try 200.000, 
  this x1000, 
  i lived in hechingen for 6 months during an internship . 
  god that town was boring . 
  yes , let 's ban freedom of speech . 
  and no , let 's not focus on the real problem here , those extremists being imported by the truckloads , that 's not the problem , what are you a bigot ? 
  it 's fucking with my ocd, 
  southamerica would still kick european ass . 
   the average dutchie works 697 hours per week less u wot m8, 
  for you, 
   implying the minaret ban is wrong, 
  please do . 
   the pipelines leaving our country in every way wut, 
  turkey is not european . 
  full stop . 
  i should have invested in eastern poland ... 
  the forecast , even if it worries me and makes me sad , does make sense . 
  do we have their previous forecasts ? 
  it would be cool to compare what they predicted with what happene . 
   a win of podemos would quite frankly help europe to return to fiscal responsibility jesus , where do people come up with this stuff ?? 
  it 's comedy, 
  he is a leftist , he left his logic and reason out of the door . 
  do not trigger him further !, 
   meanies y u so mean , truth hurts muh feelings :(, 
  120,000 you say ? ... 
  in this we fully agree . 
  call them assholes if you want , i do n't care , it is your right . 
   people dont go forth and piss of random people ( in a non-religious context ) to show how important free speech is . 
  actually yeah . 
  you are commenting on an article about it . 
   generalization ( that , by the way , is prohibited by the sub rules ) . 
  censorship ! , please more censorship ! . 
  hurt feelings noo :( (  well , people are free to believe in whoever they want . 
  and people are free to say whatever they want . 
  as longs as you do not in any way undermine the free speech , do whatever the fuck you want . 
  once you start limiting even with `` oh but dont do that , it pisses people off and hurts them feelings :( ( ( ( '' , you are part of the problem . 
  you are advocating death as response to some drawings . 
  just drawings man . 
  think about what you are saying . 
  i agree . 
  right-extremism can be defeated because right-extremism is disgusting and dumb as fuck . 
  the us has the right idea of free speech . 
  fuck you . 
  free speech should not be subjected to `` bad timing '' . 
  wassaaa money money money, 
  as long as the message does not come from merkel , and it is loud and clear the illegal stream will not stop . 
  at this point it just seems most europe would gladly do away with free speech because it might hurt some feelings :( muuuhhh feelings :( ( (, 
  one should always side every single time with free speech . 
  if you do n't like it , look away . 
  if it makes you want to kill someone , you need psychological help . 
  if you kill someone because of it , you need to be in jail, 
  how can you donate ? 
  maybe it will get the croatia-hungary wall built faster ? 
  off course it does . 
  top kek , these ` colorful descriptions ' are the reasons why islam is not compatible with civilization . 
  and why islam is primitive and inferior . 
  i was just teasing you when i said i felt sorry for you before . 
  but i now i really do . 
  you had the bad luck of being born in an islamic country . 
  that 's some bullshit luck right there . 
  i wish you find reason and logic . 
  stop believing primitive shit and join humanity in civilization . 
  good luck bro , being muslim , you 're gon na need it . 
  lol , i come from a region where secularism reigns . 
  we allow gay people to hold hands and we do not dictate what women should do . 
  we have no beheadings , stonings , flailings , or people killing each other in the name of allahu snackbar . 
  how is your society ? . 
  which one is more `` fuck-tarded '' ? 
   do n't get mad sonny . 
   islamic sources watch the video of the al-qsa mosque . 
  or the preach from al-baghdadi or read the disgusting koran r read the disgusting hadiths i feel pity for you . 
  a little man with a little mind , believing in heaven grandaddies , in a silly ideology . 
   ok , apparently i fell for a repeat-stupid-shit-to-prove-i-know-something robot . 
  oh you fell for something much worse , you apparently do believe in islam . 
  i feel bad that you were born in the region conquered by muhammad the pedophile murderer ( shit be upon him ) . 
  reasoning with a religious is like medicating a dead person . 
  you already left your logic and reason out of the door when you kept being a muslim after being able to think for yourself ( big assumption here i admit ) . 
  stop replying , let 's not waste more of our times . 
  i will keep believing in science , tolerance , rights for gays and rights for women . 
  you can keep believing in islam . 
  at the end of the day , civilization will prevail , and the me will keep destroying itself . 
  the islamic world has one huge `` no true scotsman '' mental problem . 
  you have to meet the fact that is is very islamic . 
  a well elaborated argument - http://www.theatlantic.com/magazine/archive/2015/03/what-isis-really-wants/384980/ and one recent message from a very islamic source in a very islamic place - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cdhg9tadzya&amp;feature=youtu.be  ... and piff the magic dragon is called a magic dragon . 
  is he a dragon ? 
  is this supposed to be a real argument in a serious geopolitical/religious discussion ? 
   you 're stupid , i 'll try to make this more constructive . 
  very tolerant , very constructive . 
  i expected nothing less though . 
  isis is very islamic . 
  period . 
  whose banner do they use ? . 
  who is the maximum authority ? . 
  the sooner you accept the truth , the sooner the islamic world can ( maybe ) get over its violent sadistic roots and enter civilization . 
  i do not think it is possible though , since the hadiths and koran are well established and very clear in their message : - sexism : in sex separation - intolerance : punishment for apostasy - homophobia : punishment for being gay - sadism : behead those who insult islam/prophet/allah ( shit be upon all them ) - long etc. 
   islamic body of knowledge . 
  quran itself is garbage . 
  it is a disgusting `` book '' . 
  but islam also relies on sunnah and the hadiths , which are equally disgusting and violent . 
  all in all , islam is a disgusting , violent ideology invented by a disgusting , violent `` prophet '' ( shit be upon him ) , which turned a world region into a disgusting , violent place .
