  i can say that the last 3 times i have been in the gym , people are taking about the refugees . 
  about the 800.000 k. 
  about the 500.000 k every year for several years . 
  i was surprised to hear a `` meathead '' talking about `` dublin 3 '' and other proceedings . 
  i have heard foreigners talking about it . 
  native germans talking about it . 
  so one thing is true regarding / europe , it reflects the current topic pretty well . 
  the more the truth comes out , the more people will realize that merkel made a mistake . 
  not the left of course . 
  it is all peechy then . 
  it is just some goon from xx faction who killed another goons probably yelling allahu snackbar with his goon friends . 
  that is exactly what civilization needs . 
  more violent psychologically fucked up people pouring in by the thousands . 
  you usually get a period of grace of one year in which you look for , and hopefully find , a jerb, 
  rejoice , germany is now part of the ummah !, 
  allah has granted dar-islam victory over the kuffar the holy islamic army grows larger with soldiers from rome , and soon the infrastructure in the kuffar 's own country will be a part of the ummah germany will accept 500.000 muslim brothers every year for several years , said one kuffar leader . 
  hear oh yeh kuffar , thou hath opened the doors of your fortress what islam didnt conquer by the sword , it will conquer by the womb taqbir !, 
  allah has granted dar-islam victory over the kuffar the holy islamic army grows larger with soldiers from rome , and soon the infrastructure in the kuffar 's own country will be a part of the ummah germany will accept 500.000 muslim brothers every year for several years , said one kuffar leader . 
  hear oh yeh kuffar , thou hath opened the doors of your fortress what islam didnt conquer by the sword , it will conquer by the womb taqbir !, 
  hey if the truth is racist , then we can just ignore it and it wont bother anymore !, 
  he does it for free, 
  it is just a muslim problem . 
  good grief . 
  i hope they have to use all their oil to desalinize water and end up with no extra funds to bankroll islamic shit abroad . 
  better yet if they just wither away like the backwater camel fuckers they always were . 
  is that a jab to the ottoman rule thing ? 
  if so , daaaaammn son , fucking savage, 
  beautiful . 
  but haram . 
  by the grace of allah , europe and rome shall be conquered not by the sword , but by the womb , and your self-hating decadent ways . 
  oh yeh infidels , take a look at history , islam has slowly crept out from the middle east into north africa , central asia and europe . 
  there is no stopping now . 
  it is too late already , submit yourselves to the will of allah taqbir !, 
  i would be more suspicious about the country that committed the armenian genocide and has not apologized to the day . 
   they drink bear those crazy russians, 
  pretty much . 
  islam is turning the world into a worst place . 
  one country at a time . 
  and europe is next, 
  remember the armenian genocide, 
  remember the armenian genocide !, 
  make it mandatory to eat a pork sausage before entering any train . 
  security problem solved . 
  i can imagine millions of members of the religion-of-peace ideology feeling sad this disgusting terrorist attack did n't come true . 
   southern sunny parts of europe turkey is not europe though . 
  i will never give a single euro to a nation that refuses to acknowledge and ask for forgiveness for its genocidal past . 
  remember the armenian genocide !, 
  used to have a large christian population . 
  which has been steadily dwindling down among the general genocide taking place in the region . 
  ridiculously good food though . 
   bear down ayyy, 
  ' #shotsfired, 
  what camera did u use ? 
  feels surreal . 
  it should be at least 50 % muslim . 
  there are two main components of current swedish society ; christians and muslims . 
  a police force able to protect and serve both elements at the same time is ideal . 
  it 's not `` rebellious '' to do sonin europe . 
  just backwards , and dangerous ( for others ), 
  [ concern deeepens ], 
  turks everywhere !, 
  tight . 
  keep us all posted on your continued progress with any new progress pics or vid clips . 
  show us what you got spain . 
  wan na see how freakin ' huge , solid , thick and tight you can get . 
  thanks for the motivation . 
  turkey 's syrian border is not europe . 
  why is this in this subreddit ? 
  lol , all this butt-blasted , bum-busted turks are mad af, 
  never ever ever < : ^ ), 
  a muslim resorting to `` but da jews !!!, 
  '' , color me surprised . 
  that 's why turkey will never ever ever be part of the eu . 
  he 's a muslim ... you can not expect high-level reasoning out of him . 
   spain, 
  it has planted plenty of seeds ... 
  turkey ? 
  it is not europe . 
  pay debts, 
  me personally , i wo n't give a dime to any muslim society that supports such ideologies . 
  imagine the boost to birth rates too . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  but turkey is not europe ? 
  why is this in this subreddit ? 
  is this a fucking joke ? 
  that 's like condoning the nazis on the basis that germany would have ended up better if they had won the war . 
  the fuck is wrong with you mate ? . 
  besides , have you heard about uruguay , chile , panam\u00e1 , south brazil ? . 
  those places are much much `` nicer to live '' than argentina . 
  damn . 
  great quote . 
   in france , about half of the population is not religious or atheist -- despite the fact that it is generally considered to be the birthplace of western secularism . 
  i wonder why . 
  turkey is not europe . 
  native american and ukrainian genocide, 
  native americans, 
  the polls seem to be pretty constant though . 
  i guess it 's good ukip is slowly losing support, 
  where can i learn more about that ? 
  turkey is n't europe .
