  good luck czech republic !, 
  islam is an homophobic , sexist , intolerant , primitive and backwards death cult . 
  it promotes violence not only against christians , jews , atheists , budhissts , but also against itself . 
  the founder of islam ( shit be upon him ) was a paedophile murderer conqueror that subjugated people and has become the `` ideal '' `` perfect '' man for billions of muslims . 
  if you can not see how a death cult that glorifies violence and martyrdom is responsible for the actual state of the me , you are just willingly obtuse . 
  practically all resistance against assad is in way or another in different degrees islamic at its core . 
  is is called islamic state . 
  and it is calling for a worldwide caliphate . 
  and it is well founded on the koran and hadiths . 
  islam is a violent , sadistic , primitive ideology that infected the me , that is why the me is a violent , sadistic , primitive place . 
  stop deluding yourself , grow up and stop believing in violent heaven grand daddies . 
  then , maybe the me will stop being the shithole it is . 
  but it was delisted i think ? 
  why ? 
  i think this is very relevant to european matters nowadays . 
  holy shit . 
  it will be cheaper in the long run , after you calculate the social and economic damage the `` refugees '' would cause in your country . 
  good luck , hungary !, 
  the guy is a douch with dictatorial fantasies . 
  but even douchbags are sometimes right . 
  no , most blame the us and europe . 
  check the washingtonpost poll, 
  so it begins, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modern_gold_dinar#libya i agree the gold-standard is overhyped and falsely understood . 
  however it is clear that a monetary union of oil-producing countries would jeopardize american monetary hegemony . 
  if you are the us it makes sense to prevent it . 
  how did we come to jews and neonazis ? . 
  maybe there is more to the conspiracy that i do not know about , but why in the hell are you going about jews and nazis ? 
  next time someone says `` no one is illegal '' , just say `` you are right , no one is illegal , their residence in a given country however , can very well be illegal '' . 
  allah this , allah this , jihad jihad jihad , islamic law , allah , allah and more allah . 
  it is a shit situation , but ca n't they see it is islam what is largely responsible for it ? 
  also good to see the kind of economic migrants europe will be getting . 
  to be honest , it makes full sense . 
  there is nothing `` lol aliums '' about it . 
  the petrodollar is one of the most powerful tools of the us and is crucial for it to remain the only world power . 
  if oil producers started trading at large scale in something besides the dollar , it would be a big blow to the us . 
  just one land doing it could be taken as the first domino in the line . 
  it is just basic geopolitic there is nothing conspiratard about it . 
  i am sure tinfoil conspiratards have enough bullshit theories , but this is not one of them . 
  good luck , hungary !, 
   we are coming with our modest islamic perspectives top kek, 
  work work work work i thought this was about asylum and not economic migration . 
  well well well . 
  damn , that is some harsh language right there . 
  i thought croatia was playing nice with the eu to get fast into schengen . 
   `` angela merkel invited people over and they 're in a rush to get there '' damn . 
  he is calling out merkel personally ? 
  this is madness . 
  damn son , how dense are you . 
  having been in this train before , i ca n't imagine being in this situation i guess this is the new normal in europe . 
  it will only get worse from here on , specially importing one million per year, 
  this is a great step and it would remove a lot of distrust from locals . 
  my only worry is people exploiting it and doing taqiyya ( islamic approve lying ), 
  no one will deport anyone back to syria for at least 10 years . 
  it is an invasion . 
  plain an simple . 
  the worst thing is that there actual legitimate refugees between the invaders , but they are the minority . 
  merkel will not make the decision out loud . 
  she will keep spouting her feel-good butterfly rethoric while teling you guys to close the borders . 
  she will be the humanistic mama merkel , who couldnt help the poor economic migrants because of the heartless ex-kebab removers . 
  take a look at your flair . 
   denied refugees who can not be deported by their own fault ( because they lost passports etc ) are forbidden to work and wo n't recieve benefits but they will stay in germany . 
  so they will have no way to live besides ... robbing , selling drugs , or ngos ? 
  they should have never been in germany in the first place . 
  why did this take until now to get going ? 
  merkel leading from behind as always . 
  and i would be happy once this passes , not a second before . 
  pls remove this is much racis pls un help merkel pls arrest this bigot, 
  `` hey harry ? ... '', 
  thats comedy, 
  honest question . 
  how the hell does lebanon manage to carry on ? 
  what is a good charity to give money to ? 
  preferably one that only gives help to people in the middle east and not people in europe . 
  and preferably one that helps minorities like christians , yazidis , gays , etc ? 
  please expand , genuine curiosity here, 
  but i never wrote that or agreed to it . 
  and i do n't believe it . 
  there are a lot of european muslims . 
  i really hope no one gets blown by a 25-year old mine . 
  fuck , merkel 's invitation brought them here . 
  we have to help the syrians in camps in the me . 
  specially the real victims ; christians , yazidis , gays , atheists and apostates . 
  damn son you are one brainwashed dude . 
  i thought that was just a german stereotype . 
  i do not think that for a single second . 
  european naivety and ineptitude is partially responsible . 
  as well as the current tradition of following the us into more wars in the me . 
  what i am saying is that putin now has even more influence on europe . 
  not only he sells europe his gas , but now he also has power on the migrant-flow . 
  economic , and social power on europe . 
  i am saying the guy is clever and europe naive . 
  this will only happen more and more . 
  reading about this is like watching a car crash in slow-motion . 
  why does this article keep getting removed ? 
   under the dublin-agreement , we 'll most likely send everyone else back to croatia . 
  merkel killed dublin iii . 
  no one is going back . 
  we will be hearing lot more `` allahu ackbars '' in germany in the future . 
  that is for sure .
