  they are highly authoritarian , racist and paranoid . 
  when they say muslims are going to invade and take over europe , they actually believe it . 
  they get votes because people are scared of hamas rockets and western supporters of the palestinians are too ignorant of israeli politics that they go out and blast the nation as a whole instead of focusing their criticism on the people who are actually to blame . 
  in a sane world we would take people like netanyahu , sit him down in a safe supportive environment , and help him deal with things constructively , but instead he is in charge of the most powerful military in the middle east . 
  in other words , it is business as usual in geopolitics . 
  they have a border with russia and their entire population is about the size of russia 's military . 
  guess why they 're a nato member ... 
  i predict what will happen in the long run is that as russian gas starts looking more and more unattractive , and the rest of the eu finally starts to moan about the german coal industry , that opposition to nuclear is going to start to decrease quite a bit . 
  this will especially be true as the generation iv initiative continues to progress and the renewables start to hit the load-levelling problem . 
  an interesting technology which could be exploited for solar is thermochemical hydrogen production . 
  most of the hydrogen produced today is acquired from steam-reforming of natural gas , which results in large greenhouse gas emissions . 
  electrolysis of seawater is a cleaner alternative , but it suffers from problems with high costs , and require large amounts of electricity . 
  in contrast , at very high temperatures , 800 centigrades or so , it becomes possible to use relatively simple chemical methods to efficiently produce hydrogen from water using only heat as the input . 
  this process has a high energy efficiency , thus circumventing the problem with silicon cells for solar , and since the hydrogen can be stored , it also reduces the problem with intermittency of solar power . 
  now , while using hydrogen for vehicles appears unlikely with the emerge of high energy density batteries , air-planes is a different matter . 
  aircraft require a high energy/weight ratio , and for hydrogen this is higher than any other fuel . 
  the technology is also already proven . 
  the russians experimented with big airliners powered by natural gas and hydrogen decades ago . 
  the issue is cost , but due to oil depletion and nations implementing climate taxes on fossil fuels , the question is mostly whether hydrogen or bio-fuels will get there first . 
  you sure as hell wo n't power the engines of a large commercial airliner with batteries . 
   where israel currently is clearly belongs to palestine and as long as israel exists , there will never be peace in the region . 
  you realise there are actual members of hamas and feteh with a more moderate view on the situation than you ? 
  that should be a bit of a reality check on whether your attitude towards israel is off the rocks . 
  if there are people in palestinian nationalist movements that would go `` gee , maybe that 's a bit extreme '' then chances are you 're in the lunatic fringe . 
  of course , with this bullshit what will happen is that people will start to learn how to circumvent the filters and invent various types of peer to peer networks and steganography to do so . 
  this will not be liked by law enforcement and intelligence agencies , so then you get bullshit laws trying to prohibit it . 
  that will work for a while , but these things tend to backlash . 
  eventually the somewhat more sober people in the intelligence community starts to realise that when you turn everybody into criminals , you can not distinguish the dangerous ones from the harmless , and the easiest way to prop up opposition to the system and put some pressure on the troublemakers is to leak the fact to the press . 
  these people have relatively little interest in turning the place into another soviet union . 
  the people most at risk in such systems is the intelligence community itself , because they are the most dangerous to the system . 
  thus they have every incentive to avoid it . 
  you are assuming that the reduction in unemployment makes up for the lower wages . 
  this is not necessarily the case if the government has taken steps to reduce workers ' bargaining position . 
  the effect is the same as with austerity , greater income inequality and lower margins for low income earners . 
  if you respond with equal force then you will enter a spiral of violence the moment your opponent is an aggressive hard-liner who responds excessively . 
  since you ca n't just let them trample you , this makes it absolutely imperative that you have non-agressive means to defend yourself , and the presence of mind to not rush into a knee-jerk reaction . 
  you shall wish to act in a fashion similar to the damping in an oscillation system . 
  the idea is not to give in and surrender , but to ensure that you can make use of effective evasive and defensive tactics so that a moderate and limited amount of retaliation is sufficient . 
  it 's a bit like the east asian philosophy with martial arts . 
  you do n't train in order to be able to fight , you do so in order to not have to . 
  if you excel , you can dodge an attack , subdue your opponent with a minimum of force , and nobody gets hurt . 
  we should all be damn happy that we have obama , hollande and merkel dealing with this , because if the people in charge were the kind that likes to demonstrate `` strong leadership '' or `` effective action '' things would get bad quickly . 
  the problem with dropping wages is that it causes people to live on very low margins , and if a shock to the economy then hits ( russian gas price hike , housing market bubble , corruption scandal , uncertainty regarding trade agreements ) the consequence could easily be that people start to default on their debts , business goes slow because people will not buy their goods when they are afraid , governments try to respond by increasing the money supply , thus causing inflation which further squeezes the poor , and then we 're back in 2008 again . 
  stimulating business to recover from a recession can work , but it is very risky business to do so at the expense of low income earners and middle class families . 
  people are already having issues paying their rent , debts and bills despite very low levels of inflation . 
  what do you think will happen if it starts to rise ? 
  job-creation through tax cuts and expansion of the money supply can not fix the issue if the workers are denied increases in pay because of limited bargaining power . 
  the consequence in such a situation will be reduced faith in the financial market , slowdown in economic activity due to demand destruction caused by low wages , and if you keep on staying close to this territory then it is only a matter of time before some external shock to the market comes and causes the entire house of cards to crash and burn . 
  markets depend on both supply and demand , but it is only centrist politicians that are willing to deal with both . 
  the left will ask for tax and spend in any possible situation , justifying it by appealing to fairness and equality , while the right will consider job creation through tax cuts and austerity the solution no matter the actual causes of recession . 
  the recession we recently experienced was caused by demand destruction as people defaulted on their debts , oil prices spiked driving up the cost of living , and the far too `` libertarian '' policies of western countries failed to take measures to help struggling citizens until the disaster was obvious . 
  the americans did the right thing in electing obama . 
  in europe we tried to fix the greek economy with austerity , and the outcome was disaster . 
  this is not to say that left-wing policies are always the correct way to go . 
  some times it is indeed the supply side that has problems , and in those cases measures aimed at boosting business activity is the right way to go , but that was not the case this time , and britain is playing a very dangerous game . 
  all it takes is some trouble in the housing market or a spike in fossil fuel prices . 
  which was exactly the reasoning used in western europe when eastern european ashkenazi jews were immigrating . 
  yes , i godwinned the thread , because it 's freaking relevant . 
  it 's not the first time in history a worldwide recession causes western europe to see a surge in far right extremists moaning about poles , jewish bankers and roma gypsies , and it 's really rather nasty . 
  there 's another aspect to it as well . 
  the article you linked mentions that real wages have fallen as people 's negotiation position is insufficient for workers to demand a share in the recovery . 
  ca n't say i am surprised with a conservative government . 
  it is their entire policy after all , squeeze the workers by making the job market more competitive ( i.e reducing the bargaining position of low income earners ) , then blame it on the immigrants . 
  every conservative government ever has done so , since the dawn of time . 
  the us is sanctioning russia because we ( the eu ) asked them to as we 're reluctant to do it ourselves as we get a third of our gas from putin . 
  this sort of stuff is not about justice . 
  it 's a game of national interests and always was . 
  having muslims in your country is not a problem if the leadership is sane . 
  quick escalations are generally frowned upon when nuclear powers are involved . 
   `` it is no longer the struggle for ukraine but a battle for russia . '', 
  live by the sword ... 
  this is just what the world needs right now ... more saber rattling and provocations of old enemies using rocket launches . 
  for crying out loud , just because everybody else is doing it does not mean you need to join in !, 
  it 's in no small part due to one of our former prime ministers , g\u00f6ran person . 
  he came out in strong support of sweden joining the emu while having very few strong arguments in favour . 
  at the same time he had been the centre of a number of corruption scandals and members of his own party publicly denounced the benefits of joining . 
  in part because he was left-wing the right fiercely opposed him , and the referendum to join failed . 
  combine it with the financial crisis , which hit the euro countries much harder than sweden , and it is not surprising that most of our people are against it . 
  i suspect that things may change if denmark actually joins . 
  there is a lot of trade and people travelling across the border in south of sweden , and with finland at our border in the north it may get tempting . 
  i 'd say it is very unlikely as long as the situation with greece and other southern countries is unresolved however . 
  the other northern emu countries would no doubt welcome us as our banks and financial policy is among the more sober in europe , which is also part of why we are reluctant . 
  well , they are as liberal and tolerant as we are , but much less smug and arrogant about it . 
  you 're just jealous because we 're the most liberal , multicultural and peaceful nation in the world . 
  did you know we 're so humble about it that most people will not even celebrate our national holiday ? 
  much better than all that patriotic and prejudiced nationalism you have in denmark . 
  wow , with the increasing domestic production , canadian and venezuelan tar sands and slow rise of electric cars this is bad news for certain me dictators . 
  cellulose ethanol and algae fuel is also hoovering pretty close to the point of becoming competitive . 
  just imagine the geopolitical implications . 
  a world no longer dependent on middle eastern oil ... 
  the fundamental problem is not the arbitration clauses themselves , protectionism is a real problem . 
  the issue is that it is not adequately balanced with protections for human rights , environmental concerns and real antitrust measures . 
  that , and the fact that it is all discussed in secret with big companies being given access while ngo 's are kept out . 
  had they done this in a more public fashion , and included some form of measure to ensure that it was backed by measures to ensure it is not used as a means to torpedo protections for the environment , consumers and ordinary people , it is likely that it would have been much more popular . 
  instead it will drive public discontent with the eu and trade bodies through the roof . 
  the eu oil consumption is actually falling and has continued to do so even as the world economy is recovering . 
  that whole cap and trade scheme basically seems to be working . 
  do n't worry though . 
  the american developments more than make up for us , and india and china 's consumption is going nowhere but up . 
  you jest , but it would be more effective than you think .
