  start to alienate russia from international forums and social networking sites , economic sanctions of various kinds ... as business dries up he will start facing resistance back home , and unlike north korea he does not have some huge outside source of support . 
  `` humble words and increased preparations are signs that the enemy is about to advance . 
  violent language and driving forward as if to the attack are signs that he will retreat . '', 
  `` when some are seen advancing and some retreating , it is a lure . '', 
  much like hamas is doing its best to provoke the israelis ( and succeeding ) , putin is trying to cause distress in europe so that a mistake will be made . 
  the best way to deal with such a situation is to not take the bait , and instead just go after him elsewhere , like the gas prices . 
  keep hitting him with measures to reduce european natural gas reliance and rely on brinkmanship over ukraine . 
  sure you will . 
  the uk conservatives have always whined about the eu , but nothing ever comes from it . 
  in a few years time [ this will be accurate again ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dd5x3zp1ql0 ) . 
  i do n't hate the uk . 
  from what i gather most people there are fairly nice , and i even lived in coventry for a number of years while doing my bsc . 
  the problem is that your political system is a total mess . 
  you do indeed have a lot of bankers , but they are completely unregulated , and if you ask fellow britons what they think about the local banking and finance sector i suspect the response will be less than flattering . 
  you have some great universities and educational institutions but they are being destroyed by politicians that want them to be run as for profit companies . 
  when i went there to study i remember how the home students ( i was obviously counted as an eu student ) had trouble financing the degrees while working a temp job in addition to the state funded support , and that was ** before ** they decided to raise the fees . 
  you do indeed have a lot of immigrants , into an economy where public sector jobs are being cut , retirement age increased , graduates are being asked to work in unpaid apprenticeships , and the unemployment benefits increasingly becoming conditional on those receiving them performing work that used to be actual positions . 
  essentially your government seems to be operating based on the ridiculous notion that unemployment is caused by a lack of incentive amongst the workforce , even as entry level jobs have scores of applicants and even skilled and educated workers finding it difficult to find a job . 
  cameron even had to justify his policies by announcing that engineering graduates `` had no right to wait for dream job '' implying that they ought to work in the fast food or retail industry , which would of course only make it more competitive and difficult for unqualified workers to find a job . 
  combine this with a push to try to privatise the nhs , while blaming it on europe , which is complete hogwash . 
  allowing the state to utilize private companies does not oblige you to privatise the entire healthcare system . 
  we have private providers here too , but nobody is even trying to pretend it means we can not have a public option . 
  the only reason why you guys have an issue with the eu is simply that the tories have a bunch of buddies in the banking sector , and the easiest way to draw attention away from domestic issues is to blame it on somebody else . 
  with labour having moved into the centre , adopting many traditionally conservative positions , and the rising popularity of the liberals and greens , conservatives are desperate for a way to rally their base , and nationalism is a very easy way to do so . 
  the anti-immigration angle would be perceived as racist and risks alienating far too many centrist voters , and thus complaining about the eu is the easiest way to go . 
  simply summarised : david cameron 's austerity measures are a total economic failure , they have nothing else to put on the table , and thus slamming `` brussels politicians '' is the only avenue left open to him . 
  anybody outside the uk , and a not so insignificant fraction of people on the inside , are able to see what 's going on , and thus they are less than impressed . 
  if the conservatives were really concerned about foreign influence on the uk 's economy , they should worry more about their reliance on imported gas , and less about eu rules for trade . 
  of course , since most of the fossil fuel imports come from countries such as norway , qatar , russia , colombia and the us , addressing the issue would require actual efforts to reduce carbon intensity at home , which is not nearly as popular with conservative voters as blaming the french . 
  * btw : it 's `` she '' and `` her '' if you are going to refer to my posting to critique it . 
  yea , i mean , why expose the market to french regulations and german efficiency when we could let the british bankers and leftovers of an aristocracy give the job to a parliament elected based on a gerrymandered first past the post voting system and a house of lords that is appointed by the former . 
  i mean it 's not as if the uk has such severe problems with tax evasion , corruption and disregard for its own citizens that an entire nation under its rule is seriously considering to split ... why the hell would europe want to have its trade agencies in a place that keeps on talking about leaving and can not even keep its own constituent countries cooperating ? 
  it would be about as sensible as putting the central bank in greece or something . 
   broadly speaking more than any other eu nation , the eurozone seems prisoner to the whims of germany . 
  this is in no small part because germany is one of the stronger economies in europe . 
  their households have among the most modest expenditure in the entire unions , and yet it is their taxpayers who are routinely asked to pay when crisis hit countries with a high degree of corruption . 
  merkel 's government is composed of right wings conservatives , and thus such a policy is not going to fly . 
  it may seem selfish , but from germany 's point of view they handled their economy responsibly by limiting expenses , and hence they are not very happy about being asked to pay for other nations ' problems . 
  this will not change by calling the germans names and decrying them for asking what they will get in return for assisting other eu members . 
  in contrast such behaviour will only strengthen nationalist sentiment in germany and produce increased support for their conservatives . 
  if one wishes for germany to help , it is absolutely necessary to focus on how it will benefit them and show that their assistance is appreciated . 
  that foreign media feels entitled to throw comparisons with nazism in the face of the counsellor of a pacifist nation , which has done everything one could possibly expect to recognise and condemn the atrocities during ww2 , is so utterly respect-less and disgusting that i frankly would not blame the germans for refusing to cooperate for that reason alone . 
  i 'm fairly heavily on the progressive and liberal side . 
  i think we should simply forgive the debts of greece in exchange for serious reforms to deal with the corruption in that country , but to expect conservatives to change their attitude while responding to their concerns with aggression and condemnation is pretty much the opposite of diplomatic tact . 
  what happened was that corrupt cronies pillaged the country 's future in order to line their own pockets . 
  the money has most likely left the country long ago , and even executing the ones responsible is unlikely to get it back . 
  even if they could somehow recover some of it , that will not make up for years of neglect and corrupt management . 
  also , many of these corrupt politicians had ties with russian sympathizers and corporations . 
  you can expect that many deals which were ultimately bad for ukraine were made through bribery and kickbacks . 
  at the same time they subverted democracy by harassment and imprisoning opposition leaders on very questionable charges . 
  the word `` treason '' comes to mind . 
  putin sought to reintroduce the soviet era , and he 's getting exactly what he 's asking for . 
  isolation , corruption , international spite and a motivation for western countries to unite against a common enemy . 
  he may as well be running an advertising campaign for nato . 
  ultimately this is likely to end in eu membership for ukraine . 
  with trade relations severed with russia they have little choice but to seek out new connections in the west , and once those have been established , they will have little choice but to comply with eu rules anyway , at which point they may as well join and have a say in parliament . 
  then their poor will move to richer countries , and the local xenophobics will complain that they are stealing jobs . 
  i for one welcome our new ukrainian business partners . 
  it is more likely due to rising anti-semitism in the rest of the world causing religious jews to emigrate to israel . 
  secular jews are less visible and hence not equally exposed . 
  the sad thing is that a free trade agreement between the us and eu is not at all a bad idea in principle . 
  if it was done properly , with public consultation and establishing a framework to address externalities , environmental protections and human rights , it would be massively beneficial . 
  instead it is being negotiated in secret , without public scrutiny . 
   for instance , eu countries will have to allow the us medical corporations to open private hospitals and provide services to the state healthcare system . 
  i wonder if they understand what the long term consequences of this will be . 
  if regulations are to be harmonized between the blocks , then this would basically cause the us healthcare companies to come under intense pressure from europeans to be put under heavier scrutiny and regulation . 
  they would also supposedly be subjected to eu competition law , which is downright brutal in antitrust cases . 
  i suspect the americans expect to be able to pull the same stunt they have done in the us and simply water down these regulations in europe too , but the difference is that many european nations have proportional representation , and that includes their elections for the european parliament . 
  if they start fucking too much with this , it could very well backfire and result in much stricter antitrust regulations for american companies . 
  i suspect a great deal of this is due to the increase in financial and capital products that are not affected by the corporate tax . 
  the way the system is set up in most countries is that gains from stock and corporations are taxed twice in order to produce a total tax comparable to income . 
  as an example , the corporate tax rate may be 30 % and the capital gains tax 20 % . 
  this gives a combined tax rate of 44 % , which is not too bad . 
  however , due to various loopholes and means of manipulating stock value , it is possible for those individuals who have access to a good accountant ( i.e rich people ) to arrange their affairs in such a way that they can avoid the corporate tax , and receive their entire income as capital gains . 
  with the example figures given above , the consequence is an effective tax rate of merely 20 % , which is also what you would get for people who make all of their money from stock market speculation ( which is usually only profitable if you game the system with inside knowledge and privileged access to early information about important decisions ) . 
  there are various possible solutions to this . 
  the `` buffet rule '' would for instance impose a minimum tax rate for high income earners , independent of how the money was earned . 
  norway has a system where capital gains are taxed unusually highly , but there are various exceptions to allow people to reinvest the money in the company , thus contributing to useful investments instead of relatively unproductive spending . 
  good luck pushing through such rules in the us however . 
  it would be difficult to do even in sweden , and we actually have left-wing politicians . 
  tariffs in general are problematic for this very reason because they favour inefficient domestic producers in favour of efficient foreign ones . 
  in this sense a free trade agreement is not terribly different from simply merging two countries into one , and maintaining the tariffs . 
  now , it also needs to be pointed out that `` efficient '' in this context does not account for externalities . 
  you can make things very cheaply if you do n't care about environmental effects , working conditions , health and safety and so on . 
  one should therefore distinguish between tariffs levied on nations whose protections for workers and the environment are inferior to your own , and tariffs used for simple protectionism . 
  in the case of third world developing countries it gets more complicated . 
  they are in an inferior bargaining position , and hence it becomes possible for powerful western companies to take advantage of them if liberalisation of trade is not accompanied with some form of oversight on how companies behave abroad . 
  it is our economies and political systems that make these companies powerful , and that means we have a responsibility to ensure they do not resort to corrupt and abusive behaviours in nations that are too desperate for investment to protect the rights of their population . 
   as for the media myth created to make populations of northern countries feel righteous and supportive for the austerity/colonization experiment in greece , that of bad , lazy , cheating people being rightfully punished by the saintly , just eu ... sorry i ca n't go there again . 
  i 'd like to avoid a stroke . 
  the problem is n't that ordinary people are lazy or cheating . 
  it 's that the eu can not keep on giving loans that will never be re-paid to a government that is too corrupt/ignorant to fix their broken economic system . 
  the taxes you mention is only one example . 
  all economic theory suggests that taxes ought to be levied in a progressive way . 
  when you tax larger players more than smaller ones it improves competition , and because small business owners and ordinary people have little choice but to spend their money on all but unavoidable expenses , it is dramatically more effective to give tax cuts and benefits to the bottom , instead of the tax cuts for rich people . 
  the issues is that greece 's government was so deep in bed with business and unions that they utterly failed to pass any reform until the situation became unsustainable , and now that voters have lost faith in their leaders they turned to radicals who are unwilling to compromise in any way , thus making it immensely difficult to fix the mess . 
  as for northern europe 's attitude . 
  people are going to get fed up paying for a foreign government to remain corrupt and ignorant eventually . 
  there is literally no good reason to split up nato . 
  europe and the us may have differences , but does any of us seriously think that we have more in common with any other part of the world ?
