  * we too have the fantastically stupid war on drugs , which comes with the nice addition that people must demonstrate that they are clean off drugs ** before ** they can qualify for neurological evaluations for things like adhd . 
  combine it with a half a year wait for said evaluations , and a highly understaffed psychiatric healthcare system and you can see how it causes an issue or two . 
  * a great many of the beggars are migrants from eastern europe . 
  the local politics in those countries holds that the poor people are lazy savages who only drink and have many children , and thus it ca n't be helped that they are poor and unable to find a job . 
  of course , one also can not actually try to combat discrimination or employ anti-poverty programs , because the poor people are lazy and immoral and do n't deserve such help anyway . 
  really , we have people sitting in the street begging in swedish midwinter . 
  that 's not something that you do just for the fun of it , and do you honestly think they would bother if they could just `` take state money '' ? 
  do you honestly believe they sit in the gutter to be spat on and harassed by police just because it 's easier than to ask the social services for help ? 
   i know the problem with beggars in sweden has more to do with organized crime than anything else this is not true . 
  the main problem is that the romanian government is full of shit and refuses to deal with discrimination or care for its own minority groups , so they come to northern europe to beg instead since they ca n't get a job back home . 
  as for why they refuse to do anything , it 's the usual excuses `` they are just uncivilised , they do n't want to work , lazy poor people , they have many children ... '' and so on . 
  it 's almost as if leaving people to live in abject poverty causes problems ... 
  how is this different from christians or jews ? 
  if you have been to sweden you will know where these come from . 
  we have a party which started out as an amalgamation of various xenophobic and racist groups , but which gradually moderated their message to make them more likely to receive seats in parliament . 
  the overall attitude of the party is however no different . 
  they oppose measures to reduce discrimination , equal rights for gay couples , transgender individuals and so on ... 
  while they want to portray themselves in the way you describe , their members keep getting caught making comments and statements in public that could have been pulled straight out of mein kampf . 
  this is the thing about language . 
  you have to understand the cultural context to interpret the message . 
  `` i am concerned about protecting traditional family values '' does not mean the same in copenhagen as it does in a rural area in alabama . 
  similarly , `` i wish for all under heaven '' means quite a different thing in western cultures than it does in china ( where it could be taken to mean world peace ) . 
  we get this a lot in sweden , and `` the local '' is notorious for deliberately misrepresenting what is happening in our country . 
  when our national academy decided to add a gender neutral pronoun to the dictionary , because their guidelines say they should not seek to control the language but rather document its use amongst the people , the shitheads who want to portray sweden as some sort of dystopian militant feminazi muslim hugging socialist place , where people are afraid to speak their mind , went around screaming on the internet how swedish feminists were trying to ban the traditional pronouns `` he '' and `` she '' , which is most accurately described as bullshit . 
  essentially , in sweden 's cultural context your comment comes of as similar to some republican senator going `` i 'm not racist , but ... '' . 
  in principle you could follow that sentence with a very reasonable argument , but you know that nine times out of ten it is succeeded by some guilt-by-association type argument or attempt to pretend there is not a problem with racism in america . 
  may as well go into the castro district and start preaching about the sanctity of the institution of marriage , and then wonder why people do not like you . 
  oh dear , did not realise it was actually that bad . 
  the us is in for a rough ride . 
  in general for conflict resolution you try solutions in this order , moving down the list only when the higher options do n't work for whatever reason : 1 . 
  win - win 2 . 
  agree to disagree 4 . 
  force at any time during the chain you may also simply yield to the opposing side if the matter is not worth fighting over . 
  the idea is basically that you want to avoid escalating conflicts by only resorting to aggressive methods if you have to . 
  note that persuasion is aggressive since it involves trying to change somebody 's mind against their will . 
  people do n't usually like that and you end up in a war of wills type situation . 
  putin is running out of options , and that is precisely why this must be dealt with most carefully . 
  many people misunderstand such situations , tending to believe that when an opponent has no options left they are soon defeated . 
  in reality it is like chasing a black mamba into a corner and then starting to harass it . 
  if you give people no other option but to fight you , they will . 
  the failure of american politicians and social movements to realise this is part of the reason their congress is deadlocked . 
  now before you ask . 
  no , it is not as simple as saying they are all racists . 
  the republican party is scared as hell . 
  what the liberals should have done was to support and seriously talk to the tea party before they got taken over by the corps . 
  all they need to do to fix it is to tell any sponsor that is unwilling to agree to help them despite not liking the present course the gop is taking to support the more sober libertarian candidates . 
  same with oil companies . 
  you can persuade them to research biofuels and help them invest in renewables the way bp is doing . 
  if you simply decide to have massive petrol taxes without understanding the needs of farmers and people who rely on a car to pay the loans on their house and such you have a problem . 
  our own country did this with success by offsetting carbon taxes with tax reductions in other areas , thus allowing for a gradual shift that was not very painful . 
  because the american politicians still see politics as a war instead of collaboration with friendly competition for ideas ( much like science is done ) they tend to escalate conflicts , which on the one hand make their political system much more entertaining than ours ( seriously , our parliament is a snorefest ) but also much less efficient . 
  indeed , much of sweden 's success can probably be attributed to our cultural tendency towards compromise . 
  we mostly need to fix the status of our teachers and our school and beat it into the old parties heads that , no , forcing unemployed into poorly thought through job programs will not work any better this time around than the last half a dozen attempts to do things that way . 
  i suspect that people will soon realise that the best way to address this is to promote a more forgiving attitude towards people , so that this law will not be needed . 
  similarly a more accepting attitude towards sex , and a justice system based on prevention instead of retribution , would go a long way to reduce the difficulties with handling rape and sexual abuse . 
  you misunderstood . 
  what will happen is that people move where there is money and jobs , not specifically because a state is red or blue . 
  when these trade agreements come into effect that will be the democrat states . 
  also , yes , you will get growths in many demographics in the southern states , and as i mentioned that growth will not favour the gop . 
  the people who really do n't see where this is going is the american conservatives . 
  they have created laws which will allow any company to basically bribe their government , gutted all antitrust regulations , and now they intend to let european corporations get free reign in america ... at the same time the benefits to trade will happen in the border region . 
  the us east coast , northern states , western europe . 
  the american south has fenced itself of from mexico , whose economy they ruined due to the stupid war on drugs , and refuse to fund infrastructure and rail development which could benefit trade . 
  they lower their tax rates and slash welfare and education , meaning the kind of companies they will attract will be those who come there to exploit natural resources and cheap labour . 
  those companies will of course not sell their products there , people have no money , instead they will sell them in democrat states and western europe , further causing a wealth disparity . 
  so what will happen is that those who can afford to move ( i.e white people ) will migrate to democrat states , whose population increase , giving them more power in national elections , while their constant refusal to help minorities with any form of family planning , contraceptives or abortion services means those communities will keep on growing . 
  the gop does n't just shoot itself in the foot , they 're dead set on sawing off the whole leg . 
  in a two party system it is all about the swing votes , and they have practically dragged the democrats into the centre , forcing them to rid themselves of radicals and troublemakers , while they made their own party consist of radicals and `` starve the beast '' conservatives with nil understanding of diplomacy . 
  what could possibly go wrong indeed ... 
  even more ironically , the most famed and respected person of russian cultural history was [ a homosexual composer . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7_wwz2dsnt8 ), 
  heh , not at all . 
  in fact , the only reason why i did not vote for the feminists for the european elections was that i support the green party . 
  heck my own grandparents came to sweden as refugees . 
  back then it was jews who came to sweden after losing everything , and these days it is the muslims and roma . 
  the opposition is the same bullshit as it has always been as well `` they will never integrate , they have a higher birthrate , their children will take over the country ... '' . 
  i mean yes , there is an issue with extremists clashing with local cultures and other minorities . 
  when the mayor of malm\u00f6 thinks the way to deal with anti-semitism is to blame the local jews for not denouncing israel you kinda have a problem , but to blame it on those with the least money , power , influence or understanding of our political system is a bit rich . 
  i mean , some of these refugees do n't even speak english , let alone swedish , can not read and write and yet somehow they 're supposed to be a threat to european society ? 
  it 's as stupid as trying to blame the homeless and unemployed for the economic recession . 
  not that it stops people trying ... 
  sweden is incredibly pc , about everything , always . 
  be very careful with any type of sexist or even remotely close to racist comment . 
  you may find people who are ok with it , but it is very thin ice . 
  frankly the best is to avoid the topic unless it is directly relevant . 
  this is a country where the two largest parties have feminist philosophy in their manifestos , and multiple political parties in parliament are lead by women . 
  as if that ever happens in norway . 
  six years i lived in oslo and all i ever got to hear was how all the food , candy , icecream and booze was better in norway ( and still you come to svinesund to buy ours instead ) . 
  we even gave you the task of handling one of the nobel prices , and look what you did with that !, 
  well done norway , well done ... 
  i 'm pretty sure that denying care to civilians due to conflict is in any case a war crime , so even if a bloody member of likud comes in to the hospital the geneva conventions would apply . 
  oh , and it 's supposed to apply to prisoners of war and enemy soldiers as well , so no matter how you spin this the doctor in question is basically guilty of violating the same rules of war the idf ignore . 
  in fact , is there any part of any international law which says `` you may refuse to treat patients if they are particularly bad people '' ? 
  i do n't think even israel itself has tried to make that argument , although i am sure there are cases where they are guilty of it . 
  not by a long shot . 
  israel has more modern hardware , nukes , cruise missiles , decades of battle experience , the majority of the population has done military service , their forces are almost exclusively composed of specialists of one kind or another , and they got state of the art weapons off the us in addition to the things they 've developed themselves . 
  what you see in gaza today is their idea of a restrained and limited operation . 
  try to imagine what they would do if genuinely at war with a modern military ... 
  it would not be pretty . 
  the israeli hard-line right is not much different from anywhere else .
