  history would suggest that the way to union is to adopt a bunch of unsustainable ideas and then lose a war against a more powerful alliance . 
  we basically need greece to elect a party that is incompetent enough to pick a fight with the north and ... oh , right !, 
  sweden 's central bank is mandated by law to try to keep inflation close to 2 % . 
  i believe the actual law sets an upper and lower bound . 
  as a consequence our monetary policy recently saw negative interest rates and a great deal of quantitative easing in order to try to deal with the impact from the eurozone crisis . 
  essentially , the currency fell because the central bank did everything they could to make it do so . 
  the scandinavian economies are still strong . 
  hell , norway pretty much just have to revise their status from `` fantastic '' to merely `` excellent '' . 
  denmark is literally surrounded by strong trade partners and have their currency pegged to the euro , so they will be fine as well as long as they dont screw up in some dramatic fashion . 
  this is the beginning of fiscal transfers beint implemented in europe without having to admit it is what it is . 
  the eurozone in particular needs a mechanism for propping up weaker economies with funds from the stronger ones . 
  since the implementation of a common fiscal policy is presently politically infeasible , it has to be lured in some other way , and this is one mechanism which will allow it to happen . 
  it is not enough , but once in place it can be extended . 
  what usually happens is that a party pushes their social or economic reforms just a little bit too far and end up angering a lot of people . 
  all it takes is some economic trouble and down they go . 
  suppose for instance that the standoff with greece finally ends , and the truth has to be aknowleged . 
  there is a lot of missing money , and ordinary taxpayers will foot the bill because the banks were bailed out . 
  it does not take a lot to cause problems . 
  it will not happen tomorrow , but eventually there will be one conservative decision too many . 
  it works the same with left wing politics btw . 
  political parties are forced to push their ideological agenda , and sooner or latter it will be at odds with reality . 
  remind me how that period came to end ? 
  i mean , something most have caused us to conclude it was a bad idea , as we seem to have more or less dropped the practice some time near the early 50ies . 
  i wonder what went wrong ... 
  lets just say that this mess was not made in a day , and trying to find somebody to blame is about as productive as figuring out who is at fault in palestine . 
  the answer is invariably `` everone '' and nothing good will come from it . 
  the member states . 
  the imf has its hands tied . 
  they are not allowed to lend in unsustainable situations , hence unless the member states either alter the imf charter ( fat chance of that happening ) , or agree to debt relief on their own , the imf is not permitted to lend . 
  it was even questionable for the imf to be involved in the first place given how unrealistic the growth projections for greece was . 
  when i lived in england i did not really mind the rain as such , it was just the fact that it tends to fall horizontally ... 
  traditionally it refers to the countries that were west of the communist block . 
  things are much more complicated nowadays , but `` western europe '' used to refer to nato alligned and neutral countries , while the eastern block was the warzaw pact nations . 
  you cant say that !!!, 
  what have you done ?!? 
  quick !, 
  start an international art exhibition or culture festival before it 's too late ... oh dear oh dear , this is bad !, 
  a link is essentially a footnote with a reference to another document , similar to writing '' ( einstein 1905 ) '' in a scientific paper . 
  it is your web browser which contains code to make it clickable so it is easy to open the referred-to-document . 
  the proposed law would require anybody who linked to a news corporations pages to pay a license fee . 
  that is , simply referring to the existence of another document would be subject to a fee . 
  that is so monumentally stupid an idea that you can arguably call it objective for a journalist to refer to it as such . 
  this is the internet equivalence of making a law which would demand that an author is required to pay a license fee for simply mentioning the existence of other books . 
  it would completely break the way the web works . 
   nato is a military alliance designed in its core as a counter weight to the warsaw pact soviet block . 
  it is the other way around actually . 
  the western countries created nato as a defence against the soviet union , and the eastern block responded by creating the warsaw pact . 
  as for whether sweden should join , it basically boils down to how you believe russia is likely to behave , and how it would affect sweden 's foreign relations with other nations . 
  sweden has on a number of occasion helped host diplomatic efforts in various countries , and joining nato may adversely affect our ability to do so . 
  on the other hand , it might also be a strong signal to russia that messing with eastern europe will have repercussions . 
  in practice the russians are probably more concerned that finland might join . 
  nato membership would actually force us to spend more on defence if i am not mistaken . 
  the treaty has provisions in it that require each member state to have a minimum force which can be used to defend the alliance . 
  the main reason why sweden gets away with not joining is that we share intelligence information with the us and other nato countries and would likely be defended by them . 
  the eu membership also helps . 
  de-facto we are a nato country , but we do not formally join for political and diplomatic reasons . 
  the whole thing just reminds me of the debacle over steel tariffs back when bush was still president . 
  i must admit it was fun to see how rapidly those tariffs came down when the eu decided to target all the swing states with sanctions in retaliation . 
  i think the big elephant in the room nobody wants to talk too much about is how to handle co2 emissions . 
  if we are going to drop tariffs then it will be completely unsustainable if the eu imposes costs for greenhouse gas emissions while the us is reluctant to do so . 
  almost every good produces some emissions during its production , and if the us does not get its acts together then it is hard to see how the eu could justify zero tariffs while simultaneously keeping local manufacturer at a disadvantage by forcing them to pay the price of carbon . 
  am i naive to think that free-trade rules may be what finally forces the us to deal with its emissions ? 
   ( for instance , only preventing tariffs for products when relevant production costs are equivalent between those countries ) . 
  that would completely undo the main benefits of trade . 
  the entire purpose is to permit production to occur where it can most efficiently be done . 
  the main issue is related to externalities . 
  free markets do not address things like damage from pollution or environmental destruction unless forced to by government , and thus if you wish to have a common market you need a common framework for regulations . 
  whatever body oversees the development and maintenance of those regulations will at some point have to have a democratic framework associated with it . 
  the difficulty with these treaties is not the idea of dropping tariffs , that is almost universally accepted as beneficial by economists from the left and right of the political spectrum alike . 
  the hard part is how to create a unified set of regulations and rules across the different jurisdictions . 
  since you seem to have some grasp of this , could you clarify if i have understood things correctly : the isds tribunals are basically advisory forums for dispute settlements and their conclusions can basically only be enforced by the members themselves , right ? 
  so if some isds tribunal makes some stupendously silly conclusion , like ruling that carbon taxes are not allowed under treaty , the member states could just ignore the verdict , and the worst that can happen is that one of the other members see it as justifying sanctions ? 
  there are a couple of problems with your claims . 
  firstly it does not match historical evidence , which suggests that what actually happens is a move towards the middle , as opposed to towards the bottom . 
  there are many reasons for this , but part of it is that exchange rates tend to adjust if there is a huge trade imbalance . 
  you are probably correct that the eu has some problems here , but that is not so much because of the common market , as it is the completely cocked up way in which the eurozone was implemented . 
  more specifically a common currency and monetary policy requires a common spending policy as well . 
  the eu tried to do the former but not the latter , and the outcome was predictably bad . 
  secondly , moving production abroad is only profitable if you can still sell products at home . 
  otherwise the trade tarrifs do not stop you in the first place and thus the economic feasibility of doing so would not depend on a free trade agreement . 
  now , while it is true that the benefits may cause a different income distribution in the importing country , potentially leading to higher income inequality , this is readily addressed by adjusting domestic taxation and spending policy . 
  if you believe your local politicians will fail to do so , then the problem is not the trade , but rather that your local policy-makers are arseholes , and quite frankly that is not an issue you can fix with trade tariffs . 
  now , there is one big issues with free trade treaties that is potentially very damaging . 
  quite a lot of production has negative externalities ( pollution , greenhouse gas emissions , habitat loss for ecosystems . . etc ) , and if one of the countries in the treaty is failing to address such concerns , then the ban on trade tariffs makes it difficult for a more responsible jurisdiction to do anything about it . 
  indeed , this last point appears to be what the main disagreements between us and eu lawmakers are arguing about . 
  american regulators have failed to deal adequately with greenhouse gas emissions , and eu regulators maintain bans on gmo crops for mostly populist reasons ( there is little scientific evidence to justify the rules ) . 
  if you ask me the main problem is how to handle democratic oversight and transparency with treaties like this . 
  in practice it will probably not be feasible in the long run without creating some sort of super-federation . 
  i very much do believe that what we are seeing is the first few baby steps of a federalised western world . 
  these things tend to start with trade agreements and develop into entire governmental structures over time . 
  relax , it is much much worse than it appears . 
  current global warming predictions suggest we are in for a 4c increase in global temperatures before 2100 . 
  most of the warming occurs over land , so it is more like 8c where humans live . 
  to put this in perspective : 8c is the difference between france and egypt . 
  now try to imagine what this will do in sub-saharan africa . 
  we are talking draughts , failing agriculture , deadly heatwaves . 
  millions of people will have no choice but to migrate or die . 
  now ask yourself , what happens when half of africa has to move across national borders because their home countries can no longer feed them ? 
  it will not be pretty ... 
  i mean that assigning a majority of seats to a party receiving a third of the votes is broken .
