the human mind is what made us great and separated us largely from the natural process evolution sun tzu , clausewitz , chomsky , hofstadther , shakti the above list is a question , when you understand the following answer you will realise what is going on : * it is possible to fit many grains of rice along a circle 's perimeter , yet only one grain in its centre . 
  now tell me , where can you fit all the rice in the world ? 
  * since i obviously disagree so fundamentally with you , this would seem to imply that i am either very much more stupid , or perhaps you do not know quite as much as you think you do . 
  best quines trying to figure out which it is ... 
  * sun tzu said : in the practical art of war , the best thing of all is to take the enemy 's country whole and intact ; to shatter and destroy it is not so good . 
  so , too , it is better to recapture an army entire than to destroy it , to capture a regiment , a detachment or a company entire than to destroy them . 
  * * hence to fight and conquer in all your battles is not supreme excellence ; supreme excellence consists in breaking the enemy 's resistance without fighting . 
  * [ you may wish to read the wikipedia article which explains this quote . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dialectic ), 
  sure , now explain to me how a rainforest or coral reef can evolve without central control , and why we should expect society to work any different ... 
  i think this is pretty common in all nations to be honest . 
  i hear people here sometimes imply americans are stupid for not knowing the difference between norway and sweden . 
  i usually respond by feigning ignorance , and simply ask whether it was mississippi or missouri which recently had that big rally against same-sex marriage . 
  i am ; you just do n't see it !, 
  i still like [ sweden ] ( http://www.sydsvenskan.se/images2/2013/12/16/cml%20lundag%c3%a5rd%2020.jpg ) better . 
  in my philosophy it is the history of a nation which counts , as is reflected in our language . 
  siiigh , leave it to the danish guy to ruin a good plan . 
  nothing good ever comes from your place . 
  just a bunch of stupid toys and cake . 
  i almost feel like swearing until i am blue in the mouth , but you just know the stupid bastards gon na throw a fit and enter some sort of mindless rage if i do , but then again that 's sort of the point . 
  just try not to hurt anybody will you ? 
  the english made up that rumour to make the scottish men help them fight the swedes , since the women found norwegian men to be comparatively athletic , clean and friendly , not to mention the norwegian women are quite skilled maintaining farms and liked the fertile scottish highland . 
  that 's why scotland has so many red-heads . 
  now , to this day the british aristocrats like to pretend the viking fighters were quite savage men , because the truth ( that half the viking fighters were women ) scares the shit out of them . 
  they know full and well that swedish feminists could kick their ass , and so they have to pretend we 're all a bunch of alcohol intoxicated nazis , even though both binge drinking and popularity of far-right philosophy is much more prevalent in england . 
  oh , btw , i heard you like offensive humour over there ? 
  well bloody brace yourself , for i have done some pillaging of british culture of my own : * you royal bastards self-indulge on primitive recursive love hate relationships with every word in this sentence !, 
  sure , blame the locals for the failure of your leaders . 
  should have seen it coming really ... fucking aristocracy !, 
   welcome to europe and european solidarity . 
  people will happily support the independence of a region in another country , but will not support the independence of a region of their own country . 
  this is at least in part because people assume that a country gaining independence would mean it is likely to become more like them . 
  scandinavians hear of scottish independence and figure it would mean scotland would become more scandinavian . 
  if instead you suggested sk\u00e5ne should break off from sweden then we would be horrified at the idea , because it might make it more similar to our evil neighbour to the south , whose name must not be spoken . 
  as an outsider who nevertheless lived in england for a while , it seems to me as if britain has a bit of an issue with representation in general . 
  i mean , i can recognise that there are issues with proportional systems , but the way to solve that is not to insist on maintaining a gerrymandered first past the post broken process which benefits nobody . 
  the way you deal with it properly is to actually talk to people about what their concerns are and then design a new system which takes local culture into consideration . 
  no , `` let 's just do what sweden does '' is not good enough , because while our system is quite decent for our country , we have a several centuries old tradition of moderation , compromise and a preferring to avoid conflicts at all cost ( even when it would be better to face them ) . 
  if you are going to fix the british system you would need to recognise the local issues , that there still is a very nasty divide between the different nations in britain , between academics , workers , social conservatives , the elderly and younger generations and so on , and design a system which takes this into consideration . 
  if you ask me , the way to fix the british system would be to basically mirror what your universities are like , while making sure to also include those schools and vocational programs that cater to the poor and workers . 
  the reason why this could work is simply that the institutions for learning , while by no means perfect , are generally quite good at getting people from very different backgrounds and passions to work together . 
  they sort of have no choice but to do so since you ca n't really teach people anything unless you try to understand them first . 
  now , before people start explaining to me how teachers and professors are all rubbish and not worth listening to , i am going to postulate that such attitudes is precisely what causes the problem in the first place . 
  sure , there are teachers who are utter morons , but you will be hard pressed to convince me that the institutions whose entire job description it is to teach and learn , are on the whole worse at it than all the other ones . 
  listening to politicians can be useful because it teaches you how to gain influence in the current system , but if you wish to understand things and teach others , you need to speak to those who make understanding and teaching their top priority , and those are not in general the people who get voted into office . 
  consider what happens if you say otherwise . 
  eu treaties suddenly do not apply . 
  investments , foreign workers , diplomatic channels , taxation policy , border controls ... to make matters even worse , if you keep the uk a member , yet deny it for scotland , it suddenly creates an incredibly weird situation for every company , family or other private individuals in both countries . 
  what about contracts signed in scotland , which were written with the expectation that they were governed by eu regulations ? 
  what about the eu 's carbon-trading system ? 
  what about customs ? 
  in some ways , splitting a country off from a union is a much more difficult process than joining them together . 
  for an even more extreme example , suppose for the sake of argument that in a few years time political tensions cause the germans to want to split their nation in half . 
  what would the consequences be to the eu economy if there was even a credible possibility of germany losing eu membership ? 
  politicians have a tendency to make very strong statements based on what they and their supporters figure ought to be the case . 
  they do not always take into consideration how things actually are . 
  if the idea was to favour merkel and germany 's policy , then that list is going to backfire big time when people see the nordic countries top the list , closely followed by the dutch . 
  that 's because the right-wingers have neglected our healthcare , psychiatrics , retirees , students , unemployed , farmers and social problems in favour of `` creating jobs '' by cutting benefits and taxes . 
  after a couple of terms in parliament , and many broken promises , a few percent of the voters decided to vote left-wing instead . 
  norway is not in the eu . 
  sweden would be top if you considered hydro renewable , but in per-capita terms it is probably denmark and germany for the other renewables . 
  also , i 'm pretty sure we rank very high in energy conservation . 
  district heating and heat-pumps are very popular in sweden and even our right-wingers are pushing for de-carbonisation , though they naturally prefer market based interventions and tax-cuts for green technologies , as compared to the left which favours fossil fuel taxes and government investment in things like electric railways . 
  the very reason why the centre left is winning at the moment is precisely the austerity measures . 
  l\u00f6fven may be willing to give in on such matters , but the greens would bite his head off if he tried , and he also needs the left-wing party , which is bordering on communist . 
  the entire centre-left campaign has been run based on wanting to restrict profiteering and privatisation , along with better working conditions and support for the unemployed and poor . 
  also realise that l\u00f6fven 's party has almost all of its voting base from union members , older left-wingers , teachers , civil servants , immigrants , and so on . 
  i would not count on my country to fix europe however . 
  our entire foreign policy dating back centuries has been one of playing all sides and acting like weapons dealers , both literally and metaphorically . 
  we shall have to wait for the internal backlash in germany i 'm afraid . 
  when merkel 's house of cards finally crumbles things will start to change . 
  there are two accelerators being built in lund . 
  max iv which is a synchrotron x-ray source , and ess which will produce neutrons . 
  they are both used for all kinds of engineering and scientific applications but complement each other very nicely because x-rays and neutrons are absorbed by different types of atomic nuclei . 
  x-rays are absorbed most readily by dense nuclei like iron , lead , tungsten or uranium . 
  neutrons , in contrast , are more easily absorbed by light nuclei like hydrogen , boron and carbon . 
  lund in sweden ( where the accelerator is being built ) also has a bit of a history for various types of scattering experiments , ranging from spectroscopy to rutherford-backscattering of charged ions . 
  there is a very large accelerator-technology community down here and people are excited about it . 
  there are too many potential applications to mention them all , but it ranges from studying the material properties of engineered components of green energy technologies , to fundamental physics research , such as better understanding the strong nuclear force , with a great deal of other in-betweens . 
  accelerator based destruction of nuclear waste and production of medical isotopes without the need for a reactor are potential spin-of technologies . 
  all in all this is a very important project for sweden 's scientific community , and together with the new max iv synchrotron for x-rays lund is set to see a great deal of increased scientific activity . 
  as icing on the cake sweden makes extensive use of district heating , so the facility will be able to sell the heated cooling water to the local energy companies , thus providing hot-water for many swedish homes . 
  i 'm afraid i ca n't . 
  i 'm busy preparing to pillage britain once the scottish and english alliance breaks down . 
  going to have to annex norway for a while to do it , is that ok with you ? 
  now if it had been denmark however ... 
  it 's all denmark 's fault . 
  i do n't know how , but i am sure it 's their fault . 
  the best idea would be to convince the fucking romans to go christian before executing jesus . 
  even better to teach them some proper conflict resolution protocols and modern economics while you 're at it . 
  somebody needs to remind the russians what happens when they give europe and the us an external reason to settle internal differences and go on the offensive . 
  putin incorrectly think the eu and us are weak , but if he keeps this up the outcome will be another cold war , and it will be one he will lose . 
  putin may be fine with that , but many in his staff are probably smart enough to realise where this is heading . 
  also , if he fucks too much with nato and the eu , then that may just be the kick up the ass the germans need to realise they have to do something . 
  he ca n't back down , period . 
  without an external bogeyman the russians will turn on him for the failed state of the economy . 
  he needs the war to distract people . 
  from where he is sitting the best thing of all is if the conflicts go on forever . 
  the only hope of dealing with him at this point is more or less to weaken him in favour of other russian bigshots . 
  that more or less involves putting him in a situation where the remainder of the russian government can blame all the problems on putin .
