  the problem is that they do it by cutting support systems for the poor and bargaining power for workers , which tends to reduce wages and generate worse working conditions . 
  it makes average numbers look better , but can have a negative effect on living standards and purchasing power for ordinary people . 
  it is also difficult to assess the long term impact such policies have on income inequality and productivity . 
  if you increase employment by devaluing the workers ( by pushing reforms that keep wages low ) then it translates to a lower economic growth per person . 
  thus it need not be at all good for the economy , and could even turn out to be detrimental . 
  if you end up having people on average working more for lower pay , then the net effect is negative , and can show up as reduced demand for products that reduce the need for labour in the first place . 
  if you ignore that bit where he compared transgender individuals to weapons of mass destruction that is ... 
  uh , yea , that joke should probably not be used about central europe ... 
  they are jealous because we have better internet speeds . 
  it could also be the centuries of arrogance , self-righteous attitudes and a tendency to see ourselves as the most culturally tolerant people in the world that all others should model themselves after , but how likely is that ? 
  does anybody have any data on how big a difference this is in absolute terms ? 
  ranking countries like this may not provide a lot of useful information if the average difference from one country to another is quite small , since no matter how you define the criteria the rankings will produce some distribution one way or another . 
  in practice i doubt most scandinavian pupils would have much trouble moving from one country to another , but at some point the differences can become significant . 
  so how big are these differences in practice ? 
  are finnish high school students near university graduates in the european average , or is it more like a year ahead or so ? 
   and the crack of social security system is exactly what we need for people to start having children again . 
  if people knew that no one but their children will support them when they get old , our fertility rates would skyrocket . 
  what could possibly go wrong ? 
  you are practically asking for problems with substance abuse , crime and corruption . 
  if having a good job becomes the only means of ensuring a bearable living standard , then people will do anything in order to get or keep one , which includes bribes , reserving positions for friends , relatives and political allies and so fourth . 
  people who promote these ideas tend to assume it will help the economy by making people work harder , by giving employers more power over workers . 
  in practice it tends to come with a nasty backlash however , and pretty soon you find yourself unable to implement any needed reforms in response to changing markets , because it would antagonize people who are locked up in existing industries , with no way to finance their own living should they lose their job . 
  it is a recipe for disaster . 
  back in the beginning of the the 20th century , people were literally concerned that sweden 's workers would revolt in a russian-style communist revolution . 
  as a consequence the upper class agreed to reforms in voting rights and social benefit systems . 
  sweden has been a liberal democracy ever since , and has had a nearly proportional voting system . 
  much of europe was also torn apart by ww2 and the subsequent communist occupation , while scandinavia was relatively unhurt . 
  after the war there were a number of controversies in sweden because many companies , especially banks , had cooperated with the nazis , and sweden had accepted a great deal of jewish refugees . 
  these circumstances , together with sweden long neutrality and role as a diplomatic mediator on the international scene has contributed significantly to the culture today . 
  as for why sweden is so pro-immigration today , i 'd say it is self-reinforcing . 
  when you accept more immigrants per capita than any other nation in teh world , a large number of voters will either be immigrants or have friends , colleges and loved ones who are . 
  that inevitably influences the political scene , making it very difficult for a politician to oppose liberal immigration policies without antagonizing the electorate . 
  except that anything involving the eurozone only affects the countries in the emu . 
  you just explained precisely how this will be forced through . 
  the richer nations will use debt relief and financial support as a carrot in exchange for this reform , with the implied stick being that if the other nations do not agree to it , then the richer nations will suddenly find themselves unable to help with whatever the south and east needs . 
  we literally can not handle it . 
  sweden is generally very positive to accepting refugees , and on a per-capita basis we do so more than any other country in the world . 
  even so , support for anti-immigration parties here is a small minority . 
  had we been the size of the us we would probably have been fine with handling all the syrian refugees on our own . 
  the problem is we 're less than 10 million people total , so we simply ca n't cater for all the refugees if the rest of the western world does not help . 
  that is probably what annoys swedish people more than anything about immigration . 
  had other nations been equally accepting of refugees this would not have been an issue . 
  the reason it has become a problem is that a small number of well-meaning nations have been left to handle the issue alone . 
  northern europe , and scandinavia in particular , has some of the strictest environmental laws in the world . 
  this very much is a matter of culture and politics . 
  there is no particular reason why a country like the us could not do the same . 
  it is amusing how similar the strategy is to that of tsipras , in spite of the tories and syriza being polar opposites in ideology . 
  it 's like in the us , where the states that receive the most federal funds want `` state rights '' and `` small government '' . 
  they essentially seem to want the economic benefits of a union , without having to agree to a common legal framework . 
  the problem is of course that if you are going to have free trade between the member states , then eventually you need to ensure that the market has the same rules throughout , and since almost every piece of legislation , be it worker rights or safety laws , has economic consequences , that more or less means you will need some form of federal government . 
  these people seem to want a situation where trade between nations is to be liberalized , but where one country can have drastically different requirements on economic actors than another . 
  that is completely infeasible in the long run . 
  if a company in france must abide by strict workers rights laws , environmental standards and antitrust rules , while a british one does not , the former will be at a competitive disadvantage . 
  now , since we can not just get rid of all rules for how to do business , no matter how much the conservatives might like such an idea , the inevitable outcome is that the states that wish to have free trade between them must create a framework for making unified laws across the free trade area . 
  yes , i am sure there are all kinds of exceptions to this in various markets , but if the intention is to create a continent-wide free trade zone amongst almost all goods and services , then that is more or less what will be required . 
   brexit wouldnt be that bad in terms of impact on the eu and british economies it is hard to see what other reasonably plausible scenario could be worse . 
  russia invading the baltics maybe ... 
   the question whether it is feasible to get all electricity from wind and solar is entirely irrelevant since there are quite a few other ways to generate power . 
  by `` other ways '' you mean fossil fuels , which have a tremendous environmental impact , and countries are expected to cut them . 
  germany does not have a great number of sites where you can build hydroelectric plants , and nobody is even considering biomass seriously for the scale of electricity generation required . 
  in all practical terms , not using nuclear plants will mean either fossil fuels or imports . 
  at the moment germany uses coal and gas extensively , and are likely to continue to do so for the foreseeable future . 
  so , what `` other ways '' did you have in mind other than fossil fuels ? 
  if you advocate using coal and gas instead of nuclear , at least admit it , but saying you can buffer wind and solar with `` other sources '' , while failing to even address the big elephant that is expected cuts in carbon emissions , is asinine . 
  the nasty truth of electricity generation is that unless you happen to have a lot of mountains with rivers in your country ( as in norway ) , or sit on top of a volcano ( iceland ) , you can not generate all your electricity from the renewables . 
  the remainder will be either nuclear or fossil fuels , and if you oppose the former , you implicitly perpetuate the use of the latter . 
  you can say you oppose it . 
  you can refer to ambiguous `` other sources '' , but unless there was some major scientific breakthrough which has somehow not been reported in the media , `` anti-nuclear '' may as well be synonymous with `` pro fossil fuels '' . 
  it is a combination . 
  the low oil price makes it harder to deal with the sanctions , and the sanctions make it harder to implement reforms to deal with the low oil price . 
  it is not really possible to isolate one or the other as the cause . 
  if you have a bunch of holes in your roof , and it starts to rain , your floor will be wet . 
  is the problem that it 's raining or that the roof is leaking ? 
  in some sense you could blame either situation , in some sense it is both of the problems taken together . 
  this is similar . 
  what is more likely to happen is that the french will transition to breeder reactors , while germany will be under increased pressure to reduce greenhouse gas emissions ( they are actually building new coal plants ... that 's insane ) . 
  since it is politically unfeasible to build new nuclear plants in germany , and since you can not get all your generation from wind and solar , they will end up importing electricity from french nuclear reactors . 
  to some extent they are already doing this . 
  much of europe 's energy policy is directly dependent on the french reactors , even in many countries that insist they are anti-nuclear . 
  unless they plan to stop doing business in europe , all that needs to be done is to tax them . 
  they could increase prices in response , but that could send customers to competitors . 
  that is because of the leaks . 
  it will take a lot for people to trust these treaties if we ca n't even know about them before somebody decides to leak the content . 
  it is only a question of time before you start getting android laptops , and then there is an antitrust case waiting to happen over how microsoft pressures oem 's to bundle windows with every computer sold . 
  i am actually a bit surprised it has not happened already given the comercial linux-based distributions that exist . 
  the french and british bickering is close to natural law at this point . 
  this has nothing to do with the rebate and everything to do with it being france and britain ... 
  well , part of teh issue is that the us electoral system favours a 2-party outcome , which means it is very easily deadlocked . 
  the eu is more ... interesting . 
   with eu approving varoufakis reform package that 's the issue right there . 
  because of the long history of corruption , both within greece and within the eu , there is no trust between them . 
  it also appears increasingly clear that the eu need some form of unified fiscal policy , but people are going to be too afraid and angry to accept such a reform when things are bad . 
  this is a general problem with politics . 
  from an economist 's point of view you should spend in recessions and pay down debts during booms . 
  however , politicians want to use the revenue in an economic boom to finance their campaign promises . 
  you do n't win votes by paying back debt , and when you combine this with people being reluctant to help the less fortunate in a recession , democracies are inherently prone to worsen the boom-bust cycle instead of dampening it . 
  unfortunately , most alternatives are even worse . 
  any system that is not heavily based on populism and democracy will end up dictatorial , and if you think corruption is bad in democratic systems ... 
  so what about all the low-income jobs in the cities then ? 
  somebody has to do them , and then they need to live within commuting distance ...
