  either make it proportional or use single transferable vote . 
  first past the post is just broken . 
  the uk system is so fantastically broken it is tragicomic . 
  it is worth keeping in mind that when observing averages like these you can get surprising results when you combine regions . 
  for instance , based on that map you might assume that spain is doing better than france , but that is obviously not the case . 
  what happens is that a region 's physical area may not correspond to its population , and thus areas where just a few rich people live will have an impressive average , but an area where you have equally many rich people , but also some poor people , will look worse of . 
  this is also how it is possible to manipulate voting districts in first past the post voting systems . 
  you draw the district boundaries in such a way that your opponent 's vote gets split across a great number of districts , while your own support ends up concentrated to a slight majority of districts . 
  that way you can win overall , even though your opponents got more votes , simply because their vote was more distributed than yours . 
  note that i am not disagreeing that the countries that are mostly blue in this map are very strong economies . 
  people just need to be aware that it is not straight forward to draw conclusions from maps like these . 
  the sum of many averages may turn out to be quite different from the average in each component term . 
  you can kill a million pigs well , provided you do so to sell pork chops as opposed to developing medicines or advancing science . 
  i really do care for animal rights . 
  i even spent a long time eating vegan because of it ( did not manage in the end ) , but people pushing for this really have their priorities wrong . 
  if we wish to improve animal rights then it 's the food industry we should look at . 
  increasing the proportion of vegetables in our diet could also make our agriculture emit fewer greenhouse gases and improve our health . 
  you do n't even need to go vegetarian . 
  simply reducing meat consumption by 10 % or so would do more than any restriction on animal testing ever would . 
  the way i see it , this may well be a response to british unwillingness for further integration . 
  other parts of the eu wants to move ahead with further integration , while the uk is opposed . 
  the only sensible solution is a two-strata system . 
  the alternative is to give britain some form of strange veto over what the other nations may do between each other . 
  now , there may be grounds for complaint if this approach would require the other nations to violate the rules within the common market , but you really can not expect them to not cooperate just because the british do not wish to be part of it . 
  now that would be ridiculous . 
  let us be clear about this . 
  a lot of uk animosity towards the eu is simply the result of the tabloids and populist politicians making insane claims about it to ensure local support . 
  there are probably legitimate concerns , but the present circus is not about what most briton s think . 
  this is about politicians wishing to appear patriotic . 
  it works better in britain than many other nations because there is still a great deal of pride left from when britain was an empire , but ultimately it is not much different from when some regional politician talks a lot of crap about the national parliament . 
  the eu should simply politely inform mr cameron that the purpose of the union is not to give british politicians a bogeyman they can pretend to fight in a pr campaign . 
  just wait for the oil price to rise again . 
  americans are stupidly sensitive to gas prices , and if european car makers have superior fuel efficiency because the us congress refuses to accept decent fuel efficiency standards then that would make them very competitive . 
  oh my , that would be ironic . 
  germany refuses to use monetary policy to ease the debt burden of poorer nations in the eu . 
  in response their workers move to germany because that is where the economy is good and the jobs are . 
  queue the eventual complaints about migrant workers stealing jobs . 
  by `` weird '' he means `` fraudulent '' . 
  if a government decides to consider everybody receiving benefits as being employed by the state , that will make the rate 0 , but it of course does not mean much . 
  this is one of many reasons why you can not really compare unemployment numbers between different countries . 
  they are useful for observing changes within a system , but since the way these numbers are calculated are politically controversial , almost every country does it differently . 
  the oecd maintains employment rates that are more accurate , based on the proportion of people in the workforce . 
  this does not really take into consideration that working hours and such differ , and there is of course no adjustment for the fact that some people are in a different job than what they would like , but it is probably the best we have : https://data.oecd.org/emp/employment-rate.htm, 
  it could be argued that there are some limits to how much you can cut pensions before you start running into trouble , and thus a low gdp forces you to spend a high proportion of it on pensions . 
  a more obvious example is drinking water . 
  since drinking water is an absolute necessity , and since it is unlikely that rich nations drink substantially more water than poor ones , its fractional proportion of gdp says more about a country 's economic performance than any insight about water consumption . 
  in a similar vein all nations have senior citizens that need to be cared for . 
  having a poor economy does not suddenly make it optional to ensure that those retired can pay for rent and food . 
  it is bad for data that has nothing to do with spirals . 
  if you wanted to show how some economic output grew over annual cycles it may be a very sensible choice , but even then you would use the spiral for the coordinate system and let the data points fall upon it . 
  what precisely is the justification for using it for data that is not periodic in some way ? 
  because it looks pretty ? 
  the decision was apparently between kastrup and arlanda . 
  i do n't know why they figured arlanda was better , but it may be because our government shares a very large amount of intelligence information with the us . 
   this is going to fundamentally change swedish society for the worse everybody with strong opinions on immigration knows that the stakes here are sky high . 
  no matter what the long term outcome is , it will have tremendous impact on how we view refugees , not just in sweden , but also worldwide . 
  what is more is that because it is likely infeasible , both politically and legally , to send a large portion of these people back , sweden will be forced to to try to deal with it . 
  the big challenge will be a few decades from now , when climate change starts taking its toll on poorer nations . 
  the entire western world will see increased immigration , legal or otherwise . 
  as the us has found out , strict immigration laws do not necessarily stop people . 
  perfect enforcement of the law is infeasible and policing is expensive . 
  things will get worse before they get better . 
   on other issues not so much well , i think almost by definition popular green parties have an energy policy which is based on unicorns and pixie dust . 
  in particular they tend to oppose nuclear power as well as carbon capture and storage , hoping that renewables can save the day ( they wo n't ) . 
   and all it takes is fucking over a whole generation of people !, 
  sucks to be them , huh . 
  this is one of the big problems with the current structure of the eu . 
  there is no way to force a new taxation system onto greece except by basically refusing to help when their economy goes sour . 
  in the us , which is a much more closely integrated union , the federal government collects taxes across the whole union and has the power to implement things like federal grants and benefits to specific people who struggle . 
  now what is going on with greece is that the creditor nations want to force reforms designed to address tax evasion , make it easier to start businesses and so on , but the only way to do so is to basically threaten economic hardship onto the whole nation unless it agrees . 
  part of the problem is also that there are more nations in the eu in dire need of support , and and it is going to be very hard to explain to their governments why greece deserves more help than they do . 
  things are not exactly stellar in the former eastern block , and things are very tense in italy and spain as well . 
  well , if you really want to we could burn down half of london and annihilate machester and birmingham , replace your entire government with loyalists , and then gradually rebuild your country over seven decades ? 
  at least then you would finally get electoral reform ... 
  the scary thing is that judging from trends in population , land-use change , agriculture and global warming , it seems somewhat inevitable that people will have to eat less meat in the future one way or another . 
  simple supply and demand effects on their own are likely to drive up the costs of animal products , and as governments start taking measures to reduce greenhouse gas emissions , a significant fraction of which is from agriculture , this will happen . 
  it may have been a bad idea politically , but scientifically and economically they are spot on . 
  meat consumption has to come down , and it has to come down much more harshly than just one meat-free lunch per week . 
  if doing it by direct mandate is not acceptable then it will be done by making it unaffordable for most people , which is probably the more likely outcome . 
  no pressure germany ... 
  in your own time angela ... 
  based on the wording it would seem to imply that the us would be joining the eu , along with the entire echr , the lisbon treaty and everything . 
  so , just for starters ... * voting rights for people with criminal convictions * government responsible for people 's healthcare * no death penalty * cap and trade for carbon emissions * hard limits on agricultural subsidies * european style anti-monopoly laws * vacation pay and maternity leave * european protections for unions and collective bargaining heck , forget the us pressuring eu politicians , just our basic human rights legislation and competition laws would give your average republican a hearth attack . 
  can you imagine the whining if they had to deal with european petroleum prices ? 
  or for that matter , imagine an american telecommunications company in europe 's competition courts ... 
   we have been on the decline for 40 years . 
  not by any sensible measure . 
  in absolute terms poverty , disease , mortality and mental illness have all declined when you take into consideration that life expectancies are higher ( the rising healthcare costs we see is mostly because more people live to be old , and we now have a lot more treatments available than we used to ) . 
  meanwhile , life expectancies , purchasing power , literacy rates and purchasing power have all increased . 
  the proportion of people dying in armed conflict is at a historical low in human history . 
  a number of debilitating diseases have been eradicated from the western world , and seem set to be eliminated worldwide within the foreseeable future . 
  polio , for instance , is down to 23 cases this year , and expected to be extinct within a few years . 
  it is probably true that some things have gotten worse . 
  it is also true that we have a lot of problems . 
  however , on the whole of it , we are doing much better than any previous time in human history . 
  the biggest challenge we face today is probably how to ensure that our economic growth can be environmentally sustainable , and addressing international corruption in a democratic fashion . 
  there are difficult problems no doubt , but the irony of us discussion these matters freely , on a communications platform that connects activists and transparency advocates from across the world , at a cost that is a small fraction of the rent we pay for our homes , is somewhat amusing . 
  we are living in an age where authorities find it difficult to censor even a web-page for sharing copyrighted music . 
  the intelligence agencies are failing to stop people leaking huge collections of documents about their operations . 
  it nay seem as if the shenanigans described in this article is more common these days .
