  you may not want to say radical stuff like that to us . 
  we really dont have strong preferences for such extremist yet equally valid opinions !, 
  i think you misunderstood the figure . 
  it does not say that the tax rate is now 337 percentage points higher than it used to be . 
  it is saying that the taxation rate has increased by approximately a factor of 4 . 
  thus if it used to be 10 % ( as an example ) it is now 43.7 % . 
  that is , approximately a fourfold increase . 
  scandinavia has a lot of good sites for hydroelectric power that can be used to balance out fluctuations in demand , which is why we can do without the gas . 
  norway gets almost all its power from hydro for instance . 
  it is in principle possible to build nuclear reactors with highly variable output , france does this to some extent , but it is much more expensive than to run the reactors at constant maximum output . 
  this is probably one of the greater challenges with electricity and energy generation . 
  producing enough clean electricity is not too difficult . 
  just build a bunch of nuclear power plants and wind farms . 
  the issue is that you also need a proportion of generation that can swiftly alter its output to stabilize the grid . 
  in principle you can achieve this by building energy storage facilities , or having a large excess capacity and running your generation at less than optimal output , but that gets very expensive . 
  natural gas and hydroelectric plants are used for this purpose because their output is limited by the amount of fuel / water , and thus the economics does not change much if you save the energy for latter . 
  for renewables and nuclear the situation is the opposite , with most of the cost being due to the construction of the power plant , and thus the price per kwh generated rises rapidly if you run the plant at less than optimal output . 
  there are a number of efforts to try to alleviate these problems . 
  some types of industries and electronic equipment can be programmed to run when demand is low to help smooth out the issues . 
  larger and more integrated power grids can also help average the fluctuations over larger areas ( among other things this helps reduce the probability that wind-speed falls across all turbines simultaneously ) . 
  however , even with these efforts it is very likely that some technological advancements will be necessary to reduce the need for natural gas . 
  plausible candidates are advanced nuclear reactors , gas produced from renewable sources , like gas from sewage , decomposition of garbage or advanced biofuels , and advanced solar-thermal , which stores solar energy in the form of heated molten salts . 
  on the demand-scheduling side of things it seems possible to run certain types of heavy industry during the night . 
  charging of electric vehicles is expected to peak during night-time , and various types of heat-storage could allow the energy needed to keep buildings warm to be supplied during off-peak hours . 
  the challenge is to implement such solutions in a manner that is cost-effective and practical . 
  you often see people propose their preferred technology ( usually nuclear , renewables or energy conservation ) as a solution to these problems , but in reality we will likely need to use a combination of these technologies if we hope to be successful . 
  that graph really shows how badly we 're doing on fossil fuels at the moment . 
  we really need those breakthroughs in renewables and advanced nuclear ... and probably a great deal of energy conservation as well . 
  you do know women are counted in this statistic too ? 
  i guess your guys have a hard time keeping up ... 
  yea , well . 
  sweden accepts more refugees per capita than any other western nation and prides itself on multiculturalism , so i dont buy `` diversity '' as an explanation . 
  a more likely reason is that the nordic countries have highly progressive taxation policies , worlds lowest income inequality , and powerful labour unions and government services . 
  it is the unholy lovechild between capitalism and socialism which is best sumarised by the word `` lagom '' , meaning not too little , not too much . 
  also , we were not bombed to shit in ww2 , and our politicans are slightly less corrupt than elsewhere . 
  bildt is part of the right wing opposition , and hence it is his job to be disappointed with what the government does . 
  it probably also does not help that his party is literally the closest thing you come to a capitalist pro big business party , which would sponsor laws prohibiting the concept of empathy if they believed it would create jobs . 
  a list like this is not complete without world of warcraft . 
  it went downhill after wrath , but damn that game was designed form the ground up to reward playing it . 
  what you say is true , but there is room for improvement to offset the negative effects of modern agriculture . 
  a shift towards diets with a larger proportion of vegetables would benefit both public health and reduce the land required for crops . 
  no-till farming sustains top soil and reduces erosion . 
  advanced greenhouses can offer a prolonged growing season and minimise the need for pesticides , and comcomputerised application of water and fertiliser can reduce agricultural runoff and nitrate pollution of drinking water . 
  it is true that `` organic '' farming is unlikely to be overall beneficial , but one can most certainly be more ecological than current practice . 
  that does however mean more technology and agricultural management , not less . 
  poland is a member of both nato , the eu and the emu . 
  the shenanigans in ukraine is one thing , a military invasion of central europe is another . 
  that is also all assuming that russia will even have an economy left by the time the consequences of ukraine play out . 
  even if the detector can not pick up alpha emitters most alpha emitters , including polonium , also emit gamma . 
  that a substance is an alpha-emitter only means that it is the dominant form of radiation , but most radio-isotopes emit more than one type of radiation . 
  a more reasonable assumption is that a geiger counter would not have given sufficient data due to the radiation levels involved . 
  well , at the same time there is no other group than the eu which can realistically impose fishing quotas , leading to unsustainable declines in fishing stocks without it , and if iceland is not a member , they get no say in how the system is run ... 
  so , fair or not , what is the alternative ? 
  you have people entering hospital with malnutrition . 
  `` things will get worse '' does not simply mean lowering living standard a bit here . 
  it means destroying what is left of the greek economy . 
  the question then becomes , if the eu is set on destroying the greek economy anyway , what 's the point in staying ? 
  at the moment the eu is more or less trying to push through reforms in exchange for greece accepting an even worse situation down the line , which puts them back at square-one , but with an even worse bargaining position . 
  there is literally no reason why it would be in greece 's incentive to agree to it . 
  even a default on the debt is a better choice if that is the alternative . 
   but with the current blackmailing stuff about various things coming from the greek government i fear people will care less everytime abut greece until they stop to care at all :\\ they have no choice the way things are . 
  the austerity reforms the eu wants would crush their economy . 
  defaulting would crush the economy . 
  leaving the eurozone would crush the economy . 
  blackmailing the eurozone may be a shitty move , but they do not realistically have any alternative . 
  what is happening at the moment is more or less that europe is trying to force reforms in greece , but without any credible explanation for how such reforms are to be funded . 
  even if we outright assume that syrizia wanted to put an end to tax evasion and corruption , they can not do so over night , and the type of institutions and infrastructure needed to do so costs money , which greece does not have . 
  at the root of the problem is the fact that the eu does not have the necessary instruments to prevent corruption within its member states , and the countries that most need such oversight will never accept it unless the rest of the union accepts it too . 
  now good luck convincing the other governments that greece 's problem is a reason to transfer sovereignty to eu bodies for the entire union . 
  germany , for instance , will see this crisis as more reason to hold on to power , and the southern nations are not going to agree to anti-corruption measures if richer nations are exempt . 
  give us a break , we 're trying to get the french , british and germans to cooperate with spaniards , greek and italians , all the while we are terrified of offending anybody ( seriously , saying `` hello '' is a bit too provocative by swedish standards ) . 
  anyway , europe will reign supreme , we just need another century or two to settle our internal disputes , and then we can kill the danish to solve the problem once and for all ... 
  part of the issue is that if europe is to regulate the banks , then that in principle moves economic policy into the hands of the ecb and nations do not want to give up their sovereignty . 
  you mean like the finance industry , which is a huge sector in the uk economy ... 
   carpets : danish place names [ why am i not surprised ... ] ( http://satwcomic.com/adult-kindergarteners ), 
   civil rights guarantees all people equal protection under the law , * the law , in its majestic equality , forbids the rich as well as the poor to sleep under bridges , to beg in the streets , and to steal bread . 
  -- anatole france , the red lily , 1894 * you say all people are to be treated equally , but the people who are not recognised as citizens are not , for very practical reasons , which is why this is going to be a bit more complicated . 
  progressive taxation is another obvious case where we value practicality above ideology . 
  richer people pay more ( both in percentage and absolute terms ) because if you do n't redistribute income , you would swiftly start losing elections when the poor hate you , or you have to restrict their right to vote . 
  so what then is equality ? 
  is it to impose the same rules on everybody , even if the rules themselves are conditional upon your circumstances ? 
  does freedom of expression cover lies , slander , fraud , threats and libel ? 
  this has never been simple , and never will be . 
  your oppression is my freedom , and vice versa . 
  it is a problem that has been recognised since the days of classical liberalism , and likely long before that as well . 
  the question is simply what a reasonable balance ought to be , and that is of course a highly normative and subjective matter . 
  everybody believes themselves to be in the centre , and those who disagree are seen as extremists of one form or another . 
  germany failing is well known , and yes , i bitch a lot about it . 
  france 's emissions are mostly due to a high population , but they are pretty much alone in europe to have done the sensible thing and expanded their nuclear generation to the point where they do n't need coal . 
  britain is at least trying , but they are fantastically incompetent about it . 
  they should have started expanding their nuclear and wind power capacity way earlier . 
  i 'm with you on italy though . 
  see , what poland should have done instead of flat out vetoing targets was trying to negotiate for eu assistance to develop alternatives . 
  have you considered what the response from the rest of europe is likely to be ? 
  burning bridges with your trade partners on whom you rely for economic prosperity is a very bad idea . 
  what is likely to happen as a consequence is that your country will have to make the same adjustments more rapidly , with the rest of europe being less inclined to be understanding that it will take time . 
  that 's the last thing you need . 
  i think his point is that because the eu market is more competitive , and features much stronger antitrust laws , the impact of allowing isps to treat content differently may not be as serious as in the us , because decent access to all services may well be demanded by customers . 
  in the us if your isp starts to throttle netflix or spotify , chances are you do n't have a viable alternative . 
  because the eu market is much more competitive , an isp has to consider the risk that customers may change their subscription if they do .
