  heck the entire federal structure of the eu was modelled to be a modern version of the us . 
  the eu was quite literally born out of countries in western europe wanting to be more like america . 
  voltaire never said that . 
  it 's a saying that originated in neo-nazi circles and was latter attributed to voltaire in order to try to give it more credibility . 
  to compare circumcision to fgm is like comparing being slapped in the face to having your ears cut off with a rusty knife . 
  no , i 'm not trying to defend the practice , but the two are not even remotely comparable . 
  if you create insecurity and low wages for the poor and lower middle class the entire economy becomes incredibly vulnerable to external shocks . 
  all it takes is for some market ( housing , energy , whatever ) , and people become incredibly adverse to spending . 
  those who live on very tight budgets start defaulting on their debts ... and off we go into yet another crisis . 
  somebody has to buy the products corporations produce , so if you reduce the disposable income of the poor and middle class business will slow . 
  you can not create jobs without there being a demand for the jobs people perform , and further eroding government spending on the poor , while reducing job security and pushing people to accept lower wages and harsher working conditions will only make things worse . 
  there is also a severe problem with more and more people working overtime , while at the same time the unemployed have a difficult time finding jobs . 
  the only long-term viable solution is to ensure people can make ends meet without over time and reasonable working hours , as that would enable us to reduce overtime while also getting mroe people employed . 
  of course , for that to happen you have to increase regular ( i.e non-overtime ) wages and the right wing will scream bloody murder at any attempt to do so . 
  the uk electoral system sucks monkey balls . 
  most of the richer eu countries have parliamentary systems with a high degree of proportionality , which has the consequence that established parties need to worry a lot about messing up since it is easy for voters to go elsewhere . 
  the uk has a first past the post , gerrymandered system favouring the establishment . 
  since the voters are getting increasingly pissed about it , and as they are very unhappy with the economy , their politicians try to deflect blame to the eu . 
  you forgot to mention concerns about patents . 
  europeans are much more sceptical towards market based solutions than americans , and people are really quite concerned that it will end up like the medical industry . 
  that graph reminds me of [ this ] ( http://pages.cs.wisc.edu/~kovar/hall.html ) . 
  * `` banking on my hopes that whoever grades this will just look at the pictures , i drew an exponential through my noise . 
  i believe the apparent legitimacy is enhanced by the fact that i used a complicated computer program to make the fit . 
  i understand this is the same process by which the top quark was discovered . 
  it is unlikely that more nations will join the emu until the member nations can demonstrate some sort of balanced regulatory framework . 
  poor nations do n't want to risk being in greece 's position , and rich nations do n't want to have to pay for it . 
  at the moment , confidence in europe 's leadership is fragile at best , and the shenanigans with us trade agreements will not help the situation . 
   the bank is indirectly responsible for the misery of tens of thousands . 
  they 're lucky half the board was n't thrown in prison . 
  is n't that more or less the definition of a bank at this point ? 
   they 're not treaties . 
  but there will be time for examination when it 's put before parliament , and also when they run the citizen consultation programs . 
  do you seriously not see why people are furious when these things are negotiated between governments and corporations first , while the electorate only gets a say after lawmakers and industry has already come to an agreement ? 
  this is why mainstream parties are losing support in favour of radicals . 
  nobody gives a shit what convoluted justification can be constructed . 
  people do n't want to support politicians that listen to enterprise first and the voters second . 
  the entire argument in favour of doing it this way is basically `` we 've always done this '' , which just makes people go `` well , then maybe it is time to replace you with somebody else ? 
   it 's to stop vested interested bogging down the process . 
  that claim lost all and every credibility the moment big corporations were invited to the process while ngos and human rights organisations were not . 
  if they did not want people to call them fascists they should not have behaved like fascists . 
  if private enterprise is allowed to take part , while unions and consumer rights groups are not , then there will be a never ending shit-storm until it stops , and those who defend such a state of affairs will lose all credibility trust they may have had in the past . 
   on the bright side maybe we 'll hear a bit less about how the evil eu wants to cook uk tonight from beyond the english channel i 'm sure the greek and italians will pick up the slack . 
  european politics is phenomenally weird . 
  you basically have liberals in scandinavia agreeing with german conservatives that the french leadership is full of shit , while the uk and southern europe seems to think that macro economic theory is just another optional religion once can choose to ignore . 
  meanwhile the former eastern block is sitting there going `` shit shit shit , russia is drunk again !, 
  then there is our exports . 
  our gloriously neutral and liberal international policy sure lets us sell a lot of surveillance and weapons tech to countries of less than stellar human rights records . 
  i can only wonder how much similar stuff is currently going on in south east asia . 
  our country has some of the strongest worker protection laws in the world , but when you start to look at where our stuff comes from it is really freaking dirty . 
  all that fancy telecom equipment is produced by asian chip-makers and manufacturers . 
  denmark pegged their currency to the euro , and the only reason why sweden did not join is that people are worried financial policy will be set according to what is best for france and germany , without regard to the impact on smaller countries . 
  recent events in the financial markets would suggest this fear is justified . 
  a currency union requires some level of political homogeneity , and at the moment this would likely mean scaling back many of the scandinavian welfare systems , which is needless to say an extremely unpopular idea . 
  i do suspect that sweden will eventually join the eurozone , but before that can happen there needs to be some form of eu-wide agreement on how to handle the job market , healthcare and basic benefits . 
  as the country with the lowest income inequality in the world , swedes are worried that further eu integration will result in rising inequality and a destruction of the fairly successful economic models of the north . 
  essentially , sweden is unlikely to join the eurozone until the politics in continental europe is ready to go for a more centrist model than the current push towards privatisation . 
  people often call the nordic countries socialist , but the truth is more that we dislike radical economic policies . 
  flat out socialism is as unlikely to be accepted here as a deregulated free market . 
  most of our politics is based on social democratic ideology with a mixed market economy . 
  i would not mind the eu becoming a federation , but there is no reason why we need a single leader as a republic has . 
  that just results in the voting systems becoming horrendously unrepresentative . 
  we do however need more democratic institutions to deal with things like consumer protection and labour laws . 
  if you look at where political support for such a move would be it splits very well across right-wing and left-wing , unsurprisingly . 
  on the right nato is the freedom alliance of capitalist hope and democracy , while on the left it 's the corrupt american corporate weapons lobby . 
  ok , maybe most people are not quite that extreme , but it is hardly surprising to learn which parties are more positive , and which are less so . 
   weapons contractors are laughing all the way to the bank right now . 
  we ** are ** the weapons dealers !, 
  sure , we do n't sell that many guns , but when you start looking at money from things like military radar systems , insensitive explosives compounds , fighter jets , smokeless aa-rockets and so on , we make a substantial amount per capita . 
  our foreign policy has been a massive exercise in two-faced hypocrisy ever since ww2 , when we simultaneously allowed both german and norwegian soldiers to travel freely in our country , while trading in nazi gold with our banks , sheltering jewish refugees , sold steel to the wehrmacht , while wire-tapping german and soviet diplomats , and sold the information to the british and americans . 
  why exactly do you think we 're neutral ? 
  taking sides is bad for business !, 
  israel is very much run by morons , and presently controlled by likud . 
  it 's almost as if you can not judge the competence of a complex government by a single issue . 
  do you normally allow a single concern to determine your attitude in this fashion ? 
  it was very impressive , but then you learn how it was made ... eeep !, 
  naaa , that 's us . 
  the brits will be sarcastically polite to you instead . 
  it 's worse than that . 
  there are us cities that rely on revenue from fines to balance their budget . 
  have a guess who gets disproportionally targeted by bullshit fines designed to generate revenue , and who is more likely to suffer late payment fees if they can not pay the original ... 
  it is only a question of time before the situation becomes unsustainable . 
  the republicans already struggle to win elections , and with trump and pals ripping apart any chance of appealing to the latino community it will not get easier ... 
  it varies by state . 
  predictably , it mostly hurts minorities , and black persons in particular . 
   but corporate interest trumps human rights in the eu as well strictly speaking this is false . 
  the european court of human rights rule only on matter concerning human rights , and their rulings do at least in principle take precedence over any other ruling of law . 
  you may of course argue that echr rulings are not always followed , and that the court does not always rule in favour of people over corporations , but then the argument is what europe 's legal system consider the human rights to be , and they may well not be as strong as you think they ought to . 
  however , with respect to whether corporate interests or human rights are more important , european legislation is clear : human rights is the highest law !, 
  you simply disagree with current decision makers as to what those rights ought to be . 
  as usual it is the per-capita statistic that is important . 
  plutonium is very useful . 
  aside from its use in weapons it contributes to the energy released in a nuclear reactor because even a reactor fuelled by pure uranium inevitably produces some plutonium as the uranium is irradiated . 
  moreover , converting the less easily fissioned u-238 into pu-239 can allow an advanced nuclear reactor to use nearly 100 % of uranium reserves , whereas relying only on the comparatively uncommon u-235 isotope will at best use a few percent of the uranium . 
  there are of course issues with nuclear power . 
  we should probably agree not to go around killing one another and design better means of handling the waste , so we can use it safely . 
  the term `` special relationship '' is a direct reference to sharing of nuclear weapons technology between the two nations during the cold war . 
  obtaining such a diplomatic recognition was a major driver for the uk nuclear weapons programme , and ultimately caused the windscale nuclear reactor disaster . 
  to this day american trident missiles are used onboard uk nuclear subs , and armed with british warheads . 
  this is not about special connections between the people . 
  it is about diplomacy in the context of nuclear weapons policy .
