  more probably it is however that it is relatively unusual that us ordinary people get to hear about it to the extent we now do , and it will only become more prevalent . 
  if you are worried about this sort of thing the number one measure to take is probably to support net-neutrality and freedom of expression on-line . 
  while i very much doubt that governments will be able to control the internet in the long run , it is arguably one of the most important areas of legislation today . 
  by the sounds of it americans do not really like it either . 
  the only hope at this point seems to be that after this treaty is passed ( because it will be passed , too much is invested now to simply drop it ) , there will be a backlash which may eventually culminate in a mechanism for regulating emissions and consumer 's rights internationally . 
  i suspect in the very long term the end-game will be federalisation across the north atlantic . 
  mind you , we 're probably a long way away from that , but it seems to be the way we 're heading . 
  i for one welcome our north atlantic overlords ... / s, 
  the question is if the policies that cause income inequality are the same ones as have given it high economic growth . 
  based on what most mainstream economists are advocating it seems like this is not the case . 
  many states still use fairly regressive taxation policies . 
  increased state-funding of higher tuition , funded by somewhat higher taxes , may well improve both income equality and long term growth , and the present level of restrictions on labour unions and collective bargaining are arguably excessive . 
  essentially , i am far from convinced that the us level of income inequality is simply due to a lack of regulations , and not more readily explained by policy decisions that are fairly independent from the overall level of regulations . 
  things like progressive taxation , government spending on education and less severe restrictions on unions are not incompatible with a mostly free market . 
  it is mostly right wing politicians who argue that taxation is a form of regulation , and undesirable in a free market . 
  mainstream economics in no way implies that a capitalist system must have a low level of taxation . 
  left-wing politicians are guilty of making the same argument in reverse , often blaming income inequality on a lack of regulations , when it is far from obvious that it could not be reduced by relatively straightforward adjustments to taxation and spending policy , without further regulating the market . 
  it completely depends on the situation . 
  depending on how things like access to education and employment opportunities relate to income and wealth , extreme inequality ( even of the relative kind ) can reduce social mobility and keep talented people from performing the work they are best suited at . 
  it is unclear precisely how much is `` too much '' , but mainstream economists and organisations like the imf and oecd seem to agree that excessive inequality can reduce economic growth and lead to inefficient resource allocation . 
  this is not terribly controversial in principle , but when you start discussing just where the optimum is you will find widespread disagreements . 
  some people point to scandinavia 's high living standard and low income inequality , while others like to point out that even the poor in the us have comparatively high living standards , in spite of a high level of income inequality . 
  it is also not trivial to compare different nations and jurisdictions . 
  some nations charge high tuition fees for university , while others fund it through taxes . 
  if the latter ends up making education readily accessible for poor people , it might offset some of the negative effects of income inequality . 
  that is , it might be more important to ensure that most people can access services that improve productivity , than it is to ensure a high degree of overall equality . 
  indeed it is arguably much more essential that workers can get healthcare and education , than it is to guarantee that everybody can buy the same amount of luxuries . 
  i do n't think that anybody is truly able to tell precisely what the optimum is beyond that . 
  as i mentioned , both the scandinavian countries as well as the us are doing very well , in spite of radically different levels of inequality . 
   america would like a word ... again , most analysts believe the us has managed such strong economic growth in spite of , rather than due to , its high income inequality . 
  the most likely explanations for the strong american economy is the strong investments in science , both from the government and private sector , relatively free trade between its member states , a very powerful bargaining position internationally , and its unusually liberal economy . 
  in some ways i think we do more or less agree here . 
  it is evident that equality can not simply be a matter of bringing everybody down to the same level , but at the same time we probably do not want a situation similar to the us , where even in spite of the recent reforms , many people simply can not afford to go to the doctor . 
  any sensible policy will be a careful balance between avoiding excessive income inequality and rewarding successful enterprise . 
  in my country we undeniably have some problems with over-regulation . 
  we even have directly legislated prices for some things , like housing . 
  however , the very progressive taxation system in combination with state funded higher education and generous support systems for the poor has given us some of the highest living standards and lowest income inequality in the world , while still having a strong and relatively stable economy . 
  i 'd argue that given the evidence available from recent history , it seems outright obvious that any system with hope for long-term success will have to be centrist and based on compromise . 
  figuring out precisely where ** the middle ** might be is a hard task , but every economically successful jurisdiction is based on careful compromise between strong enterprise and tax-funded support for the sick and poor . 
  even the americans do things this way . 
  they may claim to be all about free markets , but even a cursory examination of their taxation system reveals a different reality . 
  the problem is that you need both a strong economy and low income inequality to ensure long term economic growth and high living standards . 
  organisations like the imf and oecd agree on this point , and they are not exactly bleeding heart socialists to put it mildly . 
  yes , i am sure you can find examples of fairly equal societies that perform poorly for all kinds of reasons , but the reverse is also true . 
  that greece managed to screw up their economy does not mean that the nordic countries are full of poverty and misery . 
  as for the uk , it is undeniably performing well economically as compared to most countries in europe , and this helps reduce the impact such a high level of inequity would otherwise have , but it is still a problem . 
  saying `` at least we 're doing better than portugal '' is not really a great argument for ignoring the situation . 
  i swear , economic statistics are deliberately designed to put sweden on top . 
  either that , or everywhere else has even worse politicians than we do , which is a scary thought ... 
  a more accurate view would be to say that opposition to nato is falling , for reasons that i assume are obvious to everybody . 
  it 's a power struggle at the moment . 
  national governments do not want to give up sovereignty to a federalised one . 
  in the long run they will likely lose however . 
  europe is heading towards federalization , and it is unlikely you could stop it at this point . 
  the focus ought to be on strengthening democracy and transparency in the eu , because it is not about to go away , and it grows more important every year . 
  it has been possible to implement it within 20 years if we had wanted to give it necessary funding . 
  the catch is that `` possible '' and `` practical '' are not the same thing . 
  a fusion plant is quite an expensive affair , and the benefits over improvements to traditional nuclear and renewables are somewhat questionable . 
  if you talk to people in the field they more or less say that while it is theoretically possible that we could have fusion within a few decades , it is more likely that it will take a decade or two to obtain the necessary science . 
  then you need to add in a few decades for engineering and construction of prototype plants to investigate feasability , and assuming it all goes well we may be able to construct practical powerplants some time after 2070 or so . 
  that does not howevever imply that it would be economical to do so . 
  in a similar fashion we actually do have the technology to make flying cars right now . 
  it just turns out to not be a very good idea . 
  in some cases it actually can . 
  as an example , if the safety rules prevent you taking necessary actions to repair damage or implement new measures to prevent the problem from reoccurring , then it may well be the right thing to do . 
  as an analogy , suppose you are in the business of making cars , and your safety standards have very conservative requirements for the components you use . 
  it is not implausible that this results in a heavier vehicle , which as a consequence ends up having a longer breaking distance and thus a greater probability of an accident . 
  safety is not just some number you can increase or decrease at will . 
  excessive requirements in one area can sometimes cause problems in other areas . 
  a good example might be the fukushima accident . 
  the containment is believed to have failed due to excessive pressure in the wet-well causing a rupture . 
  if operators had vented a greater amount of gas to the environment , they would have released more radioactivity from deliberate emissions , but the containment may well have remained intact , avoiding the much larger subsequent emissions that occurred when it failed . 
  it would of course have been preferable if the accident had been avoided all together , but once it was a fact it would have been better to allow some more controlled emissions in order to preserve the containment . 
   i 'd also destroy britain before attacking russia . 
  that was the plan , but the battle of britain failed . 
  the reason why the nazis attacked russia when they did was that they more or less expected stalin to eventually break the non-aggression pact himself , and they figured that at the rate the russians were industrializing and producing arms , the opportunity to win a confrontation with the soviet union might slip out of reach . 
  in fact , had hitler allowed his generals to do their job during operation barbarossa they may well have won . 
  even with hitler slowing down the entire campaign by insisting on a comparably slow tactic of trying to capture the red army a piece at a time , they were still within sight range of the kremlin before being repelled . 
  the generals wanted to make a more rapid push for moscow , and had they done so they may well have succeeded . 
  it is unclear what would have happened next given the american development of nuclear weaponry . 
  since it is unlikely that the nazis would have been able to develop them before japan was forced to surrender , it would basically boil down to whether washington would be willing to accept german rule of eurasia , or if they would have simply decided to start annihilating german cities . 
  i think the performance deserves a lot of credit too . 
  those guys could probably make most anthems sound great . 
  things like this can not be resolved in that fashion . 
  too many people with too many supporters pushing for particular outcomes . 
  the invested parties must at the very least appear to fight tooth and nail for what their supporters want . 
  as a consequence these types of problems always end up being solved by very complicated and convoluted compromises that more or less have the effect of distributing the decision making process so that no one individual or group can be easily blamed for it . 
  what is going on at the moment is ever as much a game of distributing accountability and blame for the problems as it is a matter of finding a solution . 
  the roundabout and overly complex agreements and compromises you get out of it is to be expected , because it is politically infeasible to get anything else through . 
  you can expect this circus to go on for many months at least , quite probably years . 
  what we are struggling with in europe at the moment is that we are trying to run a free trade area while keeping the nations separate in lawmaking and economical sovereignty at the same time . 
  this does not work very well . 
  in the long run the richer and more competitive nations will have to help develop the poorer nations , and in turn we are going to need more eu influence over local taxation policy and provision of government services . 
  the alternative is to break up the union , which is not desirable for everybody . 
  problem is , we do not have a national identity at the moment . 
  germans , swedes and finns are not keen on teh idea of using part of our gdp to support countries like greece , italy and hungary , and those countries in turn do not want to give up sovereignty over local spending policy , which means we are stuck with an unsustainable situation where the less competitive nations require support , but the richer regions are unwilling to give it , and the poorer regions are afraid of being taken advantage of , and thus do not wish to agree to the necessary oversight which will be needed to convince the more competitive economies that supporting the poorer nations is money well invested . 
  we are basically in the situation where it would be better for everybody if we formed a strongly integrated union , and created a common framework for financial policy and infrastructure investment , but the trust between nations that is required to make it work is not there . 
  we have problems with corruption , local nationalism and a general unwillingness to create the institutions that would be necessary to make this work . 
  at the same time , we have every reason to suspect that going back or splitting the union would have negative consequences for overall economic growth and trade . 
  the only sensible direction to go from where we are is further integration , but the trust , will and motivation for doing so is lacking .
