  the exact solutions when people travel depend on the countries involved . 
  even if you argue that it would be in european nations interest , there is still no nato obligation to intervene . 
  member countries act without invoking the nato treaty all the time . 
  the no-fly zone over libya is a good recent example . 
  also , a threat is only effective if levied against somebody who believe they can avoid the consequences by backing down . 
  thus the whole reasoning behind the nato treaty is only sound if it is not used without its conditions being triggered . 
  it may well be a good idea to act anyway , but nato is not the reason why . 
  as if the threat of detonating a couple of tactical nukes in the centre of moscow and saint petersburg would not provide a considerable deterrent ... 
  i 'm not favour of nuclear weapons , but even a very primitive hiroshima-style weapon would be a more powerful deterrent than our entire standing army . 
  half my relatives were romanian and murdered in auschwitz . 
  do you still believe i have no interest in understanding romania and what is happening , or that i have not tried to do so already ? 
  as for whether the romanian government has been genuinely trying , i would argue that the answer is no . 
  i would also argue that the main reason for their unwillingness to try is basically racism , which in turn is caused by a lack of understanding . 
  now , am i to assume we disagree because you are a stupid evil person , or that you simply do not understand my point of view ? 
  the former would lead me to treat you in a fairly aggressive fashion , and i assume you would not like that very much . 
  this is a poor idea . 
  while the reasoning behind it is understandable it would be much better to treat those people well , talk to them , find out how to reach the roma community in romania , and then use this knowledge to talk to the romanian government . 
  when you treat people well they are more likely to talk openly with you , thus allowing you to understand them and what causes them to struggle . 
  once you possess that information it becomes orders of magnitude easier to address the issue in a manner that actually solves the problem . 
  for similar reasons it 's important to treat muslim immigrants well as it will make it much easier to draw on their support and knowledge when talking to foreign governments in the middle east . 
  this principle applies quite well to almost every conflict you can think of . 
  when you disagree with somebody , state your opinion briefly , then listen to everything they have to say about it . 
  that way you come to learn why they think the way they do and disagree with you , which has the double benefit of making it easier to convince them otherwise , while also clearing up any misconceptions you may have yourself . 
  once you 've listened , you then briefly explain what you agree with and not , then rinse and repeat . 
  act according to this very simple advice and you will learn loads about how other people work . 
   yes , and also while we 're at it let 's prevent ghettoisation of immigrant areas . 
  infeasible . 
  people will want to live close to those they can relate to , and that means other immigrants . 
  you are right about the poverty however . 
  the norwegians got it right . 
  they do n't try to stop the immigrants from forming their own local communities , but they do help them so that the parts of town where most of the immigrants live do not become an impoverished ghettos . 
  of course , that 's easier to do when your country is basically the democratic version of an oil emirate . 
  norway is sort of the love-child between saudi arabia and denmark . 
  it 's not that simple . 
  even when immigration policies are sensible economic concerns tend to create support for radical parties as people have a tendency to blame those they already dislike . 
  you can see this throughout europe , not just sweden . 
  thus while increasing efforts to bridge understanding between immigrant groups and natives is certainly going to be necessary , along with an admission that immigration is not completely without problems , ensuring that the poor , unemployed and retired are not made to pay the price of recessions is ever as much part of the problem . 
  if you have politicians who respond to economic crisis by basically saying `` the banks are innocent , it 's all these bad people who refuse to work that is the problem '' it will end up playing right into the hands of far-right extremists . 
  whether it is anti-semitism , xenophobia or other types of racism and religious hatred the pattern is always the same : irresponsible economic policy -  unemployment -  rich people blame the poor to avoid taxes -  rise in extremist parties . 
  good luck getting the social conservative and economic right-wing to admit to this however . 
  the obvious way to address it is unacceptable to those who get their power from banks and rich people . 
  that 's not because of refugees but our utterly failed housing policy . 
  despite an acute shortage of apartments in big cities , no new ones are being built as the left insists on stiff price regulation , while the right refuses to accept any form of subsidy or government provision , resulting in a market where it is completely uneconomical for companies to build more homes , and government can not pick up the slack . 
  almost any form of compromise would be better , but since our eminent leaders see their own way to do things as 100 % correct , and will not budge even a millimetre , we get the worst of both worlds and hence a housing shortage . 
   if europe just wiped isis out not even the americans are stupid enough to try that , which should give you an idea of how sensible a move it would be . 
  i have a radical alternative idea . 
  let 's help the moderate muslims in our own countries ( yes they exist ) instead of pretending none of them want to work , and start supporting secular and moderate muslim education so that saudi extremists do n't get to monopolise the teaching of islam . 
  protect them from threats and assaults so that they can be public about it without having to fear for their lives , and stop the racist profiling in airports and customs , which does piss all to stop terrorists and only enforces resentment between immigrants and natives . 
   has ties to racist movements . 
  `` has ties to '' in this context means : is fucking full of racists , openly promotes the idea that the financial problems are due to immigration despite the known causes in the financial markets , formed out of neo-nazi groups and has a party leader who is quite happy to flat out lie about everything from crime statistics to demographic trends in order to push the message that immigrants are dangerous . 
  now excuse me , i have to go and erase all mentions of gender in my books so teh feminazis do n't force me to have a sex change before i renew my mandatory union membership and give all my money to drug addicts . 
  except none of that is true , though it is how right wingers portray sweden abroad . 
  as a matter of fact , we do . 
  nice try asshole , you have no idea who you 're talking to . 
  i 'd rather our doctors spent their time treating grandma 's arthritis than patching up these ass-holes . 
  i personally like [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=afmbicex3sg ) better . 
  why a wall-to-wall carpet in the lavatory is perfectly sensible of course ... 
  it goes well with the external plumbing and electric showers . 
  seriously , who figured it was a good idea to heat the water with electricity and the air with gas ? 
  it is incredibly different from country to country . 
  scandinavia and germany are very keen to teach people about these things , while some european nations fail spectacularly at it . 
  this is particularly true in the former eastern block where you also have attempt at banning public discussion of sexual minorities and similar . 
  for a us analogy , north-west europe is a bit like your coastal states , while the south east is more bible-beltish . 
  ireland is the main exception to this rule with a large number of conservative catholics opposed to things like abortion and anti-discrimination efforts for sexual minorities and women . 
  britain also has the remainder of an aristocracy with some bigotry perpetuated due to a first past the post voting system ( it favours the right-wing authoritarians ) , but they tend to come around anyway . 
  they do very well for gay rights compared the rest of europe , in no small part thanks to the courts , but racism is a bigger issue . 
  most media outlets are like this . 
  it is a very good reason to get your news from many different places , ideally with opposing viewpoints on the issues you care about . 
  it is also good to stick to news-outlets which are reasonably centrist ( though they all have bias ) since the signal to noise ratio of the radical ones tend to be fairly low . 
  the exception is when you are dealing with issues directly related to the media itself . 
  established channels have a strong incentive to cover up problems . 
  in general we all interpret what we experience based on what we think we already know , and thus it is almost impossible to detect errors in your own reasoning and prejudice without honestly challenging your most strongly held beliefs . 
  in my experience the by far most effective way to understand opposing viewpoints is to simply listen to what the people who hold them tell each other . 
  they may lie and trick you if you ask them directly , but they are going to be honest with the people they trust . 
  similarly , if you are willing to listen to people without prejudice they are often very eager to tell you what they believe and explain any misunderstandings . 
  this may seem obvious , but it is remarkable how ones understanding of the world improves if one simply takes the time to ask people to explain their believes to you . 
  as a bonus , when they do n't in fact know what they talk about asking them to explain often cause them to realise they do n't , at which point it is easier to persuade them you are right . 
  this incredibly simple psychological trick is one of the most effective means of persuasion . 
  by listening to people they will willingly let you know how to reach them , and by asking them to explain when they are wrong they often come to realise the limits of their knowledge , making it much easier to follow up with a persuasive argument . 
  they are also more likely to listen if you 've taken the time to listen to their point of view . 
  most people naturally feel as if they owe it to you if you 've let them speak first . 
  it does not help that `` the local '' basically feeds on hyperbolic representation of criticism . 
  some politician says something along the lines of `` that does seem to play a bit into gender stereotypes . '', 
  and it becomes ** sweden wants to ban sexist art !, 
  ** this is true for media outlets in general by the way . 
  some market themselves as more reputable and can hence be read without disgust . 
  bbc news and the economist are among my favourites for international media for this reason . 
  they have their bias , but at least they do n't try to rile people up for no reason . 
  you do n't know much about the situation in sweden . 
  we have a nice little cluster-fuck of social issues which combined with the usual squabbling in government prevents anything from being done . 
  in particular : * getting `` state money '' is not as easy as you think . 
  it 's a load of paperwork and comes with a nice little bureaucracy of requirements that many homeless and mentally ill people can not live up to . 
  in addition it only applies to citizens , and not those who come here because the policies towards minorities in eastern europe is simply put abysmal . 
  * instead of building social housing and hiring staff to care for the homeless , the government is running their own homeless shelters , at a cost which exceeds that of apartments and staff to care for the people in question by at least a factor of two . 
  * the left and right can not agree on how to run the housing market , meaning that we 've got the combination of all the worst policies imaginable . 
  price controls , regressive taxes , little social housing , strong regulations for first hand contracts , but few for second hand ones , little private investment and so on ... 
  the queue for a single room apartment in a city is 3-5 years . 
  * as with many other countries the `` job creation scheme '' here is based on the idea of threatening the unemployed with withdrawn benefits if they do n't do everything imaginable to get a job . 
  since there are on average 30 people or so applying for each position , this has the effect of causing highly trained individuals to take on entry-level jobs , thus causing those without qualifications to be unable to find employment . 
  it does of course not create any additional jobs at all , since most positions are saturated with applicants anyway , but the `` morality '' of making people work for benefits is apparently more important than making the system work .
