  tens of thousands of refugees in balkan countries are desperate to get to germany . 
  they assert their dreams as their unconditional right , and demand from the european authorities not only proper food and medical care but also transportation to the destination of their choice . 
  there is something enigmatically utopian in this demand : as if it were the duty of europe to realise their dreams -- dreams which , incidentally , are out of reach of most europeans ( surely a good number of southern and eastern europeans would prefer to live in norway too ? ) . 
  it is precisely when people find themselves in poverty , distress and danger -- when we 'd expect them to settle for a minimum of safety and wellbeing -- that their utopianism becomes most intransigent . 
  but the hard truth to be faced by the refugees is that ` there is no norway , ' even in norway . '', 
  wow an actual sane voice for a change, 
  well i fail to see it either in new or the frontpage . 
  you know reddit has a system of telling people about duplicate submissions so i suggest you take a chill pill . 
  serious , what will happen if all the refugees decide they want to live in monaco ? 
  be nice to see the elites get a taste of their own agenda bullshit, 
  so much for integration . 
  when are people going to get a bit more heavy handed in europe about forcing these people to integrate not setup their own ghetto cities and chill out on welfare . 
  i do n't want to going `` i told you so '' when either another anders brevik appears or there is another isis terrorist attack but i 'm saving my own comment for future reference as one or the other will happen and soon . 
  the stupidest thing is people ca n't even see how much of a failure immigration has been socially , even in stockholm people are telling me to stay out of areas now . 
  the idea of helsinki being like that is just too much to handle even though i 'm starting to hear reports about some of the outskirts towns like vantaa . 
  there is no good guys in syria , where are all those delightful libyan rebels now ... righting with each other over control ? 
  same shit but different timeline, 
  exactly , i do n't see the eu willing to let any of the rebel factions in ukraine seek refuge and live here , in fact many who wet from spain to fight with the russians were arrested when they came home . 
  if you pick up arms and fight a government you are an extremist , does n't matter if you are on the `` right '' side or not . 
  more hyprocracy from the bbc, 
  meant to say in an anecdotal sense , when i people talk shit about refugees here it 's always `` them somalians '', 
  somalians are by far the worst here as well , in both an anecdotal sense and actual figures . 
  it 's almost as if they think they are pirates or something . 
  edit : a word, 
   just observe and give the viewers an objective report . 
  thanks for the laugh . 
  i seriously do n't know one single journalistic outlet i trust . 
  a few individual journalists i follow and that 's it , everything else you need to understand the bias of the publication to see the story . 
  back to where we found them , off the coast of turkey/africa, 
  wow i have to say that was some really good work and deserving of much more upvotes than it got here but take my delayed one . 
  as someone who takes an interest in such topics i really wish there was a way you could quantify who influences commercial media and how if at all it shapes the content they broadcast, 
  it 's not and neither are 80 % the refugees syrian, 
  witchcraft or i just assume google trickery where they access the article through an ip that 's given full access . 
  to be honest i 'm surprised content provides have n't cut down on it somehow as it 's pretty much destroying their attempts at collecting revenue, 
  meh i 'm too tired to argue , right now i 'm starting to think germany and sweden are more of a threat than russia so either i 'm needing sleep or read too many migrant threads today . 
   i know that you tend to take a pro-russia position , but i 'd point out that stability in syria does not entail assad running things . 
  it 'd also be possible to have an anti-assad faction running syria . 
  it may well need to happen considering many the military age allawites loyal to him have died fighting . 
  pro stability is my only preference and i do n't see any option better than the status quo , well actually in a perfect world i would prefer if both sides and factions could call it evens and redraw some borders as they stand now , it 's not exactly a new thing for that region either . 
  google the name of the article as displayed on the paywalled site . 
  follow or copy/paste the link presented in the search results . 
  yea you see if we use the most crazy words in every situation what do we have left for the times like you say when we actually need them . 
  yea it 's really not cool to call people trash , welfare shoppers is at least accurate but i guess this guy just got to the age where he can get away with the `` fuck it i can say what i want , i 'm old '' attitude . 
  then why are we not in your little `` lets fuck up the world club '' called nato . 
  the only country where there is any sort of effective anti american sentiment is here i believe, 
   200000 is nothing compared to what is to come . 
  exactly my point . 
  only we seen to disagree on the solution , let in 2 million and all you have is a fifth column to resist what eventually has to be done and that is close the border and enforce it if necessary . 
  your 're dead right , nobody is doing shit about this and we are the ones suffereing . 
  we need to draw a line in the sand , say fuck you turkey , fuck you america , fuck you saudi arabia i 'm mad as hell , assad is the only one who can keep the shit under wrap and we 're rolling over isis tomorrow, 
  they lost that solidarity when they lead the charge in fucking over greece and yes i know finland followed but believe me i have a long history of giving off about that here too . 
   200000 for finland ohhoo , fuck no . 
  that 's like the entire population of my city but 80 % men in their 20 's / 30 's hitler will rise before that would happen for the record the world has never been safer or more democratic then it is today . 
  source : http://www.pri.org/stories/2014-10-23/world-actually-safer-ever-and-heres-data-prove, 
   the main reason for the generally positive view on immigration is that we 're filthy rich . 
  germany has been doing very well for quite some time now , and people know it . 
  better rip off greece some more , or do you still think you are getting that money back ? 
  and here was me thinking germans were people who could plan ahead, 
  [ google referred link for those hit with a paywall like me  ( https://www.google.fi/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0ccaqfjaaahukewj6hvkphejhahuhexikhy1scli&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.wsj.com%2farticles%2fmigrant-wave-inspires-others-to-attempt-trek-to-europe-1441668591&amp;usg=afqjcneguxzkdpygb1kry7neudst_lkuvq&amp;sig2=k9nq9_xuszuqqr1t-my4ka ), 
   i just assumed it was a given in order to be a mod there . 
  but you are right , it 's one of the most fun subs just for the general feel of the place , in fact i should go there more often when this immigration talk gets too serious, 
   there is very little chance of someone making it to syria from europe without us knowing about them and then somehow getting back completely un-noticed . 
  fake passport and a new identity go a long way especially when there is no real pan european system for tracking such people afaik, 
   have you ever actually tried to buy a weapon on there or know anyone who did ? 
  thankfully no as i have no need for one here but the same simple ring of trust rules would apply i 'm sure and i have read reviews on forums of arms sellers who have been `` given the ok '' by someone in a position of authority . 
  in the context of this sub think of it as a mod saying i am who i say i am . 
  there is always the risk of getting ripped off but last i checked isis were n't cash poor either . 
   best subreddit to mod was / r/trees . 
  of course but as a mod of r/trees that means you have to a euroent right ? 
  actually r/euroents really should be a thing :(, 
  nothing at all , but one would assume its harder to network and find people you can trust to carry out terrorist attacks while under the watchful eye of big brother . 
  play devils advocate and think about it for a while . 
  i would also be very cautious about trusting people i meet in europe who show desire to carry out evil plans since it 's already happened where police have put assets into mosques trying to see who reacted to their advances . 
  put simply you are opening yourself up to so many more risks . 
  when someone makes it to syria you know they are * fo real *, 
  good point . 
  remember that adam lanza kid who went on a shooting spree in the states not long back in sandy hook . 
  it 's often and dare i say most often anger at society because you are an outcast that makes people carry out such attacks . 
  i can imagine how being a strict muslim and being not allowed to do anything the cool kids are doing is a great way to get there, 
  whats to stop a european isis member coming home on a fake passport which ' t it 's easy to get for the `` premium migrant service '' ? , whats to stop same educated european isis members training a team to carry out an attack in syria and sending them here as refugees ? 
  you do n't need a team of tech savvy people to setup such an operation , only one and that one can be anywhere . 
   iraqis and somalis have already relatives here , so it 's easier to come here , to syrians finland is quite unknown , unlike sweden . 
  seriously first priority when seeking to find refuge should n't be `` i wonder where my friends are '' seriously kills any chance of integrating in any meaningful way as well, 
  haha , no they are not , if they are on that side of the line then they are already subjugated to isis or some of the other extremist factions . 
  if they are fleeing from behind assad 's lines and damascus they either do n't want to get drafted into the military or just simply want a better life . 
  of course there is all different colours of shit and destruction in-between where active fighting is going on and it 's sure not as simple as you or i try to make out, 
  i do n't understand the question but you only have to look at the production values on isis 's videos to see many of them are pretty tech savvy and being tech savvy means you can often find your way into lots of places you should n't . 
  apparently china subsidizes the shipping/shipping company 's or so i read . 
  anyway the whole country is basically one big amazon . 
   good , now where do you get those weapons and enough ammunition i think it might be against the rules to post a link . 
   do you know big suppliers ? 
  nothing they cant organize from the safety of a country like syria/turkey that does n't give a fuck and safe from internet surveillance . 
  you seriously underestimate shitty networks of shitty peoples ability to communicate . 
  i mean do you know where to buy illegal passports ? , if no , that makes most non extremist refuges more savvy than you are in that regard already then since many have no problem picking up fake ones to get into europe with . 
  imagine what a few months making friends in isis would do . 
  where do you think the french train shooter got an ak and multiple clips ? 
   what do you do if your guy gets caught ? 
  we incorporate redundancy into the plans , one guy gets caught it 's no problem since there is no links to the rest of us plus when one weapons supplier turns out to be legit it 's a door to new and continued business . 
  it only takes one out of our cell of 40 to find a gun and who knows maybe we now have 40 guns  try the other 10 russian arms dealers with comical accents and funny hats two abandoned warehouses over ? 
  and now you are just being stupid,
