  to me it sounds like the best method of winning a united republic i 've ever heard of , either that or a sick tourism boost . 
  do n't expect logic and initiate from the irish leadership however , if anything they are the reactionary sort . 
   i think turkey is the only country in the world that still has a problem with it being called what it was . 
  do n't forget the usa in that , for some reason they think it was not a whole `` genocide '' dealy, 
  why would you think irish citizens do n't have unrestricted access to the uk and vice versa ? 
  i have no idea what you meant by that comment, 
   the northern europeans use ruthless business and political tactics toward others , but their secret is that they respect themselves and promote integrity at home this is more and more true i 'm afraid , and do n't forget the swedish refugee guilt that comes along with it . 
   your post sounds a bit `` anti intellectual '' . 
  i ca n't tell if that was intentional or not . 
  that 's funny as a scientist i prefer to use reddit in my fun time to discuss topics i 'm admittedly not expert in but that 's the fun of it . 
  your friend on the other hand seems to be all work and no play . 
  damm you make me think the place is some sort of nightmare waiting to happen now . 
  i kind was hoping if they got the right sort of publicity they would get the right sort of people but unfortunately the libertarian idea of equality falls flat on it 's face from day one because as we all know individual power corrupts . 
  i would n't be so hard on saying it has no economy prospects , again if they got the right people who 's skills complement each other they could work a very viable community/digital and even tourist economy however if some self professed libertarians ca n't decide if they should tolerate gay people or not i do n't hold much hope . 
  i do n't buy too much into the libertarian idea either , in fact i 'm a vocal sceptic most the time , that said i guess i 'm also a scientist so i have no problem trying something out for the sake of an experiment . 
  if anything at least if it later broke down we would soon have examples of some `` no true libertarian '' arguments come about . 
  i will follow this with interest though , funniest thing is i think the one thing they read right now is some strong leadership , something most are no doubt opposed to, 
  thats a fair thing to say but at the end of the day reddit is a general discussion board not a soap box for my sourced pro ttip enlargements either . 
  if over half my comment history was pro russian arguments most here would have no problem calling me a rusian sockpuppet so why hold others to a different moral standard . 
  if you were a budding rocket scientist my advice to you to not worry about preaching the awesomeness of rocket science on reddit but go and discuss it in a circle of your own peers . 
  chances are it will be a lot more beneficial to your career and the science as well . 
  put simply there is a line between being really enthusiastic about something and outright trying to convert people at every opportunity . 
  it will be like venice but with more mosquito 's, 
   anyway , that 's not what discouraged me but the fact that these people had an agenda damm that 's a real shame , somehow when first read `` no communists '' i got the same feeling as well but still nothing to stop another group making a real counter-claim  i 'm sure reddit could muster up some [ sort of fedora clad medieval army to fight it out ] ( https://youtu.be/oggtiu2pjsm?t=25m14s ) but seriously when i think about it nothing about this makes sense . 
  to begin with in the beginning is this whole thing owned by the founder guy and everyone will just be the equivalent of serfs ? 
  how can they decide how , who or under what criteria land should be given to `` citizens '' ? 
  cool idea but if anything right now it has better potential to pan out a good long game donation scam than a real nation . 
  well that 's how paid shills are supposed to work , does anyone here really think thesis is just some guy writing an international relations thesis or whatever and just happens to have time to sway every argument on reddit that pops up regarding ttip ? 
  the amount of campaigning this guy does must take actual hours of his time every day and i refuse to believe someone who is so into free market capitalism as this guy would also be such a terrible capitalist and give away their time for free . 
   the ec released a bunch of documents informing about what 's going on why ca n't we/they/a third party audit the papers and give us all a summary . 
  given how trade deals of the past have not always had the advertised effect i do n't exactly trust the ec 's bullet points, 
   the czech republic already signed up to the euro . 
  now it 's only a question of when , not whether . 
  or they could jut decide the eu is a waste of time and quit, 
  is it illegal to make people aware of publicly available information ? 
  and no i 'm not worried if someone goes an tp 's ( or ** tt ** ip 's hue , hue huel ) her house and she gets upset over it . 
  this is what happens when you let srs types get too much say . 
  put some pressure on a politician `` literally isis '' meanwhile videos of ukrainian politicians been thrown in dumpsters is upvote worthy material because `` dem russians '', 
   1 ) they are forcing a sale not nationalization , that 's still the state inserting itself in the affairs of a private business for political reasons is it not ? 
  my point is i do n't want to see the power of the state when it comes to knowing what 's best for private business and commerce, 
  * ability to no longer nationalize oil fields under ownership of private foreign firms . 
  ##### # justttipthings, 
  what a ridiculously uneducated and ignorant comment . 
  i suppose you think qe policy 's are capitalist cheat codes . 
  well in that case they deserve the title of `` pussies '' overly pc pussies at that, 
  good old / r/europe down-voting inconvenient facts once more, 
  holy shit , that reads way too much like modern day libertarians and given the same circumstances 'll bet they would react in the same way . 
  `` this is my private property and it 's just natural that resources move to the more virtuous , typing and poor people need to work harder , now give me your land '', 
  interesting fact , when asked what other country he would live in if not finland , soini replied , ireland . 
  i read this in some `` weird facts '' page , the guy is also one of a minority of catholics in finland and travelled in ireland for a while so maybe that has something to do with it . 
  wtf germans , where were you ? 
  i keep reading germany is acting like israels puppet in europe these days , a european `` usa vote in the hole '' so to speak, 
  `` do n't rock the boat '' and caring for other peoples sensitivities over common sense seems to be the moto of the 21st century unfortunately . 
  what 's worse is people are afraid to engage with each other over any sensitive issue these days so in the end they just remain paralysed unable to act or form an opinion became of what someone else might think of them . 
  to me it 's ridiculous and embarrassing for any society to stick it ' fingers in it 's ears shouting `` la , la , la , ca n't hear you '', 
  here here, 
  thats a fair point , noise to signal ratio and all that, 
  well to me it reads like you are inventing reasons why keskusta * will * be bad while making excuses for why kokoomus * were * bad . 
  `` not their fault , damm parties they were teamed up with '', 
  oh please if you ca n't defend your own views with fact and reason wthout resorting to censprship there is probably somthing not quite right with your own idealogy . 
  usury tends to pay well, 
  tnx , ive had my own run it with some of the more facist mods so was curous to know what was up their arse this time, 
  damm son , can kiss that goodbye soon no doubt . 
  i have some figures that show if we all did n't discriminate between the days of the week our gdp would grow as everyone getting paid less actually means coorporate olligarchs make more money of us and that 's good overall / s, 
   regarding problems with moderation out of interest what drama did i miss in the latest chapter of the devidreiss tyranny ? 
  i 'm pretty sure power hungry and undemocratic mod 's like this one only do that so if it ever gets to / r/all they can accidently delete the submisson and resubmit it with a lower score gaming reddit for their respective agenda 's ( which always seem to be in a certain uscentric direction ), 
  do they pay time and half in your ttip shill pr dept sundays as well ? 
  oh wait why would they , standards are satan , got it . 
   you 're not here in the czech republic . 
  you do n't see it first hand . 
  as useless and invasive as facebook is it 's very good for keeping in touch with people in other countrys so yes i do see and hear first hand how opinions have changed over the last year or two . 
   every government does it . 
  is n't that the question though , `` who is their government ? '', 
  if the eu is the one their kids are being indoctinated by, 
  can you fix the xbox app as well , i think i 've managed to watch a via through it like never . 
   the pro-russian protestors oh please , this pisses me off about people here now . 
  the anarchists i know in czech republic have been protesting the us military machine for decades and now they are suddenly called `` pro russian '' by the media and useful idiots on the internet for no good reason . 
  you can be against the usa and russia you know . 
  i for one am happy my antifacist friends there made peaceful protest and hope they cont be bullied by the polarised masses that seem to have adopted a george bushesque `` either with us or against us '' line http://afed.cz/text/6062/anarchiste-proti-dragounum, 
  as a european i do n't really see the difference between neo conservationism and the koch brothers style of libertarian which to me boils down to `` remove all the regulations so i can make more money '' i recognize the differences you pointed out but in the end both are far right ideologys that seem to support a toxic brand of capitalism that advances the interests of big business, 
  i would think no less of a koch brothers sponsored neo conservative think thank to say protecting domestic food production is a bad thing . 
  but here 's the thing , farming in all developed countries needs help to compete with cheaper imports from developing nations otherwise what are you going to do , let the land go wild again and import the food from the third world ? 
  nothing is going to change that and it 's the price we pay for food security . 
  also farmers in the developing world might then get higher prices for their produce but ordinary citizens will also get higher prices . 
  then you have europe left in the precariously exposed geopolitical situation where it ca n't feed it 's citizens should others decide they do n't want to sell us food anymore . 
  would you really feel safe knowing all your food comes form thousands of kilometers away ? 
  in the end all the cock brothers as i call them would produce is less food in the world than there is already and more starvation if they got their way . 
  how do organisations like greenpeace , wwf , amnesty international live ? 
  funding and donations but in such a way that they do n't dictate their policy and agenda, 
  people like me do , politics should attract the same kid of people who are attracted to charity work , philanthropists who are interested in giving back to society and not power hungry people who want to better themselves . 
  politics would be better if all money was banned . 
  yes lower prices are bad if it 's at the expense of the producer who makes a tiny fraction of what the final product sells for . 
  you wont be once again when you figure out who all the faces are , 
  proper anarchist or libertard ? 
  in the system we do current live , quota 's do have their place in helping curb the destructive nature of capitalism however, 
  yea i 'm not laughing . 
  [ just makes me think of this ] ( https://bobbiblogger.files.wordpress.com/2012/01/trickle-down.jpg ), 
  quota 's and subsidy 's are not the same . 
  also loss leader selling and greater bargaining power by big supermarkets has made sure farmers barely get paid for their milk anyway . 
  all hail the glorious european factory farm as that is the only thing that will survive this and shittier animal welfare for all .
