  i dunno , i 'd assume someone who has been cheating on their partner might already have some good excuses/be a better liar than me . 
  if i ended up with my e-mail there and my wife seen it i 'd just straight up say it was from years ago and i was single at the time , the fact i 'm l\u00f6oking for people in relationship to cheat with might not reflect great on my character but it 's not some terrible sin either . 
   `` the credit card was registered to this post code . '', 
  i 'll bet my crazy ex was up to this , you how she 's trying to get revenge on me '', 
  i do n't think anything should be censored but i also think wikipedia is gone to shit . 
  saying we are better off not using wikipedia is not an endorsement of censorship, 
  what news subreddit would you recommend then ? 
  going by / r/undelete / r/news is far more censored so does n't leave much options does it, 
  how about when this becomes a finnish sub, 
  i already seen it all over the / r/worldnews threads on the issue . 
  these people were dumb and used your official/main e-mail to join a site dedicated to helping people cheat . 
  on the upside it might make people think twice about using better privacy online, 
  no , like actual primary sources dimwit, 
  clickbait headline if i ever seen one . 
  considering how the standards on wikipedia are totally gone to shit and how admin accounts are being sold to pr companies for cash we are probably all better off not using wikipedia anymore as go to primary sources of information instead . 
  cue the sjw 's blaming the hackers for exposing am 's fraud and not the company who failed to take action when faced with the threat of releasing the info . 
  to the silly people who would kill themselves over such a thing as your e-mail being registered on a webisite , it 's called plausible deniability, 
  here you go . 
   is there a way for stocks to rise consistently and not be a bubble ? 
  yea , you adjust for inflation , p/e values rarely lie as well . 
  if you were to follow this hart through to today we are none the less reaching and overvalued point . 
  well out of all the european nations germany is probably the one with the most exposure to china so when things go south they will feel the effects hardest too . 
  add in a germany recession to already weak periphery and i think you will find people will run from the euro rather than toward increased centralization . 
   interesting that also the usual safe haven gold fell too - even if only slightly : `` gold , a haven for investors during volatile trading , slipped 0.6 percent to $ 1,154.09 '' gold has been on the decline ever since china underwhelmed everyone when they announced their updated gold holdings . 
   the 604 tonnes increase did not exceed analyst estimates and the price of gold fell on friday to its lowest since 2010 . 
   `` if you like gold , the fact they bought it is a good thing but it 's not bullish in terms of the scale , '' said leon westgate , an analyst at icbc standard bank . 
   still , the data means china has now overtaken russia as the sixth largest holder of gold in the world , after the us , germany , the international monetary fund , italy and france , according to the world gold council . 
  the us has gold reserves of 8,133 tonnes . 
  whats even scarier is the gains of 2015 can be mostly attributed to cheap qe money and stock buy backs so either banks and invested interests keep throwing good money after bad or this is the end of the seven year cycle and beginning of the real downturn . 
  nothing has been fixed since 2008 but hey [ this time it 's different \u2122 ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ox2h3ya.png ) edit . 
  and the [ dow jones is down almost 1000 points on open , s&p down 10 % ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bbxjtzeblmi ) as a contrary investor waiting nearly a year for this turnaround i need more popcorn . 
  i stopped buying italian olive oil a long time back as much of it is supposed to be fake  you , as most of us , probably lost your innocence long ago regarding the virginity of italian olive oil . 
  between counterfeiting , organized crime 's control of production , widespread technological fraud , dodgy distribution -- it 's all been made increasingly public as new scandals surface year after year . 
  a word of warning , last time we got the french to build a new reactor it cost three times the money and time . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant#cost in fact russia/rosatom just wont the contract to build our latest one , partly becasue of how much of a fuck up that project became, 
  a rare upvote from me , cherish it, 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , germans are weird, 
  if only this was in russia we could have a full blown hate thread going about how stupid macho air shows are reckless and bad technology ... everyone dies, 
  everything i 've seen you write has convinced me you 're a pr shill . 
   buzzword  < buzzword  < appeal to xyz , 
  well yea , it totally stands that repression and stamping down on dissidence does n't work and often produces the opposite effect . 
  from what i see the best parenting comes from economic investment in sound idea 's based on market forces . 
  my brother does a great thing with his kid , like most the kid is stuck in tablets and games half the day so instead of taking the technology away he lets the kid play with the linux box which only had graphics and development programs installed . 
  from what i see kids pick up photoshop ( or should i say gimp ) amazingly, 
  do yo always say it in a borat voice as well ? 
  once you have to start bribing your children you 've have already failed at parenting , soon every little thing becomes a drama to win more candy concessions form you . 
  realpolitik applies so much in parenting it 's not even funny , must always put on a strong exterior and only give concessions where both sides gain . 
  refugees buying chocolate ... next they will tell me they were fleeing that god awful stuff americans call chocolate . 
  fucking crusaders i hate them, 
  [ 420 upvotes , dont bogart this thread now ] ( http://i.imgur.com/l3srzhi.png ), 
  yea everything within limits . 
  the balcony thing is touchy becasue as a smoker it 's such an enjoyable place to sit with a coffee and i do n't like the smell nor do i smoke inside my apartment either . 
  that said , it 's romanticism like that that keeps me from quiting which i would like to do someday soon . 
  til, 
  * terrorist attack , like a proper one . 
  * government/elites now has a good reason to watch everyone and everything as well as cheap labor . 
  win/win * ordinary people get f 'd in the a once again for their good intentions . 
  society becomes dog eat dog as real * meanwhile throughout all of this real important shit like ttip gets buried in all the illegal immigration news talk . 
  * everyones lives progressively that little bit worse . 
  sorry if that sounds grim . 
  unfortunately my slightly more positive outcome is basically that sweden becomes a lesson for us all and years of finnish `` shield '' jokes will be forgotten as we mourn our swedish bros. 
  well there are many of them here , i think the rule is if a majority of residents in a block vote for it then there is no longer smoking on balcony 's in the building . 
  still if i pay for an apartment i sure as fuck expect to be able to smoke in it . 
   i see plenty of people in eastern europe rightfully concerned about russia . 
  i doubt you see them since you are american and do n't believe everything you read on the internet , but hey i 'm not here to 1v1 you and i told you my impression on the ground here and since you do n't seem to be interested in answering the points i raised i ca n't get the motivation to commit more to this exchange you might not be wrong about the apathy in western europe but thats where the power and influence is so eastern europe has to learn to suck it up i guess, 
  ohh nice deflection , and no i 'm not pissed about anything . 
  i 'm more interested in why you spend your time on reddit provoking nearly everyone you communicate with . 
  it 's much more interesting than anything i 've come across in a while . 
  you seem like the kind of person with borderline personality disorder , the type of kid that kills small animals , you also seem to have a worrying affliction for jewish conspiracy as well like the kid who beats up `` gays '' and turns out to be gay all along . 
  here is some advice , go outside and stop being so concerned with other people and their behaviors like i just stopped myself from doing just now as it 's not good for the soul , but thats just advice i 'm not here to unduly influence anyone , 
  better build the walls now then, 
   but i was wondering about how they happened to hear the gun being cocked in the toilet , since the trains do make some noise trains also make clackety clack noises that sound just like a gun cocking as well . 
  would n't be surprised if it was mistaken, 
  t-100 ca n't comprehend open ended questions it seems . 
  shame . 
  lets try again , who are you programed to demonize today ... muslims ? 
  russians ? 
  anyone who questions mainstream narratives ? 
  failing that . 
  who is your daddy and what does he do ? 
  * general voter apathy about war , * do n't give enough of a shit about what is assumed to be a corrupt country most would rather was n't in the eu anyway , * causes more problem than solutions . 
  * '' crimea was pretty much russian anyway '' viewpoints take your pick , do n't forget there was a war much closer in europe not two decades ago . 
  from my pov the average american seems to care more about this than the average european , i mean when was the last time you seen a european leader give a john kerryesque , john mccain like rable rouser talk about ukraine . 
  in general we are just nodding our heads and going '' ok so more sanctions then . . fineee '' and for sure nobody here gives a shit given the fact we share a border , you might call it desensitization based on the fact russia has always been right there and always will be . 
   why do you need to defend the totalitarian mass murdering state of ussr at all ? 
  why do you need to repeat the same meme over and over again ? 
  you sound like a record, 
  no what you are is an actual troll , `` putinbot '' / `` whatabout '' is newsspeak and why exactly do you spend nearly all your reddit life shitposting in subreddits like / r/conspiracy / r/islam et cetera trying to rise people into responding to you ? 
  you are clearly not muslim , you keep posting flamatory stuff on muslim subreddits , you keep throwing out these anti russian memes and typical meta contrarian ( ugh you belong in / r/conspiracy * tips fedora ) behaviors . 
  if anything you 're the fucking one to be suspicious of m8 becasue that is classic * bot * behavior right there http://snoopsnoo.com/u/hulagukan, 
   you end up supporting something that is clearly worse in the process . 
  europe can deal with russia alone , europe ca n't deal with the usa alone . 
  for someone who really dislikes the usa it 's logical to root for russia . 
  i am indeed but this time [ i was thinking of a different british sit com ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w3-i1qrcxae ) without a doubt british sitcoms are the best thing they have gifted the world despite the fact they 're all obsessed with pedophiles . 
  then 100 % chance they will call you a ` pedo ' afterwards . 
  how a culture can lack any culture apart from cringe is beyond me, 
  ok so basically your typical sheltered person who probably has some kooky random aspects to their personality . 
  well it 's pretty much this : http://i.imgur.com/r847nuf.jpg so i 'll let you be the judge but i think not . 
  think of every token american junk food and thats pretty much what the `` american section '' i do n't think of it as very american just food we associate with americans , brownie mix , pancake syrup , marshmallows for some reason , pop tarts . 
  i pick up a can of vanilla cola there once and a while but i must actually take a picture and post it to this sub next time i 'm there in a `` whats in the american food section in your country '' post '',
