  i know many just migrate around europe stealing shit as they go so maybe things have changed but i have no desire to keep them hanging on any longer and thankfully most people do n't give them money here either, 
   ah yes , the good old racism card when people are being critical of you . 
  so it 's ok with you if we have a day where we all post pictures of hucknosed jews running the ecb then ? 
  i 'm happy to pay my taxes as it pays for all the vital supports and infrastructure my state needs . 
  what i do n't like is some trojan horse state , letting apple/facebook/twitter operate digitally in my country but not hire workers or contribute in any way , by definition how they operate is to be a parasite on every eu digital economy, 
  looking at the street corners around here in summer it seems most romanians left for a summer of begging before they got the memo, 
  so apple should be able to pay 1 % effective tax rate everywhere while i pay 40 % , yea that seems fair alright / s, 
  you are 100 % correct about the short term policy 's but man you were such a dick about it . 
  also considering the uk acts in just the same way regarding middle eastern wealth and cash box houses i 'm not sure someone form the uk is the correct position to judge . 
  from what i see every anglo country has something `` money grabbing '' about it . 
  they are not about good society anyway but more `` i got mine '', 
  are you some sort of enterprise ireland shill or just in love with ireland 's tax haven status . 
  the reason big it is there is twofold 1 . you have no data protection measures worth speaking of so in other words gave big data like facebook , twitter and so on access to every eu citizens private info under shitty non existant irish law 2 . race to the bottom tax haven economics , there is a good reason i 'm seeing job ad 's for native finnish speakers to join facebook for positions in dublin and it 's because you make it profitable for them to suck jobs/talent and good paying jobs at that out of other countries where they naturally would be based with better pay and conditions . 
  the only reason they are there is it 's cheaper and you are lying to everyone if you say apple pays 12.5 % tax , last they read their `` special arrangement '' meant they paid more like 1.25 % , if even that , i ca n't speak to the pharma side since i 'm not in that industry but the it side of it is a scam every other eu nation should be outraged about, 
  famine does exist in capitalist systems and the captains of industry in the uk used it as a tool of genocide in many situations to advance their own ends . 
  the famine and millions they killed in ireland springs to mind . 
  you sound like a fanatic mentalist with your rabid hate for communism , it 's almost laughable if i was n't concerned your wellbeing as a person, 
  a hahaha , why do all libtards write in the style of machines . 
  it 's as if all forms of empathy were just non existent at birth, 
  well yea , in most places when their government actually obeys a mob and says they will agree to host early elections what would have been over a year ago now it 's generally seen as a workable compromise . 
  you first then mr keyboard norris, 
  ukraine is done already , get over it . 
  russia will secure their half of the country and well can all go back to business, 
  sorry but ukrainians deserve everything the west is allowing happen and they should be happy we even supported their picnic on the square given all the trouble their unwillingness to wait for fresh elections has caused, 
  insurance to cover up to 50k has been mandatory since the euro 's introduction iirc . 
  the iou 's part could be up for debate though . 
  damm was hoping it was my favorite crimean prosecutor / r/nataliapoklonskaya, 
  chances are that haircut will still only affect deposits over 50 or 100k as in cyprus so the average person should be good . 
  i do n't see anyone with only a few thousand in the bank losing money , they may by means of devaluation eventually though, 
   my assumption is that this would simply be ignored . 
  yes but remember old dave will only leave you alone so long as you do n't break the law or whatever the creepy shit he said to that effect was . 
  i do n't see how that will ever work in europe though , hell even americans still classify themselves by their national or ethnic roots whether it 's italian , irish or african americans . 
  yea but when some people love a coffee chain more than their country it 's a bad sign nobody is giving a shit anymore and that 's when bad politicians tend to get elected and bad shit goes down . 
  if everyone took more of their interest in the running of their nation there would be much less corruption anyway , of course there are bad signs to nationalism/patriotism but you take the goof with the bad . 
  the bad side of liberalism and the self centered society is people care about gay people being able to get married than whole countries being invaded . 
  i was mostly joking but i can say i admire the willingness of the german public to pay through the nose for green energy while business in germany is allowed to continue polluting with coal on their behalf . 
  some of it is admirable , some of it short sighted , some of it seems like bowing to business interests subsidized by populism, 
   the regime oh please do we really need to resort to doublespeak conventions here now when referring to the russian government . 
  le german sense of superiority behold . 
  tbh i think you guys just suck at nuclear waste disposal rather than being some sort of green leaders, 
  with the way the greek media behaved in supporting the yes vote and acting as a propaganda arm for big financial interests i think if anything the government should have been more biased toward the no site just to keep the balance even, 
  ha , you must be smoking something . 
  nearly every twenty something i know has a worse opinion about the wider eu integration than the thirty somethings mainly because they have seem more if the `` benefits '' of more immigration and and more unemployment . 
  no thanks only germans and to a lesser extent some eastern european states seem to be that self loathing regarding their national identity . 
  doing erasmus just made me appreciate how we all are different at heart, 
  a sense of community and belonging is what made most nordic states what they are today so i 'll keep my nationalism thanks very much epically when the opposite seems to be turning yourself into that very special kind of safespace liberal utopia that 's made populations too afraid to protest for being afraid they might offend a policeman . 
  it almost feels sometimes like i 'm watching the self censorship generation grow up . 
  our lady also had two arms and a bigger booty as well . 
  ha ha , literally selling whiskey dick and the solution to whiskey dick . 
  thanks your post reminded me it 's been nearly a year since i took mdma , got ta still take care of that this summer . 
  i love how you state `` too unfair '' regarding illegal immigrants . 
  nobody in europe want 's any more moochers in society when europeans are unemployed , i 'm quite involved in the left and i 'm sick of fighting with people over this easy to understand topic every day . 
  it 's almost as if the left in europe is trying to asphyxiate itself . 
  it 's become obvious this sort of migration where people do n't want to integrate but simply want handouts is incompatible with the principles of community and solidarity the left stands for . 
  if anything they are a fifth column to aid the right wing movements . 
  so no actual arguments then just vague sterotypes ? 
  well if that guy gave the impression of being a calm level headed bloke who respects her freedom to choose for sure i would go for it because if he acts up i got the moral high ground and he looks like a hypocrite and gets physical the lady will be like `` see i told you he was really like this '' of course if the girls is a bit of a money grabbing type i might not think it 's worth it but hey that 's just my opinion as strong independent finland who takes no shit from no man and pays for half the dates xd, 
  ahahhaha , says the guy who posts military propaganda to this sub all day long . 
  it actually makes me happy knowing how angry it must make you figuring out your `` evil russians '' narrative does n't play through to real life, 
  yea , that 's your tax money that you nation state has pledged to the imf , in fact every member state in the imf will just be bailing out greece in the case of another imf loan of course it 's mainly the financial arm of the western economic industrial complex but it will make or break countries to keep them in the fold , it 's quite sickening really, 
  i love when people say `` the next downturn '' as if there was ever an upturn and since you ca n't bailout a bailout this next crash will be what we should have really had in 2008 but `` bailed out '' i just hope i do n't have to wait two years , the us markets already look like the topped out and there ca n't be any more qe without markets realizing the fed 's posturing about raising rates is all just a lie . 
  i have never used a ron paul gif in my lifetime as i 'm waiting for the one time it will be applicable, 
   even in the unlikely situation syriza wanted to turn to russia , russia knows the gloves are off if that happened . 
  what do you mean `` the gloves are off '' ? 
  there are many counties that play all sides and remain loyal to none and as far as getting what you want it 's one of the best ways to behave and if you do n't believe me look at the girl who dates everyone but goes stable with nobody , they always have the best lifestyles, 
  yea and that 's my point in effect we do have a minimum wage as these agreements cover nearly every sector of the economy that is not slave labour like certain farm work , berry picking and so on but yet mr swedish reddit or is acting as if we do n't have a minimum wage when in reality there is . 
  if i 'm not allowed to hire waiters and serving staff for as low as they are willing to work then we do have minimum wages, 
  a wise voice in the sea of anti russia , nato fear mongering campaign . 
  we shall rain neutral buddies together sweden, 
   nah we 're celibate , like a village priest who everyone think is gay but is just very camp . 
  tonight i 'd like to thank / u/fmn2014 for the perfect setup for a british so must be a pedophile reddit comment . 
  uk is definitely a bottom though, 
  there are `` no minimum wages '' and typical wages for an industry . 
  the same is true for finland but if i say i will work that job for half the price of the other guy in the interview it wont get me very much further . 
  same is true for supermarkets , i ca n't just walk into k market and say i 'll work for $ 3 per hour , fire the chick on the till on hire me as you would be wasting money not to . 
  or is sweden somehow different ? 
  i post on / r/ukranianconflict ( or at least i used to , / r/ukraina has been vote mass upvoting/downvoting there on many occasion with the links back to the posts on that subreddit encouraging it shared, 
  you could have answered his question about minimum wage instead of simply stating how you are above them , ( also the lack of minimum wages in scandinavia is often used to abuse foreign workers and farm workers ) an average unskilled labour wage is the same as a typical minimum wage and even if slightly rude he has a point , if i was getting paid 684 euro per month and being asked to pay tax on it , i 'd probably try and avoid it too , necessity of the mother of invention . 
  what about three , four or five ? 
  what about `` it 's then only wrong when we are against them '' fallacy, 
  i actually put one in the balcony of my apartment as well . 
  flags have become a thing for me since some idiot complained about the palestinian one i put up during the week long massacre by israel . 
   we do not have one . 
  nor do we have the euro . 
  so you live in scandanavia then , how much is the minimum wage for lowest paid jobs like cleaning or newspaper delivery ? 
  you knew exactly what he was asking but chose to avoid it . 
  here in finland for a 39 hour workweek the minimum you can expect to take home is about 1400 euro . 
  feel free to check these numbers for shit jobs on moi.fi now what does the average cleaner get where you are ? 
  clearly you missed the gem of a fearmongering campaign the british government and their media outlets ran during the scottish independence campaign or the times ireland rejected referencum such as the nice treaty where the government simply said `` wrong answer vote again and read all this propaganda first '', 
  my skepticism mainly arises from the fact / r/ukraine or / r/ukranianconflict would then be the obvious place to host this guy given how they are more active and more popular if you are trying to deliver this to a more mainstream audience . 
  / r/ukrania has a bit of a stigma attached to it regarding brigading and has a clear agenda in that regard so i have my concerns this is legit and what standards will be upheld . 
  lets just say i have this uneasy feeling like the one you get when you see a homeless guy buying booze, 
  why is it not on r/iama where it can be properly verified that this is who you say ? 
  r/ukrania has a particular reputation for brigading and vote manipulation so excuse me for thinking this is another of your propaganda attempts . 
  again how is this guy verifying himself and i 'm assuming the dude does n't speak english so who is translating . 
  again i would be very skeptical of this given where it 's hosted . 
  that subreddit has about as much social credit as r/coontown and that 's before we talk about the time op made a bad job pretending a rocket hit their balcony . 
  edit : mobile typo but yea the fact this is not being hosted on / r/ukraine or / r/ukranianconflict makes me doubt this is serious . 
  r/ukrania is basically / r/summerreddit for angsty ukrainian teenagers, 
   instead you became a slave of ignorance .
