   doubt many of them would even know where to buy weapons in europe . 
  eh have you ever heard of the darknet ? 
  i could buy an illegal weapon tomorrow if i wanted and have it by next week . 
  and yes western muslims are pretty savvy with that sort of internet culture with many many second incomes running illegal child porn/carding and other such sites centered around illegal activity . 
   what 's really funny here is that this sounds more like a `` class '' issue , rather than one of immigration . 
  good point i never really thought about it like that, 
   i trust in our intelligence services to keep our butts safe enough to go about our daily life without a plane dropping on our heads ok tell me how you are going to protect yourselves form this . 
  while in syria me and my isis buddies set out to coordinate an attack on european soil , we have yet to get weapons/explosives so obviously there is still a bit of organisation to be done on the ground . 
  while there we setup a tor/onion forum which we can use to plan and further coordinate while on european soil , these sites can not be indexed and since we do n't need to recruit nobody can find it or our plans since we are already a tight knit bunch of syrian jihad 's and we do n't need to worry about double agents since we are in syria . 
  all that leaves is sourcing the weapons or explosives needed for the attack , i 'm going to guess it would be a hijacking or taking control of an landmark building of some kind since muslims buying large amounts of fertilizer will raise flags given they do n't fit your white farmer stereotype . 
  the only point our plan can be foiled is if security services manage to stop the weapons sale but being the smart jihadist 's we are it really does n't matter if they catch one of us since there is no way they can link to the others since we already formed out unit outside of western intelligence 's reach and of course it does n't matter if we lose one or two members of our unit in this final planning stage . 
  after that we chose the place , maybe eu parliament and let rip , with 30 people maybe we even take the whole building hostage die hard style . 
  see and that only took me five minutes to brew up . 
  i would probably say on a weekly/bi-weekly basis . 
  i got to know quite a few in my circle of friends through my university years and through extended circles since then . 
  funny enough it 's the same immigrants who came here through proper channels who share my concerns about refuges who do n't integrate and create a toxic atmosphere toward all immigrants in general as a result, 
   and why is that ? 
  i 'm genuinely curious . 
  / u/hardly _ lolling said it best . 
  i also think the complacency would kill the culture of conscription which i 'm in support of, 
  then count us out, 
   they will never learn the western culture when they only hang around with each other . 
  i think the integration system is very flawed . 
  serious question , have you ever not seen them only hang around with each other , somali 's in particular ? 
  outside of university i ca n't count more than four of five instances of immigrants mixing with locals , even your presumably ` integrated ' kebab store owners and so on by and lard stick to their own . 
  sure , but only if denmark and norwary agree to ditch nato after we join since it wont be needed then . 
  i 'm not in support of nato and neither is most of finland, 
  eliminating subsidies is definitely not the way to go , but these subsidies should first and foremost be directed towards farms that use environmentally-friendly practices , produce organic products and , of course , value animal welfare highly , offering a good life to their animals in case of those that use any . 
  farm size is secondary to this , but yes , if we get to it , sure , small ones should get ( proportionally speaking ) greater subsidies than larger ones . 
  and at the same time those owned by individual farmers , families or communities should receive way more than those owned by corporations . 
  eh i do n't see anyone being put in danger there , if the guy in he tractor wanted to run people over he would . 
  if the police wanted to get out of the way they have all the time in the world . 
  in fact i call that the perfect line between protest and civil disobedience which is necessary in any healthy democracy, 
  unfortunately i have to agree with everything you see , i 've even see attitudes to our own welfare state change in that regard over the past decade . 
  it 's like you say , people have no problem paying into a system that they feel benefits their own but the more and more they hear of people and especially immigrants who are statistically more likely to abuse it ( because why would they have pride in a system built up by others ) the more the native population decides they are better off without it . 
  multiculturalism is simply not compatible with a welfare state , now that does n't mean we ca n't have people move here but it 's why proper assimilation is a must and can not be comprised on . 
  i guess the swedish elite just give up on the idea of the welfare state and decided to burn it to the ground rather than tell the people it 's done . 
  fair enough but i guess democracy also entails those who are unhappy with it also have the right to express their dissatisfaction as well, 
   the farmers themselves wanted no milk quota . 
  well that 's a lie or at the very least a subjective view . 
  maybe where you live that was the case but in many member states it was not welcomed  end of milk quotas ` will hurt small farmers ' `` europe could see more factory farms with 1000 , 2000 or even 5000 cows , merely providing raw materials for the industry '' source : http://www.euronews.com/2015/03/31/end-of-milk-quotas-will-hurt-small-farmers/  milk : end of eu quota heightens uk farmers , the irish republic , the netherlands and germany are all expected to increase production sharply . 
   but uk farmers have said it could lead to further falls in the price they receive for their milk . 
  the european commission believes the changes will not bring back butter mountains and milk lakes and says china and other international markets are hungry for european farmers ' produce . 
  source : http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-32136218 so yea maybe it was welcomed in the netherlands but that does n't mean it was everywhere then there is also the fact that chinese market failed to materialize plus nobody expected the russian market to be closed . 
  so yea you are leaving out the fact farmers have been spun a story of `` prepare now because milk quota 's are ending , borrow money , expand , increase efficiency '' and you should be no better off or no worse off thanks to being able to produce more but admittedly at a slightly lower price '' instead what seems to have happened is the entire bottom fell out of markets with milk prices halved and markets like china and russia not there . 
  sure you can say tough luck but i believe were only following best advice, 
  i 'm admittedly not an expert on market forces but think i have a good grasp on it so here 's the thing i fail to see how subsidy 's are really that good of a thing for farmers when it 's the retail chains and the middle men that have control over the prices they pay the farmer . 
  subsidy 's or no subsidy 's the farmers should not sell for less than they can earn a profit on , from what i see the biggest beneficiary of subsidy 's are the consumer since it means farmers are driven down further on price and the biggest losers are third world country 's who see their domestic agriculture wiped out by cheap eu imports . 
  i do n't have the solution to fix this but i do n't like how farmers are getting shafted right now , i also do n't like how company 's like monsanto and other gm seed producers keep pushing high yield gm products which will only lead to further over production and therefore take the supply/demand dynamic further out of farmers control, 
   do n't have the margin you want ? 
  stop selling together . 
  prices will rise if most farmers do n't sell anything . 
  name me a business that does n't expand or operate in some part through debt based financing and think about plunging commodity prices can put you in a debt trap that forces you to sell below cost just to keep yourself afloat . 
  hint : it 's happening in the oil industry in many places now too, 
  you do realize most modern farmers have been encouraged into taking on lots of debt in order to expand and increase efficacy through economies of scale and then the same production efficiency come back to bit them in the ass when everyone jumps on board the same productivity train and then you have a country full of farmers engaged in a race to the bottom to not default and lose everything . 
  essentially it 's more like a sub prime debt crisis for most dairy farmers right now but hey fuck those guys who never even get a holiday right ? 
   the supermarket chains have far more bargaining power than the farmers . 
  and you do n't see anything at all wrong with that dynamic , i do n't support boycotts but i do hope farmers use this crisis to better collective and take back some of the power for themselves through proper co-op 's and so on . 
   `` give me or i do bad things ! '', 
  what you do n't like the free market when people are free to not sell you their things for less than the cost price ? 
   let 's reduce the agricultural subsidies by the costs of the police operation + city cleaning . 
  and what if farmers collectively say `` fuck ya 'll can starve then , we have enough for ourselves and our family 's '' unless they have been put in a debt trap ( which many have ) that could backfire big time . 
  i 'd say knocking out the hydraulics would probably be the safest way to disable it . 
  the hoses are usually pretty exposed too since they tend to need replacing quite often . 
  of course that would just mean it can only drive in a straight line , come to think of it there is no real way to stop a tractor in that position charging straight for a police barricade bar taking out the driver and even then it could be on cruise control so that could be even more dangerous since then nobody is in control . 
  water cannon is probably the best bet, 
  i did , got told one was covered , which i have to agree with then i see self posting is completely disabled ( pending mod approval of individual posts now ) it 's not my sub , mods can make whatever rules they want but i thought transparency was something they were at least embracing now . 
  maybe i was wrong since after many hours it seems my self post was approved . 
  so then would you agree germany with it 's own special lack of worker status should stop telling the rest of europe that does have unemployment problems to support thousands of working age people when they ca n't provide jobs for their own people ? 
  well thanks for the chuckle but do n't feed the trolls, 
  so then i just assume the realpolitk stance that the west stands to gain more from the downfall of assad and you are ok with that even though it most likely means less stability and perhaps another clone of the libya situation ? 
  for me i ca n't stand country 's meddling in the affairs of nations and assad is the lesser evil , like you i 've been following this long enough to make up my mind so there is probably no point in us arguing in circles here, 
  dude work on controlling your rage . 
  i can hear you slamming the keys from here, 
   nice conspiracy theory . 
  merkel wants `` mindless drones '' to fill a non-existing gap in low-skilled positions who are n't members of labour unions even though both merkel and the cdu actually support labour unions . 
  you really think it 's impossible peoples generosity and will to do good would be taken advantage of by captains of industury / s let me give you a direct quote then :  `` if we can integrate them quickly into the jobs market , we 'll be helping the refugees , but also helping ourselves as well , '' the head of the powerful bdi industry federation , ulrich grillo , said this week . 
  source : http://www.france24.com/en/20150906-german-industries-make-economic-case-welcome-refugees now i 'm not trying to support their right wing line on this but it 's undeniable these people wont play a part in the european race to the bottom and that 's why a leftist like me feels i need to put aside the moral case and focus on the potential rise of the right at home . 
  yea sure assad was the literal cause of all thing bad and i heard he punched a three legged dog last week as well / s not everything is black and white and the west shares blame in fomenting dissent there as well, 
  yea i did agree when i seen it myself , that said i was disappointed ot find out in the process self posts were silently banned at some point with no discourse, 
   framing anti-immigration as a workers ' rights issue is an incredible pr coup from the front national . 
  anyone who has tagged me or people who see me comment here regularly know how i love talking about propaganda and general media and mass manipulation of people and to me it 's incredibly obvious that the right wing is going to benefit most from this and like all good propaganda there is an element of truth to what they are saying . 
  consider this article from france 24 which is essentially proving their point but without the right wing spin : [ as thousands of refugees arrive every day in germany , calls are growing louder from business leaders in europe 's biggest economy to offer them jobs . 
  ] ( http://www.france24.com/en/20150906-german-industries-make-economic-case-welcome-refugees ) the right wing like national front believe there is a media war being waged and believe it 's within their right to twist facts and misrepresent things even more to try and level the playing field so to speak . 
  then again seeing how the bbc blatantly lied about that guy who pushed his wife and baby onto the train tracks saying it happened after a scuffle with police it 's my opinion this is an actual media war that will continue , people will become more polarized and european values as a whole will suffer as a result . 
  this is why i maintain the view i 'm a leftist ( more of the labor union/lgbt/welfare state/equal rights/anti war variety ) who pragmatically has to oppose this mass immigration just because i see it bringing the * real * european left to it 's knees simply because the right stands to gain more from public concern over immigration when it comes to basic propaganda and we see them starting to bring the traditional left working class voter into their fold . 
  and if you do n't believe that just look at the sort of max max style videos gaining traction on youtube [ end times : europe crumbles under the devastating impact of mass immigration ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9c4rvz5sthe&amp;feature=youtu.be ), 
  apparently it 's already covered by an article on the frontpage . 
  standard policy now it seems , and do n't bother trying to make a meta post asking mods to clarify the situation , all self posts are seeming banned and auto removed now, 
  that 's the most sickening thing i 've read all day, 
  me too considering this news is literally coming from the usa 's own propaganda outlet . 
  look up the history of radio liberty if you do n't believe me , it was directly funded by the cia all through the soviet years and only now have they obfuscated it through the ngo route, 
  well in that case we share the same views then , i think the reason the makers of these kind of videos take it to such extremes is because they see mainstream media backing one horse or being very biased to the other side of their `` media war '' so it 's within their right to twist facts and misrepresent things even more to try and level the playing field so to speak . 
  then again seeing how the bbc blatantly lied about that guy who pushed his wife and baby onto the train tracks saying it happened after a scuffle with police it 's my opinion this is an actual media war that will continue , peopel will become more polarized and europe as a whole will suffer as a result . 
  this is why i maintain the view i 'm a leftist ( more of the labor union/equal rights/anti war variety ) who pragmatically has to oppose this mass immigration just because i see it bringing europe ( as a whole ) to new lows . 
  then germany should stop asking other countries who do suffer form persistently high unemployment to take more of these migrants . 
  what you are setting europe up for is class warfare, 
   what truth ? 
  are you talking about the video ? 
  that 's straight up propaganda .
