  we need more / b /, 
  leave snoop alone !, 
  i noticed that too , epically with yahoo news and sometimes the guardian but usually the url stub will still contain elements of the old title . 
  one good way to undo your seo work though, 
  yea now that you put it like that it makes perfect sense . 
  i mean they pretty much broke the floor as maintaining it was a futile exercise so they cut their losses before qe kicked in so to speak, 
   so . . no one will be rally the masses , i guess . 
  i 'm holding out for ttip and hopefully that will be an opportunity to vent a lot more frustrations too, 
  i do n't even get why you did n't use the original title which was much more sensationalized . 
  ** russia 's ` tin pot despot ' putin ordered spy 's london murder , uk inquiry told **, 
  maybe i 'm economically illiterate but why would the swiss central bank hold 74 % of it 's reserves in usd and eur when it knows the frank will soar after they cut the euro peg . 
  they knew what they were going to do since they made the decision to do it but for whatever reason they did n't hedge themselves against it . 
  in a way i 'm looking forward to the upcoming anarchy with ttip just down the road because the inevitable social movement that will fight to block it will be some serious stuff in 2016 and will make occupy look tame . 
  at least after that i 'll know for sure what stage of fucked democracy is at although currently i 'm pretty sure my fears will just be confirmed . 
   the servers of netzpolitik.org which leaked the docs are down . 
  well before getting pitchforks it 's also likely they could be getting hogged with traffic after this became public . 
  funny the rest of the site is working fine though, 
   i suppose it 's better to create conscious brings and force them into an even worse economic context . 
  not necessarily , it 's the job of the state to ensure they encourage people to ensure population replacement population and make child rearing something that wont bankrupt you . 
  or at least thats how it works here , were not exactly at full replacement level but i rarely hear people mention finances as the biggest barrier to children, 
   `` strongly encouraging '' children to leave home once they turn 18 seems to be e more of a us trend nordic too but i think in some part it comes from the welfare state mentality . 
  `` right we raised you to here , go to college get a student flat and student money and go live your life '' kind of way, 
  thats probably how you become germany with a declining population, 
   can someone explain : why ? 
  why ? 
  becasue politics is saying one thing to get another more contraversial thing done . 
  looking through the bullshit filter i can see cameron wants every single * citizen * to authenticate before having access to the internet ( and of course he will be logging everything you browse ) saying `` we need to make sure people who watch porn online are 18 '' is one of the more possible ways to sneak this sort of thing in without 90 % of the population seeing what he 's really up to, 
  germans will you * please * open your eyes to what you have become and get mad about it somewhere . 
  first they made it a shame to be proud of your nation and it 's history , then came the corporate takeover and now comes the time to shut up and do what you are told . 
  there is a long history of the german media being infiltrated by the cia , nsa spying on your leaders without repercussion and it goes on and on . 
  please i just want to see some of your get a little patriotic and maybe even a little mad but please do something becasue if you have n't noticed you are leading this thing called the eu right now and the rest of us do n't want to go down this path . 
  wait should n't this be in the megathread !, 
  yea thats one sure way to make europe lose support for ukraine, 
  unintentionally the latter there i 'm afraid china abstained, 
   so what happens if i insult the spanish police from outside spain ? 
  i guess thats what you could call solidarity . 
  i really hope all the spanish abroad are ripping on them 24/7, 
   we are always the center of attention !, 
  yea swedish jokes usually revolve around your homo side alright . 
  a finn would never use that exclamation mark . 
   sadly not surprising ... what about china voting the same ? 
   russia 's foreign reserves have gone from $ 500 billion in the beginning of 2014 to less than $ 360 billion now yes and read my other comment in this thread ... they have been basically stable to rising all through 2015 hinting that the 50-60 dollar price range and a rouble or around 50 - 60 to the dollar is ok for them . 
  i 'm not saying it 's great but it is a stable situation they can keep going for many years now it would seem . 
  created as a clone/hobby project by some guys in spare time . 
  became a realistic alternative during the boycott/talk of reedit becoming digg 2.0, 
  http://voat.co/v/europe i 've started putting in time there . 
  well we could just go to https://voat.co/v/europe, 
  such an * obvious * honeytrap now i got to check / r/darknetmarkets to find out where and who the seller was to get the full scoop, 
  nah , they do n't badly need hard currency but they are indeed doing this to stretch out their reserves . 
  their reserves have barely been touched this year . 
  they are just doing this as russians are already in war mode and willing to sacrifice their purchasing power . 
  when you get paid for oil in usd and pay your workers in rub why pay them more than you have to . 
  for the russian govt getting 60 rubles to the dollar instead of 40 is a bonus in many regards : staff costs are 50 % less i go into it in more detail with sources in another comment in this thread, 
  rumor has it russia did n't support that deal for nothing in return and why would they . 
  if anything they are best placed to secure nuclear energy projects in the country , either that or talk has it there was a back-room deal of sorts done over ukraine  there have long been suspicions out there that the united states and europe might give ukraine up in exchange for moscow 's support in securing a deal to curb iran 's nuclear program . 
   additionally , washington has been seeking moscow 's backing in securing a managed , orderly , and negotiated exit for syrian leader bashar al-assad , which would go a long way toward ending the conflict in that country . 
   and over the past two weeks , speculation has intensified that some kind of quid pro quo has in fact been reached with putin . 
  it began in earnest on july 14 when u.s. president barack obama praised moscow 's role in securing a deal to curb iran 's nuclear program . 
  source : http://www.rferl.org/content/ukraine-as-a-bargaining-chip/27157301.html, 
  except they have literally being buying dollars to keep the value lower for the past few months in order to strengthen usd reserves and make sure they do n't burn through reserves too fast . 
  russians got used to the low ruble and unfortunately for them they are going to be kept used to it * international reserves million 's usd * * 31/01/2015 : 376,208 * 28/02/2015 : 360,221 * 31/03/2015 : 356,365 * 30/04/2015 : 356,005 * 31/05/2015 : 356,770 * 30/06/2015 : 361,571 source : http://www.cbr.ru/eng/hd_base/?prtid=mrrf_m in fact going by these numbers russia seems to be break even at this years oil price and a rub/usd rate of 60:1, 
   state-controlled nexter and privately-held kmw have been in exclusive merger talks so it will be state owned or some private company with part ownership by the french state ? 
  do n't forget trident submarines that are in danger of sinking any day now with missile tubes used as gyms, 
  i guess you could call me a nationalist and anti eu but that sentiment really only comes from the fact i see the eu as a lesser entity to the nation i live in meaning the eu is lowering our standard of living to the nations to the south and southeast of us . 
  then there is also some of the redicilous immigration policy we are forced into adopting where just the other day 40 or 50 `` migrants '' mainly from iraq and syria arrived off the boat from sweden into turku . 
  how did these people get on the boat , surely they paid the fare as sneaking on those things ai n't easy , is sweden now pushing off their unwanted on us ? 
  when the idea of asylum is you get away from war and get refuge in the first safe place you find why are these people traveling 1000 's of km across the eu to claim asylum here . 
  what people wont say is that these people are moochers looking for the best deal , i mean i 'll probably be called racist now but when a country has 10 % unemployment , ca n't even give pay subsidy to get more of these into work becasue of the numbers and then we have the great eu telling us to take people who clearly are only here for the welfare then i know we are better off without any eu . 
  and now i see i 'm ranting , i try to keep it coherent but the fact is this emigration thing is only a big deal and everyone has something to say but it 's obvious many , many of us want the eu to take a different path and close borders . 
   you 're telling me that there are many people in finland , where the median household income [ 2 ] is 23,702 eur , who would ** go to russia 's far east and live in the wilderness for five years ** in exchange for something probably on the order of a few hundred dollars , certainly less than two thousand ? 
  i think the people who would want to go would be people who put emphasis on the russian wilderness part , it 's pretty hard to buy land as a foreigner in russia and well if we were allowed this would be one hell of an adventurous way to put down roots there . 
  but yea economically speaking it 's a waste but not all millennials are so obsessed with money that it 's their prime consideration, 
  would have been more impressed if they just went full [ call of duty advanced warfare ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sfu5qxmuaju ) and told it like it is in the voiceover . 
  in my head i was hearing team america world police . 
  i guess i just could n't believe they were marketing it like this in real life . 
   sure , but in this case it 's a separate issue . 
  if the original contract was the result of bribery it 's not going to be enforced in an isds tribunal . 
  proving bribery can be very hard especially when it comes to successive governments that have a `` i wont say what you did but you do n't call us on our kickbacks when and if we lose our power '' at least when it comes to grand coalition governments like we often have here i can see where there is motivations to not rock the boat too much . 
  not saying it 's always like that but there is often motivation to keep the status quo unless you are a fresh party free of any bad dealings in the past . 
  i 'd like to answer your other points in more detail but largely speaking i do agree with what you are saying so considering the time of night i 'll agree to let it be . 
  i wish we could have perfect non corrupt in any form govnerment but unfortunately i do n't think any nation has reached that level yet and thats whats scares me about private interests getting too much power in a non un-corruptable govnerment architecture, 
  eh it may not be a dictatorship but if you have n't noticed there has pretty much been a corruption purge going on there over the past year . 
  it would be fair to say ponta and company made a lot of decisions in their own interests and not in the nations interest so yea i 'm pretty sure many should be tore up, 
  and yet you ca n't see how bribery of elected officials to gain preferential treatment on those contracts could ever * conceivably * be an issue ? 
  i suppose making all govnerment/private sector contracts public and open to auditing by the losing bidders and public would help since if you lost a bid it would be in your interest to point out how an opposing bid might be bad for the public . 
  who know i 'm not in that business but i 've sure seen a trend of bureaucrats being lulled into bad deals either by backhanders `` sure my bid was more expensive but i 'll buy that house you were selling in turkey for doubt the other guy '' or just plan old incompetence since sometimes these people do n't have the skills . 
  things like ttip go far beyond what you are saying , with that you may well see future public services curtailed becasue they * could * cost private business to lose money so do n't dare build a better public road next to my toll road or do n't dare build a new public hospital either . 
  / snarkyness and sarcasm aside you could say something along the lines of liking other cultures and people ( even married to someone from abroad ) but recognizing that when our society ca n't provide jobs for the people that are here it 's irresponsible to try and care for any others becasue then you actually get nazis . 
  but hey i guess being a realist does n't figure on your shit scale or maybe you can cook up some other kooky theory, 
  kind of insulting to the rats considering they were shown to make equally as good trading decisions as many bankers http://www.rattraders.com/, 
  hmm where can i be economically leftist , support the ideas of piketty , marx , varoufakis et al but yet be nationalist/socialist to the point i believe we need to halt all immigration/globalism so we do n't destroy the fragile social fabric that holds our democratic society 's together and give europe time to recover from the crisis and lost decade we just went through to calm the far right threat . 
  not here it seems as it seems you must be either all encompassing open the borders leftist or a literal nazi . 
   define `` big business '' time warner , walt disney , viacom , rupert murdoch 's news corp. , cbs corporation and nbc universal  that is at least six differing opinions and view points . 
  yes , at least the viewpoint of the six i name above but would n't their only true interest be their * profit motive * ? 
  so essentially bribery , so more essentially who lobbies the most for that limited commercial airtime , even more essentially this is how the us works : `` money equals speech '' news companies will not say things that go against their backers , that much i think we can agree on . 
  we might not agree on the level of influence us corporations have on the us govnerment but for me it 's about 90 % by this point as well considering how the lobby industry has pretty much taken over washington . 
   compared to russia 's one ... actually there is private foreign media in russia , the moscow times being one . 
  but yea i agree media and specifically media intimidation is worse in russia , americans are better at presenting the illusion of free media and discussion however . 
  i think that is the first time i went through more than a solid minute of cringe goosebumps/shivers . 
  so ... damm ... . cheesy,
