  many * conspiracy theorists * would say multiculturalism and support for mass immigration in the likes of germany is a way to break down nationalism by force since it 's hard to be nationalist in a multi cultural society . 
  maybe i 'm going too deep here but as someone who has traveled most the world it 's very easy to see your own ideology in action after you view it from outside and from multiple perspectives, 
  yea and i told you part of your specific argument is void since merkel has states she wo n't be seeking reelection anyway so she can be made the fallguy or girl . 
  unless some drastic geopolitical shift happens with greece turning to russia or china for money they will remain part of the eurozone and germany will pay up ... in my view, 
   so you 're only ok with some money leaving the country as long as it goes to other european countries ? 
  why ? 
  it 's still money going outwards . 
  oh right . 
  ca n't allow that money going to africa helping them . 
  despite many of my arguments against the way the eu currently works i consider myself a european so once the money is staying in europe it 's no different from fiscal transfers between states which i also support . 
  when the money is being leached out of europe to support nations that will only compete with us on the global stage and add nothing to our internal economy then no good comes from that for us . 
   this is hilariously hypocritical . 
  the took mah yerbs arguments is entirely based on feels . 
  well for me it 's based on geopolitics and geopolitics has no place for emotions . 
  any bulgarian , romanian is welcome to come here to take mer jerb but europe ( as a block ) first and foremost has an unemployment crisis which needs to be solved so we can secure our position in the world . 
  as long as we are declining relevant to other economic blocks on this globe the poor africans on their little boats can keep trying to fix their own mess at home . 
  `` we have raised capital becasue tighter regulations are mandating we keep a larger share of reserves '' does n't sound bad to me , it 's external and nothing they have control over . 
  the way they phrased it sounds like they need the cash but yea that gives me a bit more confidence in them but i still think they are massively exposed to the derivatives market . 
  greece is at fault for their past mistakes but not the ones since 2008 where they did their austerity and it was a admitted by the imf flop . 
  the mistakes of the future are on just as much on the eu/imf/ecb as they are greek . 
  oh and stop with the conspiracy bullshit , if theres nothing that annoys me more it 's someone who runs away from uncomfortable conversations with that crap . 
  greece leaving the eu will be about much more than the money . 
  and yet they will tell me there is no such thing as western propaganda ... sigh ultimately just like the religious believers out there most people are too scared to truly question their beliefs for fear they will realize they have been sold a lie . 
  what surprises me is that syriza have n't been more brazen in exposing this narrative , maybe it 's just not getting the attention in non greek media but i 've listened to many talks with yanis and tspiras and they always stick to the narratives rather than the ideology for two self styled `` tell it as it is '' guys, 
  merkel is not running for the next election anyway , has n't she already said as much ? 
  or did i totally read your comment wrong ? 
  thanks for that info , i 'm just a bit surprised they did n't communicate it better then . 
  i have a short position open on db for a long time now so if they want to restore confidence maybe they should work on their press releases, 
   yes , and they then feed on air . 
  or maybe they just send only a part and the rest is spent in europe . 
  and lest not forget the work they do also benefits europe . 
  does n't matter , 10 of them shaked up in a house paying minimal rent and eating rice for a month is still taking money out of the economy when they send the bulk of their wages home and yes many immigrants do live like that . 
  that job they earned the wages in would otherwise be taken by a native who would spend it here or even if the job was so low in your eyes that it was taken by an eastern european who would maybe spend some but also send some home to their native * european * country . 
  you can argue about the feels and doing the right thing but do n't try and argue the economics of it becasue i will come back at you every time with reality 's and that is when you send money out of a country that money is then not spent on goods and services in that same country . 
  next up , sources if that logic is n't pervasive enough, 
  germany does n't give two shits about the americans wiretapping the dear leader either . 
  in reality if the us tells germany to work with greece , her majesty will be forced to sell it to the people . 
  you tell the truth but i wonder how europeans feel about systemically destroying a democratically elected greek govnerment . 
  this sort of realpolitk is what out politicians try to shield us from all the time while we all wage stupid emotional arguments on reddit . 
   the article outright says that these people work in europe ** and then send their pay back home . 
  ** so when they do find work they take their wages out of the economy . . with double digit european unemployment we can seriously do without those type of employees who do n't add value further down the economy . 
   milan central and rome 's tiburtina station were left looking like refugee camps at times  the move followed protests from local businesses that the district was being turned into a no-go area because of security and sanitation issues linked to the presence of the mainly african refugees . 
   giorgio ciconali , a doctor working at milan central , told afp : `` there is a lot of scabies and it is being spread by them sleeping rough together , but there is nothing to worry about for people passing through the station . '', 
  i feel sorry for italians but they need to be firm with europe now and say no more of these people are coming onshore . 
  in reality europeans support them , the governments are the ones out of touch, 
  and that does n't scare you at all that ukrainians are provoking war ? 
   n in regards to nato is both infuriating and sad . 
      there is no such thing as `` neutral '' countries . 
  you 're only neutral for as long as the dominating military force allows you to be . 
  you are an easier target because you are if paradox entertainment games have thought me anything we can be aligned and have good relations with people without entering a formal military alliance , that way we wo n't get dragged into their wars or lose prestige when we we do n't want to help somebody else 's war of aggression, 
   db had to raise equity because of regulatory requirements . 
  as did other banks . 
  can you source that claim as i got their official press release here about it and it mentions nothing about regulatory requirements and i assume that would be a good thing to communicate for a bank in their position  the management board of deutsche bank ag ( xetra : dbkgn.de / nyse : db ) resolved today with the approval of the chairman 's committee of the supervisory board to undertake an inaugural multi currency additional tier 1 transaction . 
  each tranche is expected to be of benchmark size for the respective market and total a minimum of eur 1.5 billion in aggregate . 
   the issuance will be the third step in a co-ordinated series of measures , announced on 29 april 2013 , to further strengthen the bank 's capital structure and follows a eur 3 billion equity capital raise in april 2013 and the issuance of usd 1.5 billion crd4 compliant tier 2 securities in may 2013 . 
  today 's announced transaction is the first step towards reaching the overall targeted volume of approximately eur 5 billion of crd4 compliant additional tier 1 capital which the bank plans to issue by the end of 2015 . https://www.deutsche-bank.de/ir/de/content/ir_informationen_2014_4641.htm, 
  so should we not all be saying , thank you based greece for laying yourself down to save us all ? 
  why ? 
  what is incorrect . 
  i followed up many of the details in the time-line of events they present and they are corroborated by other legit sources, 
  i used to be the same way thinking well if it all goes to shit we can be happy with less in a a hippy utopia kind of way , the problem and worry is globalization and this `` debts must be paid at all cost '' attitude and what it has done to society in places like greece . 
  reality is there is enough for everyone and we do have this 1 % sitting on top that does n't was n't to relinquish anything . 
  on the upside at least we do n't live in the us and yea it really could be worse, 
  latvian stork, 
   i have this awful feeling dreadful things are ahead with our western finacial system ; it seems to be one jenga brick away from complete disaster , even worse than 2008 . 
  same here , too many things are lining up for a perfect storm but i 'll keep it short . 
  * possible and probably default of ukraine and greece * global bond prices spiking as the era of negative rates idea is destroyed : http://www.afr.com/markets/debt-markets/who-needs-fed-as-global-bond-rout-is-already-lifting-rates-far-and-wide-20150603-ghgblf * all gains in us stock markets for 2015 wiped out and looking like a five year bull market is topping out : http://i.imgur.com/bpxd0sm.jpg * record levels of cooperate debt and stock buy backs financed at 0 % rates , realistically the fed/ecb ca n't lift rates without killing the * `` economic recovery '' * but they have talked about it so long they have backed themselves into a corner . 
  the list goes on and on ... money velocity at fifty year lows , labour force participation dropping and so on . 
  put simply we have all been told we are in the middle of a recovery but it has n't been felt by the people on the street , there seems to be a bigger then ever disparity between what we are being told and what people will tel you . 
   you see that all over reddit too & it 's not hard to see the paid propaganda shills at work i do n't agree with you here , the `` shills '' thing has being going on for a long time and everyone does it , only now that it became convenient for western media to use to falsify the russian narrative has it all come to light . 
  if you do n't believe me i have an extensible collection of bookmarks built up now highlighting this . 
  for example a self proclaimed koch brothers shill even did an ama on reddit about it years ago but the media is n't interested when it is n't ruskies being ruskies http://www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/pku22/iama_former_koch_industries_pr_sock_puppet_ama/, 
  i think they have done as well as they can do considering all of europe and the extended financial system ecb/imf are aiming to make an example of them instead of fixing the issues . 
  more importantly ( even though it 's been difficult to bulldoze through the media ) they have succeeded in changing the narrative regarding austerity somewhat with many well regarded economists taking their side that debt forgiveness is necessary for growth . 
   but in the greek case the us bankers devised a special kind of swap with fictional exchange rates . 
  that enabled greece to receive a far higher sum than the actual euro market value of 10 billion dollars or yen . 
  in that way goldman sachs secretly arranged additional credit of up to $ 1 billion for the greeks . 
   this credit disguised as a swap did n't show up in the greek debt statistics . 
  eurostat 's reporting rules do n't comprehensively record transactions involving financial derivatives . 
  `` the maastricht rules can be circumvented quite legally through swaps , '' says a german derivatives dealer . 
  http://www.spiegel.de/international/europe/greek-debt-crisis-how-goldman-sachs-helped-greece-to-mask-its-true-debt-a-676634.html if it was the greeks feeding them the wrong numbers , sure i could maybe cut them some slack but they know full well what they were doing here . 
  sure they are just one cog in the machine of greed that is the banking system but i 'm pretty sure they made bank betting against greece in the bond market later as well . 
  yea that was it , what i meant by subsidy was that same extra supply would now be off the market . 
  uranium prices have been very low since fukushima and are only now slowly starting pick up again, 
  i usually leave zerohedge articles alone but this one seems particularly well sourced . 
  whatever going on in the world the rout in bonds has been pretty spectacular in the past weeks, 
  the us has very cheap power though , is n't it also * subsidized * in part by decommissioned russian weapons from the atoms for energy project, 
  and here i am waiting for the big short . 
   greece did fake the figures i love how nobody in this comment string mentions goldman sachs culpability in being complicit and doing the dirty work in said faked figures and the fact they now let the previous ceo of such a morally bankrupt institution later run the ecb . 
  if i went to an accountant tomorrow and asked him to fake my accounts for my business they would have a liability to inform the tax authorities but i guess normal rules only apply to us mortals . 
   i suspect this rapper dude will receive the same treatment , i hope so anyway . 
  problem is he 's just a one man dude who makes some shitty rap in his spare time while unemployed , if he is getting views and ad revenue from youtube it only encourages more extreme stuff . 
  i agree with all you say but i see it should have gone differently  most of the commercial banks in europe were playing the carry trade to extremes in those days , borrowing from the ecb and lending to national governments including greece . 
  they made the gains so they can shoulder the losses , i think the prevailing thought about why rates were low is becasue banks assumed `` well they ca n't let the euro fail , so this must be safe '' dangerous thinking but * partly * eu oversight too . 
  but if it 's an eu problem that means it 's not just a greek problem  the deposit insurance is 100k euros here in germany , but the insurance fund does n't have anywhere near the funds to repay the deposits that would have been lost by substantially all the commercial banks , if they had become insolvent , and they would have . 
  i agree but why have insurance at all if it wont cover losses , to me it reads of a scam and at worst completely misleading customers into a false sense of security . 
  for this same reason i only keep spending money in the bank and savings are in hard assets . 
  i would reverse the question `` what purpose did the bailouts serve ? '', 
  becasue to me little has changed and we only kicked the can down the road . 
  countries are now saddled with debt stifling any recovery and in reality the * western * eurozone is nearing a ten year depression at this stage .
