   a bank offers you money , and in exchange you pay back over time , with a little extra . 
  note the `` with a little extra '' on a 40 year average mortgage you will pay out more than double what you actually paid for the place meanwhile i 'm saving and compounding my money so i can buy a place when i 'm ready instead of getting it now and paying double for it later . 
  ramble on all you want but in the long run debt does n't pay unless you default on it and even then at best you got the loan of something for a short time . 
   china and other developing countries are right were the west wants them . 
  but not the imf who have been demanding the usa make reforms to the voting structure that gives china it 's fair share . 
  luckily the world is moving on without the usa as seen by the aiib and the fact the imf are adding the yuan to the sdr basket this fall . 
  the usa is greedily trying to keep the world paying to the same rules that were agreed at breton woods . 
   a person takes a massive loan to go to school for engineering . 
  upon graduating , the person lands an 80k job . 
  within a year he buys a car , and puts a down payment on a mortgage . 
  the person is about 300k in debt , but he has valuable skills , a house , and a car . 
  all in all , a comfortable life . 
  here is a stupid edge : a person is paranoid , and refuses to take on debt . 
  he works and studied full time , getting mediocre grades in the long run . 
  a stem field is to expensive for him , so he rolls with an arts program . 
  with average grades , he graduates and lands a 40k a year job . 
  now he lives in a tiny apartment , as he tries to save for a house and a car . 
  10 years later he has enough to buy a house . 
  you do know you can be as successful as anyone without getting into debt and get a good education , it 's called the welfare state and i 'm happily paying back my masters degree through taxation but it 's sure night to know i owe money that must be paid back . 
  interest is punitive , if one can do without borrowing they will always be better off , there is a serious and worrying lack of savers in the western economies right now . 
  instead of taking out a loan for a place i share a place with some other people and invest my savings until they are enough for a small apartment . 
  no way am i becoming a debt slave, 
  you clearly never heard of breton woods then , the globe needs a serious financial sit down and major debt right off 's . 
  china and other developing nations which have undergone major growth in the last 50 years are grossly unrepresented in the bodies of the major global institutions like the imf despite their now huge banking sector . 
   imagine if your bank called tomorrow and said `` sorry , but we are declaring bankruptcy , so all your belongings are gone . 
  you better start a new retirement fund . '', 
  as someone who refuses to take on debt , has severe and justified mistrust of the financial and saves via hard asset purchases i would love the banking system to go boom because i know it 's broken and i took the smart hedges to mitigate , unfortunately those who make bad decisions and expect banking welfare are the ones being catered for right now but there will be no bailouts when the next crash comes, 
  yes i would be ok with it defaulting as it should have done in 2008 instead of pushing the debt onto it 's people and exporting the inflation abroad via reserve currency status . 
  everyone worldwide has paid for americas default in 2008 already, 
  no it would n't you just believed the story the bankers sold you in 2008 . 
  in reality there would be a sit down as there was post ww2 , the us would lose control of the imf and the world would be a more even place on whatever form of new currency order was introduced ( assuming the dollar goes belly up with the default ), 
  it 's east top be happy when you are a progressive politician who only wants the best for his country as opposed to being one of the politicians who only serve the debt enslaving class, 
  yea , people can say what they want about some of the rednecks in that party soini has his head screwed on and would be a good finance minister too . 
  politically it would n't work though as some cuts do need to be made and works better for stubb to feed the austerity of finnish children to his kokoomus cult , they probably get off on it . 
  ha , it takes a lot to get finns on the streets but try and make this group of misfits any closer and we will revolt . 
  this crisis just served to prove a negative point, 
   is the northern european media and discourse around greece too one-sided ? 
  yes , here the media are just downright condescending now as if greece has no sovereignty of it 's own [ stubb : ** greece is not leaving the euro ** ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/stubb_greece_is_not_leaving_the_euro/8110322 ) although this is one of the few times i happen to agree with that blithering idiot, 
  and germans will panic as their precious savings will be devalued as they shed a single tear for the deutschmark . 
  printing money dilutes the total money supply and therefore weakens the unit value overall . 
   the left has pretty much always been about integration and internationalization . 
  some people would just prefer said integration to take more of a left-leaning direction than the direction eu is taking . 
  yea that 's the thing , as soon as the eu has started this crap of foreign policy i got immediately turned off by it . 
  we have enough problems within the borders of the eu without going looking for trouble in ukraine and elsewhere . 
  same guess with the illegal immigration , too much internal problems to be dealt with first , solidarity and social cohesion much be achieved at home first before we let more outsiders into our community . 
  sarcastic but you can always trust a german to not get the humor, 
  i guess i put myself in that bracket , i used to love the idea of the eu as a teen but in the last decade it just appears to me as unnecessary bureaucracy with little benefit and that it should go back to it 's free trade roots becasue outside of that every country is too different . 
  as someone who supports left wing economic and social policy and right wind immigration policy it 's often times hard to find someone to vote for . 
  i know lots of people in the same boat as well that believe in supporting their own people and building a good homogeneous society but wont vote left wing becasue of the beading heart `` open borders '' idiots that go way too far . 
  what in idiot that man is . 
  same guy who was saying lehman brothers stock was a great buy a few weeks before they collapsed is who, 
  capitalism with proper checks and balances and redistribution through taxation is n't the worst . 
  the moder corporate tax haven version of it is pure cancer however, 
  you sound like a proper union breaker . 
  the eu has done nothing for the cost of air travel ,, 
  they also made serious changes to their central banking model putting money creation under direction of the state over private lenders iirc, 
  iceland, 
  your subtle mockery does n't change the fact there are in fact a huge number of us who realize this neo liberal form of capitalism has failed and something more radical needs to to change , just look at how fast syriza , podemos happened and realise we are everywhere waiting for a glimpse of common sense to rear it 's head . 
  looking at your post history it 's obvious i 've run into some sort of serial neo liberal sock puppet . 
  * tell me where did the syriza touch you ? 
   any irish person who remembers how much it used to cost to fly to london should be thanking the eu every day . 
  ahahahahahhaha yea lets equate the eu with making flying cheaper for the masses . 
  right here, 
  assuming the status quo that is at thread do n't make life extra misrible for them * as they have been doing since syriza got elected democracy in europe is a sham , all nations as equal ( bullies ), 
  sounds like bad value to me , devaluation holidays are the best , i did all my christmas shopping in st petersburg for more than 70 % off compared to finnish prices, 
  oh so you just want to twist and turn and have a good complain about greece then but i 'm not interested in entertaining you for that . 
  the question seems very simply and no greek default technically does n't happen for weeks after they miss a payment . 
  that is just more posturing by the imf and co, 
  you mean supporting the democratic choice and the fact it 's not right to play politics like the * institutional * opposition who wo n't support it out of spite to undermine syriza, 
  let me guess , you 'll now try and associate syriza with the nazi 's , oh my fucking lol . 
  the amount of reverse russia going on is crazy . 
  * `` there 's nazi socialists \u2122 in greece '' * the imf is n't invading a sovereign state they are just * advising * them what exactly they should do so they do n't get destroyed by us . 
  maybe that 's becasue in many cases pensioners are literally the only income earners and end up looking after their kids and grandchildren, 
  thats a pretty smart move , i decided i 'm going to go on my holidays there as well to do my little bit in helping them out . 
  if there is a shortage of euro 's thats even better for my wallet, 
  i think all of us have decided we will settle for our own island to be repopulated with liquorish ice cream and bad beer . 
  i had not thought of paypal , that would work for now until th accounts are eventually restricted, 
  reserves are typically used to back currency and give `` faith '' with the euro countries ( this is just from memory so i could be wrong ) had to commit their reserves to the euro . 
  so if greece was asked to commit their reserves to back the euro then ... ?? 
  in such a small market cap commodity any surge of interest is sure to push the price up extraordinary . 
  i do n't know any method for the average person to transfer money right now into bonds or stocks after they just come back from the bank machine and seen it was empty unless you can suggest something ? 
  all i 'm saying is i can go on bitcoin.de and make an instant transfer with a trusted seller there in maybe 20 minutes . 
  in fact i just bought one btc there now thinking it may get a bit of price action on the greece panic, 
  i just realized greece has a sizeable enough gold holding for a country of it 's size , 32nd largest in the world . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gold_reserve that makes me question , did n't every country signing up to the euro have to commit some amount of reserves or something to that extent . 
  is greece still liable to what it put into the euro if it later leaves or can it get it 's money back so to speak ? 
  yes but in an environment where you ca n't get hard currency it works well as it can cross borders invisibly when dollars or euros are banned . 
  excluding all the hype bubbles it 's actually been more stable than most major currency 's in 2015 and for sure less volatile than the rouble :p, 
   would you really feel comfortable converting most of your money to bitcoin ? 
  short term it would n't bother me , it 's been just as stable as any other currency in 2015 and compared to a new drachma it will be better . 
   i would convert most to another hard currency and maybe just a little to bitcoin capital controls mean you wont be able to convert to any other hard currency be it dollars/euro/yaun , amounts may be restricted or at least thats what happens in most scenarios . 
  even if greece defaults euro will still be a common currency for a long time thanks to tourism . 
  in such a case i would go out and buy petrol , or other imported product 's that would get more expensive in a default situation . 
  either that or buy bitcoin / iban transfer to a friend outside greece, 
  we should all holiday in greece anyway to show solidarity, 
  well i can only say it 's good you have a vote , no matter what greece does i have a feeling it will be unpopular with many people . 
  at least doing it democratically means the people have spoken and there is less likely to be mass protests . 
  i only wish we had a chance to vote on bailouts, 
  hon hon, 
  if you want some less reactionary commentary and an actual technical view of events i suggest [ reading the comments on this same article from / r/economics ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/economics/comments/3b8tiy/greece_will_hold_referendum_on_controversial/csk5b2w ),
