  username checks out . 
  i agree entirely with what / u/orionmcdonald is saying , welfare * moochers * are one thing that kills peoples faith in the social state and unfortunately the stats show if you are a foreigner you are more likely to live off welfare . 
  i do n't want that to be true but i also do n't want to see it kill faith in a good thing we got going . 
   it 's stupid basically , that 's why i consider it a bad argument and why most reasonable people should realise that . 
  sorry but the facts speak for themselves , immigrants are more likely to be unemployed here and so the more of that problem we have the less people want to support a good social state . 
   that 's a pretty bad idea , because you need immigration , just like all countries do . 
  unless you want to go full qatar and be some kind of quasi-slave state , which purposely treats immigrants like second class citizens . 
   not sure a western democracy should be doing that . 
  i did n't say foreigners ca n't become citizens which is what you are trying to make it seem like i 'm saying . 
  i 'm in full support of immigrants who earn full citizenship being given basic income as well since those who earn citizenship are obviously interested in long term future of the nation . 
  being a full citizen only requires you live here ( i think six years , learn the language and do n't have a criminal record ) not too much to ask i think . 
  well then read away to your hearts content . 
  http://www.stratcomcoe.org/ in particular [ countering propaganda : nato spearheads use of behavioural change science ] ( http://www.stratcomcoe.org/newsandevents/news/2015/5/12.aspx ) the `` i do n't want to believe '' seems to be in full effect with you however, 
  i do n't see why it 's not a good argument , i have seen a real change in attitudes toward social security here in the last decade . 
  it 's tuning from supporting it as you are helping other finns to i 'm not sure i want all these immigrants coming here and not working while i prop them up . 
  if i was to really speculate i could say that 's why the rich and powerful love immigration since it breaks apart social cohesion in society . 
  i would support basic income only being available to finish citizens and not residents if it were rolled out as in reality thats the only way people would support it . 
   ill pass in finland is if the income is very low . 
  this would n't threaten the unions as much and you 'd still need all kinds of welfare schemes for poor people , meaning that welfare workers would n't be laid off . 
  it 's such a shame the main honest criticism of this is how it might negatively affect a bureaucracy that does n't need to exist in the first place, 
  no it 's not considered unethical , nato have their own setup in riga in case you are interested , manipulation of the `` online narrative '' is something they have been interested in for a long time, 
  such a british response * `` dem finns are paying dem to do nuffink now '' * it 's almost as if it 's the british dream to live off welfare the way some people in your country goes on about it and constantly demonizes it . 
  source : we get uk trash tv here too , too fat to work , too lazy to work etc, 
  good summary but do n't forget the biggest threat ttip, 
  anyone who is n't on the russia hate train is a shill and should be downvoted accordingly, 
  funny how they show the rescue of two kids and a woman first of all but yet the actual breakdown is much different . 
  appeal to emotion ? 
   there are now around 519 migrants on board the eithne - 401 males , 98 females and 20 minors . 
  i wish we had gadaffi back , the net result would be less lives ruined that much i can say, 
  or we could just support a mix of nuclear power and renewable sources . 
  i get what you are saying but my particular gripe is with germany shutting down their nuclear plants and pushing the cost of renewable energy onto consumers while business is free to keep using coal et cetera . 
  i am not on board for that approach , why should i suffer now while business can pretend the problem does n't exist yet, 
   how europe is n't or was n't involved in iraq , afghanistan or lybia ? 
  believe me i had lots of negative things to say about those wars too and you only have to look at the results to see all the good they did . 
  energy here is quite cheap at $ 0.15 / kw i prefer to keep a pot of coffee on the boil all morning as it often takes more than an hour and many doses to properly wake up some days and rather not have some bureaucrat enforcing energy efficiency rules on me . 
  if they want to do that make it an * option * for the more eco conscious of us who do n't mind wasting more of their time . 
  forcing someone to buy a product does n't make anyone love the enforcer, 
  yes but is n't it just obvious europe would get behind poland and the baltic states in such an event . 
  my consensus and that of those around me that they are different things . 
  to me it 's obvious at least the eastern part of ukraine is geopolitically and historically more in common with russia than it does with europe . 
  they have every right to strive and be more european but russia has more influence in that area and we ca n't just jump to conclusion that they are now out to take over parts of the european union becasue of a spat way outside the backyard of europe . 
  it might sound cruel but i 'm glad europe is n't getting militarily involved in the conflicts of others , the association agreement thing was one thing but actual fighting is another and they should let it be now . 
  maybe it will happen when someone needs to rescue sweden from their immigration policy , 
  i mention them in other replies but when it comes to germany their bureaucracy , their schizophrenic energy policy that hates neuclear but wants the consumer to pay double for renewable while forcing coffee machines that turn off if you do n't drink the stuff in five minutes down everyones throats ( this is a pet peave ) then there is their copyright and gema , immigration as a solution instead of promoting families and he a lesser extent they seem to lack pride in the nation state and prefer market solutions to what i think should be state affairs ( to the detriment to the nation states surrounding them because pandering to international business and lobby groups is what gets investment now ) . 
  france while not so bad seems to be developing a problem with it 's new surveillance culture, 
  the uk is it 's own kid of special . 
  yes and you are in nato so strictly speaking you have nothing to worry about . 
  russian hardliners use stuff like that to further their own ends but in reality nato lines ca n't be crossed, 
  geopolitically speaking it was n't until some people proposed that it was recently . 
  please do n't downvote me for for stating cold truths, 
  this is the information age not the post ww2 age , to to take over poland russia would have to depose all govnerment , kill or remove all resistance and install their own govnerment to make it work . 
  simply not possible but i 'm all ears if you can propose a way they could make it work ... . resistance and inability to control communications and the population would make it too difficult and eventually the cost would take down russia itself . 
  yes it really is , they totally and utterly lack the means to do so . 
  oh and the soviet union was an economic and ideological powerhouse capitalizing on countries already ravaged and destroyed by war . 
  i say this with all respect , stop letting your fears ruin your ability to think logically, 
  * `` english speaking it jobs '' * me too ... 
  there seems to be quite a few , i wonder is the the availability of dank buds attracting talent ? 
  have you every considered the more logical explanation that russia does n't want to invade a foreign cultures that want nothing to do with it ? 
  in reality if we stay out of their affairs they will stay out of ours . 
  just realized i 've never seen a luxembourg flair on here or else they are hiding behind french or german flags . 
  either way i can imagine them being eaten alive . 
  no , believe it or not doctors take an oath to save lives . 
  reducing healthcare coverage to `` you get what you can afford '' stands directly against that principle . 
  * monitoring intensifies *, 
  it 's based on a lot more dumb regulation than that but internet is relevant becasue here we are , i could talk about how they want to make my coffee machine turn off if i do n't drink it right away or how more powerful vacuum cleaners are bad even though i will now just take me longer with a weak ass one . 
  http://www.express.co.uk/news/uk/471336/eu-issues-coffee-pot-regulations so they keep cranking out ( what i can only assume is german inspired ) energy saving stupidity pretending to be all progressive but on the other hand are stupid enough to ban nuclear power and push up their own energy prices to the point this is necessary . 
  sorry but you have all the influence , germany seems to be leading the charge on destroying net neutrality and internet regulation in europe now to match their own crazy model and france is busy coming up with a nice surveillance state for us all . 
  the removal of roaming charges we were promised kinda evaporated pretty quickly and probably only served as lobby bait so someone could get a sweet paycheck . 
  as long as germany and france are the biggest influencer 's and their policy 's continue to get shittier and more police state like , a big nope from me . 
  a few years ago i thought germany was ok and i was pro eu , now i changed my mind and i 'm more a sceptic , funny how that works, 
  i do n't think there are any rules regarding insider trading by nation states . 
  seriously there is n't , realistically all people can do is go to war . 
  to put it simply ... . . this . 
  add to that the fact most their debt is actually owed to their own people via savings and pensions and not foreign creditors so basically unless they devalue too much via qe and make the people mad enough to overthrow them it will all be fine . 
  considering how placid the japanese are this is why it does n't matter , that does n't mean all is well there either though , it just means the government is stable . 
  i often look to japan to see what the future of the us and europe will look like , they have been on zero percent interest rates since the 90 's hoping the economy will kick off and flirting with deflation ever since but given how we like to protest i do n't think we will take stagflation as well epically when our stupid leaders think they can will the economy into productivity while competing in a global race to the bottom via competitive devaluation * i really need a `` the end is near '' flair but i cant see how there is any solution the global crisis we see today but it 's funny to see the us still talk tough about raising interest rates `` any month now \u2122 '' *, 
  you did n't look very hard then , off the top of my head i know of kolomoyskyi because of his famous falling out with poreshenko and his private army that barricaded himself in one of the businesses poroshenko was either trying to tax or reposes . 
  of course they did , [ as i said a week ago the eu ca n't let this happen ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3a0fup/grexit_beckons_greece_on_brink_of_euro_exit_as_it/cs86hlp ) if anything this was just another great chance for insiders to take advantage of the inevitable stock market roller-coaster so why would they kill the golden goose  if syriza were really smart they would create a crisis every week and throw all of greek public pensions into a short position beforehand , either way i put all my spare trading cash into greek stocks after the sanctions on russia were confirmed , the rest is just ironing out details but it 's obvious at this stage a deal has been done . 
  why ca n't they just make up a phrase themselves and have it become commonplace by word of mouth like us men did . 
  publicly announcing it is very lame , i always thought `` fap '' was pretty gender neutral anyway , why could n't they just go with that . 
  holy shit , i just found a camper van project http://www.mortarinvestments.eu/products/jeeps,-trucks-a-motos-3/uaz-452-52#currency=usd, 
  well that 's a fair answer , it 's never any harm to find where the red lines are however . 
  well why should he do anything as regards ukraine , a real leaders first priority should be to look after their own people . 
  if threat of leasing out shannon to the russian airforce would secure debt concessions or put an end to ghcq wire tapping of irish communications then by all means he should use it imo . 
  as it stands irish politicians are a bunch of lackeys for us and uk foreign interests, 
  wise up and vote for gerry adams then, 
  wow who needs the ocse recording minsk violations when they are being self reported to reddit . 
  the fact someone thought this is some sort of normal thing to do is just sad, 
  you are factually correct but not so much if the money is spent building services everyone will benefit from equally . 
   the arab spring managed to mobilize enough citizens to the point that things got way out of control all helped along by western supplied weapons and logistical support  at that point , nato members had to decide whether to let the libyan civil war simmer gadaffi was winning and was about to end it , that 's why they intervened  democratically elected government thanks for the laugh , is this the same government that was running the country from a boat off the coast as they would likely be killed  as you 're so keen to critizie nato 's involvement on libya , what would you do differently ? 
  i guess i 'm obligated to answer this and well the answer is i 'd let him keep control since he was the only one seemingly and retrospectively able to keep a lid on things . 
  he was removed for political reasons and not any feel good humanitarian story, 
  i hear if you write it via a mirror and say it three times backwards it goes away, 
  yea but then the free lunches might stop . 
  did you even click the link , it 's a screen-capture of a direct quote from oliver stone, 
  every default sub except the ones where you personally post is a shithole according to most people on this site . 
  at some point maybe you have to accept humanity is shitty and thinks things like that . 
   who thinks like that ? 
  that is fucking ridiculous . 
  `` please do n't be black '' ?
