  ha , i wish , there is talk of outright banning smoking on balcony 's here now becasue of how my second hand smoke can waft upwards and invade your space . 
  it 's quite infuriating, 
  there goes my afternoon wasted on youtube laughing at this guy . 
  the first video in itself was comedy gold , apparently he 's a musician as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=msquntphwkg, 
  well it 's the law here that everything needs to be in finnish too . 
  pretty obvious when you go to the `` american section '' that sell cereals full of sugar and recees then see the sticker labels placed on top of all the import products . 
  now i see it , he 's a fucking t-800 ... a learning computer . 
  thats where they put the cpu http://i.imgur.com/opuedsw.png, 
  nordics i understand but britain ?? 
  unless you are a female you can probably expect a 50/50 chance of being accosted by some teenagers there, 
   but it gets very tiresome quickly , especially for people further north , who are used to much wider personal space area . 
  but does n't everyone hate pushy sales people everywhere . 
  sometimes i just want to go into a store and look at the fancy new phones without someone trying to sell me the product . 
   sweden has a social autism could you define social autism in this context becasue speaking as someone who was raised for many years of my life outside the country i 'm pretty sure finland has it too . 
  if it 's what i think you are saying i define it as your neighbor calling the cops becasue you and your friends smoked a joint on the balcony knowing full well thats just going to make everytime you meet outside awkward forever when the normal thing to do would be to simply say `` could you not do that please '', 
   i 'm assuming what gets into the cart will end up blacklisted and destroyed later . 
  no thats what they feed him with , eventually he levels up to 99 and becomes a proper supervillan, 
  plus then you only move the topic and conversation to social media that they ca n't control . 
  there was actually a case here recently where a finn raped someone , the police never gave any description and assuming it to be a foreigner ( since no description has become codeword for foreigner now ) police later had to issue a statement saying it was a native finn they seeking/arrested becasue of how conversation blew up online blaming immigrants again . 
  to put it simple censorship does n't work and often makes people then run with their preconceived bias and i 'm glad this sub is finally starting to realize that is n't the way to go . 
   the countries they arrive in are in poor economic conditions . 
  soooooo ... they are temporally fleeing a war seeking `` refuge '' a job should not be the priority nor are they allowed to work as refuges anyway . 
   that 's why they want to go to wealthier european countries . 
  so they want on our gravy train where they can sit around and do nothing , yea i knew it was nothing to do with fleeing war and all to do with being opportunistic leaches courtesy of the european taxpayer . 
   there is a better chance of work and not to become sponges . 
  eh no there is n't , european unemployment is stubbornly high everywhere and these people have no skills and will always come lower than a better educated local when it comes to competition for jobs . 
  just admit these people are coming here to take advantage of good society 's we have constructed, 
  til ... greece has less homicide than sweden . 
  i guess these migrants are n't the smartest bunch either , should have stayed in greece if safety was what their were seeking . 
  something tells me it 's not safety they are looking for however, 
  obviously sweden is an unsafe warzone now as well, 
  i feel so famous , but sorry i disappoint so much op :(, 
  i always prefer ` no comment ' raw video and sources so you do n't have to read news through the narrative of the editor but that was deemed [ `` low quality content '' ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3hu0g9/macedonia_fires_tear_gas_at_migrants/cuaj9rc ) when i posted it before . 
  for anyone who wants to see raw footage of police dealing with the immigrants trying to swarm the border here is the raw footage without commentary : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdacszlyv_o, 
   they ca n't be expected to stay there with terrorists ruling the country . 
  i did n't say they should n't but maybe they should consider going in a direction and place with a similar culture and language where they can better assimilate . 
  there is enough wealthy gulf nations that can take these people in instead of us . 
  or maybe europe should consider paying turkey the money they waste on expensive accommodation here and via that simply redistribution of funds be able to help more of these people closer to home . 
   would you not leave to try and save yourself ? 
  yea but i would go to the first safe country not half way across the globe to saudi arabia/qatar/uae becasue i hear they have a better standard of living than us europeans and i would also be having words with all the swedes and germans pretending to be fleeing war when in reality they just want all that sweet saudi oil welfare money . 
   it 's about a refugee still trying to reach their destination . 
  * welcome to migration express , stopping at safe country , safe country , another place with no war and then welfare central . 
  unfortunately due to unforeseen sanity britain is temporally closed but feel free to make yourselves home in western europe and abuse their welfare system built up over decades for as long as it holds out . 
  * * thank you for being a good illegal border crosser and sorry about the inconvenience of states looking our for their own best interests and enforcing the law . 
  i 'm getting more and more worried you 're not playing the same sarcasm game as me . 
   the mongols rode around the wall and conquered china til, 
  yea i could have submitted a bbc report with commentary but i find `` no comment '' news without analysis/bias more raw and telling . 
  should i submit the bbc news report instead then ? 
   before people get their pitchforks out i had no plans to get pitchforks , if anything i commend them for controlling their borders and taking a stand . 
  yea the homeless and jobless in declining european economies do n't know how lucky they have it / s, 
  did you watch the video of the riot police trying to hold the hoarde back ? 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gdacszlyv_o seriously a great wall would be a major help . 
  ukraine obviously although this seems like a bait question . 
  better still kick your own children out who are most likely affected by 25 - 50 % youth unemployment in europe so they can learn how it could be worse . 
  hey it worked for the chinese when they wanted to keep the mongol hordes out, 
  hey keep acting as testing ground for failed immigration policy so we do n't have to find out the hard way and we 'll call it even . 
  if we 're your shield you can be our sponge . 
   that said , we got the high score and literally no one is ever going to break it . 
  us ` corporatism ' has got to be pretty close by now and they do n't seem to be finished yet . 
  mcdonald 's golden arches is the new crusader flag and if you have n't noticed the us has never gone to war with a nation hosting admiral ronald mcdonald, 
  [ ... top kek ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxjzbjylylo ), 
  [ * \u266a it 's jihad , and ya know it ! \u266a * ] ( https://youtu.be/wyx6jdqcsle?t=54s ), 
   for finland , how much money is that ? 
  it seems that for spain , that 's a normal monthly wage . 
  somewhere between not a lot and more than a refugee needs to afford a basic diet of rice and beans , you can clothe yourself for less than $ 5 at the red cross/flea markets . 
  lets just say as a student i lived off less and did n't have as much free time to source free food/dumster diving, 
  give this guy gold, 
  actually i 'm more pissed at the usa and co for destabilizing the entire country and flooding it with weapons in the hands of jihad 's, 
  it appears they separate the men and women . 
  i could be wrong but is n't that kind of a muslim cultural thing and in th background of that picture it looks to be all men, 
  yea , reddit and it 's pointless shadowbans , you have a good memory my friend, 
  finnish mom , irish dad . 
  born in finland , moved to ireland for a few years as a child and now back in suomi . 
  usually the ones who hide behind eu flags are trolls or delusional leftists . 
  either that or the oh so cool `` post nationalists '', 
  oh yea thats how it works economically but you left out the political part of not wanting to extend it to potentially all eu citizens who go welfare shopping . 
  i live here and call tell you if there is any hope of it succeeding it will because people want it and support it . 
  people here will not support basic income for anyone who crosses our borders and declare they want to live in finland now . 
  you are taking the intellectual argument when i am spelling out the politics and reality of it . 
  i wont say you are wrong to think that way but no more than the greece debt forgiveness argument you are asking for the politically impossible, 
  dual purpose ? 
  * kidding * still the idea of those drones being available and then maybe in the future the possibility of it controlling nano drones that could make their way toward a target/dissident/protester for a silent kill is scary stuff and i 'm not even smoking that much reefer these days . 
  well why do n't you explain to me then as you clearly understand and i do n't . 
  from what i gather it 's a concept thats still being tested and i never heard any specific tenant that means it must be for everyone including expats epically considering how we are not allowed to police our own borders within the eu i think citizenship is an obvious qualifying metric for countries in the eu thinking about implementing bi . 
  but please do explain ... 
   hush now , do n't spoil the impression the map gives . 
  i have to hold my hands up and admit i only scanned the article and left with the impression they were these new drones with the highest megapixel camera on earth than can survey an entire city in real time down to 1m x 1m resolution, 
  as someone who never has i guess i 'll soon be the next fashionable minority, 
  i agree with you , culture is what changes attitudes and so on . 
  there is some awareness that good society must be preserved at all costs , i believe our president recently said something to the effect of , `` the breakdown of homogeneous society is a bigger threat to the state of finland as we know it than russia '' and i agree . 
  once people embrace dog eat dog capitalism in place of cultural and societal values you 're screwed becasue then you have all the related social problems that come with it and it 's a slippery slope . 
  well apart from social welfare you can apply for money for emergency situations from the department of health iirc but from what i hear the amount of paperwork you need to fill out proving your income and basically an audit of your whole life really means it 's only used in emergency situations here and by people with a bachelors degree in bureaucracy . 
  and for the same reasons i would like to see such wasteful schemes stopped and basic income replace them . 
  well thats pretty much how it works now . 
  you starving ... go to the church mission or ask a stranger on the street to buy a piece of bread . 
  welfare state does n't automatically imply nanny state , people still have to learn to learn how take basic responsibility for themselves and their actions, 
  pretty sure it would be easy enough to give someone in desperate need an `` advance '' on their next months payment . 
  if you are talking about chronic alcoholics and drug users there are clinics for them to go to . 
  at some point we have to say fuck eu laws then for the sake of doing something innovative . 
  anyway i ca n't think of very many counties that are n't breaking eu `` laws '' in some area,
