  it 's really unfortunate that science is so poorly funded as it 's so important , i get what you are saying about being able to test the results and repeat experiments as well but all too often i just think this idea of `` lets adopt this as science says they ca n't find something dangerous about it '' should be changed to `` lets try this on small scale first now that science has found nothing wrong and see if we can observe the same trend on a slightly larger and more public scale '' science is indeed often wrong but only because something new is discovered every day that can change everything . 
  science combined with precaution . 
  the precautionary principle the eu advocates for comes to mind . 
  lets go with scientific best practice but lets first try it small scale , study the effects then move on a limited medium size scale against a control and then try and see where data differs . 
  the idea this must be safe because science ca n't find anything wrong with it is whats bonkers, 
  are you going to tell me that with a straight face while ignoring the fact literally all of posts of the guys i was replying to are either pro gmo or making fun of anything anti-gmo ? 
  just from a look at your own history over the last two days over 90 % of your posts are defending gmo 's . 
  i mean how do you justify such an irrational interest in such an obscure topic ? 
  you give the honest argument there and i agree with you , that said that is also why i am a supporter of the precautionary principle in the eu especially when it comes to stuff we put in or on our bodies . 
  there is a growing number of people who wrongly accept science as the literal truth regarding a subject , i simply follow sciences own line which says it represents a a kind of `` best practice '' considering what we know . 
  you 'll have idiots in this thread thinking because i do n't think science is the new god i must be into healing crystals and shit like that which is just meta contrarianism ( making fun of opposing views to make yourself seem intelligent ) to the max . 
  wheres the conspiracy theory ? , `` liberal '' be it left , right or center literally means pro business and pro banking these days . 
  the japanese are also one of the most cohesive society 's out there and their standard of living has taken a huge dive . 
  they also have a huge export economy that allows them to continually devalue and have it be a benefit , to some extent europe is in the same category as well but the usa on the other hand is being held up by a belief that the fed is about to go back to normal monetary policy `` any month now '' for over a year already . 
  first it was early this year , not it 's september at the earliest and when the times comes they will hesitate again . 
  the problem is the us has backed itself into a corner where it needs this qe stimulus continually but has convinced the markets it 's temporary . 
  if and when they let the cat out of the bag the dollar will take a huge hit it not a full blown dollar crisis . 
  unless they literally do it at the point of a gun the rest of the world is not going to accept the usa can run a indefinite money printing program and export the inflation overseas to every economy that is pegged to or uses the dollar, 
   so how many independent bodies would satisfy you ? 
  depends what the research sets out to find , `` is glosphate demonstratively safe '' is a totally different thing to prove than `` is it harmful to health '' . 
  the first is the thesis i would like to see proven , the second is allowing for the infinitive number of variables we do n't yet understand to be discarded, 
   most of the peer reviewed studies investigating gmo crops concluded that gmo crops are more or less harmful than so called organic crops . 
  more or less harmful does n't exactly say much damm i wish i had the science telling smoking was more or less harmful to my health than not smoking back when the doctors were being paid to say it was good for me . 
  i say this as a person who thinks most gmo crops are probably ok but i do n't want to be the test subject . 
  history has shown scientists will say `` yea there is nothing * we know of * wrong with this so it should be safe '' scientist are useful idiots in their own way , they will tell you on one hand they know nothing and their job is to discover and then make a paper saying `` i ca n't find anything wrong with this '' and let that be paraded as proof such and such product is therefor safe . 
  like i said i have all the respect for science but they sure let themselves be whored out by those holding the purse-stings in order to get the money for their good work . 
   destroying the whole european economy would have been very idiotic , so no i do n't think so . 
  so lets put a band aid over the problem and pretend it goes away for a few years , if you think the 2008 crisis is over you have ignored the near decade long depression in europe and the qe/0 % interest rate fueled stock and bond market that 's kept it afloat for the time being . 
  the real fun will start when people and the markets realize they ca n't raise interest rates ever again without blowing up the economy and this is the new normal . 
  you only have to look at japans two decades of experience with 0 % rates to know where this is going, 
  it 's not a tired anecdote because it 's not like there was pro organic lobbyists out there saying glasses of shitwater are safe to drink . 
  that 's the difference . 
  i 'm as pro science as the next guy but i do n't want shit rushed and i think there is n't enough independent bodies trying to prove each others research and findings wrong . 
  wow what a great tongue twister you got there , oh and i have no problem with scientific truth , it 's just finding it that 's sometimes the problem with money being thrown in all directions and motives being swayed . 
  instead of looking at science as some never wrong truth why wont you be honest and say what the scientists say which is `` must times we are wrong '' also look to the failures of past science to not pick up on stuff we know now is obviously harmful now . 
  the trend is bad and i do n't see proof things have changed massively, 
  debt writedown with the lost state money being printed , returned and used for stimulus is just as good an alternative in my opinion . 
  the money should have come from the banks being let fail in the first place and not transferred to the state devaluing the euro via that method and printing will have a somewhat similar effect and go ways to righting a wrong . 
  some value will be lost by those with deposits but noting more than they would lose by the euro remaining the crazy currency for another decade . 
  who did n't even benefit from the policy 's of old . 
  the lazy greek narrative is so old it hurts now, 
  yep , she 's a pr person for big business like nearly every western leader at this stage , obama being the worst, 
  say that again [ peter schiff was right ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sgrgbnekfiw ) the real recession is coming however , all we did in 2008 was put a band aid on the wound, 
  or you know nobody should have bailed out any banks at all because moral hazard . 
  now they will just continue to take risks because they know they can get away with it, 
  why happy , should we not independently test and be sure adhering to the preceutionary principle considering how science has either been wrong or totally failed to catch things in the past that are now proven to be harmful to humans . 
  do n't put so much faith in science either , generally speaking research aims to prove the thesis that favors the person backing the research . 
  as less and less private funding is made available for research expect more dodgy scientists to be exposed , the only good thing is how taboo it is to literally go against science for money but do n't underestimate the ability of corporations to cover up shit for personal gain and scientists to circlejerk themselves into the type of paid studies with set end goals that get them paid . 
  we only have to look at history to see science is often behind the curve at pointing out whats unsafe and when it comes to my actions i take past trends into account . 
  or as richard smith , former editor of the british medical journal , puts it : * most scientific studies are wrong , and they are wrong because scientists are interested in funding and careers rather than truth . 
  * here are a list of just a few things that apparently did n't have negative health effects when used correctly . 
  smoking , asbestos , agent orange , glosphate * the last one is jumped upon by the monsanto ` pr ' crowd on reddit who will say `` well there is only one study showing it may cause cancer while there are thousands saying it 's safe '' science is a consensus club and the money is never on the side of funding studies that might prove something is bad for people and history has proved that . 
  i mean where were the studies showing smoking was harmful in the past ? 
  i 'm not taking any side in this gmo thing although where possible i buy organic food as it tastes better but i think it 's silly to say science is not corruptible and it 's been obvious more and more scientists are in the pocket of corporations and this seems to be more and more of a trend as public funding for research is cut . 
  yep that 's the answer why , however it still does n't change the injustice that the ecb is devaluing the euro and benefiting everyone else except greece with lower bond yields , while those same people benefiting from the debasement of the euro shout at greece ever single day . 
  yes greece still is n't on the market and getting eu aid but in effect so is every eu nation state who sold bonds under qe . 
  and that 's before i get into the moral hazard that is buying your own bonds with the sole intention of driving the yield down . 
  in five years we may be talking about this being the heist and stupidity of the decade . 
  right now it 's backfiring hard , yields are spiking and the ecb is going to be left bag holding a load of bonds they drove near negative yield while they are now up to two precentage points above that mark they were buying . 
  how do they ever hope to sell that shit at a profit i wonder, 
  there is indeed plenty of blame to go around , when a country can simply take money at will and nobody is aware of whats going on and rumors do n't fly something is wrong with the culture they and the people lending are operating in . 
  no , all things considered it was a stupid example of how hours worked , efficiency and service quality do n't always tie together . 
  as a worker i would rather work in a laid back atmosphere where i 'm working maybe 50 % of the time and socializing with clients or on reddit for the rest over a starbucks/mcdonalds atmosphere where i 'm used a human processing machine to maximum capacity for shorter hours . 
  as a customer i would rather go to the laid back place where i get more personal service and so on too , a german might say that 's a stupid inefficient operation they are running , the worker might i work 12 hour days and make shit money and i might just enjoy it and think it 's the best ever . 
  point being everyone is most likely wrong and i guess the same goes for most peoples points regarding greece and this whole situation . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  is that some way to try and spin my comment in a negative way just for kicks ? 
  i gave you a recent example of a well known currency swap arrangement , i believe the eu and china have done the same . 
  swaping cash for cash now and not some debt with a mythical date in the future that i can get rid of for a short time at a cost are totally different things , if you ca n't understand that i 'll have to assume you have no idea what we are talking about here and just spouting populist nonsense . 
  well i doubt he will be so stupid to organize a military coup like the last time greece got a glimpse of democracy and the us did n't like it . 
  how greeks do n't loathe americans to this day is beyond me, 
  i do n't want to limit you in any manner but the state has been around for a long time and from that it was an evolution of the kings and clans and before that tribal democracy . 
  in whatever form it 's the sum of it it 's constituents and they generally look out for each others interests so i doubt the next iteration of the state will be to your liking either . 
  as they say , history does n't repeat but it does rhyme and most intelligence and geopolitical blogs and reports i subscribe to say europe is entering an era of decentralization after a long period of increasing centralization . 
  this will come about because this change was forced on people who did n't want it via undemocratic means . 
  now the euro fail seems to be a cherry on that pie . 
  for the record i think the idea of a one world identity and common destiny is a good thing , one world government is a fundamental tyranny and that 's where this idea of `` globalization '' has took it too far, 
  sorry i meant acura but as an ex honta integra owner i 'm just glad we did n't have to put up with those awful headlights . 
  oh yea they impose their culture alright but it seems to be one entirely optimized to remove any obstacle to their continued success . 
  the nation state probably being number one on that list . 
  all hail pax romania , best is worst and worst is hegemony . 
  get it all in the big greek madness sale . 
  why the hell anyone would ever wish for some sort of one world government is beyond me . 
  you do realize the only thing thing holding back most idiot politicians like dave cameron from full blown tyranny is the fact they have ` enemys ' that would seek to capitalize on their dumb pr moves . 
  the world was arguably most ` equal ' and people seen the best standard of living increases during the height of the cold war as then there was real competition for ideology that both sides had to pander to in order to win support of peoples . 
  things have only declined in this past twenty years as the neo liberals go unopposed and consolidate wealth and power , sorry but i think you are just so naive to what you are really asking for it hurts , thinking people leading the entire would would have good motives was your first mistake . 
  you do n't get into politics unless you want power and unopposed power is the worst thing going . 
   globalisation profits mostly the us , wrong ... globalization profits the global top 1 % at ceo/director level . 
  it screws most normal americans as much as it screws your average european . 
  it also triumphs on a lack of nationalism , why would i buy finnish brands and support finnish companies when i can just buy generic megaglobalcorp product made in indonesia made for ten cents and sold for ten euros . 
  sorry but i 've just seen too much crap posted about greece and it 's not even about pensions so i got upset there , the last six months has been about the eu trying to make syriza capitulate because they do n't want to go along with the kicking the can down the road of never ending reforms that kill the economy for never ending cash the eu had agreed with the previous government . 
  all i know now is the eu put themselves in a lose/lose situation now and they are pissed off , no matter what they do regarding greece it 's they who lose and at least that makes me glad but it 's painful to watch the propaganda . 
  at the end of the day this is all about geopolitics and the eu ca n't afford to lose greece , the fact they are still talking is proof . 
  now syriza have won the support of the electorate we either see the eu give in to greece and get other countries asking for the same or push them out and lose some very important real estate and invite china/russia in . 
  you make a good point and raise all the questions i do n't have answers to either . 
  the fact greece was excluded from the qe program also makes me question how much the eu is actually committed to them . 
  it 's funny how they seem to have spread south . 
  i would have thought they ventured from the sun and not toward it, 
  do ginger beards come under ginger hair or not ? 
  if not there needs to be a second map,
