  usual suppression of ukrainian war crimes in full effect i see ... pathetic, 
  of course he does how else can the us neo liberal puppets keep a controlling stake in decision making without the uk, 
  the future of europe right there folks . 
  i can see the term eurotrash taking on a whole new meaning soon, 
  only the uninhabited parts mind you , would n't want to accidentally meet anybody . 
  but this map is kind of silly without some sort of population density metric . 
  the map would be much better f the major cities were marked on it . 
  i really do n't understand how germans can take such a backward reactionary stance on nuclear . 
  i mean for only $ 818 million we have built a facility here in finland 500 meters underground in the granite bedrock to store our nuclear waste for the next hundred years . 
  i mean that 's only 8 million a year which is peanuts , hell given the space we have and the lack of any sort of earthquakes i 'd even suggest it as a future growth industry although i while nuclear is popular here i doubt there would be support for selling ourselves a dumping ground no matter how safe it is . 
  if you are seriously suggesting russia funds pravy sector in ukraine you really are a r/conspiracy natural, 
  surely you must know this is a repost , since it was you who posted it previously as well only two months back or do you have a short memory ? 
  http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2zgoem/leading_main_battle_tanks_of_the_world/ this barely has anything to do with europe , the militarization mindset of this sub is frankly worrying, 
  nice story m8, 
  and yet some people with their heads in the sand will refuse to acknowledge that russia and china are now strategic partners against the west . 
   the dollar is appreciating actually it 's depreciating ( along with the euro , yen , pound ) in equal measure . 
  that is why despite all the rhetoric about china 's yaun being unfairly undervalued the imf now agrees it 's reached fair value . 
  put simply when everyone devalues it 's easy to stay on top . 
  source : http://www.wsj.com/articles/imf-official-says-chinese-yuan-no-longer-undervalued-1432634534  and the american economy is stronger by the day part time jobs grow by the day , housing starts near record lows , home ownership declining , velocity of money down 50 % , labour market participation rate decline too as people give up looking for work . 
  every metric one would use to gauge a real healthy economy is in the dumps and now they want to change the gdp calculation again as they are not getting the figures they want , that just reminds me of the end of the soviet era where they started having to fudge the numbers ,  what you 've commented is essentially that you feel scared about china owning a small fraction of american debt that does n't worry me , what worries me is europe hitching it 's cart to something that 's in decline rather than getting with the program and looking east  if qe was really the end of the world as we know it , why is the ecb following int he fed 's footsteps ? 
  see above, 
   i still wonder what the options to reduce the imbalance would be . 
  imposing a minimum wage would be a start and not relying on cheap eastern european labor and immigration to stay `` competitive '' while selling out every country to the north and west of you . 
  lol you 're the one who knows nothing about monetary policy if you believe the fed that qe is over ( just like qe1 and qe2 ) and that they will be raising rates any moment now \u2122 data dependent \u2122 they simply passed the baton of qe over to europe and as they water down their currency of course along with other nations of course the dollar will rise in comparison . 
  sic months ago zirp was going to be ended this june , now it 's maybe september but in reality it wont happen this year and if it does it will be a taken quarter point that will be undone as soon as it 's effects is felt . 
  and people like you dare to call this crazy monetary environment some sort of `` normal '', 
  the fact global reserve currency 's change over time is now conspiracy theory , your phony attempts to muddy this conversation are n't working . 
  if you have anything of substance to add i welcome it however, 
  but 1 % for apple and `` friends '' right ? 
  it 's not about consumer inflation it 's about money supply inflation , china buys t bills from the treasury and guess what qe was designed to depress the yield on ? 
  to put it more simply the directly managed us economy which has existed since 2008 has left china with lots of dollars they ca n't do anything with bar invest in us bonds at maybe 2 % which are being suppressed by the fed policy so in realty there is no return on that investment . 
   why would china use the gold standard ? 
  i do n't know , i would assume as a way to disband the myth that they can just `` manipulate their currency at will '' but that 's just me spitballing . 
  better you make whatever sense you can out of why they are stockpiling gold and buying up every gold mine they can find . 
  it 's pretty well documented they are buying mines and have a lot more gold than they state . 
  those would seem like the actions of someone trying to corner the market to me . 
   qe in the us has n't even caused much inflation at all because the money has just sat with the banks at the top . 
  it props up asset prices . 
  it has n't circulated down to general consumer spending at all . 
  that does n't mean it 's not having an effect on other nations who accept dollars , china is getting little to no return on their t bills thanks to suppression of bond yields and so on , they have stated they are not happy with what is now a currency way as well . 
  the imf has also now said to state the yaun is now fair value and not undervalued anymore  the international monetary fund is close to declaring china 's yuan fairly valued for the first time in more than a decade , a milestone in the country 's efforts to open its economy that would blunt us criticism of beijing 's currency policy . 
   may as well keep the trade up . 
  that 's what i say , things have been worse and russia has been stronger but a certain demographic thinks western countries ( like finland is now ) should stick to their own . 
  i have a feeling we will be seeing more of this trend as china is due to publicly announce their gold holdings this fall before bring approved to join the imf 's sdr basket of currency 's . 
  there is some talk about china having huge undeclared reserves and perhaps floating the yuan backed once again by a partial gold standard and setting up the yuan as a global player in the major currency markets . 
  interesting times sure are a coming in global currency markets and a gold backed yaun would do a lot to undermine confidence in a dollar that is being continually debased by one round of qe after another . 
  ironically britian sold all their gold when the price was at it 's near lowest  between 1999 and 2002 , mr brown ordered the sale of almost 400 tons of the gold reserves when the price was at a 20-year low . 
  since then , the price has more than quadrupled , meaning the decision cost taxpayers an estimated # 7 billion , according to mike warburton of the accountants grant thornton . 
  i keep saying it but people seem to hate admitting a decent russia/finland relationship is very valuable to our economy and any sort of trade war will be felt more on our end than in russia . 
  sorry but i see comments like / u/taedaetae * `` rather this than being russia 's little bitch boy '' * being highly up-voted places like here but they are emotional and not grounded in reality like thankfully most finns are compared to many of russia 's other neighboring states and peoples . 
  * we take their comparatively cheaper resources and use them to produce finished goods ( good luck replacing those ) * tourism and shopping trips from middle to upper class russians provides valuable revenue and vat receipts especially in eastern parts of karalia that now see supermarkets laying off staff due to lack of cross border russian shoppers . 
  * fortum ( hydroelectricity ) and many other finnish companies such as valio ( dairy ) have expanded into the profitable russian marketplace becasue of specific expertise and value they can add , uncertainty about the future leads to scaling back of investments and in the case of valio who were hit by the food sanctions , staff reductions and smaller markets . 
  not saying we should become a limb of the russian economy but maintaining the trade at least means our ability to maintain our deterrent that is our conscription oriented defense strategy . 
  as long as we have that it will always be a net loss for russia to fight us to the last finn . 
  sorry to the international law dreamers and those who write off realpolitk as a relic but it 's never gone away , never will and thankfully our president is even starting to get it . 
  now thats funny, 
  you sum my thoughts on this whole situaiton up perfectly . 
  in a word ... sad and worst thing is this fracturing the whole country so in the end everyone will lose . 
  i do n't know how anyone could classify your behavior and commenting patterns as anything other than an anti government protester and at worst the s word so is it not fair to say you have a very clear bias ? 
  literally ... every ... comment, 
  never form broad judgement 's based on the perceived opinion of people on a pseudo anonymous message board . 
  reddit is like two steps above 4chan, 
  this should be ( and to me is ) a litmus test for the impartiality of western media . 
  yesterdays protests against the government received pretty broad coverage , will it be the same today ? 
  [ so far i 'm plesently surprised ] ( http://i.imgur.com/6qkmpy8.png ), 
  moro , i 'm there in that video ... trololol but seriously i left after the idiots started breaking the handelsbanken windows near the train station and then nearly got in a fight trying to stop the idiots damaging the old church at keskustori . 
  unfortunately the left is in many ways it 's own worst enemy in finland still , i went to simply protest the elitist waste of money ceremony that is the presidents ball but as usual you have 95 % of passive people there for the message afraid to call the 5 % of hooligans into line because they are simply the loudest , drunkest and most violent . 
  the sjw ` ness and the passive `` who am i to tell those guys how to protest '' attitude of the left is the worst hting about it and needs to be addressed but fact is the silent majority stay silent and it damages everyone as a result . 
  is it time for / r/ukrainesays yet ? 
   how would you reform the eu ? 
  quite simplistic answer and i expect some flak for this but i would simply say ... halt expansion . 
  reason being if you are tying to create a unified and strong family structure it 's pretty hard to have serious and frank dinner-table conversations and reach consensus about where the family is going and what values it stands for when you take adopt a new orphan child every year that brings to the table brand new needs and issues . 
  the other kids start to wonder where there place is and the conversation and effort usually shifts to helping the new one fit in than than focusing on the needs of the other members and strengthening of the overall family unit . 
  `` look we 're not all bad '', 
   what the hell did i just watch ? 
  the pride and joy of finland . 
   tukiainen first became famous in 2008 when finland 's foreign minister ilkka kanerva sent her 200 sexually suggestive text messages which tukiainen sold to the gossip magazine hymy . 
  [ 6 ] kanerva insisted he would stay in his job but had to resign due to pressure from his own party kokoomus . 
  [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9 ] [ 10 ]  in 2012 , tukiainen caused quite a stir when she urinated publicly on a platform of tampere main railway station , even though her long distance train was waiting quite next to her . 
  [ 11 ] ever since these incidents , tukiainen has stayed in the headlines of the finnish tabloid press . 
   tukiainen has been convicted of several criminal offenses including multiple assaults and drunk driving in 2011 . 
  [ 12 ] in may 2013 she was sentenced to two months in prison for assault and in september to 45 days more also for assault . 
  she is currently a celebrity blogger for the finnish tabloid magazine 7 p\u00e4iv\u00e4\u00e4 . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/johanna_tukiainen i would have resigned and maybe later killed myself knowing what i had unleashed . 
  i actuallly blame her for all of finlands economic problems too since kokoomus are like our conservative party and things went downhill right after she came on the scene ... she killed many souls :( . 
  i guess you could call here finlands snookie . 
  that is some harsh retoric from the ny times . 
  and second extremely negative article in the past week as well http://www.nytimes.com/2015/05/16/world/europe/a-diplomatic-victory-and-affirmation-for-putin.html, 
  faux hawk would be both sides , sidecut would be just the one . 
  you might have a point since my 17 year old techie cousin had no idea what i was talking about when i asked him to just try and ping an address in through command prompt to test his outside connection . 
  the basic command line stuff is like voodoo to kids now, 
  well it 's certainly not to please my/their bed-sheets anyway . 
  nothing worse than an outline of what looks like a murder scene in your bed . 
  [ thankfully this woman has done us all a favor and killed that look here for most women [ nsfw ` ish ] ] ( https://www.facebook.com/seiska.fi/videos/vb.91778608365/10152946401563366/?type=2&amp;theater ), 
   some girls are trying the `` i like anal '' hairstyle [ you mean like this ] ( https://s-media-cache-ak0.pinimg.com/originals/b7/22/08/b72208206f23db0dced0323efbbae835.jpg ) i do n't know what it is but i think that 's hot as fuck , a girl with that goes up two point son my scale just for it on most occasions partly because i like tough/sassy women and that says `` i do n't give a fuck if about shaveing half my head '' from a few i can tell you anal is not always liked but i get what you are saying , before it became a thing maybe it did say that , however it also said `` could be lesbian '' then as well . 
  could someone like ... tell them that or something . 
  i seem to hear the same complaint from irish guys all the time . 
  do n't they know the pale redhead look is way hotter anyway ? 
  if a student in this day and age ca n't navigate a semi unfamiliar ui i 'd question if they are college material in the first place . 
  also thanks to the new-found persuasiveness of osx jumping into an unfamiliar or semi-unfamiliar ui is n't that daunting for most people .
