  still does n't explain why stores close on good friday , bars on certain christian religious days too . 
  can i ask are you some sort of hardcore athiest as i 'm getting so many people trying to rebuke what seems very obvious cultural influence thing even to me as a non believer . 
  i mean does it pain you that christian customs ( but mainly values ) exist in europe ? 
  copying this from another post i made but after a moments thought this is how i see them still  as regards specific values i 'll think for a minute but the easy ones are charity ( church still runs most the food collection and distribution for the poor ) honesty ( corruption is very low compared to global norms ) forgiveness ( we tend to not `` punish '' those who do wrong but rehabilitate vs muslim which is `` steal and you lose your hand '' ) and i would also say humility because as a people we europeans are not all about saving face like is pushed in asian cultures then you go into small things like people putting candles on graves and so on , men removing hats as a sign of respect was originally christian too . 
  it 's hard to pick out specifics because these things are so ingrained we tend to not even think about it but it is there . 
   what christian values do you see in your society ? 
  i do n't know since i 'm not an active christian but it 's naive to think when christianity was the most dominant pan european force that one day it simply ceased to exist in all forms . 
  the cultures and values ( at least the ones that people agreed with ) carried on even if people were not religious themselves . 
  as regards specific values i 'll think for a minute but the easy ones are charity ( church still runs most the food collection and distribution for the poor ) honesty ( corruption is very low compared to global norms ) forgiveness ( we tend to not `` punish '' those who do wrong but rehabilitate vs muslim which is `` steal and you lose your hand '' ) and i would also say humility because as a peopel we europeans are not all about saving face like is pushed in asian cultures then you go into small things like people putting candles on graves and so on , it 's hard to pick out specifics because these things are so ingrained we tend to not even think about it but it is there . 
   in nordic countries it is humanistic values all over the place and those values getting co-opted by christians so you are saying christians co-opted native nordic values...l-oh - fricin l . so who did the nordic peoples learn it from ... the vikings ? , the sami ? 
  because it was the christian era that came next so either they learned it from them or it was some guy with a bible telling stories of jesus washing the feet of the beggars . 
  edit ... one more , you still see men taking off hats as a sign of respect , that was a christian thing too as you were not supposed to wear hats in a church iirc . 
  seriously it takes a long time to actually see it but it 's everywhere . 
   christianity was a driving force behind prohibition and the temperance movement are you talking about the usa and movements like the quakers who left europe because we were all immoral heathens ? 
  sorry to burst your bubble but i 'm not even slightly religious but i have never heard of the church here calling for alcohol bans , i have however heard of them teaching about dangerous of alcohol abuse and misuse and there are of course those who abstain altogether who often tend to be quite strongly religious but i 'm not sure are they correlated or not . 
   without a secular society fighting religious people into submission , christians would be just a bad as the muslims eh i do n't disagree with anything about this statement but it does n't change the fact tamed christianity still means europe is still fundamentally based on it and many of it 's values shaped the new reformed society . 
  the problem in society now is the muslims who do n't care for being told this level of religious fanaticism is not tolerated and half the problem is them worshiping laws based in despicable cultures and preachers from the likes of saudi arabia, 
   it led to chaotic scenes and confusion . 
  `` there 's a german flag on this train so we though it went to germany . 
  so it 's not going to germany ? '' a man clinging with one hand to the doors of a train told a reuters journalist , declining to be named . 
  i hope that 's not indicative of the general intelligence level of these people, 
  dude now you have just gone off the deep end with wild flailing arguments that are totally gone off from the main point . 
  remember we are talking about ** culture ** here . 
  european culture has been shaped by christianity , it is no longer enforced by christianity but for sure it was the dominant force in the past . 
  sure you * could * buy alcohol in syria but will you see any muslims in the bar with you ? 
  no because alcohol is frowned upon in that culture . 
  trying to say christianity has something to do with strong liquer being banned in czech for a while is so beyond absurd because you are referring to a law which has nothing in common with the culture of the people living under it . 
  where are all he muslim bootleggers and al capones of iraq ? 
  short answer , there are none because alcohol is not really part of muslim culture . 
  i 'm starting more and more to get the picture you are the typical dawkings style atheist that ca n't possibly fathom christianity has any place in their life or the way they carry themselves which as a non believe myself is frankly just as retarded as the idea of organised religion in itself . 
  just like dawkins you also do n't know when your own arguments make you look like an extremist in your own views , i mean pointing out a few strong independent muslim women as an example of how , what ? 
  muslims and christianity is the same ? 
  i do n't even know anymore but top kek regardless, 
  then i guess we just have to agree german society is quite different to finnish society where we are not religious but we do involve the church in our lives , but hey can you answer me the in good faith as i 'm really interested . 
  i read the reason merkel would allow gay marriage is because christian voters are her main voter base , if germany is so done with christianity why ca n't they simply let get people marry if that is their wish . 
  who is she afraid of angering ? 
  also if 80 % are atheist then why do 1 in 3 pay the church tax , surely one contradicts the other right ? 
  thanks for actually engaging and not throwing out the usual lazy `` whataboutism '' remarks i see thrown out here all too often . 
  the biggest trouble i see with libya right now is we know nothing about whats actually going on there , isis is a big force so it 's simply not safe for western journalists but their presence alone shows there is little to no hope of a secular muslim world , turkey almost did it i will admit but at the same time they are sliding right back . 
  prosperity is probably thing biggest thing that can lift these people out of that hole but how is that delivered ? 
   i do believe that not intervening would have resulted either in a mass slaughter of civilians and tightening of the regime i have to frankly totally disagree , gadaffi had won the war , the western armed rebels were on the edge of defeat and it was only then the bombings and covert troops on the ground started . 
  if it was ended then it would have been over . 
  now we have a tribal conflict like happens when the linchpin holding the country together is removed every single time . 
  here in the west we have nation states , in the muslim world tribalism is the default way things fracture . 
  maybe a non realistic example just look at how scotland tried to break from the uk , they did n't go `` fuck this '' and gasgow rangers vs glasgow celtic . 
  westerners just do n't get how these places operate . 
   if you ask me , the one who really fucked it up was gadaffi himself . 
  he had the chance to enter a dialogue with the people , possibly paving a path to transition libya into a democratic country not sure if you are aware but there is evidence he tried to negotiate in good faith but was bombed to bits anyway , i 'm a bit of a contrarian but the realpolitk side of me says this was n't in the plan for the new american century and he was going no matter what he did . 
   a forthcoming biography of david cameron claims mr blair was contacted by `` a key individual close to gaddafi '' during the 2011 military campaign to topple the libyan dictator , and subsequently telephoned number 10 on his behalf . 
   mr blair purportedly called downing street to say the libyan leader wanted `` a deal with the british '' . 
  david cameron , however , did not take up the offer . 
  relevant article : http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/politics/tony-blair-tried-to-save-colonel-gaddafi-just-before-bombing-of-libya-10479415.html take it as you like , unfortunately my mind is made up on the matter and it 's been confirmed based on the aftermath but hey we can agree to disagree . 
  `` we 'll take many as possible , we are the world '' so much misplaced good intentions , [ but why did you have to remind me of this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_wfmrz9_my ), 
  seems europe 's impression of germany as the most pro immigration was n't as correct as many here let me to believe , either that or the rest of europe is much more against . 
  let me ask you a question , do you not have the same isssue with thousands of political prisoners that were murdered in egypt a year or so ago ? 
  sounds like pick and choose which dictators are good and bad depending on their alignment with the west is back on the table if you ask me . 
  you want my opinion on that , i have none , fucked up shit happens every day but i try to look at the big picture and i believe he was better for the country than the way it is now . 
  [ this simpsons clip has never been so relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1tfdsl_mwby ), 
  i do n't believe in a god but * jesus christ * i can tell i live live a christian country . 
  it 's such a reddit thing that we are arguing over this but i ca n't believe how you do n't see christian values in society here or is it just that you have never left europe much . 
  just take for example how i 'm not allowed to have multiple wives and think about it for a second . 
  then think about how marriage is actually a thing and why that came about . 
  were you baptized , i was even though my family never went to church because it 's common in society to do so and let the child decide for themselves later on if they want to keep it up . 
  this is how society is culturally christian . 
   iirc , the libyans who have posted on reddit there 's your confirmation bias right there , the libyans who post on reddit by and large do n't live in libya . 
  i heard lots of stories of libyans from all over europe who went back to fight against qaddafi in that war and promptly fucked off back to europe afterward again . 
  i cant say they are all wrong but next time i or you meet a libyan on reddit it might be worth asking do they live there currently, 
  ugh i ca n't find the article where it was explained well but essentially chances are most people celebrate christmas/easter where you live ( at least they do here ) . 
  christians have always been brought up with a work ethic and to take pride in their work `` devil makes work for idle hands '' and all that . 
  life is valued very highly in christian culture ( you do n't see us going all aztec with the sacrifice or suicide bombing ourselves ) anyway i 'm no expert nor am i pretending to be , i do n't believe in a god but yet i was baptized , i am married but i do n't believe multiple wives is an ok thing . 
  if you do n't get what i am saying by culturally christian by now i do n't think you will get it at all . 
  either that or i 'm talking out of my ass but i think most rational people will agree even if they are not believers in a christian god , christian customs still exist and in many cases they conform to them . 
  ask the libyans how they are enjoying their democracy , seems they ca n't wait to risk death to get away from it . 
  you can bring a horse to water but you ca n't make it drink , democracy has to evolve it ca n't be forced , it 's not my fault their culture is incompatible with democracy . 
  you are so wrong it 's ridiculous , you might not be practicing christian but you are culturally christian , or protestant ( work ethic ) to be ore exact . 
  has it somehow left your mind why christian holidays and customs are still marked/celebrated ? 
  from what i see germany is more christian than even we are since you close stores on sunday or is that just france ? 
   no idea how this guy passed the background check by lying , just like most `` refugees '' do, 
  sorry let me answer your question then , assad has murdered lots of people , isis will murder much more . 
  at the same time saying he murders people is not a valid critique nor is it ground for `` he 's got to go '' because the us quantifiable props up just as murderous regimes in other states . 
  i said he kills people now , happy ? 
  would you rather isis instead ? 
  victim blaming , seriousl\u00f6y !, 
   the issue with bolstering assad that would turn off many regional actors like sa , turkey , and israel is that you would just hand that country over as a puppet to iran and make it that much stronger . 
  as it has always been ... . . you ca n't just use that argument when logic dictates the opposite is true and the us , sa , turkey are supporting rebels and is to * weaken * iran, 
  yea you do know in egypt the military government the us supported in overthrowing the muslim brotherhood literally just killed thousands of political prisoners but i guess that does n't matter either . 
  it 's ridiculous how hypocritical they are . 
  except that actually happened , learn the definition of strawman plz, 
  le edgy, 
  russia and china not blocking the `` no fly zone '' in libya is the reason that country is in such a mess right now . 
  russia just ca n't win can they ... 
  i do n't know but you got to admit chechnya knows their place now . 
  you do n't hear much about is cells there because they know better than to mess with the russian now, 
  yea and with good reason too after seeing how they pulled a fast one on the un `` no fly ( but bombeverything and everyone ) zone in libya . 
   try again . 
  three words , saudi arabia , petrodollar, 
  thank you based putin, 
  no it 's not , i can go and work for $ 2 per hour in a supermarket if i want and they are free to employ me , of course that cont go down well with their other workers who will strike . 
  nobody is steeping on your precious private businesses right to hire for me $ 2/hr though ,, 
   according to human rights what statute of `` human rights ''  it forbids willing individuals to sign a contract on conditions the welfare states objects to such as a lower wage than the official one we have no minimum wage in the nordics , just informed people who wont sell their labor for less than an amount agreed in advance with the unions .
