  yes hola is free because when you are going through another country you are going through someone else 's connection and in return they are utilizing yours . 
  you might as well have pirated that show in the first place idioti, 
  blaming the victim and not the rapist ... * classy *, 
  he 's a student , if you got no money that really ca n't do fuck all . 
  i 'd shit on it and post it back to them if i was in his shoes . 
  i do have a rather dark sense of humor, 
  i had the same reaction but because it 's now a statue of the neo nazi swedish school sordsman, 
  well it pretty much does answer it . 
  i guess i just assume many people like myself do n't take it that seriously but for sure it 's a good no risk/no lose way of meeting people . 
  i messaged a few people there , now we play the waiting game , 
  you kind of are , germans were really tolerant people taking in jews when nobody else would until the point came they had a major economic crisis and soon their problems were the jews fault . 
  it can happen before and it can happen again . 
  i 've said it before and i 'll say it again , white people are cool and tolerant up until a point and then they flip the fuck out and go batshit insane and wipe out everyone around them they dislike . 
  sorry to be blunt but i expect more and more of this as sweden continues the policy of replacing their native people with foreigners, 
  white privilege i guess, 
  what do you mean like swedens expert on islamophobia who later goes off and joins isis . 
  to me it looks like they ca n't even find the ones on freaking national tv never mind the other hundreds who are not so public  the swedish convert michael skr\u00e5mo , 29 , in 2009 , were svt 's expert on islamophobia . 
   the muslim the convert michael skr\u00e5mo , in 2009 were invited to svt , where he told swedish viewers how muslim phobia ( islamophobia ) and hatred was spread around europe . 
  now he has traveled to syria with his wife and children to wage war for the brutal terrorist organization islamic state . 
  http://www.thelocal.se/20150203/swedish-islamist-convert-in-isis-video-row http://www.expressen.se/gt/svenske-is-krigaren-utreds-nu-av-sapo/, 
  what are you talking about , the ridiculous thing is peoples concerned about immigration being ignored to the point they can no longet talk about it to anyone without being called `` nazi '' then they keep their thoughts to themselves which leads to nobody checking their thought process and radical shit happening as a result . 
  we need more frank and open conversation , not pc censored bullshit if we want to solve this, 
  lol i 'm fucked if rob zombie and nazi mega weapons documentaries put you on some sort of list now . 
  seriously what next , not letting people who watch air crash investigation shows on planes as that 's some of the best sunday hangover shows you can watch . 
  sorry if i was blunt but you did ask to look at your post history to find out more about it and you did n't lie . 
  i should really open up tinder again , i have about thirty matches i never even bothered to message as i asked my friends who use it if they ever met anyone from that app and they they all said they only collect matches to see who they are still capable of banging . 
  i just assumed everyone did the same considering only one person i matched ever messaged me and they were bit weird . 
  it 's not like finnish women expect you to make the first move either so have to almost think my friends are right in saying they just use it to boost their ego but i hope prove me wrong * finlandtinder * as now i 'm putting my boosted ego on the line . 
  is this just a throwaway account or are you just really obsessed with sex and dating ? 
  it would also lead to a lot of people being taken advantage of , inheritances squandered and probably even sexual abuse . 
  in a way i 'm really glad this recession is coming so it can all blow up now before the cancer gets worse and becomes terminal, 
  but i 'm saying there is no need to have public cafes open to all in schools . 
  people who are not parents of kids attending there have no reason to be there . 
  would you want just anyone being able to creep around old folks homes as well . 
   the question is how do you exclude and punish those responsible without collectively punishing everyone ? 
  if they ca n't self police the bad elements in their own groups i think collective punishment is the only option . 
  the police sure ca n't as that would be `` racist '', 
  it 's literally the role of the eu to encourage privatization and block states from nationalizing or subsidizing industry in any way even if it 's critical to the state . 
  i anything we are moving that direction and for sure we are not moving away from it . 
  up until recently i was in favor of some sort of united europe but will all that 's happened in the last years and especially this one i do n't think the eu cares about the well being of europeans as much as my state does . 
   our press is not dictated by state , thats the difference , i totally take you point on that one but what happens when the state is pretty much minimal and corporations hold more power . 
  just look at the usa , nearly every state institution bar schools and roads and the military/police is private . 
  america is a corporation , it 's government is bought by corporations and 90 % of it 's media is owned by just seven of the biggest ones . 
  so i find it hand to believe they will be neutral on us affairs when us hegemony and military is what gets them access to marketplaces . 
  russia is state owned industry , the us is owned by industry . 
  europe is still somewhere in the middle but drifting into corporatocracy thanks to treaty 's like ttip . 
  where is the free press on the migrant issue , all we are being spoon fed is state sanitized versions of events being further scrubbed up by far left journalists . 
  in the west we just ideologically vet the people we let write the news and if they do n't conform they do n't get promoted . 
  in time it works exactly the same way and more effectively as people * think * there is free press, 
  * `` donald tusk admits the eu has lost all direction in the migrant crisis victor orban sworn in as temporary president to handle the issue properly '' * i 'd say you could get close to 90 %, 
   how is that actually harmful ? 
  well it 's pretty obvious you do n't have kids ... ... hey while we 're at it , why do n't we put those windows where you put in a euro and the curtain comes up in all our classrooms so pedophiles can come to school and take care of their urges , plus it will raise much needed funds for dance classes . 
  there is no place for open cafe 's literally anyone can frequent in schools . 
  parents sure , anyone including sexual predators no . 
  who says pedophiles have to actually physically harm children . 
  statistics show most never do nor intend to harm a child , but giving them a cafe to sit around and perv them maybe go off to the toilet for a quick fap and perhaps build up that desire to is n't exactly something to be encouraging imo . 
  sounds like a pedophiles playground to me, 
  but what about the poland sub that shall not be named ? 
   we 've got more than one or two nazis/xenophobes/racists on this sub [ woo woo , go pc principal ] ( http://images-cdn.9gag.com/photo/aepvbdq_460s.jpg ), 
  what would you say if i called islamic refugees disgusting because of the crazy ideology they believe in ? 
  do n't bother answering i 've seen what you post , have you tagged for it and the hypocracy is down right hilarious at this point, 
   disgusting people quit your dehumanizing language, 
  where 's the rugby ? 
  oh wait thats too manly for this sort of immature pisstaking, 
  looks like when presented with facts you changed your tune previously  the goal is n't to create fear with cheap facts , because that what right-wing outlets do . 
   i believe that the migrant crisis would be also a problem if they also would be all christians . 
  i do n't see such a `` islam statistic '' as very good fact . 
  they did n't ask 1155 million muslims , but only a few . 
  yes , many believe in sharia . 
  but not necessarily those who come . 
  it is very likely , but we ca n't know . 
  do i think religion is a problem ? 
  sure . 
  right wing parties are ranting about islamists , but we ca n't say we do n't help any muslims anymore , because they maybe want sharia . 
  does that make sense ? 
  translation : * but , but , but , but pew polls ar obviously right wing facts and even thought over 95 % ore muslim that 's not relevant either * sorry but your agenda was made clear before so do n't try falling back on this `` i asked but nobody was interested '' excuse . 
  https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3o7v8u/looking_for_contributors_for_a_project_that_aims/cvuxpsr i will gladly help you compile all relevant facts that be be established do not come from leading questions or biased sources, 
  but it 's so much easier to sell mass immigration to a population who does n't want it under the banner of poor refugee kids  the problem is that they are neither unaccompanied , nor refugees , nor children . 
  in many instances , they are considerably older than 18 ( as can clearly be seen in pictures ) ; and more often than not , they are very aggressive young men between the ages of 20 and 30 . 
  everyone knows that their chances of getting asylum increase drastically if they claim to be under 18 . 
   a survey in denmark showed that 72 % of asylum-seeker `` children '' were actually adults . 
  the fact that denmark carries out these controls could explain why only 818 children sought asylum there last year , compared to sweden 's 7,049 . 
  finland and norway also conduct age tests , and estimate that 66 % of those tested are over 18 . http://i.imgur.com/oa87kdd.png, 
  i 've seen many of these so called `` minors '' guess what , after seeing how embarrassing some of the results were when they did test for age , sweden decided they should just stop doing it altogether . 
   i was more thinking about how we avoid repeating the mistakes again . 
  well the idea of a bubble is people do n't sell when they should and an artificial shortage drives greed and prices . 
  how to avoid it is to simply tell more people to sell now when they have a good offer and make that the narrative instead of `` hold on to your houses '' without education and awareness of how markets work it will just happen again and again . 
  getting lots of property onto the market really fast would be another way . 
   any suggestions on how to avoid the bubble ? 
  is n't it obvious , sell your house now while you can , go live somewhere cheap for a while and short sell those profiting from it namely building contractors and so on . 
  then come back and buy in cash when everyone is crying, 
  right 's have been curtailed in times of war before , there 's no reason it wo n't become necessary again . 
  you are way too tolerant of citizenship rights . 
  if you earned them you can unearn them i say . 
  bombing city centers was to create terror , stop people going there out of fear and so on . 
  for the same reason i would argue if the ira simply focused on burning down army police stations they would not have been nearly as successful . 
  the ira also walked a fine line between terrorist and freedom fighter back in the day , as you describe their tactics were not always to kill , it was only after 9/11 that terrorism seemed to take one this broad more sinister definition . 
  i agree it 's arson and should the person get caught their will be in trouble and i wo n't be opposed to them being given their punishment . 
  that said just like the french workers who took their ceo hostage sometimes protest takes on viable and `` illegal '' forms to get recognition and to me personally that sort of outburst is just another part of the liberal society we live in , just like the child who cuts themselves to get attention to a bigger issue this is a symptom of something very deeply troubling in swedish society which most importantly needs to be discussed and not pushed under the rug . 
  these arson 's are only happening in sweden and germany , the two countries which seem to almost exclude any sort of open public debate on refugees without resorting to the `` if you are against this you must be racist '' line of thinking and for that reason i do n't condemn it .
