  must be a different poll then as one dated a day before your articles were published put them at # 1 http://www.ft.com/intl/cms/s/0/d144b594-4703-11e5-b3b2-1672f710807b.html#axzz3kvps5vbo still curious why this article gave nearly every other party 's stance on nato apart from sd who are at a minimum the third biggest, 
  so does swedish media refuse to give the sweden democrat position on anything now or are they just pissed they are the most popular party in the country now ? 
   would england be the only ones to leave ? 
  every nordic nation would leave for sure , just check our opinion of the eu right now , we are even more eurosceptic than the brits at least when it comes to further integration, 
  poor slaves , maybe they should make a better life choice and become `` refugees '' instead / s, 
  yea that 's pretty much once a year in palestine at this stage, 
  to be honest i though he seemed more on point that many people . 
  at least he 's aware of who 's causing the war in syria anyway, 
   was n't the intention with the whole attack on syria , before isis even existed , to get the russians out of the mediterranean sea ? 
  you are most likely correct , pity the west has to wrap it in the fake `` freedom '' `` democracy '' package to sell war to the plebs and end up with another libya on our hands . 
  seems this has n't been confirmed by many outlets yet but in any case it sure would be an interesting development in syria . 
  there is no transmission , the engine in these models is only for topping up the battery 's  the new range of cars could be driven by separate electric motors powering the front and rear wheels , with a small gasoline engine to generate electricity to extend the range of the batteries . 
  i would also say the crimes of a few immigrants would be a drop in the bucket so of course the stats would look good for these areas but lets agree to disagree , kallio is gone to the hipsters now but when i lived there 5/6 years ago in the good old days of massage parlors and $ 2.50 beers i 'm pretty sure there was enough crime that the transgressions of a few foreigners would barely register on the statistics . 
  well i call bullshit on their `` reception centres increase crime '' statistic . 
  just because crime does n't go up in fashionable inner city districts that have a reception center does n't mean those people do n't hop on the metro and commit crimes is less well policed districts . 
  i find it curious why they did n't give figures for more remote centers as well . 
  so yes data can say what you want it to say if you selectively pick and chose data points, 
  i ca n't help but think that 's a good thing considering the eu is showing it could n't organize a piss up in a brewery, 
  i have all the dumps downloaded in plain text , only takes one search parameter and maybe 20 minutes to go through them all . 
  it 's not illegal to post them here as a private user on a bulletin board . 
  cool , i think i 'll be / u/oirathorde from now on, 
   and they do not preach race purity . 
  different rules for different races , it 's the definition of an apartheid society, 
  well i guess biologically speaking they choose you/me but in any case , if your parents are dirt poor uneducated people eating mud pies chances are they will teach you how to make mud pies as well instead of giving you proper nourishment/education and the means to do well in the world . 
  i was thinking of making a new account soon as i hate people following me around building res profiles as they tend to do . 
  do i have your permission or should i request you approve my new username in advance in case it hurts your feels somehow or you accidentally fear it 's a giant conspiracy ? 
  can we please kick the jews out of their `` jewish state '' then , you know , because dats racisiitt and all ? 
  well at least your post history will show you did n't go down without a fight . 
  of course being right does n't fix the mistakes of a generation but at least you might be spared the scorn, 
  how you are raised by your parents along the standards and morals they impart on your is far more than `` luck '' by the time someone born in europe knows about a country called syria chances are they have a very different and distinct value system which is n't easily changed either . 
  i 'm nationalist in that i like how our country emphasizes certain values and conveys these values through the family unit and society at large . 
  people who come here have a lot to learn and in a short space of time which is why most frankly do n't bother and live by the standards of their own third world upbringings, 
  18 countries , thats called ~ ~ civil ~ ~ national disobedience suck it ~ ~ germany ~ ~ eu, 
  all those reasons put together pretty much sum up why i do n't like the idea of nato . 
  that and i 'm pretty sure the complacency factor would kill conscription and the sense of national identity and oneness that comes with it . 
  yea being against israel 's illegal annexation and occupation of the west bank doe 's not `` anti semite '' make ... . . unless you happen to be part of the israel lobby, 
   he 's joking , right ? 
  because balancing the budget is the finance minister 's freaking job !, 
  do n't worry that mans brain is as handicapped as his legs . 
  i ca n't wait for the german economy to turn around so i can smugly remind that guy and his followers `` you are supposed to run a surplus in the good times to pay for the bad times not spend during the good times and borrow through the bad times '', 
  they broke it , they can buy it . 
   the cost may be 10 billion euros ( $ 11.6 billion ) , compared to 2 billion euros in 2014 , the die zeit newspaper has estimated . 
  now here 's the thing that pisses me off , the world is demonstratively more safe than it was any time in history . 
  the war in syria has been going on for years now and this is not even the most hot part of it . 
  but somehow only now and this year in particular these people expect me to believe there is five times more refuges needing five times more assistance than the year before . 
  it 's becasue you idiots in power are encouraging them , when will you get that through your thick heads !, 
  ok time to unite scandinavia and start raiding again . 
  all religions are abuse businesses , they get you with the guilt and then expect you to give money to them to free yourself of sin . 
  islam is probably just one of the worse offenders considering the scale of the lies they spin people ... if it 100 virgins for killing yourself or 1000 ? 
  no they are a product of their culture , a long streamlined mix of values and value systems passed from generation to generation ending with how their parents and peers rationalized explained the world around them . 
  that does n't change overnight and when they start bringing in their family 's and starting new family 's within their own cultural group then they just continue their own ( so far not very great as evidenced by the paces they come from ) culture . 
   in 85 years the world population will be pushing 11 billion . 
  the eu population will have shrunk in that time . 
  thats called being sensible in my view , wait until there is no petrochemicals and natural gas nitrogen based fertilizers and see if the rest of the world can feed itself while we have plenty . 
  and no we wont be taking in 11 billion refuges either, 
   if this man was still leading the usa instead of obama there would be no ukraine crisis a washed up actor , ahahahahahha . 
  better off putting arnie in power if you ask me, 
   in a sense it means the watering down of actual `` europeans '' into something new . 
  you only have to look at africa and the middle east to know what that means . 
  no thanks, 
  * leaving scientology is punishable by death . 
  she obviously has reasons to fear for her life . 
  * see how redicilous , illegal and unacceptable by society at large that statement becomes when you replace once coddled bunch of nutbags with similar pseudo religious nutbags . 
  oh of course the stock market was up 50 % compared to where it was in january of this year . 
  a sharp pullback is totally within the realms of normal but to say it 's a full blown crash considering how fast it rose is premature as well . 
  of course it does , locating it anywhere is the problem but the german govnerment clearly has problems listening to what the market/populace is telling them, 
   you would use app store , mac store , google play , windows store , steam or other distribution platform to distribute your software . 
  so in other words use centralized platforms that all scoop off a large share of your profits ... and they say the eu is not a trojan horse for big business, 
  trade surplus/trade defect for greece , rules on not being allowed for forgive debts and a weird overall idea that every country should be able to run a trade surplus which is pretty much impossible . 
  all in all germany is n't very consistent telling others to abide by rules that it feel it can flaunt, 
   a house of cards would mean that if china falls we all fall and thats what will happen , although it wo n't be to do with the stock market . 
  right now the chinese stock market is as much a symptom of the lagging chinese economy then anything and this has been reflected for near a year now via plummeting demand for commodity 's . 
  baltic dry index and dow transports all show business and freight is n't moving like it used to , it 's just taken a bit of time for this to work through to the real economy but in short if china sneezes the world is well placed to catch a cold . 
  becasue on one hand you countries like greece you ca n't break eu law and then you go ahead and break eu law when it suits yourselves . 
  it totally blew my mind last night how easily we can turn on each other , the experiments they go through in the documentary like when the schoolteacher decides `` from now on blue eyes people are better than brown eyed people '' translated into an actual `` us vs them '' attitude in a classroom of five year old white children in mere days and then on to how soccer fans feel instant bonds with others just becasue they wear the same shirt and how it affects their real behaviors when it comes to how willing they are to help someone on the other side . 
  it 's honestly scary but at the same time i do n't know what to take from it as it seems to be as just as easily defined part of the human condition as it could be defined racism/xenophobia . 
  the only logical conclusion is that it makes both sides more polarized in their opinions as someone who loves to understand mass psychology it 's already so evident in this sub . 
  anyway i thought it was relevant to post here as no matter what side of the immigration debate you fall on you can learn something from this and to me thats most important . 
   typical welfare moochers starts to show finns are more likely to be on welfare than native swedes or immigrants from other nations ? 
  this has to be the most stupid reflex argument i 've ever entertained . 
  although maybe you are right , we clearly do n't ' share this pc immigration at all costs culture . 
   i hope for every shelter that gets burned down the government builds a new one at the same place with more capacity taking the old chinese approach to the stock market crash there . 
  `` well this did n't work , lets just throw more good money after bad , eventually they will stop burning us . '', 
  yea there is totally a way going on in the balkans just they all forgot to tell us / s, 
   having to live under 5 years of far right rule . 
  is an immigrant free society worth trading for that ? 
  why ca n't we have both , no far right and no unnecessary extra people damaging an already weak unemployment situation in europe . 
  i 'm not right wing , i do n't look at the humanitarian left wing side either , i just see economics of extremism which means you do n't import extra labour during an unemployment crisis, 
  i think this is a must see documentary if anyone gets the chance to watch it in full . 
  it goes into what brings about genocide amongst otherwise and previously ordinary folk - turning good neighbours against each other etc ; how the unthinkable somehow becomes psychologically possible far more easily than people could ever expect ... think stanford prison experiment several case studies are used from history , including rwanda , nazi germany , and armenia , amongst others - and finds quite clear stages which are paralleled in all cased . 
  real sociological experiments are used to demonstrate the same individual aspects in modern people - things like tribalism with football team supporters , or that people tend to elect those most able to convincingly lie as leaders - all done in ways that will likely take you from skeptic to jaw-dropped . 
  possibly the most enlightening well-constructed study into an incredible aspect of the human condition i 've ever seen and in light of whats happening in europe regarding the illegal immigration it might even scare you but no matter what side of the debate you take you could sure learn something from this . 
  what i got from it is 1 . 
  tribalism is real and ca n't be made go away by telling people to be more tolerant just like you ca n't tell a claustrophobic being in a small space wont cause them any distress . 
  2 . it 's possible to turn back from the brink through more open society where everything is discussed and everyones ideas are validated or shut down early ( this is why genocide rarely happens in countries with good free speech laws 3 . 
  i have no good answer to what europe should do about the illegal immigration problem but if there is n't action the `` us vs them '' will keep heating up to the point there is a mass murder . 
  obviously i insulted the edgy teenagers on this sub and screwed up their homework assignments by saying as such though : /, 
  so if you include your average of 2.4 children we are looking over 2 million of millions of these boat people overall then ? 
  that just makes the situation worse , we should take women and children only for a while , at less they are less likely to lash out at their new adopted countries . 
  yea look at the video again and tell me how 99 % of those featured are going to be popping out babies anytime soon .
