  at least here in finland we are back to where we were in 2008 but worse off with real inflation considered . 
  i do n't believe the much more serious crisis has been averted by simply throwing money at it but we 'll have to wait and see if i 'm proved right . 
  edit : i agree with what you said about aws but the negative attention it was getting was shocking , people who meant good being put down left right and centre was kinda shocking and at least to me proved people would just rather pretend things are ok even when they know something is rotten . 
   i far prefer to see taxpayers on the hook for the coming default , then to watch individual depositors lose their saving if their bank had became insolvent too , and they would have if greece defaulted back in 2008 . 
  would that really happen though ? 
  first of all you have mandatory deposit insurance on european deposits of $ 50k and i think in practice $ 100k in most places . 
  how much people have more than that in the bank and to be honest ( and a bit blunt ) you are not the sharpest tool in the box if you sit on more than $ 50k and do n't invest it somewhere . 
  look at the example of cyprus , only those with over $ 50k lost money, 
  i do n't even know what term means so your logic is lost on me but it sounds like a good euphemism for an authoritarian eu technocracy nothing more , nothing less . 
  sounds to me like you want pass judgment on someone based on a word and * that * to me is what 's redicilous, 
  no i do n't assume that , part of it is being unable to access credit at a reasonable rate and the other part might be scaring away business to an extent . 
  i just do n't accept that dragging out the problem is any less painful in the long term, 
  * `` did he x ? 
  he must be a conspiracy theorist '' * is just as much a fallacy in my view . 
  you are going to the emotional appeal of meta contrarianism to make your own arguments seem superior by comparing it to unpopular ones, 
  you mean like and the like varg vikernes and the like i guess . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/varg_vikernes yea they are crazy in all the wrong ways . 
  it 's an interesting topic , i 'm a big punk fan and it 's generally about taking down the state but not it 's people . 
  but then you do have a toxic subculture of nazi punks . 
  i do n't know how the metal community deals with those sorts of bands but i know in punk circles they are ostracized . 
  yes but at least it would n't then be dragging the institution of the state down with it . 
  the only positive is that is global financial hubaloo part two happens there will be nobody left to bailout anyone and we can just start fresh like they did after wwii . 
  we will have lost seven years for nothing but maybe learned a lesson . 
  it 's ok , i was made fun of for supporting occupy wall street and bailout opposition but i 'm now learning to my pleasure one of the greatest uses of facebook in the modern age is as a public diary to record opinions and share them again five years later when you are proven right . 
  in short i 've been vindicated but at the cost of an even worse crisis . 
   the expansion , they argue , will produce expensive energy , far beyond market prices well that would be the first time in history i 'd have heard of nuclear energy being above market prices, 
   `` the bottom line is the 3.6 per cent we 've seen [ in 2014 ] is not sustainable and much of it was achieved because as you come out of recession , you get a strong rebound , '' said jorg decressin , deputy director of the imf 's european department imf butthurt detected i guess the same statement must be true for other economies just starting to recover then too ? 
  but yet some people claim aid was to help the greek economy and not the european banks . 
  good job guys , as an advocate of default in 2008 i can only say you just gave them time to put their private debts onto public balance sheets, 
  * `` dictators that support us are ok in my book '' * :p, 
   nowadays it 's expanding to secure long-term political allegiance and thats why i 'm glad we stay away from nato , no masters , no gods !, 
  rap is generally political by nature . 
  death metal ... well lets just say the lyrics are the least important part , most the metal banks i know record their songs then stick some lyrics over it . 
  sorry , run the title through a google search and it will unlock it, 
  regulated as a money transmitter so ca n't see the issue, 
  i can only tell you i 'm a bit of a contrarian in my attitudes here , my true opinion is more to the middle , of course russia is doing some bad shit but the way it 's being overplayed in the media is terrible too . 
  ukraine is realistically too weak , too historically close to russia and too politically unstable to be let join some ad-hoc western alliance ( in russia 's viewpoint ) and i understand it , does n't mean i agree with it but i see why they did it . 
  i 'm not afraid of them doing anything elsewhere like everyone here seems panicked about and if worst comes to worst i 'll be off to the army . 
  what scares me more is this stupid militarization i see going on and painting of russia as an enemy that 's somehow going to take over europe . 
  the fear-mongering is epidemic and the * puntinbot * thing , it 's more than childish, 
  have you ever considered the fact i 'm just a normal person with differing opinion than you ? 
  oh wait that would mean you have to consider the fact not everyone jerks the same way  i 'll also talk to you about the church of bitcoin if you like which is another thing mother russia has banned, 
  meh , seems the eu is determined to force them to come here and take it anyway, 
   all companies that do currency exchanges will take away loads of your money . 
  technology my friend , it changes everything https://transferwise.com/, 
   the huge short term benefits of reaganomics in the 1980s shifted the majority of the european political class to the neoliberal right . 
  benefit ... i beg to disagree , i see reaganomics as the start of the decline . 
   ttip is horrible but our politicians are fighting it tooth and nail eh no they 're not , they actively support it, 
   it would be huge boost to our security too , if this eastern flank sticks together we are in much better position , russian forces has to be spread quite thin . 
  yea but you do n't necessarily need nato for that, 
   are more nationalistic we are pretty nationalistic and i think it 's good , it helps preserve our cultural integrity and resistance to globalization . 
  although i ` ts hard to say there is a definite coloration considering japan is bottom of the list of `` willing to go to war for the country '', 
  have you ever thought nato is the reason people turn to `` pussies '' like you say , looking at their history of bodged interventions nato would put me off fighting as well, 
  suck on that nato members, 
   apparently the mushroom guy was martial arts educator for the estonian police . 
  ha , what are he odds , funny enough i would have thought he might know he ca n't have a lawyer at the scene then . 
  i know right ... . 
  when he started swinging that broom like a ninja i almost got all excited, 
  not all eu members are nato members though, 
  i 've seen countless more `` meanwhile in ... '' posts . 
   we would still go to war for nato . 
  of course you would , you 'd go to war over a dropped doughnut , a certain sector of america loves war, 
  mods removed it for no reason , not heard an explaniation from my moderator message so i have to assume it was in error and they are a little embarrassed now, 
  ha , ukrainian media will no doubt throw a shitfit over this . 
  either that or just not tell the people at all , actually maybe the latter is more likely, 
  `` migrants '' was equally annoying . 
  as if we could be so lucky to hope they fly back again in winter, 
   the eu decided it wanted to be a big man the eu did no such thing or do you care to source that statement , it was all a nato affair so i say let nato members take the illegals, 
  and yet we join the same idiots bombing syria and supplying weapons to the people fighting the people fighting isis as we speak . 
  well * we * do n't but some of you do, 
  yea , tnx for the info, 
  it was a joke title ( just an average day , just your average joe , meanwhile in ... ) but yea maybe i get your point . 
  will repost with better title, 
  it 's such a damm shame comedy gold like this will likely get downvoted simply becasue it does n't conform to showing ukraine in an ever positive light, 
  yep , just noticed the paper towels by the single bed , redditor confirmed, 
  ok well just so you know ukrainians committing war crimes like that ( which you support as sick as it is and shows what subhuman you are ) will only ensure prisoners on both sides will be treated like that . 
  just like ttip standards always default to the lowest not the highest . 
  you make me sick, 
  so i assume you will have the same attitude when articles about seps handing back prisoners without ears come out then ? 
  res tagged as `` cutting of a finger , in a fucking war ? 
  well boohoo , he knew what he signed up for did n't he ? '', 
  just in case, 
  sounds like you 're saying we 're not fully nordic then :p and so it begins ... 
   nordic countries `` nordic '' in my and broad context is defined by the traditional welfare state , kok and this government 's model appears to be tax and carry out austerity on the poorest . 
  hell they even wanted to increase the tax burden on those receiving unemployment benefits until it got slammed last i heard . 
  now they are even looking to estonia as a model , dear god how this country has fallen . 
  [ soon the joke will be if finland can into baltic ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/pm_estonia_a_model_for_finnish_corporate_tax_system/8061509 ), 
  no this is about warcrimes and since i 'm not from russia not post there ever why would i do that ? 
   source ? 
  their actions and rhetoric . 
  there is nothing center about this center party . 
  at least the young people know what 's up  `` in the centre 's new policies of the right , it is the students , unemployed , pensioners and families with children who suffer most . 
  i have never been so disappointed in my own party , '' she wrote . 
   askianen went on to state that the centre had become `` an extension of the national coalition party -- a guardian of the business community which does not keep their promises , '' she wrote . 
  http://yle.fi/uutiset/centre_youth_criticised_government_programme_but_wont_comment/8058230 essentially we got kokoomus lite, 
  at least then they could devalue the currency, 
  the current government has decided finland no longer belongs to the nordic countries , hello bland european neoliberalism . 
  this blows big time , the centre party being the biggest let down as they just turn to another neoliberal sellout, 
  as usual the censorship warriors of r/europe make sure this and any other inconvenient truths about ukraine remain downvoted, 
  i wonder is the mob of downvoters going to tell me this is fake despite the numerous sources backing his claim .
