  all propaganda and the best propaganda is based on truths but twisted to suit an agenda . 
  saying something is straight up propaganda is not a good enough answer for me , by your standard that photo of the dead kid on the beach was straight up propaganda . 
  i have no agenda here but a real interest in how propaganda works so i 'm curious do you ? 
  and if so why do you difference between the two ? 
  europe has had record high unemployment for years now elites answer to this , `` lets just take in record numbers of cheap labour , nobody will mind at all and i 'm totally sure it wo n't drive down the value of labour in the slightest '' / s, 
  ah the good old western respect of sovereignty right there . 
  in that case i hope the russian do n't forget their s-400, 
  that is a good question , right now it seems to be a game of passing the baton of monetary expansion between states . 
  well i suppose one of the first steps to becoming a reserve currency is full convertibility which the chinese have been working on via trading desks in most major financial districts around the world now . 
  if i anticipate the us is going to launch qe4 at some point in 2016 and backtrack on the rate hike because of the ailing stock market it 's quite easy for me to get out of dollars . 
  the yaun is not at that stage just yet but i think it will get there . 
  from an outside perspective i see the us getting too protective over their currency , up until now if i wanted to send dollars to or trade with iran my bank was obliged to stop me because of sanctions , putting those sorts of restrictions on a currency is not good for it 's long term help and in a way an abuse of control . 
  yes you are right , the dollar is the reserve and it wont change overnight but structures are being put in place by many country 's since 2008 and how in their eyes the usa bailed out it 's banks by devaluing the dollar over and over to the detriment of their reserves . 
  put simply if the us can not escape the expansionary monetary policy they have been engaged in the trend away from the dollar will exasperate, 
  yea well when it comes to dealing with muslim terrorists russians are the right people for the job . 
   four soviet diplomats were kidnapped in september 1985 by a fundamentalist group called the islamic liberation organization . 
  russia quickly dispatched its alpha group , tasked with counter-terrorism hostage-rescue operations , to beirut . 
  once the team learned that arkady katkov , a consular attach\u00e9 and one of the four hostages , was killed , ** they responded quickly by tracking down and locating one of the kidnappers ' leaders ( or relative it 's not clear ) . 
  in order to send a clear message to the terrorists , alpha group members castrated the hostage , cut him down into pieces and sent him to the hostage takers . 
  ** they also threatened to kill more of the kidnappers ' relatives if the soviet diplomats were not free . 
   as a result , the 3 hostages were released and dropped off near the soviet embassy and no russian officials were ever taken captive since then . 
  some say that the release of the soviet hostages was the result of extensive diplomatic negotiations with the spiritual leader of hezbollah , grand ayatollah mohammad hussein fadlallah . 
   newspapers quoted `` observers in jerusalem '' as saying : `` this is the way the soviets operate . 
  they do things -- they do n't talk . 
  and this is the language hezbollah understands . '', 
  that 's some game of thrones shit right there, 
   you see ... the percent of literacy is indeed important , but more important is the fact that almost none of the coming immigrants speaks german . 
  somehow everybody forgets this fact . 
  add to that the fact it 's very hard to learn a new language as an adult if you are not at least bilingual already . 
  pretty sure it 's must be next to impossible to learn how to read and write in a totally different language when you have never even picked up a book before . 
   chop its value by 75 % . 
  it would send economic shockwaves through any nation that was using the currency devastating the value of their reserves . 
  yea they devalued it by 2 % not 75 % and in case you are not aware qe had a much bigger impact on the value of the dollar that china 's two percent devaluation, 
  if i was snowden i 'd be thinking of my public image and keeping the hot russian chicks on the down low ... just saying, 
  `` hi i 'm * not * that guy who left to join isis , i do n't have any documents thanks to war . 
  can i please come stay in your country '', 
  young healthy * illiterate * refugees ? 
  because according to unesco and syrian sources it 's between ten and thirty percent . 
  http://i.imgur.com/gotsvua.png seriously if the german government was to pay me the money they pay to support refugees i could hire a nanny and pop out three or four . 
  do n't forget mongolian finns and black irish . 
  i wonder did they search all their stock photos for `` smug putin '' when picking an image for that article, 
  i agree not everything is 3x more , milk is like 1l store brand milk is 75 cents here vs i think 55 or 65 in estonia . 
  that 's said services and anything fun here is still really expensive, 
  3x higher ? 
  because beer is 3x cheaper in estonia . 
  quality of life is a bigger pull factor for me over wages and since i work in the tech industry there is a lot of startups in estonia, 
  let me guess the mods will remove this again . 
  ~ ~ jewish ~ ~ muslim ghettos rinse and repeat ? 
  when am i going to get my ttip crisis already !, 
  you 're correct but if you want to be a doctor why not . 
   if you are a software developer then it would be a good idea way ahead of you buddy , http://www.cv.ee/toopakkumised/infotehnoloogia/inglise id imagine salary is a bit lower but it 's what you can do with it that matters and it 's way too expensive here now , the idea of maybe having food with friends someone on a saturday , drinks in a bar , club and taxi home you are talking like $ 100 and if you want to live in the center of helsinki it 's like $ 600 for a 12.5 meter hole in the wall . 
  & gt ; tfw rt tells the truth and european media pushes propaganda, 
  put down the kossu , you clearly have n't seen what the average salary buys you in finland in a while then . 
  and unlike here their economy is n't in a tailspin . 
   are there some pride issues ? 
  not that i 'm aware of , the general idea is that estonians come here to work rather than the other way around though , a friend of mine is studying to be a doctor in estonia now but apart form that i do n't know anyone there . 
   http://www.cv.ee/toopakkumised/infotehnoloogia/inglise holy shit , i 'm applying for some of these , pity most they do n't give wage examples but no pride issues here thats for sure, 
   there are about 7000 finns living and working in estonia a friend of mine is actually studying to be a doctor in estonia , says it 's awesome, 
  thank you , i 'm actually thinking it could be worth it to move there , developer pay seems even better than here when you take into account cost of living . 
  i 'm seriously getting more and more tempted to move to estonia . 
  that would be super sweet , i could literally live better and make money bootlegging alcohol to finland once a month . 
  what would you recommend as a web portal to search for jobs there ? 
  that 's like the second time today auto correct has made me into an idiot !, 
  oh look it 's one of the koch brothers, 
  do n't like the way they refer to anarchist as `` libertarian '' but seems i fall right where i thought as a left leaning person who does n't like state intervention . 
  economic left/right : -6.5 social libertarian/authoritarian : -3.23 http://i.imgur.com/ilqk6qw.png, 
  yes people like that truly are running the show . 
  i 'm not sure what annoys me more the hubris or the fact these are the same people who no doubt want immigration but will never live around it . 
  this wont take long . 
  ok lets just say it costs 20k per year to house and feed one refugee ( i know it costs more but lets just use the easy example ) if the government redirected that subsidy to me i can hire a full time nanny as well as feed and clothe multiple children and yes people would be much more interested in having kids if they did n't need to give up their social lives . 
  you put in gun cotton after the powder to make the seal . 
  even modern day shotgun cartridges work on the same principle as otherwise the blast would escape around the pellets, 
  did n't you have to put that cotton stuff in after the gunpowder and behind the ball so the pressure from the black power does n't escape technically it could have worked just fine, 
  yea i suppose that does make sense, 
  so much for saving that surplus during the good times . 
  i 'll laugh my ass off if germany becomes the next greece because they failed to prepare for any downturn and now they have 1 million plus refugees on welfare to pay for . 
  thats awesome , i 'm definitely going to consider it, 
  yep thats the thing i can imagine you could do more with your spare money , just going to the cinema here and having popcorn is $ 20 . 
  beer anywhere that 's not a total dive bar is $ 5 minimum etc, 
  yea maybe i 'll take a short trip there , never been to romania but would love to go , i 'm a healthy mid 20 's guy so to be honest i have n't much need for nordic healthcare or welfare at this stage in my life and i 'd prefer messy and fun to clean and clinical life here for a while . 
  hmm , i actually would consider it but unless english can be a working language i 'm not sure i could learn romanian knowing i 'm probably not in it for the long haul . 
  but seriously , i earn about 2.5 k as a front end css/html/jscript guy who dabbles in a bit of php/asp , cms customization and that sort of thing . 
  after tax and insurances i take home just under 2k and after i pay my rent and bills i 'm left with something like $ 900 / $ 1000 in a country where a night out with food followed by drinks and club then a taxi home will run to about $ 100 . 
  put simply developer jobs here put you firmly in the average joe class, 
  i agree fully but at the same time here we are . 
  but approved by the un resolution, 
   and naturally they are much more wary about immigration than the people in west germany . 
  is that really the case or could it be more like , more people in west germany come from a mixed race background and are therefore less likely to oppose immigration, 
   average web dev  1500e/month in a country where the average is 400/month eh , sign me up ? 
  we pretty much have a glut of techies out of jobs here with the economy/nokia and other shit . 
  goddamn you auto-correct , * shakes fist *, 
   you know , europe is n't a non-existent actor . 
  you could suggest that your own country does something also . 
  yea we could but you 're the ones who promised to protect the saudis and in return they trade their oil in dollars so ... . . 
  cough , cough , ukraine . 
  i 've been called all sorts of things here for pointing out there is bias in western media but hey if it takes this situation to finally make it sink in i 'm just happy for it, 
  i 'm your linkbot but only because i fully agree and find all adam curtis amazing https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcy8uljrhpm, 
  putin also swings to the right it seems , i wonder will that be the next article, 
   christianity borrowed most of these celebrations . 
  we 're just borrowing them back .
