  i remember when mods here would leave a reasoning in the comments when they remove threads and i do n't know what they would stop such a practice unless it is indeed drama they seek . 
  but drama is good , drama is lyfe . 
  i mean who does n't like a good popcorn thread , it 's half the reason i come to this sub , if they did n't want drama why else would we have these flairs . 
  try having the same profile as one of those guys in the video and crossing between sweden and finland on the ferry , you will be randomly checked and rightfully so . 
  well you * can * be asked for id going from finland to sweden so i 'm pretty sure that ca n't be true for france to dublin/uk since they are not in shengen . 
  times like this i 'm glad i live in a cold and inhospitable place . 
  french people are far more tolerant than i give them credit for, 
  http://snoopsnoo.com/ it 's new and pretty amazing http://www.redditinvestigator.com/ is good too and then http://uneddit.com/ for restoring deleted comments . 
  add res and you got the full anti shill package, 
   not having good choices does n't absolve you from the responsibility of making them , but there 's a difference between `` he made a bad choice because no good ones were available '' and `` he should n't have made that choice '' . 
  well look it \\ s sunday and i do n't really feel like raising my blood pressure on internet discussions but i first read that sunday times article and it rubbed me as another hit piece , i later read glen greanwalds rebuttal to it on the intercept and he does point out a lot of bias , zero actual sources and more importantly actual factual errors . 
  i guess it is fair to say nobody is infallible , in my life i always try to look at both sides of the argument and `` who gains what '' as a basic tenant of geopolitics , politics and more so i know what the government have to gain by smearing snowden but putting myself in their shoes i have to wonder have they not considered what they have to lose by provoking ( and lying in my view ) about him like this ? 
  all things considered i can only conclude snowden is a true american patriot because given his treatment and the amount of character assassination going on i would have sold out the us and it 's partners in crime long ago . 
  ugh looking at your [ reddit posting profile it 's obvious i 'm talking to someone from within the military industrial complex ] ( http://i.imgur.com/hdjx6to.png ) so i do n't expect your view on this to be anything other than highly subjective and biased ( if not bought ) your whole argument is `` people ca n't be trusted '' well i have a question for you buddy , if not a well regarded journalist who else could one trust with this information so as to make sure it is safely brought into the public llight ? 
  put simply if you were snowden , how would you go about getting the relevant info into the public domain ? 
  i 've thought about this and i really ca n't think of any better path than snowden chose as it was clearly more of a liability if he held onto them personally as access to the files could then be used as leverage for his freedom . 
  if you can actually think about that and engage with me about the best practice whistleblower process maybe i can take our concerns seriously and change my initial opinion that you are just just another cog in the military industrial machine . 
  oh i know it would never make sense here , we have power connections on every parking space just to warm our cars in the morning so we are not going to worry too much about that but i 've seen a tesla taxi here and i know for sure if i was that guy where i would stop on my lunch or coffee break . 
   i do n't know about finland , but in norway ( atleast where i live ) there are very few hookers trying to find work outside in the daytime ( yeah , i get it was only an example ) . 
  same here but again thinking outside the box of the nordics and more like the legendary polish highway women, 
  i already seen the figures here showing greece employs less public workers per capita than germany or the uk . 
  i think the problem you refer to is the small amount of other employment not the problem of large public sector as that is now a myth, 
  i can think of many reasons , for sure i would n't got out of my way to do it but if there was on my way home from work which there will be i 'd stop there to make some phone calls and maybe have a coffee . 
  the battery is 42kw so at even $ 0.10 per kw thats $ 4.20 you save . 
  now that i think even more deeply about what you can do in 25 minutes i wonder if tesla have had any trouble with hookers hanging out at superchargers , tesla owners would seem like a prime market imo , 
   i 'll give you $ 10,000,000 if you give me a decrypted copy of your files . 
      you do n't need to crack aes-256 . 
  you need the plaintext of whatever 's encrypted . 
  there 's more than one way to go about getting that . 
  well then who does the fault lie with ? 
  please bear in mind snowden put a lot of thought about who to trust with these files and has not personally had copies of them since he was in china when giving me your answer . 
  then think again about how this article is being phrased and who they point blame toward . 
  when such blatant narratives are being put on display i ca n't help but to call wolf, 
  so so making it ilegal to boycott israel indefinitely is totally a good thing to add to our democracy . 
  the last thing they need is more encouragement to commit war crimes, 
  it 's actually not that bad , i just read the online opsec part but they cover all the bases there ( although i would criticize them for directing people toward the most popular options , therefore the most probably vector of attack ) an old version tor browser bundle everyone uses contained a trojan a while back becasue obviously it made sense for nsa/ghcq to try and bug the product used by 90 % of tor users . 
  put simply they create a guide on good opsec but being good only puts you on the same level as the other low hanging fruit that gets caught . 
  if they wanted to do it right they would be encouraging people to always branch out and change things up . 
  you are right to say what you say but there is so many glaring inconsistency 's in this story and obvious details left out . 
  i 'll bullet point a few . 
  * why frame this on snowden , he has n't had control of the files since he was in china and he handed them off safely  glenn greenwald has repeatedly said that snowden 's data was only accessed on air-gapped computers and snowden himself did n't have the files anymore once he handed them over . 
  there is nothing to `` hack into '' . 
  essentially they start this whole story with an ad hominem . 
  * even if someone who has the files did n't keep protocol ( which i assume would be letting them nowhere near the internet ) aes encryption is unbreakable and would require getting inside the brain of the person with the password . 
  not the work of * le russkie/chinese hacker threat * essentially if this is such a big deal why make such a balls of the reporting on it . 
  `` it 's snowdens fault for everything waaaaaaa '' , is all i read here, 
   people often think that without the supercharger you 're screwed and ca n't drive your tesla , but it really is just intended to be used on longer trips but are n't the superchargers free ? 
  knowing how we are i predict we would drive there and wait just to recharge the car . 
  now that i watch it again you are right , at 0:12 you can see the massive one taking off her sweater and th last one clearly throws it in the air . 
  fucking hell have they no respect for themselves . 
  well all i can say is more fool me for giving them some benefit and for those who do n't have experience with gypsy 's i guess this is a perfect example of what happens when you give them some benefit of the doubt and then get burned and do n't trust them ever again . 
  ah and that image , uhghfdgh , i 'd swear i was looking at a dude in a dress, 
  that 's actually quite good, 
  i can agree with stopping them from getting away but not sure what the tits out thing is about , seems a bit , urm rapey in a way were they putting stuff down their bra 's or what ? 
  edit : fuck i 've been gypsy tricked, 
  i find the key to not being robbed or hassled anywhere is to perfect that rough look where you ca n't be sure if it 's a hipster or homeless person but people will figure it out once they talk to you . 
  you can model your interaction based on desired outcome . 
  meet an asshole , act like a drugged up homeless person , meet a hot chick , act like some too cool for school hipster . 
  source : backpacked everywhere for a year , slept everywhere , never got robbed . 
  not you , tortulho said he * threatened * to , that never happened and appeared somewhere along the chinese whispers of news media . 
  8/10 needed more russian fifth column but otherwise an interesting tale of half truths . 
  also how about quoting varoufakis in his own words , he recorded his sessions so as to have a personal record and not be taken out of context `` i know what i said because i can hear myself saying it again if i like '' was any details made public ? 
  no , now move along, 
   i do n't think a french person would understand that . 
   [ hon hon hon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d__nuj-rqag ), 
  i 'm here reading this exact bill which was passed that savannajeff linked further down in the thread as we speak just looking at the negotiating position of the us ( which is what they just passed ) it seems they are trying to do a lot of things i fundamentally disagree with . 
  of course there will be an eu side as well but everything official i have seen does n't speak to me, 
  thanks for clearing that up , i was actually worried you were n't a guy of reason and logic for a second there, 
  so how does that differ from my original comment where i stated * this is just a proposed amendment to the deal meaning that it will be part of the usa 's negotiating strategy * i never said it will be in ttip , i stated this will form part of the usa 's negotiation position to which you disagreed for some unknown reason which i still do n't understand, 
  so yea , i beg to differ , sounds like it has a lot to do with ttip , it fact it specifically references ttip and only ttip . 
  it also sounds like any boycott on arab league countries which i believe saudi arabia is a member would be something the us is advocating in this trade deal in general . -- ** with respect to an agreement that is proposed to be entered into with the transatlantic trade and investment partnership countries and to which section 103 ( b ) will apply , the principal negotiating objectives of the united states regarding commercial partnerships are the following : ** ( i ) to discourage actions by potential trading partners that directly or indirectly prejudice or otherwise discourage commercial activity solely between the united states and israel . 
  ( ii ) to discourage politically motivated actions to boycott , divest from , or sanction israel and to seek the elimination of politically motivated nontariff barriers on israeli goods , services , or other commerce imposed on the state of israel . 
  ** ( iii ) to seek the elimination of state sponsored unsanctioned foreign boycotts against israel or compliance with the arab league boycott of israel by prospective trading partners ** ( b ) definition . -- in this paragraph , the term `` actions to boycott , divest from , or sanction israel '' means actions by states , non-member states of the united nations , international organizations , or affiliated agencies of international organizations that are politically motivated and are intended to penalize or otherwise limit commercial relations specifically with israel or persons doing business in israel or in israeli-controlled territories . 
  sometimes i really do think you are here to mislead us as this bill pretty much says in black and white the aim of the usa is to negotiate into the treaty a clause that protects israel and their middle eastern allies from any potential boycott . 
  and you gathered all that from the article or other sources becasue from the article i do n't know how you could come to that conclusion  the united states house of representatives on friday approved a measure to allow a `` fast track '' process for a free trade agreement between the us and europe , ** which includes a section obligating eu countries to refrain from any kind of boycotts on israeli goods . 
  i think i can already answer that in that this is just a proposed amendment to the deal meaning that it will be part of the usa 's negotiating strategy . 
  in other words they voted to give permission to pursue this in the talks . 
  but still one more example about how this deal is less about trade and more about imposing will . 
  free trade * is * a good thing this deal which is protecting dominance in certain sectors is not . 
  extending copyright and patents is not free trade , although i have n't seen it all yet it seems most this agreement has nothing to do with free trade and more about cooperate protectionism, 
  oh , you got to be kidding me . 
  if i was mostly opposed to ttip before you can be sure i am now . 
  not surprising when the plant they were building for us here in finland turned out to cost three times the original estimate . 
  we even had to get the ruskies to build our new on that 's how bad they seem to be https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/olkiluoto_nuclear_power_plant, 
  * must maintain the echo chamber at all costs *, 
   german media did speculate that maybe she wanted to become general secretary of the un later in her life , but she never ruled out running again . 
  you know what that 's exactly the news i remember reading . 
  when i 'm wrong i 'm wrong , and this time i have to say you are correct , it was speculation about it and the eu post, 
  orion what up ? 
  did you get banned from ukrcoflict sub as well ? 
  i made one simon ostrovsky joke about the whole subfapping themselves to his new trailer and they banned me lol, 
   there is no concerted government effort to directly influence newspapers and tv channels to deliberately spread propaganda on greece . 
  that 's a conspiracy theory . 
  oh i know very well there is n't a concerted effort it 's simply called ideology , believe it or not there is a * `` western '' * hivemind not dissimilar to how reddit operates where certain opinions are upvoted ( mainstream ) and certain ones are relegated to the sidelines ( `` conspiracy '' / `` populist '' ) while this mostly happens in peoples own subjective consciousness , newspapers and the media have editors `` moderators '' who keep things on track and remove/sideline content that does n't fit the narrative they or their backers support . 
   but journalists have opinions , and western journalists have western opinions and pursue western interests , of course . 
  greek press is more pro-greek than the english , french or german press . 
  that is true and to a certain extent that is why in europe you have this kind of battle of words between the likes of `` westerners '' and `` nationalists '' / `` populists '' and so on . 
  in my opinion it 's also why this idea of nationalism is being given a dirty image in europe as something negative and from the past . 
  for the people in favor of a united europe nationalism is something they must actually try and erase to make the eu work . 
  personally i do n't know how i feel about that becasue the europe i see before me is not the kid of society i admire and currently exists in my own country .
