   90 % of russian media is owned by the kremlin , and 90 % of the us govnerment is owned by lobbyists and the same owners of said lobbyists own 90 % of the media there too . 
  in reality there is no difference, 
   growth is always a good thing . 
  what about house price ~ ~ inflation ~ ~ * ^ cough * growth ? 
  whats the point earning more when all that appears to have happened is the re-inflation of a property bubble via qe and deposit box apartments, 
  when you factor in inflation you can definitely call it a lost decade, 
  it 's called the seven year cycle and you would be entirely correct . 
  * 1987 us stock market crash * 1994 bond market massacre * 2001 dot com bubble * 2008 sup prime bubble * 2015 looks like the qe fueled stock/bond bubble or perhaps sovereign debt bubble . 
  i mean just look at how the dow jones is have been in a seven year bull market and just bounced hard off a triple top all this year . 
  no more qe money and i think it will burst as soon as the fed raises rates and companies cash in those stock bay backs financed at 0 %, 
  til : german police are / r/europe moderators ^ ^ hue , ^ ^ hue , ^ ^ ^ hue, 
   full blown nazi subreddit . 
  they 're so far gone they all hate each other too . 
  no one is quite up to their standards including themselves . 
  sometimes i post there to see is it possible to have discussion but yea it 's too much work . 
  i assume when the mods here start banning the more reasonable people a / r/trueeurope will emerge as the middle ground . 
   in rural russia with nothing around you for hundreds of kilometres , not so much . 
  hundreds of kilometers might be a bit more considering how the article phrases it . 
   * the plots of land will be no closer than 20 kilometres to settlements with 300,000 or more residents ; and no closer than 10 kilometres to towns with 50,000 to 300,000 residents . 
  * thing is free land is free land . 
  you must be expecting the work of clearing and draining it but the reward is after fiver years of improving it it 's yours to do as you wish . 
  i probably would n't take the offer myself but i know many who might . 
   at what point does the left begin to admit that islam as it exists is inherently problematic for non-islamic citizens or neighbours ? 
  eh i would literally belong to near marxist far left and i agree with you 100 % . 
  social cohesion and community is one of the most important elements of `` the generic left '' you know in fact i would stop all but intra eu migration until we get our unemployment under 5 %, 
  i grew up on a small beef farm , it 's pretty damm easy, 
  good analogy assuming you live in a country where arranged marriage is the norm and you have no say in how/who and when i wonder is there in fact a way to do a `` pre-nup '' when it comes to corporations and isds better analogy : figure out the dumbest rich guy/country in the room , give him a blowjob/bribe and tell him he gets one of those every day of his life if he will marry you . 
  then get divorced and tell him he owes you a living for life and move on to the next dumbfuck after you broke the last guy . 
  until we somehow figure out a foolproof system of fair and representative direct democracy governments should not be allowed make legal contracts that could end up undermining the sovereignty of their people . 
  and yes bulldozing entire villages becasue a corrupt govnerment said it 's ok comes under that . 
  how the hell you ca n't see whats wrong with this considering the corrupt shits you elected in ireland 's recent history is beyond me, 
   foreign investors should n't care about the political situation they do n't thats why most western countries favored corrupt dictators in the past . 
   it makes romania a lot more attractive for foreign business of course it does , you can simply pay a bribe to get what you want and when anyone goes back on it you can sue them in kangaroo court . 
  i mean if people ca n't understand how this shit shit is not democratic and open to abuse humanity is a lost cause, 
   if a government signs off a promise to sell you a parcel of land and allow you to develop a project , it should either follow the promise or pay you heavy damages . 
  and what if that govnerment is obviously corrupt or hell lets just say it 's a dictator ? 
  is that word still law ? 
  you do n't have to know how isds works to fundamentally believe the citizens of a state should hold the ultimate power in a nation and no rule should be made that overrules the power of their state . 
  it does n't warrant you telling someone to go read something that has n't been released yet as an intellectually honest rebuttal either * `` maybe you should read the submission of claim documents , instead of this terribly biased report instead ? 
  in fact fascism is one thing that nobody agrees an exact definition of . 
  it 's probably easier to say what it 's not or what it 's against and that 's socialism/communism, 
  they are useful but wealth and general wellbeing of citizens/corruption/press freedom does not define what political ideology they live under . 
  fascism is at it 's most basic an economic ideology that merges the power of state and the corporation . 
  the repression comes after the fact . 
   you wasted a lot of time writing that whataboutist comment that nobody cares and proves my point . 
  nope i made a point of devoting equal time to how both states are fascist in my view so do n't try and wiggle your way out of it with your `` whataboutism '' news speak . 
  ( which by the way you did n't even use correctly ) only someone who ca n't formulate an actual argument of their own falls back on such lame excuses . 
  all you have done is proven to me you are just a troll who ca n't foment real opinions of their own nor argue an actual point without falling backed on canned answers . 
  it was fun but i expected exactly this sort of weak response , . 
  heres a hint , actual * debate * means when you say i defined fascism wrong you actually * refute * it . 
  you only made your own argument all the weaker by leaving that out , ), 
  but i have n't made my mind up , from where i live and considering the civil rights , free press , tame police i enjoy on a daily basis both the us and russia look quite high on the scale of fascism to me and you can include china there if you like as well . 
  i am interested to her other points of view backed up by reason if anyone will engage however . 
  in fact my mind is * not * made up otherwise i 'd have no objective in discussing this . 
  lol you actually wasted more characters than i did in my last reply telling me i do n't make a point instead of actually making a constructive point . 
  l-oh-fricin-l ok so seriously as a preface to debate consider here my definition of fascism and subsequent critique * as an economic system , fascism is socialism with a capitalist veneer . 
  * * where socialism sought totalitarian control of a society 's economic processes through direct state operation of the means of production , fascism sought that control indirectly , through domination of nominally private owners . 
  where socialism nationalized property explicitly , fascism did so implicitly , by requiring owners to use their property in the `` national interest '' -- that is , as the autocratic authority conceived it . 
  * now both the us and russia could tick boxes on multiple points here . 
  to get an accurate picture however i think it 's only fair to discuss the evolution of both states , the usa of 100 years ago was pure capitalism , then you had the great recession and the new deal , public works programs were started , the federal state started to take control of the individual state banks and huge planned projects were implemented like the hover dam , this brought agriculture to deserts and overall they would refer to this as the mixed economy but to me the great recession was where capitalism ended in usa . 
  now you have the most militarized police in the world and the most advanced surveillance state . 
  you can not collect the water off your roof as it belongs to the state and in most places it 's now illegal to even grow vegetables in you own garden . 
  the level of which the state interferes in peoples lives is arguably greater than any other civilized nation in the world . 
  to me this is fascism and most certainly not capitalism . 
  this is just an introduction by the way , we have yet to mention the growing influence of banking and corporations but i want to see how serious you are here . 
  to look at russia it has always been a sort of feudal state where power and control is held in the hands of a few rich czars who basically dictate how policy will be made , then you had the communist period which brought in a totally difference ideology to feudalism and pretty much the opposite of fascism , then this collapsed , you again had the rise of the oligarchs under yeltsin which was somewhat rolled during the putin era to this idea of state controlled capitalism , going back to my original definition above you could say economically leans toward socialist totalitarianism considerings putin 's like for nationalizing business and jailing oligarchs . 
  gasprom fits the perfect socialist model being that it 's state owned ( owned by everyone ) and citizens are free to buy shares , then in the background you still have the czars who own many of the big business but it seems more to me that the state is at arms with than rather than working with them as evidenced by the actions of the russian govnerment over the last decades . 
  to me it seems like they share power . 
  then you have the media , for sure that is state owned in most cases which is considered socialist but then you have the private media which is also told what to do by the state and for sure that is fascist , bloggers law again is fascist . 
  again this is just an introduction to my opinions but i think i have no devoted equal screenspace to both countries and again they both seem more fascist than where i live but it 's still the usa where i see private companies being the muscle men and used to bully other nations whereas russia bullies through it 's state companies like gasprom . 
  rosneft etc. 
  now your turn mr know it all ore do you just have `` blah , blah * < insert newspeak  , < whataboutism  * '' as a comeback, 
   eu is stronger on paper but when push comes to shove it falls apart . 
  and crisis is also what brings unions closer . 
  if and actual eu country faced invasion from russia do you not think it would spur serious military cohesion from the eu . 
  right now nato is preventing that and it 's another form of eu being a lesser limb of the usa rather than it 's own separate entity, 
   hdi , press freedom , civil rights abuses , judicial transparency , governmental accountability , you may well be right on that , ( at least i do believe you are on the first two ) but from where i am standing both the usa and russia look like fascist states to me with the main difference when you look behind the curtain being russia goes with state powered capitalism nowadays while the usa is the corporate owned state . 
   the eu would not get its act together . 
  i 'm not sure about that , the end of us hegemony might be the kick the eu needs to get it 's act together . 
  plus plenty of people see the eu as a trojan horse for us interests since the us is still more powerful than the eu as a whole . 
  on a level playing field where the eu stopped sheepishly following the usa it might even turn this eurosceptic into someone who supports the idea, 
  i would call living off once acre bare minimum , with one hectare you have the option to pool resources with friends on neighboring plots though so there is always the option for one person to become specialist in , like you say wood/carpentry then you have perhaps pellet stoves from their waste . 
  by no means a great life but by no means bare minimum either . 
   whataboutism whataboutism is a stupid doublespeak term to begin with so unless you want to back up your post with actual facts instead of news speak i think we are done . 
  i live in finland , to my eyes both the usa and russia appear about the same on the authoritarian scale from where i 'm standing . 
  tell me how russia is worse and i 'll listen but stupid remarks like that do n't show you have a good knowledge of this subject at all . 
   of course he says such things , because he would like to see eu more dependant on russia 's resources . 
  i do n't believe that , the eu will always be stronger militarily and economically than russia . 
  russia would just like to settle scores with the us and knock them off their perch which could equally benefit both europe and russia . 
  ending us hegemony and bringing in a a more multipolar world would mostly hurt the usa and i 'm in support of that, 
   fascism do n't make me laugh , the usa is more of a police state than russia through it 's military policing/surveillance state and that is the major component of fascism . 
  half crops and half put toward a pig/goat pen plus chickens . 
  i believe goats are the most efficient dairy/meat producers but pigs will take care of all the plant scraps and any waste . 
  if you want to be even more land efficient work on a permaculture setup . 
  on a normal primitive farming setup 10sqm of potatoes will feed one person for a year . 
  so with those basics out of the way that leaves you with 90sqm for fancy stuff like meat and eggs and those animals will produce manure . 
  assuming you keep improving the quality of the land over time there really is no problem living of 1ha . 
  if you need to grow your own firewood it would complicate things but since towns are 10 -20 km away i do n't think this is 100 % necessary . 
  now add a partner and you got two hectares . 
  seriously people live off much less .
