  why ? 
  is one person responsible for an entire race ? 
  i ca n't make heads or tails of your `` argument '' , it makes no logical sense . 
  reddit clearly does , `` as a black person i watched this thinking please do n't ... . '' is a common top comment in any r/videos `` armed robber does bad things '' video, 
  i did n't say mass shootings , just talking about your average run of the mill homicide, 
  it 's a direct quote , not an article, 
  i do n't get the point of your comment.if anything you should point your sarcasm to the israeli media in the article i linked that only serve to amplify the message . 
  i 'm sure most normal jews reading about this will just be facepalming going `` why did he have to be jewish '' same as any time there is a shooting in the us black people will think `` please do n't be black , please do n't be black '' stereotypes exist , get over it, 
  what 's ironic and somewhat disturbing is that * jew bankers * literally did this . 
  [ missing moldova fortune raises fears of anti-semitic attacks ] ( http://www.timesofisrael.com/missing-moldova-fortune-raises-fears-of-anti-semitic-attacks/ ) way to reinforce a negative stereotype in an entire country guys, 
  it 's behind a paywall for me but [ here is a google referred ft link ] ( http://www.google.com/url?sa=t&amp;rct=j&amp;q=&amp;esrc=s&amp;source=web&amp;cd=1&amp;cad=rja&amp;uact=8&amp;ved=0cb4qqqiwaa&amp;url=http%3a%2f%2fwww.ft.com%2fcms%2fs%2f0%2ffb55b4f2-14fc-11e5-9509-00144feabdc0.html&amp;ei=4iccvzvvgywasah2347qbw&amp;usg=afqjcnhy4haeg7apgkx7uusxpqtwqm_yrg&amp;sig2=kmwz98hkf9tztv43p9-uva&amp;bvm=bv.96041959,d.bgg ) that should work ( assuming it 's the same article ) there is so much stupid going on in europe i find it unbelievable we are following this same path of destruction when the answer is simply launch qe for the people , instead of debasing the money supply and giving the money to the banks we need qe with the money going directly into state infrastructure projects that will employ people in their construction and add value to the economy in the long run . 
   even if putin wanted to help , he ca n't . 
  his finances are not that good and he has enough problems on his plate . 
  why does he need to help , he only needs to cooperate * a greek default is bad for europe and by proxy good for russia as it weakens europe . 
  * it 's in russia 's interest to ensure a post ez greek economy at a very minimum does n't collapse even further as greece doing just fine outside the eurozone shows other members there is indeed a second way * gas pipelines and porting russian gas through there over eu pipeline plans . 
  * greece with zero debt is not the same as greece with 170 % or so to gdp . 
  by simply extending credit at normalish rates with perhaps guarantees in place they can get them through the storm and after that the greek economy will recover much after just like iceland . 
  if putin does n't offer them something then he 's not as smart as i gave him credit for imo . 
   greeks do n't have money at this point , they still have a strategic position . 
  also , europe has been trying do diversify its energy imports , which would make greece a large transit point , that in the hands of russia and europe has failed again , saying goodby to more diverse energy suppliers . 
   nobody told them to turn our country into russia 's bitch . 
  it 's called leverage and despite what you say it 's good to have options as it gets you better deals . 
   but how can they physically be raped by women ? 
  i guess blackmail rape could still technically be rape , i.e. 
  `` you sleep with me or you 're losing your job '' , which in the end could end up just being blackmailing if the male does n't consent , but other than that i ca n't see how female to male rape could happen . 
  you 've never woken up with a boner ? 
  i sleep very deeply and i 've literally woken up inside my gf on occasion , she think 's it 's sexy and usually i do n't complain but sometimes it has felt inconvenient . 
  actually she 's pregnant right now and counting back the weeks i have a running joke going that it could be a rape baby , she does n't like that at all . 
  thankfully that makes this ruing sound just a little less insane . 
  germany and it 's digital stazi gema have got to go however, 
  well it would be nice to have a choice, 
  i think that poll was shown to contain a lot of bias and the reality is n't as simple as that . 
  i 'll admit it 's not fully representative but every little helps . 
  i 'll still like to see it though, 
  there is no such thing as defenses , most the money in the world is in private hands and if a few of them think the 10 year outlook for europe is continuing negative all the defenses in the world will mean nothing . 
  as much as i hate the banking class with a passion they really are naive enough to never see the crisis coming, 
   it is blatant that the formulation of the answers are designed for a specific purpose . 
  the first question includes a negative alternative at the end . 
  moreover , even if we ignore the blatant manipulation , the poll still would be wrong . 
  the person answering in polls is always inherently predisposed to choosing the `` middle solution '' . 
  there should have been equal number of answers concerning the two events of staying in eu-leaving eu . 
  thank you for this , when i see a lack of interviews on the streets it does make me wonder why that might be . 
  if i was a greek person right now i would be setting up a camera on the street continuously recording and stopping 1000 people at random to ask them honest questions . 
  while no poll is unbiased at least the recording serves as proof you did n't intentionally manipulate it and serves as proof . 
  is there any english reported media that you say accurately describes the situation that i can investigate ? 
  what would you say the opinion of greeks are now , they still support syriza ? 
   do you think that the current proposal and the following third bailout will pass in the finnish parliament ? 
  from what i 'm reading you guys are n't very happy with greece . 
  good question , you know it has n't actually been discussed as much as i thought it would be here , i 'd imagine we would approve it if the germans did . 
  even our eurosceptic finance minister sounds quite soft at least in this english article . 
   `` credibility will be compromised and rules will become meaningless if they are n't applied . 
  it will erode credibility and support for the eu . 
  one would hope that greece is able to pull itself together , but the syriza government has n't made the situation any easier , '' he observed . 
   however the foreign minister said that something must be done about the country 's acute crisis . 
  maybe i do n't but i 've sure invested hundreds of hours of spare time in it at this stage . 
  it is difficult to tell who is gaining what from this but i can only assume all `` emergency '' talk makes the prospect of a deal before the end of the month more acceptable to both germans and greeks, 
   if they are not going to let it happen , they sure as hell should stop this right now . 
  nobody will accept a lose/lose deal unless there is enough fear generated first . 
  that 's how politics seems to work . 
  oh yea i agree with your line of thinking , illegal migrants are a great bogeyman to distract us from our own problems too . 
  does n't really matter with regard to the euro , merkel has recently said a weaker euro is still desirable to help exports in southern states . 
  1:1 with dollar is acceptable . 
   except greece wo n't back down . 
  i do n't know why everybody 's convinced themselves syriza is bluffing , when they clearly mean every word they say . 
  greece is not bluffing , germany/ecb/imf are now bluffing hoping discord about all this `` preparing for emergency measures '' will turn public opinion in greece to supporting a syriza negotiation . 
  it also has the side effect of buttering up the germans for a last minute bailout should it come to that . 
   what is there to think ? 
  they think they 're fate is in the hands of others , which is perfectly true , and they 're waiting to see what will happen . 
  i 'd just like to hear some opinions from real people of different age groups , i hate recycled media opinion and like first hand accounts more . 
  anyway i 'll bet you or any other other regular here a pizza delivered to an address of their choice there will be deal . 
  i 'm still convinced the eu wo n't let this happen . 
  this is just the market shakedown and `` look what happens if you do this '' to force public opinion and get greece to back down . 
  at the same time i also think it would be better for greece if they did leave but selling that seem to be difficult at home . 
  on a sidepoint , why have n't i see any interviews with greek people on the streets regarding their opinion on this , all you hear about is eu talks but i never hear greek people being interviewed on what they think . 
   and was not ordered to do so . 
  the * order * is the motivation that deep down the author knows this is exactly the sort of bullshit that can earn him a promotion . 
  proving your loyalty is how you rise to the top is these morally corrupt media institutions . 
  i 'd call them worse but reddit seems touchy about outright namedropping `` western propaganda '' and that right there is how censoring yourself begins . 
  but what would it be called ... the robin ? 
  remember kids , at the last g20 they were in an awful rush to get all countries to implement bail in legislation . 
  i 'm not dumb enough to keep my savings in a bank but be aware it 's not safe either if shit does go south, 
  eh i am very much left of the political spectrum but also very much anti illegal immigration . 
  it 's not black and white but put simply i believe of taking care of our own people and fixing our own problem so then we are in a position to think about others . 
   there 's nothing crazy about corporations hiring a few trolls on reddit to try and manipulate people 's opinions against their own interests , when there are billions of dollars of additional profits to be made by ripping off the 99 % . 
  do n't worry they are not stupid enough to let an opportunity like that go to waste www.reddit.com/r/iama/comments/pku22/iama_former_koch_industries_pr_sock_puppet_ama/, 
   `` expiration date '' `` best before '' is not an `` expiration date '' as someone who lived off the reduced isle in the supermarket and even dumster diving in college i wanted to slap that ungrateful bastard so hard right then . 
  after 2007 and well there is no way to go from france to ireland without entering international water as well . 
  i believe if you arouse suspicion emigration authorities are within their right to ask you to present id and they usually know who to pick out based on appearance , ), 
  nope , seen it happen from finland to estonia as well, 
  it 's still dumb that the mods do n't mention why and when they remove popular submission in the comments, 
  hey i 'm just an advertising guy , obviously we need a few military experts onboard this startup enterprise as well . 
  that said they could be useful for raids on the shores of libya sandbagging boats before they leave the shores, 
  someone had the right idea when they said we should crowdfund it . 
  our * leaders * will surely get the point when have enough money pledged to buy and man the mistral ships to kick pirate ass with a private army in the mediterranean . 
  why ca n't we just get some millionaire to buy a pirate ship and be the hero europe needs right now . 
  oh wait , the richest in society probably love this, 
  nobody can be held responsible foe somebody elses private corruption . 
  damm a lot of people seem to be unable to understand sarcasm in these comments, 
  the guy was only obeying subreddit rules by using the same title as that on youtube . 
  if the mods wanted they would have told him to resubmit it with a different title if this was the only issue .
