   it is n't much of a logical leap to apply it to native finns who take advantage of the system too . 
  nope they get it too , mainly the native gypsy 's though, 
  yep , thats a good litmus test, 
  i might not be included myself since technically i 'm a dual citizen but as someone who supports the idea of basic income and want it to succeed i think there needs to be conditions in place to stop it making us a welfare tourism destination . 
  proper basic income would n't mean much was different than it is today where you can be a career mustalainen and live off the state for better part of your life and basic income will still mean nothing different for our home grown wasters but i still think there needs to be conditions that stop the horde that reads about it when the news of `` basic income in finland '' goes global . 
   in 11 days it will be exactly 7 years since i moved to finland . 
  seven years is how long you must be here for full citizenship right ? 
  in that case maybe people who satisfy the requirements for naturalization should be included too since they are relatively strict, 
  wow spain is going back to full fascism faster than i thought . 
  does the eu not have something to say about their freaking gag laws . 
  i mean it sounds like something they should be all over, 
  i support basic income for citizens born in finland ( at least initially ) simply becasue it 's the only way we could be the first state to make it work without attracting the moochers . 
  the welfare state model only works when the people paying into it feel like they are getting value and looking after their extended family . 
  i 'm sure someone will call me racist but the fact is people do n't want to pay into a system that supports foreigners and refuges who have been granted residence who are statistically speaking more likely to bloat the system . 
  in the last few years i have seen views toward social security slowly change from `` of course you should apply to kela for that money , thats what it 's there for '' to `` foreigners taking our benefits '', 
   there 's no chance of sd ever forming a government with anything less than 50.1 % of the votes . 
  wow and you call that democracy sweden , you should get your priority 's right , any govnerment the establishment does n't like is now irreverent and you do n't even care ... ssshhhhhhhh, 
   nationalism is a pointless word politically unless you 're a catalan or a scot or any other group without a nation state of your own . 
  i do n't know , as long as we have stupid `` international laws '' saying we have to house and feed anyone showing up remotely near our borders then i do n't really feel like we have much say in how things are done . 
  to keep the thread positive can you point me toward any constructive and realistic debate about the huge numbers of immigrants and how the state will integrate them into swedish society from the major ( non sd ) parties . 
  sweden is causing this problem for itself by first ignoring the problem and then ignoring sd and saying `` lets make a deal never to play ball with these guys '' seeing how sd are being treated in sweden would make me ( the typical anti establishment pirate party voter ) vote for them too . 
  oh and nice double negative on the appeal for no political downvotes . 
  as someone who gets shit on and downotes for having a realistic opinion about russia here i can only say learn to take it like a man/woman and quit whining either way . 
  i know all about mob downvotes becasue the exact same `` dae hate russia '' mob hits me with them ever time but whining about your views being suppressed is just lame . 
  why bother , it 's the same thing, 
  so you 're saying we get the ` too cool for poor , hipster first world wanabees ' here oh thats just great , the actually poor locals are probably glad to see the back of them . 
  ha , says the guy whose country bullied a small country on the edge of europe into submission with it 's geopolitical power . 
  realpolitk is never going away even if you try to pretend you are some sort of post nationalist, 
  yep , wish i could find the news story now but it was coupled in with an article stating how the police immigration service in the small city of turku ( where the ships stop ) have been inundated with refugees . 
  what boggles my mind is i 've taken the ferry between finland and sweden many times and i 've always had to show id to get my ticket . 
  so it would seem a. they had money and originated in sweden b. they had id of some sort to board the ship unless they stowed away somehow . 
  c. all of this went missing and they became refugees somewhere on a 24 hour cruise between stockholm and finland . 
  i 've had some drunken nights on those cruises but never so bad i became a stateless victim of persecution, 
  i nearly spilled my piim all over the keyboard there reading that . 
  i mean that has to have happened way too many times becasue there is nothing else you could mix it up with and it 's actually really popular here despite being bitter and disgusting . 
  same carton for everything but 3.5 % milk is red carton , 1.5 % is blue and fat free is light blue , then you have piim\u00e4 in the same carton but usually green . 
  i just find it great for diluting down smoothies as it 's watery but not full of sugar like fruit yogurt of juice . 
  thats funny , you guys use the word piim for milk ? 
  we use maito but piim\u00e4 is like really thin yogurt that i use for smoothies here so i 'm thinking it has to have something in common . 
  it 's their music festival so they can do what they want imo . 
  i 'm pretty involved with a punk festival and if we got complains from some ticket holders that a band we booked were of the nazi punk variety then of course we would ask them to clarify their views and if they wo n't then we kick them off the line up . 
  afaik this guy is a zionist , people who bought tickets were complaining so of course it 's their right to cancel him . 
  whats funny is how he thinks he can complain and make a big deal of it, 
  i downvote `` but muh karma '' whingers all the time . 
  try being me , a rational person who understands russia/ukraine is not just a moral situation and realpolitk still applies but i suck it up and take my downvotes without whining . 
  finnish media is reporting them arriving off the ferry from stockholm now . 
  but hey then try to question how an `` asylum seeker '' somehow managed to pass through all of europe and hop on a ferry from one safe country to another and thats * racist *, 
  i hate to say it but as someone who works in the general area it there seems to be a huge overlap between sjw 's and people who work in it . 
  lets just say i was n't surprised to see theskynet moderator of / r/java and / r/modtools, 
  it 's not us that worry about getting wet , [ i mean can you imagine a coridinated collapse of all these ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ft6cjyc.png ), 
  unfortunately the use of ko is pretty much as simple as tacking on a question mark , it 's one of the few endings that never changes . 
  yes you did , congrats you just learned something from about week two of finish for beginners . 
  yea china was getting boned by the rising dollar as well until they decided to break the link last week . 
  the 10 's will be remembered as the decade of currency wars before something goes bust, 
  no but europes trade surplus is exactly the reason we should be pushing to dump the petrodollar as global reserve currency moving to a more multipolar/basket of currency 's arrangement with the usa 's trade defect to the rest of the world they would take a severe hit while we would ride it out pretty much ok . what 's not ok to me however is how the us can be allowed to run an infinite trade defect so why do n't you take your greek logic stateside, 
  lol at the eastern europeans downvoting this becasue no doubt they think basic income is full communism, 
   surely it 's an idea that has some merit i though unrestrained capitalism without social transfers has already been shown to not work hence `` the nordic model '' this guy would rather eat the weak . 
  he 's a neo liberal asshole trying his best to dismantle the welfare state so of course trojan horses like tis guy would say such nonsense, 
  if vikings could do it over a thousand of years ago i 'm pretty sure africans have evolved to that level by now . 
  they seem to have got the old rape and pillaging part down anyway . 
  hmm i wonder how i could apply for this and still hold some moral credibility as an honest journalist . 
  oh wait ... . taking money for favorable opinions is literally bribery, 
  oh my god , if i was n't literally scared by how brainwashed you appear to be i might have some smart arse comment to make . 
  people like you should have to pass realpolitik 101 before commenting, 
  * clog * up the left lane ... hue hue hue, 
   tony blair and new labour was quite left wing on issues . 
  politically yes , economically they were as neo liberal as the conservatives and pushed the financialization of everything , faith in the markets and so on . 
  i 've very left wing and none of those issues mean that much to me personally becasue unless there is money in the coffers and the state has to power to shape the economy it does n't matter . 
  even today i oppose rights for illegal migrants and think people who are unemployed should be given compulsory work after 12 - 24 months as if you do n't have an economy and society that functions you have nothing . 
  true that but it really does go against the israeli narrative that the boycott has no effect and only hurts palestinians . 
  when they have to get their aipac friends to try and get it made illegal it does show they are afraid , after all jewish people should be well aware how the nazi boycotts worked, 
  oh how polite and considerate , something along the lines of go suck kissinger dick , realpolitk is a relic of the past , something something , russia , international law . 
  i find * troll * is getting too generic now . 
  but in all seriousness ukraine made a deal in minsk , should they really be the ones to launch offensives clearly in violation of it ? 
  man that might just be the first positive thing i 've heard happen to the british left wing since thatcher died , actually who am i kidding the british left died with new labour and tony blair, 
  just so everyone is aware our * friends ** in the usa are negotiating to have a ban on israeli boycotts included in ttip * `` free trade '' * treaty, 
  yea they should totally blow up the minsk treaty and get full on invaded by russia as a result , perfect opportunity to blame russia some more / s, 
   just , wow  public votes with anonymous sources . 
  i guess you do n't understand how your identity could be verified and given control of one address and key pair to verify you are who you say you are and a record of who you voted for . 
  also bitcoin is anything but anonymous , you can see ever transaction ever they just do n't have a name attached . 
  sorry by passing i mean oncoming traffic going by you quite quickly and with maybe one meter between you at most . 
  it 's hard to say but it 's kinds like learning something to muscle memory , you ca n't just drive for 48 hours solid and then say you mastered it . 
  first time i was two months driving on the `` wrong side '' the basics you get after a day or two when you are focusing intently on every move you make and while stressful it 's hard to slip up too badly . 
  mistakes here will be basic like instinctively using your right hand to shift and hitting the door . 
  once you start to feel comfortable is when i started slipping up , anything that you stay in the flow of traffic like going around roundabouts the opposite was was n't a problem as you are just going with the flow but junctions and especially city ones where you ca n't necessarily see where you are going once the light change were always the hardest . 
  for a week or so it also felt like my brain had trouble managing the depth perception meaning that it was hard for my brain to accurately tell how much space i had to spare between the passenger side and the edge of the road and usually that ability comes like a second sense when you get used to driving , for me it felt like i had to learn it again . 
  i repeated that same thing over and over many times now with long breaks driving on the `` right '' side again and i can the time to adjust got shorter and shorter until i barely notice it weird anymore . 
  think back to the things you first found ackward about driving and chances are many will pop up again , best analogy is it 's kinds like learning to play both hands effectively in tennis but not quite as hard as learning to write with your bad hand . 
  that said with irish driving unless you would feel comfortable with passing cars [ at maybe 50 - 60mph here ] ( http://www.mypeacelovehappiness.com/images/dsc00663.jpg ) the narrow roads around galway and the speed people drive on them may be disconcerting to an american whose is only getting used to the dimensions of driving being flipped . 
  once you bang your hand off the door a few times you 'll get it . 
  on a small new rental car you should get 40 - 50mpg no problem so would n't worry about the petrol costs . 
  from your route it sounds like you will be ok , it 's motorway from dublin to cork , to galway is good road again but as an american you will find the trip from galway to belfast fun if you take the most direct cross country route becasue compared to home roads will be quite narrow and very bendy but at least you will have a weeks driving behind you at that point . 
  watch out when turning left on t junctions as the instinct to turn out and fall in on the right hand side is strong , i 've now switched driving sides about ten times total and i can finally call myself ambidextrous behind the wheel that it does n't take practice but from what i learned it 's the `` i 'm getting good at this '' concentration lapses you need to look out for . 
  and the catholic church literally expelled the bolsheviks from ireland as they did n't want to face any threat to their power . 
  it 's amazing how fucked up and power hungry the church was then . 
   and how much did the german saver lose due to low interest rates ? 
  you really think after the financial crisis you would have anything but low interest rates . 
  look at denmark and sweden with their own relatively strong currencies and economies , sweden was dabbling with negative rates and i think denmark is pretty much at zero as well . 
  well at least you ca n't use the `` oh that guy disagrees with the circlejerk therefore he must be a russian shill/brianwashed / `` insert reasoning here '', 
  yes but again you are pointing out problems with bitcoin a specific implementation of blockchain technology and not the technology itself , there are other much more scalable protocols that could be used for many other services that requite 100 % auditable transparent traction ledgers , take for example e-voting where you can be sure nobody messed with the results .
