   if farmers lose money big deal they made a bad investment , good luck next time no need for special treatment so do you have the same opinion about banks or did you not support the bailouts in ireland then as well ? 
  also there is more to farming than market forces , the reason it 's often subsidized is to ensure a stable local food source , if land is not used it does n't just stay usable . 
  quota 's are also good for the environment , if you let farmers produce as much as they want you will see more fertilizer usage , more cows , more methane as they need to make more volume to cover fixed costs . 
   i am done . 
  no arguing with a russian troll . 
  ahh the new r/europe catch all insult that you wont get banned for . 
  different opinions does not equal `` troll '' for the record i believe every nation has the right to forge it 's own destiny and ukraine severely fucked up their own destiny staging that coup . 
  oh noez , \u017di\u017eek ca n't be part of the glorious tolerant r/europe sjw super-race, 
   because the eu provides money for greece , and we 're not giving it to them for free . 
  if greece wants to gamble it 's money away it can , except for the fact thanks to the eu `` gifts '' and the debt servicing that comes along with it greece needs more money to pay back the money they borrowed yesterday . 
  if they just call it what it is , a default they would be running a current account surplus and have no more need for eu money to balance the books . 
   policies like this will fuck the rest of the eu over , without real gain for the greek people , all the while giving ukraine a huge slap in the face . 
  i thought the eu had hedged it 's greek debt elsewhere and they ca n't have any affect , at least that 's what bild told me  it 's not greece 's fault either that ukraine decided to self implode like a powder keg , those people rioting on midan were offered fresh elections in six months and the old president would resign but they just had to riot and stage a coup anyway . 
  greece does n't have moral responsibility for their own actions and they do n't have a responsibility for cleaning up their mess either . 
  i did n't want a debate either , but it should be well understood abortion will be legal sooner rather than later for the personal choice reasons most people agree with . 
  what 's ridiculous is that people actually think they can stand in the way of this change when things like their own mortality draw closer every day and it 's youth who support the change . 
   the question of allowing a loving couple to marry has far fewer reasonable objections you could raise than terminating a pregnancy . 
  there are existential questions involved in the abortion debate , `` when does life begin '' , `` can it be called killing ? '', 
  `` the state is forcing me to support and care for what i know will be a severely handicapped child '' `` i was raped '' `` i can not reasonably support a child and provide it a good quality of line with my income '' do n't tell me there is no good reasons to terminate a pregnancy . 
  yes if only those people rioting at miadan could put the whole country 's interests above their own and waited six months for the agreed upon early elections instead of making a coup it could have been all different . 
  but by making it about money they you are only going to attract people interested in money . 
   the first one is being in the eu . 
  the second one is being part of the russian sphere of influence . 
  according to people on here thinking in terms of spheres of influence is so 19th century . 
  greece is more adversely affected that most eu countries by cutting it 's agriculture trade with russia and at the same time it 's more adversely affected by the inability to devalue the common eu currency . 
  i see no reason they should be some sort of loyal subject of the eu and syriza are the first party in decades who actually care about the well being of the people who actually elected them . 
   how does it put their own people first ? 
  sanctions are hurting the greek economy therefore no sanctions should better it . 
  logic works no ? 
  also i do n't flat out assume a default is necessarily a bad thing for greece , i think they should have done it years ago but that 's a different matter . 
   nearly 1m people in the uk now rely on food banks , poverty is growing , inequality is growing and the welfare state is being systematically dismantled , all of this in the 5th/6th richest nation on the planet . 
   spain is a cautionary tale for brits here here , well said, 
  sounds like someone wants the best of both worlds , russian prices and access to the common eu marketplace . 
  good for them , putting their own people first . 
  i ca n't think why the letters `` el '' are chosen so just going to assume they are now the mexico of europe, 
   very interesting video from the lithuanian perspective . 
  have you not seen the uploader , it 's literally the * nato perspective * and this is propaganda . 
  where is greece ? 
  why are they such cockblocks , it 's clear we all want to see it . 
  just like the us was thrilled to give china fair representation in the imf ? 
  so looks like it 's just the usa and north korea that wo n't be getting an invite then xd . 
  serves the us right for refusing to reform the imf all these years despite every other nation in the world demanding it . 
  meh , some of the motion shots like that one in the trinity college library would have looked much better and less jittery if the camera was static or it was just filmed with a normal camera . 
  they should just rename this sub / r/europpropaganda now, 
  i love taking responsibility for my own actions and would much prefer a system where workers take more personal responsibility and ownership over the means of production :p, 
   support for freedom . 
  lol , you really have bought the ticket and took the ride have n't you, 
   i think it 's possible that putin may grant greece some of what they 're asking in exchange for some token statements , and call it goodwill or whatever i think this , even if it 's just an offer of gas now as goodwill it will stir up the eu countries into thinking greece will accept other options and wo n't really cost russia much to troll the rest of the eu members . 
  the sanctions were only agreed upon for one year , all countries must sign a deal to extend them . 
  my guess is on greece not doing that . 
  or you know you could use your newfound sovereignty and independence to carve out a niche but lecurative area for your economy to focus on which is very doable for a small nation . 
  i 've always said the first sovereign state to stand up to the us and other surveillance states and enshrine private data sovereignty like the swiss did with banking privacy will do very well for themselves but that would take politicians with conviction , forward mindedness and balls . 
  it also helps ireland that geographically speaking is in the perfect location for a data center , right between the us and europe with ample green energy potential and cool climate . 
  i see us gaining independence , not having the bad pr of being tied to the us military machine , better relations with russia and a greater ability to chart our own foreign policy at the eu level without having to consider the wishes of the us as our main military backer and even a better sense of european unity . 
   nato was created to give ~ ~ russia ~ ~ the soviet union pause from it 's imperialistic tendencies . 
  ftfy , and here is where we differ , i do n't think there should be any `` global police '' and certainly not one that is controlled by a minority of human beings on this planet because chances are such a police force would only benefit themselves over others . 
   that was kind of the point of creating nato , to prevent a third world war in europe . 
  that was actually the point of the eu , which having almost reached 100 % coverage of europe should take over from nato at this point imo, 
  why would i want my europe tied to a north american alliance . 
  europe is well able to leave the yanks behind at this stage and that 's what they are more afraid of than anything . 
  the concept is great but it 's just a pity they ca n't keep themselves competitive with the likes of lidl even when they are working for their members, 
  it cant be called a market economy though when in practice the state can change the rules and do as it wishes with your company . 
  everything is cool in china until the government decides it 's not and you have so recourse . 
  should have seen that coming but where is china on your scale of successful planned economies since they seem to fit the criteria, 
  where is china ? 
  out of interest what do you call china 's economy ? 
  if anything i think russia is moving more to their style of rule . 
   for the syrzia lovers out here ; `` hi , i 'm your condescending conservative ... '', 
  as an irish expat this is embarrassing . 
  queuing that length of time for a for the most unhealthy of food just seems wrong . 
  you have a good attitude toward it and best case scenario you are 100 % correct . 
  somehow i tend to be more cynical about a lot of things from how efficiently it will be spent right down to questioning do we really want ukraine in a future eu anyway . 
   ukraine 's credit rating is n't really all that important . 
  it is as long as the countrys economy is going from bad to worse and us eu taxpayers money that 's propping them up gets thrown after bad, 
  but yet the good news did n't stop [ moody 's lowering ukraine 's rating credit another level ] ( http://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2015-03-24/ukraine-s-credit-rating-downgraded-by-moody-s-outlook-negative ) citing `` the likelihood of a default is almost certain . 
  the credit outlook is negative . '', 
  hardly that good when your economy is `` almost certainly '' about to implode any day now . 
  then you have the new corrupt oligarchs barricading themselves in buildings they do n't want to lose control of with their private armies . 
  i dunno man , seems like one step forward and two back . 
  yea , first thing that came to my mind was pilot suicide . 
  something about germans tells me they have the ability to lose it in totally crazy ways, 
  well if i was in the ua army i would n't want to be within 1km of those things , talk about a prime target for separatists with bonus achievement points for taking one alive . 
  now if only ukraine could learn a thing or two and stop electing one oligarch to replace another , stop funding neo nazi thugs to terrorize the already alienated part of the country and stop calling the damm people in the east `` terrorists '' . 
  it 's like they just want to inflame tensions more sometimes and it 's damm annoying to watch considering how we handle things here, 
  by adding meters and billing mechanisms you decrease the efficiency of a basic service and just add a layer of useless costs and bureaucracy, 
  why even go that far , just have money and marry someone form eastern europe , passport status achieved, 
   that is what they do , they print a trillion euro and give it let me finish that sentence for you * and give it * to banks to cover up the holes in their balance sheets from toxic debt that is still being market to book value instead of marked to market . 
  then they give the rest to corporations and big business they green-light to do share buybacks inflating their own stock prices and paying themselves dividends at the other end . 
  10 % of that trillion euros given to actual people who will spend it in the real economy would spur more inflation than waiting for that banking welfare to trickle down all over us common folk . 
  as usual it 's a cover up for something more sinister and people wonder why anyone would want to protest the opening of the new ecb building, 
  stockholm syndrome if i ever seen it, 
  op is kinda right though ( about this sort of racism ) move to an interview or institutional environment where the real racism problems are if they want to do some good . 
  creating jobs and investment and injecting money into the economy that way are also sure ways to combat deflation . 
  but yet we can spearhead sprinting over a trillion euros to give to banks and corporations with no eye to making a profit or recovering any of that money in sight . 
  nobody knows the technical specifications of the tank but that 's what the second gun is rumored to be for . 
  from what i see on the concept pictures the secondary gun can turn independently from the turret `` afganit '' is the same of the active protection system but people will know more when it 's officially unveiled at the victory day parade in may, 
   could someone tell me what the purpose of the two different side weapons are ? 
  they literally shoot incoming missiles out of the sky with an automated targeting system . 
  that tank is going to be badass if it goes into full production , i ` ts like something out of terminator . 
  that 's the perfect characterization , you should write a book .
