  i was reading that sentence totally seriously until i got to the t word and there went my lunch coffee . 
  either the word police have totally dumbed down the definition of terrorism or you forgot terrorism implies serious internet to do harm and inflict terror . 
  from what i see few people see this as terrorism . 
   outmaneuvered once again . 
  putin is that old guy playing ten games of chess at once, 
  well putting people at risk is n't cool in my view but people need to understand this will more than likely continue . 
  i 've only recently become very opposed to taking in the refugees and it mainly comes from the sheer numbers and fact it 's unsustainable and there is no work for them . 
  i 'm a long way away from taking this sort of vigilante action but would i can only imagine how radically opposed people who have been against this on ideological grounds for years are right now, 
  so one refugee in jordan is $ 400 so they could care for 57.5 refugees in jordan for the cost of one in the uk . 
  a `` democracy '' does n't make backroom deals to purposely exclude one of the biggest anti immigration voices from government . 
  well then we need to give this money for refugees to family 's who want to start children . 
  why is that not seen as a better measure in your opinion ? 
  i really do n't care about a german related recession , recessions you can recover from , permanently screwing up the ethic balance of your nation is for life . 
   comment in that sticky by the top mod talking about how they keep brigading and need to stop . 
  [ 2 ] the link you posted clearly states they had people accuse them of brigading and they got an admin to confirm there was no brigading coming from that sub . 
  what you posted literally proves the opposite of what you are trying to say, 
  as soon as europeans standards of living start to slip and it can be pinned on the cost of housing refugees who do n't and wonk work people will get angry and the refugees will be blamed . 
  like you said white people seem to have this unique ability to flip the fuck out in short period of time like no other race . 
  i too am a arsonest ( they ca n't arrest us all ), 
  it 's hilarious how people like you who proudly act like immigration is a good thing ca n't understand why people take the law into their own hands when the government refuses to back down on what is obviously a very unpopular policy and instead they choose to say they will have nothing to do the party who represents the democratic will of those opposed to illegal immigration . 
  this will happen and will happen even more until the governments of europe change their course, 
  well you already bend over like that for the usa , now everyone just thinks you are a moneygrabber who dumps her man as soon as she thinks something better is on the horizon, 
  have you seen the vox video on syria they released ? 
  it 's equally and also full of the same half truths but tilted to the american perspective and a painful collection of lies and simplified propaganda cliches . 
  `` the obama administration , horrified by assad 's atrocities '' ... i 'd say in reality he was delighted so he could use it to their advantage `` assad encouraged it [ jihad ] by releasing jihdadist prisioners '' ok ... sure `` hezbollah invaded to fight alonside assad '' yes hezbollah is literally * invading * syria right now `` assad used his chemical weapons '' evidence is out on that one and if anything we now know the rebels had them too along with more motive ... so addad would be blamed `` isis does not fight assad '' `` us tells the gulf states to stop funding hardliners . '', 
  * sure they do / s '' * https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nkb9gvu8bhe, 
  the logic goes , they ca n't pay the debt and they know it so go to ww3 instead and end up with a post world war new financial landscape like happened with breton woods after ww2, 
  i am soooo jealous of that guy . 
  russian chicks are all slammin i wonder could i make it work at a music festival if i tried to beat his record and make a viral video out of it, 
  ok you 're the second person to say that now so i think i 'll take the advice . 
  being split in two by a toilet really would n't be as cool a story as being handicapped by a motorcycle accident either . 
  the rocking forward technique is a decent one too . 
  i guess that means you as staring on your toes to begin with . 
  i do n't believe there is any perfect squat but i start with my feet flat on the ground and then lower my butt into it with my knees almost between my armpits for balance . 
  even if it 's uncomfortable it 's actually a good stretching exercise . 
  it works better if you have two litrs of cider in your hands though for the extra counterbalance as i tend to fall backward, 
  thanks for the warning to check my bowl for hairline cracks but at 70kg i think i 'll be fine . 
  that 's still a horrible thought though, 
  does n't negate the fact it 's still probably better off to be in a place with < 50 % married than in a place with  80 % married if you 're single, 
  you got me !, 
  i 've read it 's actually way more healthy to squat , there is said to be really bad side effects to sitting in chairs for prolonged periods of time . 
  squatting to shit makes the whole process way easier as well . 
  http://i.imgur.com/ndtbl7u.png i 've actually started climbing on the toilet and squatting over the bowl if i feel i 've eaten way too much rice over the past few days and it could be a hard push . 
  oh wow a country looking out for it 's own citizens , that 's a unicorn in this modern world , wish i was from iceland where they still get this idea of looking after your own first . 
  also it 's a pity that you are now wrong as europe has now passed legislation that says if banks fail there will be bail in 's so seems iceland was ahead of the curve on that one, 
   it seems a large percentage have convinced themselves they had no collective responsibility whatsoever and it 's literally an insult to the nation to suggest otherwise . 
  because no public has a collective responsibility for private banks who gambled and lost . 
  the fact you even think so just goes to show how good the collective brainwashing has been in this part of europe, 
  is there a rehost of the video anywhere , searching for it now ? 
  edit : found it : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=joqkw8uwemu, 
   why is not marrying good ? 
  i 'm not saying it 's not good , i 'm just speaking as a single guy who runs into increased probability of success when i do see someone i like . 
  another reason for me to move to estonia now along with the refugee stupidity . 
  i ca n't believe the day has come where finnish it workers are being poached by estonian startups ,, 
  exactly , actually the big fear is now that russia is kicking ass many of the rats are starting to abandon ship . 
  there was pictures a journalist posted form the turkey/syria border of a big pile of hair where terrorists had shaved and cleaned themselves up on the border . 
  it 's completely logical that when you repress feelings for a long time the problem gets worse and worse they explode when you do let go . 
  and gays are more likely to suffer violence from muslim extremists and the chilling effect that being `` sensitive '' to them could have on their way of life simply for being gay . 
  it 's totally logical for them to vote sd, 
  i have a real feeling turkey is lined up for some ukrainian style regime change . 
  is there any info on how much money foreign ngo 's are spending in that country compared to previous years . 
  right now the leadership is weak , unpopular and turkey is being isolated by all it 's neighbors over syria and racing a possible kurdish state ( or at least provence ) on their borders when syria ends, 
   i was never drunk , i never tried any drung and i dont have need for it . 
  you sound like a really fun person to be around, 
  watch many sources and understand their editorial biases . 
  once you can compare their filter of their bias against another outlets bias on the same subject you gat an idea of the truth which is usually somewhere in the middle . 
  for example us media will never really hassle or report on controversial stiff from state department briefings while rt will . 
  however they tend to overdo the emphasis on what may not be such a big deal so if i 'm unsure i google the story to see what other outlets are saying if anything . 
  then when it comes to russia do n't listen to that channel , i find the only country that tries to be semi cordial toward them right now is japan so if there is a story i want the closest thing to the truth about on russia i go to nhk world . 
  obviously this is work and you have to keep up to date on geopolitical realities so easiest to say just watch several sources, 
  ** europe ** the european union will be unable to solve its fundamental problem , which is not the eurozone , but the free trade zone . 
  germany is the center of gravity of the european union ; it exports more than 50 percent of its gdp , and half of that goes to other eu countries . 
  germany has created a productive capability that vastly outstrips its ability to consume , even if the domestic economy were stimulated . 
  it depends on these exports to maintain economic growth , full employment and social stability . 
  the european union 's structures -- including the pricing of the euro and many european regulations -- are designed to facilitate this export dependency . 
  this has already fragmented europe into at least two parts . 
  mediterranean europe and countries such as germany and austria have completely different behavioral patterns and needs . 
  no single policy can suit all of europe . 
  this has been the core problem from the beginning , but it has now reached an extreme point . 
  what benefits one part of europe harms another . 
  nationalism has already risen significantly . 
  compounding this is the ukrainian crisis and eastern european countries ' focus on the perceived threat from russia . 
  eastern europe 's concern about russia creates yet another europe -- four , total , if we separate the united kingdom and scandinavia from the rest of europe . 
  considered with the rise of euroskeptic parties on the right and left , the growing delegitimation of mainstream parties and the surging popularity of separatist parties within european countries , the fragmentation and nationalism that we forecast in 2005 , and before , is clearly evident . 
  these trends will continue . 
  the european union might survive in some sense , but european economic , political and military relations will be governed primarily by bilateral or limited multilateral relationships that will be small in scope and not binding . 
  some states might maintain a residual membership in a highly modified european union , but this will not define europe . 
  what will define europe in the next decade is the re-emergence of the nation-state as the primary political vehicle of the continent . 
  indeed the number of nation-states will likely increase as various movements favoring secession , or the dissolution of states into constituent parts , increase their power . 
  this will be particularly noticeable during the next few years , as economic and political pressures intensify amid europe 's crisis . 
  germany has emerged from this mass of nation-states as the most economically and politically influential . 
  yet germany is also extremely vulnerable . 
  it is the world 's fourth-largest economic power , but it has achieved that status by depending on exports . 
  export powers have a built-in vulnerability : they depend on their customers ' desire and ability to buy their products . 
  in other words , germany 's economy is hostage to the economic well-being and competitive environment in which it operates . 
  there are multiple forces working against germany in this regard . 
  first , europe 's increasing nationalism will lead to protectionist capital and labor markets . 
  weaker countries are likely to adopt various sorts of capital controls , while stronger countries will limit the movement of foreigners -- including the citizens of other eu countries -- across their borders . 
  we forecast that existing protectionist policies inside the european union , particularly on agriculture , will be supplemented in coming years by trade barriers created by the weaker southern european economies that need to rebuild their economic base after the current depression . 
  on a global basis , we can expect european exports to face increased competition and highly variable demand in the uncertain environment .
