normally i would agree but the moderators here delete other submissions for reasons of keeping the quality of the subreddit high . 
  i am not interested in reading only about the conflict here and there are dedicated subreddits already discussing it in depth so i do n't need that twice, 
  i 'm pretty sure eurozone trade is not included but yes china and america are bigger markets for germany, 
  why are you only counting exposts when we are talking about trading ** `` partners '' **, 
  hint : imports + exports, 
  the difference between russian and western media is that western media simply does n't cover things they do n't like to talk about while russian propaganda is , how do i say ... much more obvious i guess the great bbc knew all about the child abuse but chose to cover it up . 
  the bbc gave loads of coverage to the maidan protesters and shows graphic images when the russians do something bad but yet never show the gory videos civilian casualty 's when the ukrainian army does it . 
  the language western media uses is also telling , in all reports now about this plane crash we hear strong words appealing to emotion like `` rotting corpses piled up on a roadside '' but yet gaza gets no such language used . 
  noam chomsky 's piece from manufacturing consent on `` worthy and unworthy victims '' piece will open your eyes to this sort of language, 
  yes on the first one , the rest is up for debate if you have time . 
  i guess we have different definitions of what we like in a democracy then, 
  newsflash , the world is still as corrupt as ever . 
  shame on you sweden, 
  if you were to poll 100 europeans on whether they would prefer increased wages or decreased prices , what do you think the outcome would be ? 
  sure maybe your logic is right but in the end i do n't see many provisions people want being reflected in this deal, 
  43 % downvoted inconvenient truth perhaps, 
  so you do n't agree but you have no input only a vague ad hominem . 
  for starters here is one concrete reason i think gdp is a bad measure and that is because the metrics used to calculate are constantly being fiddled with [ gdp revisions make recovery look better , recession not as bad ] ( http://blogs.wsj.com/economics/2013/07/31/gdp-revisions-make-recovery-look-better-recession-not-as-bad/ ) when i see my nation reducing our national debt i 'll know things are recovering . 
  i think that 's about as good of a barometer or `` recovery '' as you get . 
  if you are going to disagree give me reasons based in fact, 
  because companies often do n't transfer on increased profits into increased wages . 
  if it comes with a higher minimum wage or basic living i might be more inclined to think it as a positive but i 'll keep waiting on those details to be added no doubt, 
  good , i 'm sick of being hitched up to this american cart, 
  i 'm not interested in the economy , how will it benefit peoples lives ? 
  and benefits to the people ? 
  i 'm not intereted in the economy, 
  sorry by positive government spending i mean not running budget defects . 
  gdp means nothing to me as it 's not really an indicator of overall health of a sovereign nation . 
  you can have strong increasing gdp while printing and spending money you do n't have , do you agree ? 
  positive government spending , net job/wage growth . 
  reductions in national debt ... approve ? 
  we here in the eu need to start pulling away from the usa now , while we still have a chance, 
   assange is a hypocrite and a narcissist who thinks he should be held to different standards than the rest of us well only he knows the truth about what happened and the allegations against him and perhaps to what the true motives are , so i do n't think it 's fair to say his concerns about us extradition should he travel to sweden are unfounded like you seem to suggest . 
  i do agree with you to a point that in these sort of organisations having a single point of failure is a weakness but i think it 's naive to assume the western governments have played up the cult of personality line the same way they have done with snowden, 
  to be honest propaganda or not i ca n't fault their logic in that video . 
  / still waiting for that recovery from the 2008 crisis while american qe-infinity continues, 
  well that view goes to show the western negative pr campaign seems to have worked . 
  do n't you think our world leaders who piss down on democracy every day passing unpopular laws are in their own way much more egotistical by their actions ? 
  if anything assange is selfless going through what can only be called house arrest, 
  why do you care about the person so much and not about the fact he is trying to expose the lies and corruption of the world . 
  frankly i could n't care if he was tom cruise masturbating all over everyone as he declares scientology the one true religion as long as the lies are exposed . 
  focusing on the person is what the government wants you to do, 
  only your attitude is useless , everything helps, 
  is n't `` conspiracy theory '' what all the articles insinuating putin did it are also ? 
  seriously these guys need to look up the definition of that term, 
  the ep says a lot of nice things , pity they have no power whatsoever, 
   the definition of safe is subjective to the refugee , ffs no it 's not  but they might still be sent out of the country . 
  if their case is not legitimate, 
  they have been offered plenty of food and in many case 's i 've seen them throw away food they are given at that train station . 
  an so my evidence is anecdotal but this short video clip explains everything ... right / s, 
   i 'm pretty sure i 'm pretty sure does n't cut it and no , they are required to stay in the fist safe country . 
  yea sure , or maybe acting like a mob is how they are raised : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symc8vysvni, 
  yea sure i 'll bet that 's why even when not `` fenced in prison '' they behave the same way when well meaning members of the public try to give them food like this guy found out https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=symc8vysvni if you behave like a mob expect to be treated like a mob . 
  oh for fuck sake , maybe if these people could learn to queue like normal civilized people they might be treated with more civility, 
   maybe finland should ship them to estonia , and they could continue their journey to hungary until the circle is complete . 
  that was funny until i realized the illegals are driving this wild ride and it 's apparently racist to stop them . 
   in malm\u00f6 , 738 people sought asylum in the past week , according to the migration board . 
  holy shit , you 're so screwed sweden , they will probably bring another 2000 with them after you pay for a first class ticket for their family as well . 
   finland criticised sweden for letting asylum seekers travel farther . 
  now where the fuck do we send them ? 
  or could we just sneak them across the border and have russia deport them back to the caucasus for us, 
   why is ` head ' inside quotes ? 
  it 's because , it 's his donger . 
  yea that 's the sort of family where one member eventually goes psycho and kills everyone . 
  estonia , slovenia , romania , switzerland or norway . 
  if things get really bad , ukraine , belarus or russia, 
   according to a magazine published by islamic state insurgents . 
  maybe it 's asking too much but i wish they would like to the source for posterity . 
  thanks to the antics of the last few weeks i 'm more jaded about honesty in the media than ever, 
  really because that not how i read the question `` which european countries does / r/europe want to live in '' if i did n't want to live here i would n't be so of course i ticked my own country, 
  hmm the med might be a different story but i sure would n't like to trek across eastern europe in the middle of winter, 
  and you remind me of every eastern european who thinks a top down totalitarian bureaucracy is marxism/communism when in reality it has much more in common with anarchism bottom up structure, 
   the migrant crisis is nowhere near over . 
  winter is coming , it 'll literally pause until spring, 
  it 's ok a marxist has now united us all ... https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3k9xa4/slavoj_%c5%bei%c5%beek_on_the_refugee_crisis_the/, 
   crowdfunding , uber , and airbnb are all innovations that have come about because of capitalism though . 
  they have indeed all come out of capitalism but the structure is very different , the managers , licence holders , accountants and every corporate level that exists is done away with and you have people dealing more directly with people but your point stands . 
  capitalism has also yet to run up against the problem of requiring near infinite growth on a finite plannet, 
   is there any point even being against globalisation and capitalism in the modern world ? 
  globalization probably not but i hold out hope we can evolve ourselves out of this form of capitalism which basically functions as hierarchy between nations and corporate behemoths . 
  one of the leading anarchist thinkers , bakunin in the 19th centruary pointed out that it 's quite possible to build the institutions of a future society within the present one . 
  and he was thinking about far more autocratic societies than ours . 
  and that 's already been done . 
  so for example , worker and community controlled enterprises are a possible evolution of future society within the present one . 
  and those not only can be developed but are being developed when you look at how things like crowdfunding have taken off . 
  the millennial society i belong too is very different to our parents one as well , some call us the sharing society becasue of the likes of uber and airbnb , i think climate change and the finite supply of fossil fuels will being us closer together in that regard too . 
  so yea i 'm not out to overthrow capitalism tomorrow but i 'm here waving on and hopefully accelerating it 's demise, 
  do n't worry somehow our resident bagette will think this is already posted even though it 's not, 
   `` it is not inherently racist or proto-fascist for host populations to talk of protecting their ` way of life ' : this notion must be abandoned . 
  if it is not , the way will be clear for the forward march of anti-immigration sentiment in europe whose latest manifestation is in sweden , where according to the latest polling the anti-immigrant sweden democrats have overtaken the social democrats as the country 's most popular party . 
  the standard left-liberal line on this is an arrogant moralism : the moment we give any credence to the idea of ` protecting our way of life ' , we compromise our position , since we 're merely proposing a more modest version of what anti-immigrant populists openly advocate . '', 
   `` we should nevertheless reject the left-liberal attitude . 
  the complaints that moralise the situation -- ` europe is indifferent to the suffering of others ' etc -- are merely the obverse of anti-immigrant brutality . 
  they share the presupposition , which is in no way self-evident , that the defence of one 's own way of life is incompatible with ethical universalism . 
  we should avoid getting trapped in the liberal self-interrogation , ` how much tolerance can we afford ? ' should we tolerate migrants who prevent their children going to state schools ; who force their women to dress and behave in a certain way ; who arrange their children 's marriages ; who discriminate against homosexuals ? 
  we can never be tolerant enough , or we are always already too tolerant . 
  the only way to break this deadlock is to move beyond mere tolerance : we should offer others not just our respect , but the prospect of joining them in a common struggle , since our problems today are problems we share . '', 
   `` in escaping their war-torn homelands , the refugees are possessed by a dream . 
  refugees arriving in southern italy do not want to stay there : many of them are trying to get to scandinavia . 
  the thousands of migrants in calais are not satisfied with france : they are ready to risk their lives to enter the uk .
