   one of my best friends is from moscow . 
  he started a business and just opened a 2 person office in ukraine for some menial tasks . 
  assuming the office is in western ukraine i wonder how he 's dealing with the anti russian propaganda the country 's ukrainian speaking media is pumping out . 
  presumably if he speaks russian and they do business in russia it might not be effected so much but i ca n't imagine it being a good time for a russian to do business in ukraine, 
  well reddit * is * open source after all , we can just port a european version of it then tell the yanks and the sjw 's to get lost . 
  * maybe sweden too * ^ ^ joking ^ ^ ^ kinda, 
  got ta offload those tulips to someone, 
  knowing the stereotype about `` cheap indians '' i 'm pretty sure they would still prefer 50 % more but less reliable fifth generation pak-fa they can build themselves over expensive foreign jets they rely on other powers to construct . 
   so you are saying that russian condoms are of low quality ? 
  never tried em but i 'm guessing so otherwise why would they not be more popular if they are indeed cheaper . 
  that said condoms are just one of those things you do n't skimp on even though the cheap ones probably work fine . 
  i mean i 've looked at those lidl condoms that are like $ 3 for 12 but not even followed through on it once even though i 'm sure they have to pass the same standards as the rest . 
  do any other coins have deutchland written on them however ? 
  i always thought it was just the symbol but in any case do n't take my comment too seriously, 
  they will probably keep up tradition and go with russian fighters which give better bang for the buck since they are already collaborating on a fifth generation jet  on 9 march 2015 , media outlets reported that the countries agreed to reduce the aircraft delivery time from 92 months to 36 months with the signing of the final agreement . 
  india is also ready to forego a 50:50 work share to prevent further delays from absorption of a new technology ; both countries agreed to manufacture the first batch of aircraft in russia and for subsequent batches to be manufactured by hal under transfer of technology in fact if you ask me i think they are just shopping around for toys in the meantime  the fgfa will be predominantly armed with weapons of indian origin such as the astra , a beyond-visual-range missile ( bvr ) being developed by india . 
  although in keeping with the russian bvr doctrine of using a variety of different missiles for versatility and unpredictability to countermeasures , the aircraft is expected to have compatibility with various missile types . 
  ** the fgfa may include systems developed by third parties . 
  better still what was one of the most pro american and anti russian posters on this board doing hanging around with four russian speaking americans in beijing ? 
  you do realize the article states it 's only imported brands that they are banning . 
   any business that is conducted using us dollars or us securities comes under the oversight of us federal authorities all the more reason to speed up the process of getting off the dollar as global reserve, 
  judging by the stock photo it seems to be in commemoration of germany 's takeover of the entire eurozone, 
  while i agree with that sentiment it does n't mean we should pander to the opinions of the crazy alcoholic guy on the street corner . 
  help yes , be dictated by , no, 
  haha , 12 points from finland to romania, 
  not to mention the fact the security guard that was shot was somehow wearing a bullet proof vest against all odds . 
  thats a good point now that you put it that way , that said should n't politics represent the will of the majority anyway ? 
   the better question is why you did n't think russia responding aggressively was foreseeable , or even more , the most probable outcome . 
  to be honest i followed the ukraine revolution with great interest and never gave it more than a 25 % probability based on their passiveness regarding syria and they have a naval base there also . 
  if it was a realistic outcome why did nobody seem to expect it when it did happen and do n't forget russia did let the original orange revolution happen in ukriane without responding militarily . 
  did you see it as a realistic outcome when maidan happened as if you did i have to say congratulations you were ahead of the game , i mean we all seen the response to crimea and that was all in all one of complete disbelief from my pov . 
   except that opinion is n't legitimate wow opinions need to be * legitamate * now i presume you call a senator and formal candidate for potus egging on a mob [ no influence whatsoever ] ( http://i.imgur.com/7gpsypl.jpg ), 
  haha well the inverse propaganda is strong considering the redicilous number i downvotes i get for an opinion . 
  lets not forget the facts are you had a man who was republican candidate for potus there on stage encouraging an angry mob in kyiv but yea sure i 'm the one that is totally wrong for saying the us had quite and influence on the overthrow of a president, 
  so why is n't * this * in the megathread . 
  oh yea pro-immigration bias, 
   ters sinc eh you already know the answer to that , most do n't join and it 's in no way expected . 
  while that may be true i 've still heard of it being brought up casually in interviews especially if the interviewer themselves went through intti . 
  `` so you were medic , where were you based , '' `` oh as it happens i was ... '' the bro club is still strong, 
   no one benefits from escalating things i agree but who benefits from russia doing nothing ... the us and eu in terms of extending influence . 
  it might be messy but this is russia saying no more staying quiet while color revolutions happen on their borders . 
  they are drawing the lines and for them a lose lose is better than a win lose . 
  thats the cold truth about it, 
  why would you assume the us would have expected russia would respond aggressively in your hypothesis ? 
  if you go game theory on this we we are talking about the first action of regime change and based on russia 's response to the orange revolution the us would have to assume they would take it with perhaps gas and economic embargo but war and annexation were not expected judging by the muted response what does n't make sense is your analysis of the pros and cons of regime change for the usa before the event and it 's something they have quite clearly desired for decades . 
  i guess the better question is why am i bothering trying to speak to / r/geopolitics in / r/europe ... sigh, 
  funny how nobody in this thread mentioned the benefits of military service on your cv in finland . 
  serious nothing says `` quitter '' or `` pussy '' like choosing civil service over military and it will be used against you . 
  while that may seem unfair it is consider somewhat of a rite of passage, 
   there is apsolutly no reason for the us to meddle there . 
  no reason for the us to fuck with russia and drive a wedge between them and the eu . 
  are you serious . 
  there is every reason to do that . 
  eh it 's obvious both us and european institutions played a role in the regime change there . 
  how far it needs to go to call it a coup is the only question that 's hard to answer . 
  would it have happened without western support and influence is the better one , i 'd say no . 
  it 's funny the pre scream was almost orgasmic sounding . 
  but yea seriously fuck people who do that , how does screaming help in any way . 
  fuck cats they have enough lives . 
  you know well any cat that was in the vicinity bolted before then thing even started falling . 
  unfortunately the best of them are over now at this stage . 
  june/july is the music festival moths here . 
  flow is well expensive hipster garbage imo but thats becasue i was raised on [ byob punk festivals ] ( http://www.puntala-rock.net/puntala/puntala_news.php ) and the smaller mainstream ones like [ ilosaarirock ] ( http://www.ilosaarirock.fi/2015/ ), 
  posting as for once this seems like a descriptive non clickbait look inside some really impressive yet simple techniques, 
  op seems to be a professional troll . 
  just look at their post history before downvoting , ), 
  nato did say they are `` countering '' russian propaganda makes you wonder what places like [ nato strategic communications center in riga ] ( http://www.stratcomcoe.org/ ) are all about, 
  oh to be young again ... first comes the `` oh shit , what if i get lost/go to the wrong plane '' then comes the `` this is cool '' followed by `` not again , wish they had sleep pods , why ca n't i just erase these next three hours '' after being trough airports about 100 times i 've got to the , `` fuck it i 'm paying to use the lounge and chill '' between flights enjoy the trip and rest assured you wont have problems . 
  judging by the greek crisis the eurozone is germany at this point, 
  i think you are paranoid . 
  put it this way , i would say 50 - 70 % of my friends portable hard drives are full of coppyright material . 
  if everyone has it why would they pick on you ? 
  oh i know the banks are responsible and equally responsible at that . 
  my point is the media propaganda tells germans one thing and greeks another and then we wonder why do greeks all of a sudden hate germans and vice versa . 
  fact is the euro has caused more tensions between states the past few years than anything else . 
  now it 's migrants and guess who is pushing us to keep these unwanted wasters that are straining relations between countries ... the eu of course . 
  it 's just a think gypsy 's and other vagrants do to extort money from people on the street , i 'm saying when it gets to the level of nation states doing it we are better off ignoring them instead of building tensions by helping them but extracting demands . 
  essentially germany will make the rest of the eu hate them and vice versa if things keep going the way the are , we need to go back to just a free trade zone in order to stop rising tensions and ww3 . 
  well i think they would be better off without it so yea if they can they should, 
   not to mention that a return to a nationalist europe would basically guarantee ww3 this century . 
  yea right , we can be europeans without paying for each others bad debts and being forcefully bonded together like those gypsy 's that tie sting round your hands and then tell you to gib moneyz . 
  if anything the euro and eurozone has made me more passive aggressive toward other countries and their policy 's , germany in particular . 
   the easiest scenario for euro disaster is italy disaster ... so i would n't say it 's impossible . 
  yep i 'm hoping to give italy 's debt four or five more years to reach toxic levels and they may end up saving us all from the euro, 
  yep , there is no freaking way i 'm paying taxes to germany to fund their refugee fetish, 
  this is n't about just immigration this is about what concerns eu citizens overall . 
  good job destroying the subreddit !!, 
  thou shall never speak about immigration ever again it seems , no shut up and take your dose of uneducated useless illegals, 
  well if you consider reclaiming land aggression maybe, 
  * catch the train to london , stopping at rejection , disappointment , backstabbing central and shattered dreams parkway . 
  i used to be proud of how finns were always a straight talking people who told it as it is . 
  unfortunately this sjw virus that seems to be infecting from the top down means it 's not ok anymore to point out some ethnicity 's are more likely to commit crime and rape than others . 
  proud of the fact we do n't have any guilt over wars of aggression in the past either although you coudl say we pushed the sami people out but they were simpler times . 
  it 's raining outside now , fuck putin, 
   though the group agreed to pull back from the front lines weeks ago to comply with requirements of february 's minsk ceasefire accord that `` illegal fighting forces '' be withdrawn , its red and black flag still flutters over many locations now manned only by regular troops . 
  thats weird as the last vice dispatch released just a few days ago [ shows them actively fighting on the front lines ] ( https://youtu.be/o_l0mzw4diq?t=7m43s ) `` a few flags '' would be quite the understatement, 
   some of the anarchists managed to hit horses of the mounted police well some of the horses did manage to hit and run over protesters first , when i see someone being trampled by an animal ten times their size i wo n't think twice before giving it the end of my boot . 
  source : my own eyes, 
   some swedes want finland to be more multicultural yea they can fudge right off then, 
  i actually though this was hilarious .
