  no , we 're not animals, 
  ! , it 's a very nice !!!!, 
  basically expletives and common statements that i can attach a bad accent to, 
  sovereignty is not bending your ass over to the first prince that promises to save you . 
   w interest rates and long maturities . 
      most of greece 's debt is eurozone bailout loans , which start coming due in 2030 . 
  the interest they pay on ecb held debt will be given back to them under the low interest rates or not when the principal is over 170 % of you gdp it 's still in no way payable only serviceable and then how do they grow and ever pay back the rest . 
   the us has done some pretty horrible things but at least there is a public outcry about it when it comes out . 
  nothing of the sort would happen in russia . 
  and what good are these public outcrys , at this point they are only more depressing when the us just ends up ignoring every single one . 
  the differences between us and russia are one has a soft liberal finish and the other more straight round the edges, 
  no that wan my subtle racism, 
  you should leave europe and join the usa then, 
  you made the rather unheard claim they were paying more than finland in interest ( which i do n't see supported there ) i did n't feel it out of the ordinary to question it . 
  but now that i see your source what you are saying makes more sense but is also non relevant as you are only referring to the * interest * on loans , most of which the principal is also due in the next five years . 
  which means continuing interest ( coupon ) payments and then actual payment of the full bond . 
  sorry but that article is misleading and literally only tells half the story, 
  looking at a map it would actually be quite easy to just fly around north of of scandinavia too but i guess the problem is commercial flights unless they can charter him a private plane, 
  lol , well that was a brainfart, 
  ask the polish about their blowjobs , i wonder what latvia does for the us ? 
  tickle their balls ? 
  sorry but i do n't want us fifth column in the eu if thats where your allegiance stands, 
  as in this narrative , `` alternative parties are connected to za evil russia '' is being propagated everywhere to keep the herd in the center party space . 
  it 's the go to boogeyman for the eu , national politicians and everyone to urge people not to rock the boat . 
   debt are around 3 % of gdp . 
  same as finland somehow i doubt that , our borrowing rates are like in the 1 % to 2 % range whereas the imf usually demand rates of like 5 % . 
  then add to that the fact he have 1/3 of the debt burden and i have to call bs on that statement unless you got some figures, 
  in the long term , no . 
  in the medium term , nope ' in the short term , maybe unless of course the imf and co agree to write off some debt . 
  if somehow people could be convinced or incentivised to spend one hour on independent politics research per week i 'm convinced the world would be a better place, 
  just look at how we treated snowden , how germany was just like `` meh '' to the phone tapping . 
  if you ca n't figure out that obvious reality that has been under their thumb since ww2 ended then the rest is n't worth discussing, 
   snowden would have a similar problem in getting to france . 
  he would have to travel over or through countries that would try to capture him . 
  you can fly from russia over the baltic out to the atlantic and then up the seine to frog hq unless denmark runs all the way into sweden but then you could out over iceland . 
  it 's a pretty sad state of affairs that every other eu nation is such us lapdogs at this stage that these sorts of measures need to be considered but all viva le france . 
  in that case why am i not free to hate on fat people becasue free speech bring back r/fatpeopelhate, 
  does n't matter if russia wants to hurt the usa turning to dumping the dollar is a simply and effective way to go about it, 
  well it seems quite prolific alright , even i ended up being exposed to the `` in this together '' meme from far away . 
  for what it 's worth you are probably the world leader in the field of propaganda in my opinion in that you barely notice it most of the time . 
  then you have amazing people like adam curtis on the other side of the spectrum explaining how it all works, 
  got ta love sanctions and those unintended consequences / s interestingly china became the worlds biggest importer of oil just this year as well and to add to that they are mostly buying russian so look like we are witnessing the birth of the petroyaun [  russia has overtaken saudi arabia as the largest supplier of oil to china for the first time , sending almost 930,000 barrels a day last month -- up 21 % on april . 
  ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/business/datablog/2015/jun/24/russia-overtakes-saudi-arabia-largest-supplier-oil-china ) hopefully europe and russia can quit these stupid sanctions games and actually get back to business soon, 
  if you were starving then would n't it technically be a sellers market ? 
  dutch people seem to always have slightly mental hair, 
  maybe we should all send them cards saying thanks and create a pr blitz , * maybe even put some money inside *, 
  * `` i condone propaganda when it suits my narrative '' *, 
  jesus fk ` ing christ where did you get the syriza and die linke proof from , not supporting sanctions on russia becasue they are stupid and counter productive as well as showing we are the usa 's bitch does not equal funded by russia . 
  i see this narrative being pursued by mainstream parties with the sole intention of protecting their own voter base all over the place nowadays and it makes me sick and it 's all becasue they know we are pissed off with austerity and voting for someone else anyway, 
   i do not consider a spanish citizen any closer to me than my german neighbor is . 
  countries are not families then you do n't know what it means to come from a homologous society that does n't does n't tolerate things like gang rape , i find it hard to believe i 've ever seen a case of finnish people brought to court for such a crime . 
  it 's quite simply seems to be an imported behavior . 
  refreshing to see a media outlet actually talk about what everyone is thinking ... their background . 
  add to that the frank reality that they are not seen as pick of the crop by finnish women and you have a recipe for firstly resent and then rape . 
  people need to be frank about the actual issues here and another part of that is how these people come from a much less civilized part of the part of the world and even if they are second generation they learn the same backward ways of thinking from their parents . 
  i guess the explanation mark and and lack of follow up made me think you were , as regards how secure they are , i guess they are as secure as your trust in the exchange but i believe they are also insured . 
  should anything happen and the exchange goes down you have a much better claim against dollar denominated assets anyway . 
  as regards the funds being lent to others , well people ca n't lose your money without wiping out their own but i guess you might be aware of how leverage works . 
  i 'm your typical contrarian investor so i tend to try and buy when things are low and short when things feel overpriced . 
  i keep my money 50/50 between safe long term investments like arable land and gold and risky short term bets based on my own reading of events . 
  i 've bought greek stocks on every `` crisis '' thinking the eu ca n't let them fail and made serous gains every time but like everyone i know it will end in disaster eventually , in fact i 'm just wondering was buying last friday the best buy in a long time or a bridge too far : / bought roubles at the height of despair last christmas and shorted a load of german 10 year bonds when they went into negative interest rates ( like anyone believes deflation can continue with qe policy 's ) and now i 'm moving into short positions on the us stock market as it 's still where it was at the start of the year and looks like a cyclical top of a six year bull market and now that the fed has truly backed themselves into a corner where they really ca n't raise interest rates without killing the economy that 's now addicted cheap credit but they have cried wolf about it so many times now if they do n't do it they risk losing faith anyway . 
  haha , joke all you want but i have some of my high risk money on a bitcoin exchange , i shorted the value of it down from $ 800 to $ 400 and now my profits are being lent out to other traders at [ 0.065 % interest daily ] ( http://i.imgur.com/zss72cq.png ) , which is 6.5 % over 100 days or over 20 % annually . 
  if you are buying gold for security , paper gold literally is n't worth the paper it 's printed on . 
  you said it perfectly , i think that sums up the benefits/downfalls well . 
  the one thing people point at is how property 's in desirable areas tend to not be renovated as someone will always rent them anyway but that seems like a boogeyman excuse . 
  i can see how rent caps might lead to a shortage of properties in popular areas but are you saying it 's still a worse system from what i see indexing rental increases to inflation sounds a lot more gentle than the double digit yearly increases i have heard of in the uk and from the figures shown in this graph it seem to back up my case that it keeps prices down overall . 
   collegehumor  funny pick one, 
  eh capping rents and not allowing increases above a certain amount sounds like the last thing landlords would want . 
  typically the rental market is the most easily abused as well as it 's either the young or poor so i fail to see how people can be against this, 
  that sounds inhumane to me , at that point do people not think `` fuck it i 'm going to live in a commune somewhere '', 
  sweet f all if my knowledge of the uk rental market serves me correct , you pay your own light , heat and utility 's but sometimes they throw in furniture and bad curtains . 
  thats something this does n't consider as well as most places you rent here heating and water is included and more recently broadband is common as well , our hosing company just upgraded us from 10mb to 50mb for free not long back, 
  and people say rent controls will destroy germany, 
  thats not a bad theory , in general i think people `` grow up '' a bit faster here overall, 
  no not heard of that story unless it 's been reported outside of russian media, 
  well that is pretty much true , the price is said to be the same as what germany is paying which is the lowest in europe but lower than most countries due to the quantity being sold and germany 's massive leverage as a big industrial user so lower than most of europe and much lower than lng prices in asia [ however if you look at global average prices ] ( http://newenergyandfuel.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/world-natural-gas-price-samples-7-9-2012.jpg ) you can very easily see how an online troll could phrase russia paying something similar to the eu price as `` more than 50 % less than they are paying now '' state media in europe is generally quite good and held to account but online sock puppet accounts are not constrained by standards like that and it 's often so easy to misrepresent things when you are let off the leash, 
  yes on this point i agree with you , i wish i bookmarked the policy document i was reading a while back that touches on this . 
  in short the eu policy document defined countering russian propaganda as being more effective if it focuses on falsifying the russian narrative rather than overtly pushing a different one . 
  here is one article on this from a quick news search : http://www.unian.info/world/1085756-eu-sets-up-team-to-counter-russian-propaganda.html it should be noted falsifying the narrative does n't mean you wont see teams online being paid to criticize anyone who posts something factual in support of russia . 
  for example i had a long argument with an american who was steadfast that the russian gas deal with china was a net loss for the country and a firesale of assets . 
  after a long and drawn out debate i eventually proved his figures showing russia was selling gas below market rates were misleading as they were comparing piped gas prices to lng gas imports via ship which come at much higher prices due to increases costs of transport and liquidating then gasifying etc. 
  i would love to know where the western pr is instructed to stop but in my opinion engaging that sort of behavior where you are trying to paint russia and it 's economy/military/population demographic is a constant negative light is going too far for my western sensibility 's . 
  i 'm not saying you were a shill , i was just pointing out you say you have a degree in this science and many of your arguments and ways you communicate demonstrate an understanding of these techniques . 
  i had already kind of picked up on that before you stated it . 
  for the record i would say the same thing about myself ( marketing ) and i can see the way you formulate arguments with that background in mind . 
  same way a coder would more easily recognize another coder through their language and a tendency to speak in a more `` if then else '' way of speaking . 
  depends , i would of course consider state sponsored sock-puppetry propaganda and western nations already have a history there https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/state-sponsored_internet_sockpuppetry jtrig in the uk being the most blatent known example . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/joint_threat_research_intelligence_group it stands to reason this is a component of what these nato agency 's in eastern europe are about . 
  yes and i point out in the examples above nato 's * active * efforts to * counter * propaganda go far outside that remit of * presenting * themselves, 
   common sense however also says that claims about putin 's `` troll army '' are vastly exaggerated to explain away the large number of negative comments that commonly appear in the discussion threads of anti-russian articles in the western media . 
   there are far too many of these , and the english in which many of them are written is much too good -- and their content is far too sophisticated -- for most of them to be the work of poorly paid trolls . 
  there is no difference between the term public relations and propaganda , just some double speak just like `` civilians '' and `` unlawful enemy combatants '' in the end they are both designed to * spin * mask truths, 
  stop with the bullshit . 
  i study pr so let me start with the grandaddy edward bernays the * austrian-american pioneer in the field of public relations and propaganda , referred to in his obituary as `` the father of public relations '' * . 
  [ 1 ] he combined the ideas of gustave le bon and wilfred trotter on crowd psychology with the psychoanalytical ideas of his uncle , sigmund freud . 
   stunned by the degree to which the democracy slogan had swayed the public both at home and abroad , he wondered whether this propaganda model could be employed during peacetime . 
  ** due to negative implications surrounding the word propaganda because of its use by the germans in world war i , he promoted the term `` public relations '' ** . 
  [ 7 ] according to the bbc interview with bernays 's daughter anne , bernays felt that the public 's democratic judgment was `` not to be relied upon '' and he feared that `` they [ the american public ] could very easily vote for the wrong man or want the wrong thing , so that they had to be guided from above . '', 
  this `` guidance '' was interpreted by anne to mean that her father believed in a sort of `` enlightened despotism '' ideology . 
  [ 8 ] i also find it amusing how someone i had tagged as `` uses propaganda techniques '' actually pulled the `` it 's not propaganda it 's pr card '' as a fellow marketing student i guess my senses are pretty on point then  , so do you have a degree in pr or marketing ?
