  i 'm glad your bullshit got deleted , next time check the facts before you post lies, 
  yea i just read it , well maybe she 's a chef or works in the food business , that 's the only reason i can see her being in a cargo area anyway . 
  yea it 's generalist thing to say but that 's life , i 'll try romanian beef next time i see it which is n't often to be honest, 
  i don #t know about romanian beef so i ca n't comment to be honest . 
  i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say it 's cheaper than french beef though and while crude her point seemed to be `` they are replacing the premium french beef with cheaper imports from romania '' who knows maybe it was even ` lost ' in translation as there has been a hell of a lot of anti greek news propaganda lately, 
  prime french beef would be stamped and certified to that effect . 
  there is a big difference between an 18 month old animal raised on grass for beef and a 8 year old dairy cow who 'd tits finally gave up on her . 
  if you ordered prime french meat and a lorry of uncertified / less certified country x beef showed up you 'd be unhappy and suspicious as well no doubt, 
  yea but beef ca n't be compared to computer parts . 
  i consistently pay a premium for steaks from scotland as they taste better , to add to my point why do you think `` angus '' beef has a premium name and price attached . 
  there is for sure a difference between the climate of romania and western europe , for starters i would assume beef cows from france spend more time on grass than romanian cows thanks to the shorter winter and grass fed beef always tastes better . 
  there is also the fact many of the best known beef breeds come from france so assume they have a good reputation in the beef business and i should know , i eat a lot of the stuff and finnish beef is beyond shit and is mainly just grinded up old dairy cows that got too old for milking over animals which have been raised purely for beef . 
  i have a feeling this woman also wonders and is upset this is n't the beef she originally ordered . 
  i know nothing about the romanian beef insustury but i 'd be angry if it turned up instead of my french beef, 
  because i 'd still rather a vw over a skeoda even they they are pretty much the same thing now . 
  i have no idea is the meat tested for adulterants and such in the same way western eu beef is though , all beef where i am is traceable iirc, 
  i 'd assume they are since you guys can even be bothered to learn how to use a clutch . 
  :p the ones i have seen on tv always look a bit different too , different wheels , mirrors , fender or something but for sure different , the same is also true for jap cars i see on us tv . 
  you 're honda 's are totally different, 
   while tax avoidance is our national sport , we still pay the bulk of them . 
  at first i assumed you were talking about the eu lobbyists campaigning for corporate tax avoidance . 
  but that 's the thing i 'm saying there is positives to the companies but where are the positives to the state and it 's citizens ? 
  the state has built all the infrastructure the multinational relies on be it educated people , roads , healthcare , electricity infrastructure , water and these companies think they can just operate and provide a ( hopefully ) living wage as fair remuneration . 
  i have many friends in ireland who seem to still not be able to drink their water if my facebook is to be believed and still the government is trying to charge them for it , if that was me i 'd be organizing a protest movement to send the bills to facebook , i 've heard the same complaints about a finnish/irish friend who will have her baby and pro/post care here despite not speaking the language , when i asked why not ireland she said she was a fraid she might die from an infection . 
  subjective but i never got the best impression about service quality there . 
  legal and serve a demonstrable good in society are two different things as we often find out . 
  there are very many practical situations where currency swaps are beneficial to nations , ( look at china and russia right now ) where you can avoid currency fluctuation by swamping $ 1000 for $ 1100 to hedge against a euro decline but what goldman did was just deceitful and serves no practical purpose i can think of , from what is known they simply took and serviced the swap with full payment still falling on greece when it came due , in any case it was deceitful and should be illegal as they knew why they were doing it, 
   i mean in fairness , the centers in ireland are catering to europe not just ireland . 
  is it unreasonable for them to want multi-lingustic employees in a union of countries that do n't all speak the same language ? 
  how many irish nationals does you think are qualified for the job at facebook and also speak swiss/dutch/norweigian / polish/danish . 
  i would wager that very few would because we already have a very common language in english which most of biggest trade partners speak ( britain , america and most german people speak english ) theres very little incentive for irish nationals to learn foreign languages of the eu outside french and german ( which are pushed in schools ) . 
  there is not and i would n't expect irish to learn those languages either , i would however expect facebook to quit being stingy on costs and setup an office in each relevant state and pay their taxes to that state on the business they do in their country . 
  yes the idea of a european hub is just that but when most the jobs there are literally related to clients in they emigrated from it 's kinda obvious it 's for tax reasons . 
  i 've been to ireland , i 've seen the recovery which is quite pronounced in just the attitudes and enthusiasm this year ( or maybe it was the good weather when i went this year ) but ideologically i come from the position global corporations should be subservient to nation states and not the other way around and i think ireland has in many ways sold it 's soul for the sake of a recovery that can be taken away by an ` e'stonia or similar in a heartbeat , compared to ten years ago all the mom and pop shops are gone and no matter where you go be it for coffee , sandwitch or even timber you need to visit some global chain store with someone working minimum wage serving you and looking depressed about it with all profits going abroad to a tax haven somewhere . 
  i may have got it all wrong in my limited times i 've been there but i simply hope we avoid the same sort of cooperate consolidation, 
   well , the first thing to note is that we are coming out of a period of historically low levels of sovereign defaults . 
  since the second world war the percentage of all states in default on their debts , as indicated by defaults on foreign currency bonds , has fallen sharply . 
  read more : http://uk.businessinsider.com/a-history-of-sovereign-debt-defaults-2015-3?r=us#ixzz3fetd1mc1, 
  oh but that 's just the next level of ` media ' manipulation and propaganda , facebook has already been inserting different posts on peoples feeds * for science * and well as soon as google/reddit / ` insert corp of choice ' gets a good enough idea of my desires why would n't they change certain content to influence me in a certain direction . 
  at first it will be to close more sales and used as a sales tool but we all know how dual purpose advertising and propaganda is, 
  i always thought the millennial generation were smarter than to believe anything they read and that the internet would democratize media to the point it would always be kept honest but it seems i 'm being proven wrong . 
  people need more time to analyze information objectively but they have so much other shit competing for their attention now they just believe the first well formatted bullshit opinion that comes along . 
  there are few issues on reddit people are actually split on because as soon as a position becomes popular it is seen as the more valid one and people will be more likely to latch onto it rather than use energy figuring out a position by themselves . 
  the only light in the tunnel is i 've heard many friends now refer to mainstream media as propaganda and act as if they are aware but still they end up holding the exact same opinions that media would like them to . 
  actually history shows what countries in the greek position do is default and rebuild that better system with what 's left of the pieces . 
  politicians and reforms only work where there is good will , the eu and their austerity failure has exhausted any good will left in greece . 
  nope it 's not working for us here in finland either , near ten years of stagflation now because we lack the ability to devalue and make our economy more competitive . 
  why is it un competitive you ask . . becasue some people thought it would be good to join a currency block where we are the most expensive economy but share a free trade zone with many many other cheaper ones and guess what we ca n't do shit except make cutbacks . 
  politicians only know how to hurt those who vote the least often ( the young ) and that is why i feel austerity will never work as everyone needs to revalue and that has and will always be best handled by controlled devaluation . 
  but guess who is against that , germans and their `` savings '', 
  this is so beyond ridiculous now . 
  if i made a cartoon featuring a hooknosed jew running the ecb and some text making fun of the fact they bailed out the banks and made the germans angry i 'd have some sort of anti defamation league calling for my head . 
  as someone who already fell out with the idea of the eu after the first 2008 bailouts i find it funny and slightly tragic how the eu is probably making an intra european war more likely than less likely now . 
  if we go back to trade only everyone will be happeier , gg eu but jog on . 
  let me just post you a selection of jobs available in facebook dubiin  smb account manager , agencies , french smb account manager , danish , university grad smb account manager , dutch smb account manager , norwegian , university grad smb account manager , polish smb account manager , swedish , university grad smb account manager , uk client partner , swedish client solutions manager , ecommerce , spanish client solutions manager , ecommerce client solutions manager , financial services , german client solutions manager , french client solutions manager , hebrew client solutions manager , manager ( nordics ) client solutions manager , swedish ( 2yr ftc ) client solutions manager , swedish client solutions manager , turkish manager , global sales , french those jobs are not there because ireland has such a skilled pool of swedish and danish speaker , those jobs are there as it 's cheaper to have the job in ireland with low taxes and persuade people who otherwise would be hired for those jobs in their own regions to move to dublin . 
  now i 'm not an employer so i ca n't comment on the zero hours and how some less honest employers exploit it but in my opinion the lack or regulation on the digital economy is killing jobs in ever nation more expensive than ireland now and so our place in the european union seems to be stagnation until everyone is the same . 
  call me elitist if you want but i do n't want our country and it 's institutions reduced to the continental level , if we need to cut this free trade to protect our own digital economies than maybe we need to do that but to me this europe is not one that serves out interests all all but only seeks to undermine our relatively successful states , it 's not ireland 's fault for taking advantage either , neither is it the fault of greece for bankers debts . 
  totally off topic but to keep our own shit in check and look after our own problems in our own respect i 've countries the eu seems to just be a sticking block now rather than a help . 
  i ca n't say much on the zero hours use by decent employers but i can say if work is to be done it will be done regardless of how many staff you personally can have on retainer , temp staff is how we traditionally solved that problem . 
  i see no reason why employees should be kept on constant call and expected to work at a moments notice , it sounds like neo slavery to me . 
  what we hear about more is how it 's abused and while i do n't have the cost benefit analysis i subjectively think there are more downsides than plus sides and we have now been experimenting with them here too . 
  oh please , i 'm so sorry your golden shower of realism from yanis stung your eyes so much / s, 
  it 's almost as if europe feeds on it 's own hypocrisy , now if only it could be fashioned into perpetual motion, 
  our twisted financial systems that allow this sort of creative rulebreaking are the real criminals in all this greek drama, 
   / r/europe [ 3 ] , compared to the european population at large , is a self-selecting group of people who have an ideological belief first and foremost in the european dream , the end of the nation state in europe and the inexorable march towards a fereral europe and the euro was meant to be the jewel in the crown of that project . 
  maybe that statement was true at one point but now that this is a default subreddit for anyone who signs up from within europe i think it 's fair to say many of us reject those views altogether . 
  i would live to see sovereignty and national currencies returned to states with maybe an sdr type peg on each of our currencies to keep swapping them and trade easy, 
   how about : earned $ per worked hour . 
  so that kinda only works in a situation where you have more than one employee working a single shift . 
   or if it is a non profit organisation ( such as a public library ) the amount of served/happy customers/visitors per worked hour . 
  again this is so hard to measure . 
  in mom and pop greek coffee place the owner may open at 12:00 and close at 22:00 seven days per week working 70 hour weeks , his $ per hour might be low but customer satisfaction might be in the 98th percentile . 
  personally i love greek coffee houses so much more than bland corporate central european ones where a barista is kept constantly 95 % occupied . 
  point being you cant put a price on everything . 
   both are a much better metric than worked hours and are easily compared to other businesses and regions . 
  well i 'd love to see how this works for my example above because my all my metrics german coffee shops are rated very low with bad service , no atmosphere and not even that cheap considering the total lack of customer attention ( on average ), 
  thanks for the explanation , i knew it went something like that but you laid it all out , regardless sorry for the roma must equal romania thing , that said these idiots need to either be integrated or we just need to cut them off . 
  i think ireland should use it 's geography and climate to be a data center mecca , it 's right between the eu and us so perfect for latency . 
  there is loads of sustainable wind power that could power data farms on site and instead of raping all our data privacy a few simply words to say ireland respects data sovereignty would mean everyone would be coming there . 
  my point being there is ways you can be on the outside of europe and be popular with business, 
  well do you know who negotiated the versailles treaty ... essentially the banker imposed war austerity was blamed for a lot of germany 's problems and i 'm sure 99 % of jews had nothing to do with it but did n't stop them being scapegoated . 
  there was also the fact the jewish owned american press was against germany but again 99 % of jews blamed for a few corrupt ones in positions of power . 
  i 'm not saying it 's exactly the same but imagine if grexit brought about a 2008 style crash or worse , do n't you think this image might pick up some more fans . 
  the fact is it 's core appeal is to aid the masturbation of those who really wanted to penetrate syriza hard with a yes vote and are now left with blue balls . 
  * 60 % of russian 's have a third level of degree , not a dig at quality of education on russia but quantity means nothing and does n't change the fact many of these multinationals operating in ireland have to import talent , ( particularly multilingual people ) and many of the new jobs i 've herd of for locals are in the support and customer service roles . 
  * re : tax system . 
  yes ireland has come a long way in a short time but services in your country still remain at 70 's levels , healthcare is a joke and if you want any sort of service you need to pay for it . 
  essentially you are at us levels of public services . 
  if you do n't charge companies the taxes you should you will continue to be a first world wage country with third world services and liberalization like what i heard of happening with water is the wrong way about it . 
  decent state services should be supported and invested in with public money raised from corporation taxes . 
  * from my personal experience labour laws are not the best , zero hours contracts are now an established thing , more and more temp workers with no holidays or benefits to serve them in future . 
  i was offered a pretty good role in a marketing company like 30k + which is more than i would earn in expensive finland but i would have to work on a contract basis and essentially be self employed so i would need to pay my own social security , pension , etc and generally be disposable at a moments notice with no redundancy . 
  i said fuck right off * cheaper when it comes to corporations are 90 % of the reasons they locate anywhere, 
  sorry but comedy ( which i presume this is ) does not have red lines . 
  it works well as this is the same sort of economist humor that brought jew banker jokes which at their time i 'm sure were no more than just an observation too but are no different in my view . 
  both served to shift the blame onto a mythical creature unappealing to the eye that we could all direct our collective anger and loathing toward , the lazy greek has been cultivated for many years but this piece of work finally gives it the `` jew banker '' level of acceptance to me . 
  oh i can handle it , i just ca n't handle the double standard that would emerge if i used a jew banker stereotype to characterize the ecb and germans ( which it actually works quite well for ) but you know quite well it would be treated differently . 
  define productivity in a coffeehouse/library . 
  despite your impression most service sector jobs in the world still mostly require a presence during a defined set of opening hours, 
  they are mostly `` roma '' so yea maybe i was wrong about their origins but do n't most come from/go back to romania at some point when winter comes .
