  oh but i used to at least think it * could * be saved . 
  now i think i lost that face as well . 
  unfortunately it stems from mistrust of foreign leaders and the fact i see the world getting more draconian around me . 
  if things are going bad you want power at a local level so it can be more directly influenced . 
  the eu speaks of lost trust with greece but i 've had the same experience with them . 
  the lobbying , the failed promises , the dismissal of net neutrality , the influencing of foreign policy in places like ukraine . 
  all in all it 's going to a place i just ca n't support . 
  i know it 's hard to imagine most human beings are selfish and think about themselves but is n't that sort of individualism via `` liberalism '' exactly the sort of thing the us has been preaching as global hegemony over the past seventy or so years . 
  the thing is finland has always been a very tight knit and maybe pragmatic society , if we see things getting worse for our own people it 's totally right to focus on ourselves until they are on the up again . 
  i do n't support the finns because they are not progressive enough but i support that principle and the principle that good society is more important than riches . 
  unfortunately immigrants and their own values have a habit of damaging both finances and the homogeneous society, 
  yea they have had about 24 hours to analyze the results now . 
  i wonder which ministers phone got bugged this time . 
  * plot twist : * varoufakis is a redditor, 
  they just really love the popcorn do n't they . 
  the biggest trouble on my brain tonight has been answering this , `` would you have sex with christine lagarde in order to get the full scoop on whats going on here , you ca n't tell anyone else she told you but are free to speculate on reddit and elsewhere for future karma , oh and she must orgasm ? '', 
  i 'm now thinking it would probably be worth it . 
  they read my mind perfectly . 
  more like countries need credible left wing eurosceptic parties as well . 
  maybe contrarian is n't the worst guess . 
  i have my suspicions about eu/us involvement in the original revolution , i think the country is indeed divided about where it belongs in the world and i think ukraine would be better off economically and politically establishing itself as a buffer state until it fixes it 's internal problems . 
  fighting a war on both corruption and russia is only going to bring it more hardship in the near term . 
  it 's a pragmatic take on it but when is politics ever anything else . 
   eurozone is not foreign policy thing . 
  what are you even writing ? 
  eh if you have n't noticed we are being dragged into a union where the strong countries eat the weak ( at least that 's how i see it ) it 's all good and well until it 's your turn to be turned on . 
  but hey i do n't see you agreeing with me here , that said the way greece is being treated ( by my own country as well ) i do n't want to continue with that especially since it 's only a matter of time until they need another bailout and then it will be italy , or spain or ireland or even finland thanks to us picking up the slack over and over . 
  if you remember they gave up the peg right before qe was announced as they knew what it would do to the value of the euro . 
  if they did n't do it then it would have been a lot more rough to carry out on a further devalued euro . 
  oh yea , i 'm a pro kremlin troll , except all the times we agreed on issues of national sovereignty and eu immigration reform but hey when i say something you do n't like i guess it 's fine to throw that back at me . 
  actually that 's much better and more positive sounding too , 
  meh , we are free to negotiate our own free trade deals as we wish and more than likely write in existing deals to stay as they are . 
  what i want is our sovereignty enshrined , free trade and the other stuff is generally win/win so there is no logical reasons other nations would refuse apart from spite and if that 's how they are going to roll better out now than later . 
  oh no , at this stage after seeing the way germany is dominating both eu and eurozone foreign policy i would rather we leave both . 
  either that or negotiate better terms like the uk are attempting . 
  popcorn or not there is no harm trying the democratic route although i do n't think the eu cares very much what we want, 
   up by $ 23.4 billion in a month , the bank of italy said on tuesday lol greece is literally a non story compared to this . 
  maybe the eurozone would rather the focus stay on them for a bit longer, 
  well it 's about time someone put their money where their mouth is . 
  i 'd be delighted if we got a finnexit vote , in fact i just signed the citizens initiative that will force parliament to consider it . 
   we win elsewhere  just look at the recent string of u.s. states passing anti-bds laws . 
  that sweet bribery paying off eh , goddamm i hate your culture , the fact you have to bribe anti bds laws just shows how israel 's jimmies are rustled . 
  how you can make a boycott * illegal * is beyond me . 
   if you think you 're buying a lifestyle when you buy a car then congrats , you 've fallen for one of the oldest tricks of the ad industry . 
  you are right to a point , although it 's not that * i * specifically think i 'm buying some lifestyle , it 's more to the case i hate to buy a bmw because of the specific type of asshole that is now known to mostly drive them , same reason i do n't buy a volvo estate as i do n't want to be seen as that family guy who goes off to his summer house at weekends . 
  like it or not car snobbery is a thing and i ca n't look away from it . 
  yep , you buy the lifestyle not the car . 
  sure it might be a little more likely to stop on the side of the road but there is nothing more boring to a woman than seeing a guy in a german car . 
  and the kind of peopel who are attracted to men in bmw 's , audi 's is well , cough cough * whores *, 
  yea sure and this is nothing to do with germany and it 's willing ` partners ' trying to quash left wing resistance in another european state and ignoring the people who voted to end austerity . 
  there there is the whole , `` more austerity '' when it 's already been shown and proven to not help the economy in any way , but hey maybe i 'll just save this comment and link you back to it in three years when things are worse for greek people and you are complaining about another bailout . 
  i would be all for a grexit if i was n't smart enough to know germany no doubt said they would purposely destroy the new independent greek state if it tried that but hey guess we 'll never know since the lazy euro-group citizens could n't be bothered to keep notes, 
  ordering fresh ties to chew on as we speak, 
  yea pretty much , even on social issues they are left enough , as far as i remember they are not against basic income and regarding greece they do honestly believe a grexit will simply allow them to recover faster overall . 
  they are not `` againt bailout '' for the the same reasons as the so called centrist parties in europe . 
  well all the stupid buzzwords aside bds has been remarkably good at rustling israels jimmies . 
  so much so they are pushing the us to make it illegal for europe to boycott israel in ttip , the most glorious of ` free trade ' treaty 's . 
  is that the boogeyman everyone goes to to now when something they would rather see not happen appears on the internet . . sigh, 
  no i do n't want to see the economic anexation of another country considering mine seems to have already been castrated , all we need to do now is cripple our finance minister and he 'll be the exact same as the german one . 
  plus i always wanted an alfa romeo anyway . 
  we only have lidl in finland and i do n't think it 's even that big yet . 
  either way as a greek supporter i 'll stop shopping there but mainly because it will drive my drive my german friend crazy , * `` but you know now dat lidl iz cheeper for ze same item , why would you go to ze expensive place ? 
  '' * at least i think i 've narrowed down the german psychology enough to say that sort of behavior will get them going . 
  well technically since they dropped the mask and germany is now europe it 's apparently ok . 
  ugh , stopped reading after that guy verhofstadt called the finns party `` far right '' they might be dicks but they are a long way from far right . 
  while i hate the term `` populist '' it does describe them best . 
  sorry i mean to say my sarcasm was not all aimed at you earlier but it 's been explained to me there is no grexit from the euro without leaving the eu as well as it 's pretty much mandated all eu states must adopt the euro at some point . 
  i get what you are saying but you are now talking like a technocrat when we all know this is about the eu regardless of who or why they were there, 
  now that is a leak i would truly be grateful for . 
  that said , i think he only made let it be known he was recording to get better treatment in the meetings, 
  well you can blame your beloved eurogroup for that . 
  `` you shall not make unilateral decisions , now wait for us to run down the clock and then tell you what to do lat minute while we then say you did nothing for six months '', 
   sovereign governments , that in the end went against even the recommendations of most actual financial institutions . 
  so that 's how it 's going to be spun when we revisit the greek debt crisis in three years is it . 
  funny how a `` grexit '' can be decided upon by an informal group with nothing to do with the eu , maybe just * maybe * these guys should be asked to keep notes . 
  / s i do n't even know who to direct my sarcasm at but it 's all aimed at you but to say the eu has nothing to do with this is just silly . 
  today i fantasied about fucking with his brakes and taking him for a cliff-side walk . 
  i think we get it now, 
  yep we did indeed learn it 's nothing more than a mafia this week, 
  nope but i 'm still waiting for a credible left wing eurosceptic party to support , `` the finns '' are just a bit simple for my tastes , ironically basic finns is how the name best translates from finnish . 
  sorry with irrevocable shit like ttip on the horizon i have no time or patience anymore, 
   well , that 's what a united state would do . 
  i like many other newfound eurosceptics want out of the eu so bad right now . 
  in annexing greece germany had to take off the mask , everyone now knows the fourth reich is upon us, 
  just hope some idiot does n't make this eu any more a `` no backsies '' thing . 
  i have a feeling eurosceptic parties picked up a lot of votes the past week, 
  just fighting for what i believe thatchers ghost ? 
  give it up you aint getting any, 
  at least if greece had to give up an island we could be honest with ourselves what this really is . 
  the tanks have been the banks for a good few decades now, 
  but it 's true , when you own the lake of money taking a piss in it now and again is n't going to be that noticeable . 
  i think it 's 63 % of all currency is usd when the lake is a small pool it 's a different story, 
  just like someone does n't understand certain free trade agreements are mostly nothing to do with `` free trade '', 
  so we only started not caring about economics in the late 70 's then ? 
  either way the empirical data says it started getting much more unequal around then which conveniently is tied with the removal of the gold standard and ability to print at will . 
   sucking it up and getting through this crisis with painful measures shows people are willing to fight for what could be theirs , that 's something to be proud of . 
  thanks exactly my feeling as regards greece defaulting on it 's debt . 
  iceland sucked it up , the first few years were painful and capital controls were hard but in the end they were able to grow out of it . 
  greece is chained to debt for the next 50 years now thanks to the eu and they wo n't ` grow ' for themselves either . 
  if you have ever tried to get an alcoholic or addict into recovery helping them get `` one last fix '' rarely works .
