  roman abramovich disagrees, 
  ha haha , that 's amazing , we now need a map showing which countries are which . 
  it 's hard to say where finland comes on that scale as we are more talkative but also more everything . 
  i 'm going say compared to other countries i 've been in europe we are `` angry drunk '' except when it comes to festivals but nobody is every angry drunk there . 
  to add my own experience , dutch : happy drunk sweden : angry drunk latvia : angry drunk estonia : angry drunk poland : happy drunk russia : happy drunk france : not large enough sample size luxembourg : happy drunk uk : angry drunk ireland : happy drunk germany : special kind of german logical drunk but slightly happier spain : happy drunk, 
  simple facts are london , geneva , miami are seen as safe places to store your questionably earned wealth with more stable politics and currency than russia or saudi arabia , if you were a russian oligarch you would like to have much of your money out of reach of the government and a second passport too . 
  i find just as morally reprehensible that these places claim some moral high ground in the world while accepting all the dirty money no questions asked . 
  i 'm actually surprised the uk threatened this as just like not selling the mistral ships will hurt the french defense industry 's reputation you can bet your sweet ass wealthy chinese and saudi 's are reconsidering how safe their money really is in the uk now if they show they are willing to use it as political blackmail . 
   we have ipads , they have ... well ... they have cheese if they wait in the line long enough . 
  actually for a while last year after the sharp decline in the ruble russia was the cheapest place in the world to buy an ipad , :p actually i took the visa free boat and did some sanctions shopping there last christmas and picked up some fancy electronics for near half the price they were here . 
  then your govnerment should be more careful unless they presumably know more than i do as i wonder what would happen to london 's property bubble if all the russian money was to suddenly move away . 
   he warns russia could be `` single greatest threat '' to britain  the wealth of putin 's court is opaque , but undoubtedly runs into tens of billions of dollars held in offshore accounts and property in london and new york sounds like they are more afraid of russians pulling their dirty money that 's fueling the london property bubble out of the country [ sauce : london property boom built on dirty money ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/london-property-boom-built-on-dirty-money-10083527.html ), 
   in west people wait for newest apple products that cost ridiculous amounts , in russia people wait for cheese that costs too much for too many what has that got to do with it , russia is an independent sovereign state who 's president has majority support for his actions . 
  nato has not been attacked , ukraine take steps of it 's own to denounce russia and now it 's dealing with those actions . 
  you can huff and puff from your mansion in helsinki all you want but all you are proposing is the west conduct full scale economic warfare and take the russian state down by any means . 
  congratulations you just proved putin and his fears correct . 
  nothing is fair in geopolitics but what you propose makes us no better than russia . 
   how is that different to what i said ? 
  he wants leniency for ireland he want 's lenience for all the wrong reasons , the correct stance to take would be to insist france balance their budget instead of asking that he be let break the rules too . 
  have we not had enough debt crisis for now , seems some politicians ca n't wait to get back on the giveaway bandwagon, 
  well that 's exactly what the jury who decided those cases declared , who am i to say america is morally corrupt but that 's the way it is and not much i can do to change the result . 
   that is why the usa and eu will keep sanctions on until the regime in kremlin is changed and crimea is returned to be part of ukraine . 
  either there is a peaceful regime change in kremlin or russia again suffer an internal collapse . 
  that sounds like war talk to me , no wonder russia is feeling cornered, 
  no he was n't more leniency to introduce a giveaway budget this december knowing general elections are next year and his party are fast losing hope of reelection . 
  some people never learn, 
  with some very impressive cgi skills , it was actually made by just one guy and he has tutorials on how he made the effects on his channel, 
   i think populations are well enough equipped to demand what they need and desire , and if not , they are able to quickly educate themselves into positions where that can do exactly that . 
  really , i think people are paralyzed by information these days , no matter what the topic special interest groups make sure there is sufficient counterpoints to nearly every argument that no one truth and consensus ever really emerges and people just do n't take action , take an obvious one like climate change which is pretty much accepted fact but yet somehow the other side has been able to throw enough money at dodgy scientists and studies that even be accepted as fact and so people just ca n't do anything about it without having to debunk all the crap in the process . 
  the same goes for the universal healthcare in britain ( nhs ) i do n't know a single person that supports privitization but yet that is what the government there is doing piece by piece . 
  in ireland right now you have the water charges face off where the majority of people oppose it , hundreds of thousands have protested it , but yet they carry on with it anyway while the state and private media try to de-legitimize the protesters . 
  i 'm going off topic and it 's not so important but these sort of government actions are the reason alternative party 's are coming to power in europe now so maybe after all the system works but it sure is n't easy and i 've yet to see these sorts of undemocratic actions come to an end . 
  probably the government with most popular support in all of europe today is syriza and that is because they are doing what their voters asked , hell they even had pro-government support rallies which is something i have n't seen in europe for a long time . 
  `` i prefer to spend my money on something tangible '', 
   there are countless people that live beyond their personal means ( with their parents or grandparents money ) and having these datas exposed would publically humiliate them . 
  that 's a horrible culture then and something that should be done away with imo . 
  it 's simple , true communism is not a top down and authoritarian like the soviet implementation but decentralized and with a flat power structure . 
   genuine marxists at the time thought it was a good idea some did some did n't but i take your point , but it 's also worth pointing out that marx was n't right about everything either and he does n't embody communism or socialism but yes is highly influential . 
  schools of thought evolve , for example most socialists like myself will admit marx underestimated the flexibility of capitalism in it 's ability to create the social state which brought in things like universal healthcare and free education , even in the us the new deal incorporated many aspects of what could be seen then as socialism . 
  this method of transferring wealth has been broadly successful in stopping capitalism turning into a game of monopoly where all the money eventually ends up with the person who has the most capital . 
  however i also believe as one by one these policy 's of the post world war era are abolished wealth distribution is once again destroyed as you can see by the growing `` 1 % '' . 
  by and large these social democracies developed as a direct counterbalance to soviet communism and now that it does n't exist they can be done away with as there is no real competing ideology to western capitalism now that they need to fend off . 
  i would since it brings up an image of the old british empire in most peoples minds , canada , india , australia etc , except those countries did n't fight the british for all their history and many even still keep the queen as head of state . 
  i 'd take offence to swedishsphere too since we were once sweden and it 's the second official language but we do n't want to be lumped in with them . 
  i 'm not going to tell you who you should belong to but considering the bad history with britain i would n't jump to include yourself in their club , why not be part of the celticsphere ? 
   anglosphere means `` all countries that speak mainly english '' . 
  dammit you are right , i would still take offence to the term though . 
  ugh , the polish flag makes sense , i do n't know what it is with eastern europeans and the fact they ca n't just read marx and see soviet communism has little in common but trust me the capitalist cool aid might temporally kill the taste of giving fellatio to all those americans ( as your president put it ) but in the end you will see your society and sense of community start to degrade . 
  poland is `` improving '' right now so it seems good but give it time , more immigrants , a population pyramid turning around because everyone is working and you will become jaded like the rest of us that had to suffer under the new neo-con capitalists, 
   but trying to find daycare to actually make use of that opportunity can be difficult . 
   meanwhile in france every child gets taken care of , and that shows in the statistics that 's kind of my point , childcare should be free for anyone who wants to work and i think that 's the one of the main differences i see between the socialist french and capitalistic germans . 
  i know i am just playing on stereotypes in the above statement but it would seem to me germany gives women kids and mini jobs while france gives women childcare and careers . 
  capitalism = boys club . 
  the more you get into it and the more productivity you seek , the more it becomes apparent women over the course of their careers tend to cost more than men and are the only sex capable of reproduction . 
  the predatory nature of capitalism brings this trait out in us, 
   third in the anglosphere !, 
  what !, 
  ireland ... anglosphere that 's like finland saying `` best in the russosphere '' i thought you fought for something more than being in a sphere . 
   it 's not like russia was just just all leftist talk for 70 years . 
  that 's the thing you are making the common mistake of associating the soviet union with real socialism or communism , yes they copied some elements of socialism/communism like equal gender rights but by and large it was a dodgy implementation that you see many people in the left defending ,, 
   citizens was 9 % two weeks ago . 
  they are in technical draw with podemos , well this is the most recent report/support/poll i found  the last poll by cadena ser , spain 's largest radio network , suggested that podemos is currently the country 's most popular party , with support from 24.6 per cent of the electorate . 
  [ sauce  ( http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/worldnews/europe/spain/11444876/podemos-struggles-to-rebuff-venezuela-link.html )  syriza 's talk of quitting just saying it 's the first i 've heard of any such plans , last i seen they had actually rallies of * support * from the greek people so do n't see any plans to leave office there . 
   sinn f\u00e9in can hardly be considered a part of a hypothetic future change for europe . 
  ireland may have it 's first government in history not lead by one of the two establishment center right party 's and so this is a big deal . 
   and that 's it even if podemos wins in spain ( and it wo n't surely be able to form a government without significant compromises ) . 
  three peripheral countries against a france that is turning to the right , a germany that still stands by cdu and in general a very strong defense basis for austerity and the continuing of current economic policy . 
  well first and foremost i am looking for a fundamental shakeup of european politics so that would suit me just fine , france is one of the most left wing countries in europe and le pen wont change that either , the only reason they are called right wing is their anti immigration stance afaik , i do n't know the exact situation in germany but i 've been hearing their eurosceptic party has been making a lot of gains . 
  anyway what i want is decentralization of power in europe and if it means a left/right fracture down the middle that will do just fine . 
   podemos is going to fall behind citizens in a few weeks  syriza is already talking of quitting what else does your crystal ball tell us ? 
   no other country seems to have a credible left party well sein fein is leading the polls in ireland now as well . 
  you 're not wrong either, 
  did you even read the article fifty-five percent of the 1,600 adults across russia polled about their voting intentions ** by the independent levada center ** last month said they would cast their ballot in favor of putin if a snap presidential election were held the following weekend . 
  congratulations podemos and welcome to the new european left . 
  one at a time the old guard will fall . 
  the russian stereotype of strong , confident and good looking women is just as accurate as the ones about guys by and large drinking too much . 
  also studies show socialism or socialist policy 's lend themselves to better empowerment of women , there was a pretty good documentary on the topic comparing east and west germany . 
  [ do communists have better sex ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fl_r7ricds8 ) i 'd love to see evidence for this but from what i observe capitalism seems to fall in on itself over time where peoples work lives take so much effort they have no time for kids and so capitalist economies must supplement their own populations with immigrants to keep themselves afloat but then this has knock on problems with crime and the fact immigrants often create social tension . 
  great answer , you said what i was too lazy to type out in full . 
  i find this anarcho capitalism the most hilarious of them all as they actually wrap so much of that crap in a package of unrealistic pretending to care `` everyone will be fine if we just leave each other alone '' isolationist nonsense . 
  it 's as if someone though `` how can we troll the far left , hey lets steal many attractive parts like pacifism grass roots governance but literally everything will be for sale '' it 's the closest ideology to cancer i think i 've ever heard of . 
  put simply , mo money , mo problems . 
  they claim some gdp benefits but nothing that can be quantified for the average worker so ca n't see how it makes anyone better off . 
  then you have the fact our markets will be opened to more american food standards which to me seem lower quality than that european produce . 
  i mean just go to the us and taste their food , vegetables taste like nothing , meat is crap , cheese is crap . 
  and then i will be the asshole asking every food establishment `` where they source their beef/chicken '' because i do n't want to be eating chlorine washed or steroid infused meat so yes that is how it will make peoples lives worse, 
  what is it with right wing party 's and supporting shit that will make peoples lives worse, 
  i agree but ukraine also gave them the ammo they needed by throwing out their government in an undemocratic and coup-like fashion . 
  i ca n't see finland turning into such an unstable state politically in the near future . 
  one finnish parent , one non finnsh , grew up first 16 years in an english speaking country , my finish is ok but it 's cumbersome ja kirja suomi netissa just looks plain dumb anyway, 
  what because i wont respond to the trollish `` language requirements '' i 'm not finnish now . 
  this is an english forum but here let me appease you with my finnish : http://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/2wndh4/anti_maidan_rally_in_moscow_today_we_wont_forget/costoq1, 
   maintains independence this is the one i like , we did n't take marshal fund charity either , still if it was n't an alliance formed in the midst of war i would not be able to forgive the nazi thing but when people are dying around you i 'm going to assume they did n't have time to discuss politics . 
  the narrative you are creating is good but you forget that the russian people do n't want war with a peaceful state and people . 
  the war in ukraine was created and russian peoples opinion was twisted using the initial undemocratic ousting of a president and hamfisted reaction of ukraine to the initial uprising in the east , it gave russian media all the material they needed to go `` look they are burning russians in odessa , '' `` look the military shoot protesters in the streets '' `` look they are shelling civilians '' your situation may work out in a tom clancy novel but as long as finland does n't start making new military friends russia has nothing bad to say about us and there will be no invasion . 
  if you feel the need to prepare for something that in all likelihood wo n't and will never happen you might find yourself more at home in / r/collapse or / r/panichistory, 
   finns on the other hand gave everyone a rifle and slaughtered commies in massive numbers . 
  actually we just sort of teamed up with tee nazi 's for a while but in the end pushed the su back, 
  no you really do have issues , i 'd struggled to think of one strategic benefit to russia of attacking finland and i 've not even got one solid one , care to help * no resources that russia does n't have in quantity . 
  * one million strong army of reservists trained in modern guerrilla war tactics trained to fight this war and occupation a failure .
