  i have a theory the v man has been pimped out to lady lagarde and is literally suger dicking her but that 's where i end talking logically . 
  so safe to assume greece is going to default on it 's payment to the ecb on monday the 20th then ... 
   not really , at the time people did n't realise the rebels had the weapons to get that high , not true , i was following the conflict very closely around that time and weeks or even months before it happened there was pictures of rebels with a buk they apparently * liberated * from a ukrainian base . 
  at the time everyone on the ukr conflict sub said `` they wont be able to use it '' `` they need the radar station '' `` it 's not functional anyway '' etc nor did i even know it was a threat to aircraft that high but the fact they had it was indeed documented and well known . 
  they even bragged about having it . 
  airlines clearly were as dumb as me in not figuring out the threat here although i think they should have been more wise considering it was their job and all . 
  i had a feeling it was something along those lines , thanks, 
  i guess nobody but when you live in a society where people would rely on the good of each other a whole lot more it might be a poor move in the long run , you might have my shoes but when the local doctor sees you wearing them they might be less likely to want to see you . 
  but when people do n't want for anything they rarely steal anyway , inequality and actual poverty are the biggest drivers for that kind of behavior . 
  that said i do n't believe an anarchistic society would be perfect either , capitalism and profit motivates have driven man to create a lot of things that might otherwise not happen . 
  i phones would not happen ( or at least not at that price ) for starters ( considering they rely on slave labor form the raw materials mines to the production in china . 
  for me the benefits there outweigh the losses but for others i 'm not so sure ,, 
  yep , knew what that was before clicking it . 
  i honestly felt bad for the guy , we just wanted to sell his mushrooms in peace , apparently the guy is a martial arts instructor for the estonian police as well or so i was told . 
   it goes against non-anarchocapitalist `` anarchism '' , at least how i understand it . 
  try going to / r/anarchism [ 1 ] and talk about wanting to keep personal property and see how that goes . 
  i try to not do that these days as i prefer to hang out with people who prefer to discuss implementable rules tomorrow and not the hypothetical but even there there are always possessions in anarchism be it the shirt on your back or the shoes you wear , it just depends to what extent you take it . 
  anyway like i said rather not get into it, 
  it was a joke , well a shower thought at most, 
  how is the citys population and therefore rent be increasing so fast though when population in germany in the east in particular is falling ? 
  what is property ? 
  i do n't see why having personal possessions goes against anarchism , that said nestle is n't a person so i 'd rather if they gave back that water they claim as theirs and steal from everyone or better still let the workers take charge and distribute it for everyone since they are most capable of that role . 
  better still lets not get into this but i do n't see why anarchism means i can steal your baby , nor does it mean you own your child . 
  generally speaking at least to me it means sharing everything with respect for everyone but we are too far from that ideal to discuss direct implementation ,, 
  yep i heard some rumblings about a `` nordic model '' strong efficient state services will be more economical than private offerings any day , assuming they are run correctly . 
  it always surprized me how ireland had so many unemployed for a while but no such thing as free childcare and many basic services that need modernizing , you got unemployed people and you got children that need minding so some parents can work , there is a natural efficiency the state count intervene in there . 
  i 'm not saying to go full public works but in my opinion it 's what we need to do now to get ourselves out of recession and that is get those who are unemployed working for the state even if it 's for experience or a bit extra on top of their benefits because there is so much stuff we could be improving, 
  nah i 'm more progressive myself with anarchist roots . 
  still nothing worse that those an cap kids who think a world where everything is up for sale would be utopia , i 'm almost convinced if i go real deep that it 's a koch brothers * youth * sponsored campaign to make kids into hail corporate slaves , now that ' t the * true anarchist * talking, 
  better get campaigning for the social democrats then . 
  it was refreshing to see an irish party i could actually vote for being formed this week, 
   the 17-minute long footage smuggled out from the rebels ' own donetsk base , clearly identifies the militia by face and in one instance his self proclaimed donetsk people 's republic id , as they disturbingly work around the dismembered bodies of the passengers and crew to rummage through their belongings to find things of value . 
  anyone got a source for the full unedited video as i ca n't find it on liveleak ? 
  i want to see how it was cut for this report or what was left out . 
  damm right there is nothing anarchist about it . 
  anarcho-capitalism would be better described as corporate feudalism where people are free to be bought and sold ... willingly of course, 
  does n't stop any of the other nations ( i think most at this stage ) braking rules every day . 
  even mighty germany is brekaing the rules regarding trade surplus, 
  tampere naked bus man ... never forget [ no charges for police in naked tampere assault ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/no_charges_for_police_in_naked_tampere_assault/6424322 ) wish i could find the video of the drunk guy coming off the ferry from tallinn and going through the luggage scanner naked but that would mean searching seiska, 
  yep we literally have bible buses as well . 
  it 's kinda weird but during my hitch hiker years i did appreciate them as they were always guaranteed to give you a ride if you were willing to listen to them preach about jesus for the duration of it . 
  a greek gift ~ ~ exchange ~ ~ giving would be awesome to organize on reddit . 
  while i rally against the eu and it 's politics here all the time i do believe in the european identity and would gladly send some help to greek bros. 
  i 'm sure the europhiles on here would be only too happy to take par too for the possible good pr it would bring to europe as well . 
   drink about ten pints of ale with a large serving of black pudding that sounds awesome to be honest , black pudding/blood sausage is practically a delicacy here and well finnish beer is piss so i 'll take your ale any day https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mustamakkara, 
  only if denmark takes malmo, 
   it seems that this makes europe as a whole just more powerful , the best products for good prices . 
  any thoughts on that ? 
  i think in the long run you are kinda correct assuming everyone plays fair and improving the rest of europe does n't become germany just buying up or taking over the rest of europe . 
  if you just look at the auto industry seat and skeoda is now vw and i think some italian brands are too , lamborghini is basically an audi now . 
  france which has also done pretty ok with the euro is consolidating too with dacia owned by renault . 
  i guess it all depends on how you see it , i do n't believe in nor want a european superstate ( especially a neo lberal one based on germany ) so i see it as a hostile takeover , others might see it different but that 's subjective and well i 'm too tired to get into the politics of it all . 
   germany and the rest of the world would still export to greece for drachmas but they would have to accept a lower profit margin . 
  they would assuming they have goods they import from greece that they can spend those drachmas on . 
  the problem with doing that traditionally is that germany in that situation would not want to sit on the drachmas too long and leave themselves with currency exposure should greece decide to print more and devalue . 
  no it has everything to do with it . 
  you need dmarks to buy german products and since you guys do n't like printing money there is only a certain amount to go around . 
  supply and demand now kicks in  germany would benefit more in regard to say italy no matter how cheap the euro is in the scenario you describe simply because the production is better . 
  i know and that 's what it 's bad for everyone else . 
  lets just say hypothetically speaking every other country apart from germany leaves the euro , because germany exports more than it imports there is going to be more demand for euro 's to buy those exports than there are euros in existence and the value of eur will naturally increase . 
  ( that 's the supply and demand part ) now italians and french will find german products un-affordable thanks to how expensive the euro is compared to their currency 's but their own exports will become more competitive in comparison ( because less people want the not so efficiently made product ) there is a balancing effect which currency 's bring , currency that is in demand like the swiss frank are strong and give a lot of purchasing power but hurt exports , weak currency 's like the rouble is currently make imports more expensive but this has the side effect of helping local business to become more competitive compared to expensive imports . 
  in the past german efficiency and exports has been held back by how strong the dmark was , now it has no such problem and other countries do n't have the lever available to make their own cheaper either . 
  i think that logic should have hit home how your economy is screwing everyone else, 
  now they are just copying the v mans homework assignment . 
  lazy germans, 
  yep , same mechanism , i probably should have explained it like that , devaluation is mostly used when you need to actually become more competitive ,, 
  i guess being 29 and vaguely remembering the previous currency makes me old now \u00af \\ _ ( \u30c4 ) _ / \u00af the thing that annoys me though is germany and germans probably think they are doing a great thing by making the south more competitive on a 1:1 basis without realizing every country ca n't be a net exporter and they are causing serious damage since they gain on both sides , a strong economy means a strong valuable currency which makes your exports expensive so germany gains both on the inefficiency of the south and the fact their weak economy is keeping the euro down . 
  we are getting screwed in a similar but not as bad way as well . 
  we are efficient but expensive, 
  yea but does n't mean we want more of it . 
  finally something that is 100 % sure to make it to the frontpage that 's not about greece, 
  let me stroke your ego for a minute , what he is saying is when competing like for like with germany the southern states production process is not as efficient as germany 's . 
  the traditional way to counteract that would be to make your products comparatively cheaper by devaluing the lira against the dmark so a fiat or alfa romeo becomes 20 % less than a vw . 
  with the euro that mechanism is gone and germans rule supreme and nobody can compete without overhauling everything in their economy first and giving germany a competitive head start, 
   meanwhile janet yellen said today that the fed is going to increase the federal funds rate ** soon ** \u2122 ftfy it 's getting hilarious at this stage how they keep extending and pretending they can actually raise it by any meaningful amount considering how much cheap corporate debt has been rolled out, 
  i told y' all we want out given the chance . 
  i seriously do n't know anyone irl who thinks the euro is even a good thing . 
  i mean best case scenario to us is the eu brings everyone to german standard of living , then we see all the stupid refugee shit , terrible childcare and all the other downsides and go `` fuck that '', 
  sorry but taking a few people out of a war and leaving most at home doe 's sweet fuck all anyway . 
  the problems in africa are overpopulation , the problems in syria are continual western destabilization . 
  none of those are our fault nor can we fix them by housing a few people who would like to get away from it all . 
  i am firmly of the camp that taking these people does n't help them , i believe in aid that actually helps people by taking direct action improving their lives in their place of residence . 
  the refugees fleeing overpopulation is the greatest oxymoron of the lot , `` yep lets just take a few more and i 'm sure they will stop breeding '', 
  lets see if they every raise interests rates to 1 % for more than a year and do n't have a dollar crisis . 
  my bet is they ca n't even do that , so in that context is the dollar not already a failure ? 
  in the end only bavaia will survive after it eats the entire eurozone and then germany, 
  sneaky , you put irelands gdp figures in the graph , not gdp ppp, 
   nothing kills the electoral prospects of an incumbent party more thorroughly than a sudden economic crisis before election day . 
  so you 're saying donald trump may try and crash the greek economy sometime next year ? 
   i for one do n't see why everyone looking the same or `` homogenous society '' is a value nothing to do with looks my friend but integration , any by that i mean real integration . 
  it 's easier to integrate 2 % foreign population than 10 % as when it reaches those levels they just gang together instead of putting in the work to adopt finnish virtues and what you have then is sweden . 
  due to the stupidity of taking in so many somalis it 's already happening that they are grouping together , give finns well educated immigrants who pass certain language proficiency levels before getting a visa and you will find these type of people would be welcomed with open arms and they are willing but just cant get visa 's . 
  i 'm not daft enough to think there is nothing we can improve about our own country from foreigners but lets be honest the refugees are a joke , most are uneducated and we have enough uneducated finns looking to fill basic positions as it is , they find it tough to get a job because of lack of skills and the obvious racism and very soon resign themselves to a life on the welfare state and maybe pop out a few kids that they will likely raise to the same standard . 
  i work with developers from indonesia and china who had to work very hard to get a visa to come here , they are more finnish than myself at this stage seeing more of this place than i ever have but it 's because they wanted it . 
  so now you are saying brics are important and a force in the world , most people write that alliance off as a joke when it suits them and a threat when it does n't, 
  or you know maybe let them fix themselves as they wish . 
  if you have ever tried to help someone who is substance dependent you would know it does n't work , change only comes from within , outside help either only enables or makes the person/country think they do n't need to change * yet *, 
  add to that the inability to run a proper welfare state because it will only become destination number one to those who desire to live off welfare and ultimately fail . 
  just look at what sweden is dealing with already , now imagine when the first eu state introduces basic income . 
  the problem with all this is the minimal state with maximum privatization seems to have the advantage at all times and that neo liberal bullshit is not on my agenda of `` things to turn my country into '',
