  and thats just one off my head use case, 
  sure if you idea of a country is corporate feudalism wrapped up in some burgundy thaterirte wrapping paper . 
  i mean thats what they are about , selling off everything belonging to the state until there is no state left . 
  you see where i 'm going with this . 
  not saying labour is any better but at lest this guy is correct in taking back state enterprises, 
  you wot m8 . 
  you want to take it outside or maybe not since i see you are barely a 5 day old shitposter yourself and i would n't want to beat on a baby, 
  power to them , it 's about time people started enforcing law and order on the border when it 's obvious the police and politicians do n't give a shit . 
   i 'm not going to give up charge backs and general consumer protection for them to save 2 % on their bottom line companies like bitpay are filling that gap now however and providing consumer protections with still less costs than traditional methods . 
  i agree there is many problems with consumer friendliness but the idea of a blockchain based backbone to create synergy in payment authorization and clearing is massive and too big for companies to ignore . 
  it might not be bitcoin but for sure the technology will be used in future . 
  and in most cases i would be , provided they were not the source or took turns ratcheting up the tensions . 
   bitcoin does no such thing when it comes to debit/credit cards . 
  then you clearly do n't run a pos terminal or take credit or debit cards . 
  first there is a 2 % merchant fee on every sale you make ( not applicable with bitcoin ) and then there is the fact is you run an online business you will suffer chargebacks and other issues such as credit card fraud . 
  as a retailer there is many benefits to a bitcoin like system , as a consumer it 's marginal . 
   the right wing are indeed the only people who will stand up for the nation . 
  i needed a good laugh on a crappy monday thanks . 
  right wing ... . helping the country ... thats a good one . 
  the right wing are consistently the most selfish voter base there is . 
   and finland nope , we do n't want to join that club , and epically do n't if it 's filled with the more aggressive members that will end up dragging us into their wars, 
  so i see the mods outright gave up on their commitment to updating this thread . 
  can we please have a filter or go back to how things were now since there is clearly no commitment to make this megathread work, 
  when i saw g\u00e9rard depardieu in life of pi it instantly became clear it was russian propaganda , the tiger was obviously a symbolic representation of putin . 
  you ca n't tolerate that sort of brain washing , it 's a clear threat to national security . 
  / s * top comment and stroke of genius from worldnews *, 
  most eu countries do n't allow gmo 's either or are very specific to those with a long history of no adverse problems as per the precautionary principle which i fully support . 
  in another decade we should have lots of data on gmo crops in other countries to make a sensible and informed decision, 
   so what was it then exactly ? 
  basally totalitarian communism , an extreme form of serfdom with some perks to keep the workers happy , take your pick but calling the ussr socialist is an insult to actual socialists . 
  the level of butthurt from latvia over this is hallarious . 
  get over it , crimea is russia now and no about of showboating will change that , it might raise your gas price and cool diplomatic relations even further however . 
  marine radar , it 's a thing and yea it 's not impossible given the amount of naval ships we have put there for ` rescue ' add in a few drones and you could pretty much cut all of them off from reaching international waters, 
  no you can just stay on the border blocking any ships from leaving it 's waters and if necessary deploy a long pole to poke back any ships attempting a run for it . 
  there is always a loophole if any of our pussies in power actually had the political balls to pursue them, 
  well you could stop boats leaving african waters for a start , not in international waters , not our problem . 
  plus putting boats in the sea that are then obliged to rescue these people only means they are making it easier . 
  well if farmers are no better off then what is the point of bragging about increasing these exports . 
  they are the ones who are literally slaving to give other people cheap subsidized produce, 
  yea but this is also just a very vague graphic that explains nothing . 
  a ll over europe i hear of farmers protesting they ca n't make a living , it also so happens the euro lost about 15 % of it 's value over this time so it 's cheaper for other countries to import our produce . 
  i just wish they would back up this with reasons, 
  what a stupid thing this whole `` rescue '' operations are . 
  if things are so good they why are they still giving emergency funding to dairy farmers and others effected by this ? 
  oh look another russia bashing thread on r/europe , why am i not surprized, 
  why has this not been updated in like 4 days ? 
   people of sweden , i 'm interested to know how true is this rt clip ? 
  did n't really answer the question though, 
  yep , pretty sure * to the typical economist reader * things are looking up alright, 
  it does n't change the fact you also had your culture forcibly changed after ww2 which means you cant be a control group . 
  switzerland would arguably be a better control group than western germany for such a test if two trains drive away from each other from an unspecified point at a random speed there is no way of really knowing which traveled the furthest or where either started , actually that sounds like a shitty analogy but i 'll stand by it . 
  quite the pre election pr campaign the spanish government is running i 'll give them that . 
  i hope the tax cuts pay off / s, 
  why do you put germany as a `` control group '' do n't forget they were exposed to pretty much bare naked capitalism after ww2 . 
  i 'm sure people would say the culture of western germany changed massively after the war as well . 
  to answer the same question i would say we have more in common with estonia and russia in general than we do swedish people . 
  swedish people are just too happy , estonians and russians share our love of vodka and black humor more . 
  well at least we can hope if it comes down to `` fire them all '' we can be pretty sure they will aim more toward the usa over europe `` just to be sure '', 
  it 's ok i 'm well used to it at this stage . 
  to a certain degree i ask for it as well as i often present the contrary pov even though my own personal views lie more in the middle ground due to the fact this sub is so one sided on the topic . 
  to go back to what you were saying though , i probably know about four russians total , no best friends or anything but one guy and one girl who were on the same apartment floor as me during my erasmus year so lots of partying , the is now back in russia working as an engineer and the girl who was really talented musician is now living in london and a piano teacher/player , what i do remember from my time then is i got along much better and felt it much easier to just be with them as opposed to the southern europeans and that stays with me that despite all the sanctions and war nonsense we are very much alike . 
  i can only put it like this , we shared more of a love for clear alcohol , black humor and drinking ourselves stupid while the southerners danced and talked themselves tired after a few hours . 
  and i also learned the hard way do n't try to outdo them with the vodka as it simply wo n't happen . 
  we have n't talked much about the ukraine thing but agreed via facebook comments there is just too many outside interests with vested stakes on both sides of this conflict that it will only be ukrainians that suffer most . 
  the other two i got to know from my time as a couch-surfing host , two girls from st petersberg who work in a kpmg office there stayed a week in my place . 
  i must have got to know about 100 people of various nationality 's through that but they would be one of the 10 % i bothered to keep in contact with and say i will return the visit some day . 
  compared to my college friends they were very * russian * russian in comparison but not in a bad way . 
  everyone behaves in a different way when a guest in your home and it could be their own unique personality 's but over that week i felt like i had suddenly had two wives and that never happened before , i know from my college buddy `` men are men in russia and women are women '' but it did seem like that . 
  i came home from work to russian 's in heels , food ready and `` so to where would you like to show us from your city tonight '' compared to how things go here i was 100 % sure this was some sort of very sexy once in a lifetime build up but somehow managed to still come out with the fact i was dating someone and with a bit of awkward pause i heard one was married too and then i just explained how it was almost too friendly as most people kinda just do their own thing when staying . 
  long story short after breaking the ice we went out and as far as they were concerned it was my job to simply treat them as ladies , hold door 's , collect drinks and so on while housework is their thing . 
  while they were really honest and nice , i could n't help but get the feeling they put rose tinted glasses on a lot of things about home . 
  for sure it was n't out of any malice though , i think like you say they were maybe just a bit embarrassed of a few things and considering how they put on makeup before breakfast i guess impressions meant a lot . 
  yea well you 're not wanted . 
  op 's top comment at that time literally said he was wearing a bulletproof vest , not knowing norwegen i took it at face value . 
  hate to brag but i knew something was off about this whole thing and surprise surprise i got downvoted to hell for suspecting as such https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/3fug3p/shots_fired_and_probably_a_bomb_found_in_oslo/cts5thx, 
  exactly, 
  why of course ... ^ ^ i ^ ^ think , ^ ^ ^ hopefully but still jyv\u00e4skyl\u00e4 to me seems like bar murder capital of finland compared to it 's size . 
  last time i was there the first thing someone told me is do n't go to some bar like directly in front of the train station i just arrived in , `` you 'll probably get stabbed '', 
  it 's been scientifically proven that the people of central finland are superior to all other finns in every way . 
   everyone here is very handsome and muscular . 
  we all have 200 + iq . 
  everyone has long , golden blonde hair that is always blowing in the wind majestically , even when there 's no wind . 
  [ hmm is this you ] ( http://yle.fi/uutiset/swedish_nationals_in_pre-trial_detention_over_jyvaskyla_riot/8202894 ), 
   you ca n't make a dirty bomb with that by itself are you not more worried about the fact right wing crazies in western ukraine are possibly looking toward creating some sort of false flag attack . 
  i believe three white elephants are in development, 
   it is not realistic to ask you to watch a one hour video so : unfortunately it is , i hear far too little about the spanish economy so i 'm dual monitoring it as we speak although not having to pay attention to subs would be nice in any case thanks for the lnfo . 
  edit : yea the subtitles for an economics presentation do n't translate well . 
  i think it would be better spent on solar sea drones research that automatically tows unregistered undocumented ships back to their point of origin . 
  hell even drones that head-butt the ships back into their own sovereign waters is doable with that sort of money, 
  can any spaniard tell me if this is real or did i read wrongly that the current govnerment is going on a bit of a pre election spending spree ? 
  well the thing is who knows anything about this guy to qualify what sort of authority he has but his page sure does n't say much and seems he was one of the guys who decided to ban georgian wine around the time of the georgian war so that says a lot about motives to me and it 's pretty obvious russia is looking to help domestic industry now . 
   gennady onishchenko , a ** former chief sanitary doctor known for his creative approach to medical advice ** , said ... see if you ask me this is how western propaganda ( if you could use such a term ) works . 
  find some obscure bill that has n't even been put to parliament yet but has something controversial about it . 
  get some obscure former doctor/official/crackpot from russia to put their name to a bizarre statement and claim them as a legitimate source 3 . 
  watch the upboats and `` those backward russians '' comments fly they do the exact same thing in russia as well , if you remember the time sex with dogs was apparently made illegal ( or not i ca n't remember ) in denmark they ran with the story as if it was normal practice . 
  to me this reads like a daily mail piece, 
  oh please , this is just becasue big pharma does n't want cheaper generic drugs being sold in europe although i wish the article would go into more detail about which specific ones were considered unsafe . 
  meanwhile ttp and ttip all propose copyright extending measures to big corporations can make even more money off old drugs and stop generics hitting the market sooner . 
  i 'd say they were there long before the trouble started , as op said `` it 's cheaper '', 
  out of my few russian friends i 'd say most are the same although they are not blind to see how the us and the west have been making moves on russia since the fall of the ussr and the horrible yeltsin years .
