   land is in the middle of fucking nowhere , i can imagine plots would be adjacent so not really in the middle of nowhere when people take them up . 
  at that stage you have neighbors and the opportunity to share work . 
  hell if it was me i would get 11 friends and we would look after each others place for one month living wild each year and call it a productive holiday . 
  dude , that makes no sense unless you plan to grow firewood for winter on 3/4 of it . 
  one ha is more than enough presuming the land is arable and able to support crops, 
  i think a `` russia hate '' megathread is called for then too , maybe we can even get a `` greek hate '' one going too . 
  ^ * yes ^ of ^ course ^ this ^ is ^ a ^ sarcastic ^ comment, 
  as opposed to the right being obsessed with surveillance programs ? 
  in fact i would consider myself very much on the left but also very much against censorship and non intra eu immigration but i guess that does n't suit your 2cent stereotype, 
  thanks for the much needed sanity . 
  except it 's far from free to live there and i * think * you need to be permanently eu resident in order to not pay fees . 
  in finland it 's still free for all afaik but i just know about the sweden thing as there was talk of adopting the same rules here too, 
  no you just showed your ignorance once again when presented with precedent of how central bank interventions can go horribly wrong . 
  not to mention you clearly did n't even read the article that literally describes how they are intervening on the fx markets to lower their own currency 's exchange rate against the euro and then you say they are not doing that at all . 
  when you have a floating currency exchange rates should be left to the markets to decide ( although that common principle has gone out the door in this post 2008 era of qe and currency wars with different blocks intentionally devaluing to make their economies more competitive . 
  the central banks are now left holding euros , which is an exposure , are they overexposed now ? 
  i do n't know but i would like to see the currency breakdown of the reserves they are holding now . 
  since everyone thinks the euro is headed lower either they are betting against the market or they have some insider information of what the ecb is up to next . 
  what if the ecb next week announced they were pausing qe and the eur rose sharply , maybe then buying all those euros would pay off or maybe there would be a case for claiming they knew this beforehand just like the swiss conveniently pulled their eur peg right before announcing qe which saved them a lot of money buying euro trying to hold a rate they would only cost them billions . 
  do n't bother replying unless you have something of substance to add but do n't pretend we are not living in a world where central banks are manipulating markets at will . 
   yes , they absolutely do have the mandate . 
  it 's in the bloody constitution . 
  well you only had to say so but i 'm pretty sure it 's not part of any swiss constitution or else who would they have quit the peg . 
   who is to blame : governor of the central bank , that 's pretty obvious . 
  but these are n't `` bets '' in any sense of the word . 
  they 're not betting anything . 
  they 're just depreciating the exchange rate so as to stimulate exports . 
  well actually they are betting , they are betting that those euros they bought today wo n't depreciate any further against their own currency otherwise they literally will lose money or better still go look at all the times central banks have got burned by their * bets * in history  compounding the underlying problems inherent in the pound 's inclusion into the erm was the economic strain of reunification that germany found itself under , which put pressure on the mark as the core currency for the erm . 
  the drive for european unification also hit bumps during the passage of the maastricht treaty , which was meant to bring about the euro . 
  speculators began to eye the erm and wondered how long fixed exchange rates could fight natural market forces . 
  spotting the writing on the wall , britain upped its interest rates to the teens to attract people to the pound , but speculators , george soros among them , began heavy shorting of the currency . 
   the british government gave in and withdrew from the erm as it became clear that it was losing billions trying to buoy its currency artificially . 
  although it was a bitter pill to swallow , the pound came back stronger because the excess interest and high inflation were forced out of the british economy following the beating . 
  soros pocketed $ 1 billion on the deal and cemented his reputation as the premier currency speculator in the world . 
  http://www.investopedia.com/ask/answers/08/george-soros-bank-of-england.asp if i had a few billion i would be shorting the euro right now as well , market forces nearly always win out in the end and we all know it 's only a matter of time until there is another greek/italy/spanish debt/euro crisis . 
  but do these ` independent central banks have a mandate for these sorts of actions which basically amounts to currency manipulation considering the swiss formally ended any peg with the euro . 
  i mean trying to hold an unrealistic peg is what cost russia a lot of money last winter and fighting the market is often a foolhardy exercise . 
  who is to blame if swiss or czech taxpayers lose money on these bets ? 
  strategically speaking that sounds like a waste . 
  realistically for max gain europe should try and weasel its way out of helping the us and end their global hegemony after the war with a more saner european economic outlook . 
   and they do n't exactly come across as the most sexually repressed society on earth . 
  three times more likely to suffer from impotence says a lot though . 
  i mean imagine if we decided to start pulling out babys fingernails so the delicate skin under there hardens up and the baby will never have to suffer the pain of hangnails and it will also make fingering girls all the more clean / s, 
  last i checked they were blocking the roads not the rails . 
  assuming your logic checks out the french and british state should look for compensation from eurotunnel every time a train goes on fire and hurts their economies, 
  no becasue the source is citing a `` request '' from eurotunnel , if they were entitled to compensation i 'd imagine they would state under what grounds in their request . 
   well , rt is very unreliable and has so much spin it obstructs factual information . 
  and on that i would agree with you 100 % ... `` cant see the news for the spin ''  the difference is , bild , daily mail and fox news are not news outlets funded and ran by a nation state . 
  since the us is basically the corporate state i fail to see the difference here . 
  think about it there is little to no difference between the us state and the us supported corporate sector . 
  gm et cetera were all benefits of taxpayer funded bailouts and these are the same people who own the us media . 
  russia has a strong state owned enterprise sector and so state media is the main force there too . 
  in the us they have a strong state backed corporate sector and these same corporates own much of the shadier media there as well . 
  in this day and age there is no public anything in the us apart from maybe schools and a few library 's . 
  bild and the mail are in the same boat , puppets for their backers . 
   you link rt , a completely unreliable propaganda outlet . 
  i 'm always suspicious of people who preface their comments with something like this , so you do n't like russian spin , thats fine but you sound like a propagandist yourself when you literally repeat it as if john kerry told you to warn people . 
  well states should really be making sure they do n't get themselves legally contracted to refund losses of private business . 
  i have a feeling however if they were obliged to pay some sort of compensation the article would be mentioning it, 
  why should eurotunell not look after it 's own security ? 
  it 's a private company that sets it 's own charges , if they ca n't cover cost of security then they should pass on the cost to customers , screw this idea of corporatist welfare . 
  if we had ttip ratified i 'd bet they would be suing becasue eu immigration policy is costing them money, 
  i 'd like to see how much taxes they are paying to the state , how much support they get from publicly funded police services and so on before i could say they are deserving of anything from the british or french governments, 
   if assange did not work for a russian propaganda network and the initial mole that stole all these information did not defect to russia . 
  it would also be great if we had a proper media in the west that did n't ignore these guys and treat them as if they are the enemy from the start . 
  snowden is in russia as it 's one of the few places he is safe from the long reach of the usa , if the media in ukraine ca n't even get that point across it sure is gone full ministry of truth, 
   someone said that the objective of austerity measures is to bring us to the level of india and china regarding the average worker . 
  oh and i believe you as well . 
  for sure the ultimate aim is to bring down half of europe and raise the other half to some median standard that 's worse than nearly all of us had before . 
  unfortunately i ca n't do much more than attend activist gatherings and be vocal on my views until more people wake up to whats going on, 
   according to a transcript of excerpts of the conversation that was published by wprost on its internet site , sikorski told rostowski : `` you know that the polish-us alliance is n't worth anything . '', 
   `` it is downright harmful , because it creates a false sense of security ... 
  we 'll get in conflict with the germans , russians and we 'll think that everything is super , because we gave the americans a blow job . 
   `` new european recession '' eh if russia defaults it will drag europe into recession like it did the first time . 
  at least it hit us in finland hard . 
  you do n't have to be pro-russia to see how europe only hurts when the us and russia go into cold war mode . 
   `` polish blowjob jokes '' http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jun/22/poland-foreign-minister-alliance-us-worthless, 
  each to their own , poland being attacked with or without us soldiers is ww3 whatever way you look at it . 
  same goes for finland , i 'd just rather not make ourselves a target by hosting missile sites before hand, 
  * yay * new european recession . 
  usa wins again . 
  anyone really wants that shit ? 
   i also find the fact that you mentioned `` blowjob jokes '' incredibly ironic , because ( in context ) they referred precisely to the american prolonged inability to deliver on their missile shield bases in poland promise . 
  wait , so poland actually * wanted * those missile shield bases there ? 
  now it would just seem you gave the us a bj for zero benefit , ( they fooled you like a less than intelligent lazy ) since iirc they will only take down missiles flying over poland , ones aimed straight at you ( or your us op 's site 's ) will zero in just fine . 
  congratulations you became a target ? 
  the funny thing is before the crisis ireland was just as expensive an economy as us . 
  then they made them all take pay cuts and cut everything in the economy , so while finland stayed the same they became more competative . 
  i guess the plan is every country just takes turns doing this until we are all germany . 
  : / fuck everything about this eurozone, 
   new cold war hellooooooooo, 
   the more russia is neutered , the better . 
  you obviously have no idea how cold wars or d\u00e9tente played out then . 
  the more the west masks how it 's indirectly uping the stakes with russia the more russia will counter their moves and be then presented as some hostile force and then where are you . 
  polandball on the front line with the us writing polish blowjob jokes on the sidelines, 
  you actually believed they stuck a missile ` defense ' shield in poland to protect against iran who does n't even have a weapon in theory . 
  xaxaxaxaxaxaxa this has always been about the us trying to neuter russia unless you are foolish enough to completely ignore the noises coming from russia on this topic like our media is training people to do . 
  i 'm telling you varoufakis and lagarde have a thing going on , i 've seen the way they talk and well lets face it that would be the perfect popcorn to add to this drama , talking fiscal stimulus between the bedsheets and making sure to bailout on time . 
  well that 's sorted that then so . 
  damm it 's so hard to keep up with this popcorn .
