  go back to libtard fantasy land plz, 
  there was a huge confuffle about it . 
  they lost it and only got it back when they pretty much swamped the irs in paperwork with every member of the church threatening to sue . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scientology_in_the_united_states#legal_status i know the us is pretty liberal about the definitions of what a religion is but scientology is pretty damm evil to let them get away with being evil and tax exempt . 
  the comments from israelis thinking it 's a norwegian conspiracy are almost as comical as the card itself . 
  ok , did n't know it was a removable offence . 
  good to know, 
  none because they would never come here in a million years but i trust american friends of mine when they say they are glad to get away from that, 
  well they gave them tax exempt status same as an actual church based on nothing more than blackmail . 
  that would be a start, 
  a tie a day keeps the corruption away, 
   strict labor laws and high minimum salaries backed by strong unions yep that 's definitely the problem with the nordic states alright / s, 
   if you judge a country by the beauty of their news anchors france wins hands down . 
  source ? 
  ok i 'll try and take your comment seriously since i know a good deal about the situation in ireland . 
  as opposed to what others have said about taking private property most these estates were bailed out by the government and owned by a government funded holding company nama . 
  the problem is this organisation got lumped with all the shitty non viable developments that were either half finished or in areas where there is no industury , jobs or demand for them . 
  the only way this could ever work is if immigrants were tasked with finishing half finished property 's themselves ( perhaps with state aid for materials and equipment ) this would create a positive feedback loop with immigrants been seen as useful in society and the fact they have some sort of meaningful work means they are less likely to become marginalized in society . 
  that 's not an angry reply but rather a progressive idea , now before anyone makes an angry reply saying `` butttttt that 's slavery '' this is how immigration for irish people seeking a new life in the us used to work . 
  yep , at least finnish state media is obligated to take a pro-immigration stance, 
  ha you think these people are going to settle for half finished houses with no amenity 's or cable tv in a one horse town where unemployment still persists and nobody wants them . 
  sounds like tabloid popcorn just like the time sweden moved immigrants into a small town in the north and they refused to get off the bus . 
   of the ~ 20 people in my immediate vicinity ( friends/coworkers/etc ) perhaps 1-2 are `` anti immigration '' / shut the borders types and the rest see it as a much more complex issue and are willing to give shelter to refugees i would say of those 20 people 1-2 are not afraid to air their views while the rest think it too controversial to float opinions that go against the humanitarian `` it 's our duty to help these people '' narrative , especially coworkers . 
  put simply it 's less socially toxic to remain silent as everyone would live to be perceived as a good person . 
  i suggest you get those people drunk and ask them `` if anything what fears do you have about this immigration ? '', 
  yes reddit represents mostly 20 - 35 year old upper to upper middle class males with a liberal democratic outlook . 
  as with most older demographics the rest of the population would be more conservative but at the same time more likely to go along with mainstream media politics and opinion . 
  i do n't know if this makes them look more or less kindly at the illegal immigration , men are more likely to take a negative stance on immigration but most working class men who would be even more opposed are likely not on reddit but at the same time upper income liberal minded females are not here in such numbers either . 
  all in all i 'd say it balances out though, 
  martyr culture, 
  yes germany has effectively removed the only barrier holding many `` refugees '' back . . the fact they may be unlucky enough to find refuge in a country with worse benefits than germany . 
  not happy with ruining manufacturing in every european nation they now want to remove the culture of each nation through mass immigration as well . 
  austerity aka : the lidl and aldi effect ... make everyone poor enough they can only afford to shop at german discount stores . 
  what are you talking about ireland and netherlands are showing lower numbers as well according to their data . 
   if the locals do n't have children anymore , then what do you do ? 
  not work them so hard , give that ten billion earmarked for extra refuges in relief for family 's . 
  you know it costs far more to support one immigrant than it does to support one child , for ( iirc 24k per year ) what it costs . 
  for that i could have a child and even employ a nanny to take care of it so do n't give me the bogus `` germans are n't having children '' argument , reality is they are not getting enough support to enable them to have children and that could be easily provided considering how much they can waste on trying to integrate these people, 
  wow , is hungary the only country taking affirmative action and doing something about this . 
  people give orban shit but he 's really handling this situation well . 
  for july it was 50k in one month source : http://i.imgur.com/ghrmogs.png i guess we can thank merkels kind words and welcome for the latest horde, 
  oh really , how about a good dose of facts then [ bear in mind these are monthly figures for arrivals in greece ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ghrmogs.png ) and yes you are to blame for encouraging them so you can keep them . 
  now the figures for this week blitz all these numbers no doubt thanks to the `` all syrians are welcome '' rhetoric source : https://www.iom.int/news/migrant-arrivals-greeces-lesvos-island-approach-10000-week, 
  haha that video is brilliant op and pretty spot on . 
  i think most of us like american people that said from my own token american friend in finland it 's pretty obvious the ones who move here are the reformed citizens as opposed to the `` hurr durr socialism '' ones that said when it comes to how their country carries out it 's business we think they are corrupt warmongers on a par with russia , no better , no worse just a different side of the shit stick which is why i 'm sure most of us do n't want to ally with them in nato . 
  1,196,000 per year at that rate then you can tack on the family 's to make it a good 1.5 million . 
  enjoy your future germany , you caused this you can deal with it . 
   my girlfriend stucked a whole day in budapest after her balkan-vacation . 
  perhaps you should change the wording as my mind read something totally different there . 
  the correct way to write that would be `` my girlfriend was stuck a whole day '', 
  well they are hardly going to thank people who bring arson and protests, 
  apart from the last bits he sounds like he a least knows whats up . 
  i heard he also kicked out a load of central bankers and is at least trying to take back control of money creation , now that would be an actual huge step forward for any country, 
   well . 
  taking in refugees reduces the trade surplus . 
  because it increases internal consumption . 
  does it mean you are paying workers more for the same job ... no chances are wages will decline again thanks to these amazing cheap workers you just imported at the expense of your society, 
  well of course they have , most of europe has been in recession or had zero growth for the past 8 years . 
  hell we are not even recovered to where our economy was in 2008, 
  trying to work out where this guy is from . 
  the funniest thing is i ca n't quite tell because he does have that gay slant to his accent but i 'll guess german . 
  * `` you will never speak with me againnnnn , i spoke with my mom , i spoke with my sister and i can fuck you !, 
  '' * yea you 're definitely gay mate, 
  so you do n't think when consumerism is the dominant ideology and media/advertising the priests and preachers of what you should have and be that when the poorest are denied access to the necessity 's of this ideology they wont react by taking them in protest . 
  to be honest i do n't condone it but i understand perfectly why it happened and why people stole things . 
  i 've literally seen rescue dogs better behaved, 
   word gets around that germany is the economic engine of europe , that workers are being sought here and that it 's a safe and orderly place . 
  if you speak to refugees , they sometimes talk about things that are , for us , so self-evident that we take them for granted . 
  one man said to me : `` we think it 's great that you have red lights and people stop when they see them . '', 
  our reputation abroad is much better than we think . 
  jesus , i can hear the sound of that man fapping to his own inflated sense of self from here . 
  how about you do something about the unemployment in europe and pay german workers more or reduce your trade surplus which is leaching money from the rest of europe and putting the rest of us through a lost decade, 
  do n't worry according to all the insane members of the eu they do n't even need passports to travel through borders anymore, 
  hmm i wonder why 85 % of people there would seemingly throw away their documentation ? 
  ( and do n't say they never had any , syria was a pretty prosperous nation before the war ) by doing so they basically make their own asylum case more difficult if i believe the rhetoric germany is putting out . 
  liberal as in gay rights , drug decriminalization liberal or * liberal ** as in laissez faire economics , globalization , race to the bottom corporatocracy type liberal ? 
  the latter is worse than a dictator in my view, 
   osama is dead . 
  found in pakistan after afghanistan war had pretty much run it 's course . 
   al-qaeda is crushed . 
  seems saudi arabia just put their money into isis instead , the brand is dead for sure but their mission is very much alive and now integrates social media for the 21st century jihadist . 
   the taliban are no longer in power and there is a democratic government in place . 
  * 1 september 2015 *  afghanistan is in dire crisis as the taliban battle a weak government , and peace talks with the militants are put on hold , writes guest columnist ahmed rashid . 
   the taliban have captured most of helmand province , including for several days a strategic district headquarters , musa qala . 
  they are growing stronger in the north and east holding more territory than ever before and mounting ferocious attacks in kabul in which some 100 people have been killed in the past few weeks . 
  source : missionaccomplished.jpeg ? 
  and http://www.bbc.com/news/world-asia-34107965  pray tell me , what should the us have done in the wake of 9/11 ? 
  ignore that it even happened ? 
  perhaps reflect on the fact this happened because of how you have treated that part of the world in the past , perhaps come to the conclusion violence met with more violence just leads to additional violence . 
  identify what aspects of american foreign policy irritate muslims in this region to the point they want to destroy you and work on changing those behaviors and policy 's . 
  now that 's not foolproof but it beats aimlessly blowing up men in caves imo, 
  you achieved nothing for a start , you could n't even wipe out the heroin, 
   ~ ~ the eu ~ ~ germany should pay for the migrants and refugees to fly to europe . 
  it would be more efficient and more humane . 
   ~ ~ europe ~ ~ germany has the means and the money . 
  get on it merkel . 
  if germans really wanted this wave of immigration i could actually imagine them saying that, 
  put yourself in the position of an isis member . 
  is it a more glorious martyrdom to suicide bomb yourself driving a truck load of explosives into a syrian army checkpoint or take out trainload/busload of european infidels on their home continent . 
  i 'd probably go with the latter,
