  in our case , the average wage doubled . 
  however , the prices are almost double since 2007 ... 
   belene yep , yet another nuclear reactor near our borders . 
  we would share only the risks like in kozlodui while we do n't have anything to gain . 
  who does n't ? 
   * off topic , it just blew my mind how similar sicilian is to romanian . 
  confirmed !, 
  i almost have 6 weeks plus national holidays . 
  not everybody has that , i just wanted to brag . 
  he also has experience in upper management . 
  one more turk in germany does n't matter . 
   work ethic that is not quite up to par care to give a few examples ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
  it 's a difference between a poll and a referendum . 
  for example , it 's easier to answer a question to a poll over the phone than going to vote - in the case of brexit , a lot of young people did n't vote . 
  not since 11 years ago . 
   to be fair , even now a lot a people still say 50.000 lei instead of 5lei . 
  4.5 lei for an euro . 
  suck it , attila / s, 
  sure , but nosferatu also sounds like a romanian name . 
  ca n't private companies build those new apartment blocks on their own without the help of the state/city ? 
  i was talking about private investors building the apartment blocks and selling the apartments/houses so they do n't care about politics . 
  dublin is still a small city as a population compared to bucharest ( 4 times the population and double the area ) . 
  is there some kind of regulations that prevent private investors to actually build apartment complexes or houses ? 
  i do n't get it , why ca n't they just build new apartment blocks ? 
  the remand is clearly there and the profits will be huge . 
  the great romanian invasion of 2014 caused a lot of damages . 
  they simply do n't want to get thru another ordeal like that . 
  amen , brotha !, 
  to gain a few votes and power . 
  they didnt intended to win . 
   then why push for the brexit in the first place ? 
  to further his political career . 
  if the leavers lost , he would 've had a huge political power . 
  the alternative is worse , imho . 
  after all , it 's only an advisory referendum . 
  oh come on , not everybody thinks eu should punish uk . 
  but once the article 50 is used , you wont have that many options . 
  until now , you 've played the leave referendum card . 
  if the referendum will be ignored , it 's a political suicide , if the article 50 is triggered , your economy will suffer and without an agreement in 2 years things will get worse a lot for you . 
  what i 'm trying to say is that what deal eu offers ( since it 's the bigger player here ) might be seen by brits as a punishment . 
  of course you have the right to leave the union . 
  however , do n't expect the get a better deal or special treatment just because it was an eu member . 
  in practice , not every time deals are win-win situations and eu should n't care about uk , after all business is business . 
  the thing is currently uk has a lot of opt-outs , things that other countries do n't have and probably wo n't keep them during negotiations and will have the impression that it 's punished . 
   why ? 
  why complain about the polish ? 
  they 're fucking great !, 
  i do n't think they have a problem with polish , i think their issue is with us , bulgarians and refugees . 
  does he have a chance ? 
  as an outsider that does n't know too much about him , it seems that he 's a populist moron that nobody takes him serious . 
   pots the romanian word is `` po\u021bi '' - ` can ' in english  entendre some how it reminds me of `` intelege '' , `` understand '' . 
   altres we have `` alte '' , which means `` other '' . 
   escrites reminds me of `` scris '' , `` to write '' . 
  and how much of that it 's taxes collected from wales ? 
   slonina we have that too , it 's called slanina here : https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/sl%c4%83nin%c4%83  \u00cen mod tradi\u021bional , \u00een rusia , \u00een ucraina \u0219i \u00een polonia, 
  it supposed to be beef but it was horse meat . 
  ^ hihihi , ^ we ^ sold ^ you ^ horse ^ meat . 
  aaaand of course , castle , vampires and werewolfs ... why it 's always vampires , why ? 
  it 's that bread and salt ? 
  we have that stupid custom too . 
   i personally think we should have built it . 
  sure , does n't matter the fact that it might affect the romanians if an accident occurs . 
  does n't matter that your other nuclear plant is extremely close to a major romanian city and a lot of villages . 
  fyi , i would personally be affected if something happens at kozlodui . 
  do n't you have some debts to pay back ? 
  i think it 's 5 . 
  at least that 's how long it took [ clotilde armand ] ( https://ro.wikipedia.org/wiki/clotilde_armand ) to obtain it . 
  she also said in an interview that she had to take a test . 
   please veto us and it would be funny as sh * t if a eastern european country does it . 
  do people in scandinavia that are barely able to read or write usually make more than minimum wage ? 
  or a miss , if you know what i mean ... 
  i do n't think it 's about conditions imposed by eu . 
  because of bureaucracy combined with a lack of knowledge , a lot of these funds are lost . 
  for example , romania has the lowest absorption rates within eu . 
  normal people do n't know or do n't want the bureaucratic hassle that comes with eu funds . 
  from what i heard , it 's also a bit complicated to access them because you 'll need the money before making the investments , you 'll receive the funds after a few years . 
  as for public institutions , they are incompetent especially in the country side where these funds could improve a lot the quality of life and economy . 
  furthermore , it 's also about corruption - there 's no reason to access the eu funds when you can easily steal from the local budget . 
  they do n't have any incentive to use them since they wo n't make any money . 
  what would help , especially the private sector , is some kind of exchange programs for entrepreneurs with people from other countries that have actually managed to get and thrive using the funds . 
  savages , i tell you , savages !, 
  romanian and bulgarian absorption rates at it 's best . 
  that 's why my next car will be electric . 
  fortunately , tesla proved that there 's a big market - only from the pre-sales it 's about 10 bln $ - and i 'm pretty sure big car companies would want a piece from that . 
  this way , they would invest more in research - already the battery prices are dropping . 
  how does eu affect british immigration policy for non-eu countries ? 
  there 's is n't a eu country with a muslim majority . 
  also , from what i remember , you guys have an except for the refugee quota and stuff like this . 
  i 'm genuinely curious , i 'm not attacking you . 
   this is ridiculous , i doubt someone in romania takes such a low wage . 
  i personally do n't agree with / u/source-direct but , to be fair , 1.5 eur x 8 hours x 22 days it 's 264 eur . 
  since last month , the minimum wage before taxes is 277eur ( 200 eur after taxes ) ; previously it was 220 eur before taxes . 
  keep in mind that 40 % of all romanian employees work for minimum wage ... 
  in '44 we changed sides , so basically were s.u. 
  allies . 
  the nazi 's killed millions of people for a few years . 
  these fucks did it for half a century !, 
  i 'm not saying it was us fault for what those sick soviets did . 
  i for one , blame only the russians , with or without that arrogant look towards ee .
