  but to be fair , i have n't research it because i do n't give a damn . 
   after being brainwashed so are the male fighters - fight for us and you 'll have 100 virgins if you die . 
  based on this , should we also say that the male terrorist are victims as well ? 
  or only the women can be victims ? 
  nobody forced them to join an terrorist organization , it is n't like the isis propaganda is about flower power and making the world a better place thru peace . 
  just because their participation in fights is limited it does n't mean they are victims . 
  an organization also needs people to cook , wash clothes or taking care of the next generation . 
  by doing this , in my eyes , they are no different than the morons that kill themselves . 
  it 's pretty hard to be in a team with the fuckhead that annexed a good part of your country . 
  for your information , we initially were neutral and later fought for both sides . 
  nope , the socialists ( psd ) is the biggest and corrupt party in ro . 
  they won due to low turnout and cheap slightly nationalistic propaganda . 
  also , a lot of their members have been convicted or investigated by dna ( e.g. 
  their current president was convicted for electoral fraud ) - and probably trying to convince that dna should be stopped . 
  so yeah , in a few years , there would n't be any difference between ro and bg regarding the fight against corruption . 
   egyptian pfiu , dodged a bullet on this one ... 
  our currency is made from plastic , so really not that important . 
   this logic will be used against us in the future . 
  i do n't expect the government to pay my pension even if my contribution is 2-3 times higher than average contributions . 
  that 's why i 'll live off my savings when i 'll retire . 
  victims or not , right now they vote selfishly in the hope their pensions will be increased with a few eur ( no , it wo n't ) . 
  earlier today i saw a video on digi24 about few villagers that did n't knew for what they are voting and of course `` to increase our pensions '' . 
  the sad thing is that these people are so brainwashed that they vote the same people with the exact damn lies each time . 
   so what they should be punished today ? 
  nope , but their pensions should be in accordance with their contributions , considering that the working population is shrinking due to immigration and low birth rates . 
  this kind of pension system works only the population remains constant . 
  it 's kinda unfair to pay the pensions for baby boomers , especially when the working population is leaving the country . 
   btw softpedia is more enjoyable now without you as moderator i never was a mod on softpedia . 
  probably a username coincidence ? 
   look at them they want decent pensions boooo oh , give me a break . 
  they want free money from the state because they `` worked 40 years in a factory '' - faking working of course , because during communist times no matter how moron or lazy you were , you would n't be fired . 
  did they ever had decent salaries and contributions in order to have now decent pensions ? 
  should i remind you that we had oranges and bananas only on christmas ? 
  do you have any idea what their purchasing power was back then ? 
  with their taxes , i 've learned on 30 years old school benches and ripped apart textbooks . 
  nope , the soros crap propaganda is at full force right now in ro . 
  psd learned how important online media is and funded a lot of trolls , fake news sites , etc. 
  simply put , psd is a cancer . 
  a party led by corrupt neo-communist relics that is in parliament because they bribe their way in with votes from the retirees or poor rural area people . 
  imho , i think this year the propaganda is even worse than the presidential one from 2014 . 
   they 'd have to massively increase teacher salaries just increasing their salaries does n't solve the quality of education . 
  it would just increase the salaries of the incompetent who currently teach . 
  it is n't like those people are bad teachers because they have low salaries ; but if they have 30 % salary increase they would n't be incompetent . 
  as long as that company exist or is not bankrupt . 
  guarantees does n't exist in my world . 
  i do n't live in bucharest , but i assume it 's around 300-350 euros . 
  haha , we have something similiar but with dacians . 
   our rooms are sparse , no tv !, 
  and how much they payed for those rooms ? 
  is he gaining popularity lately ? 
  i 'm asking because personally he 's the only dutch politician i 've heard of . 
  also , is it just me or geert wilders really looks like an austin powers villain ? 
   had too many money so instead of helping the needy , he built a hugeass jesus statue . 
  the us has statue of liberty , polan has eastern euro jesus king statue . 
  that 's messed up even for eastern euro standards . 
  is that ... 
  is that slovenian ? 
  the written words look swedishy or some kind of scandinavian language . 
  and let 's not fourget the pronountiation of `` r '' and `` j '' ... jes , jou know j 'm ghright . 
  it 's not , venus is almost as big as earth . 
   they are lucky we cant bomb with what , high caloric food ? 
   ask any bulgarian , romanian or lithuanian if apartments in and around cities has become more affordable recently , just because total population of the country lost 10 % . 
  nope , the apartment prices have risen in my city with around 20 % in the last year . 
  so yeah ... 
   why do these women still have to wear that shit even when they are in europe a lot of factors : 1 ) peer pressure 2 ) your entire life you saw other women wearing it so it 's normal . 
  3 ) if you do n't wear it your entire community ( including family ) will avoid you and you will be alone . 
  4 ) seeing it as something normal and nothing oppressive . 
  the operating costs are also smaller since the rent/utilities/employees are a lot cheaper . 
  abduleanu sounds even better . 
  so your solution is to stop making children in order for other undeveloped countries to have more ? 
  where do you think those uneducated people with huge cultural differences will immigrate when they 'll afford the trip ? 
  the only solution is for them is to stop reproducing like rabbits because it 's not sustainable and for us to at least have a replacement level of birthrate . 
  goverment, 
  because people are morons dont bother to vote . 
  the turnout was 39 % . 
  that was psd 's campaign strategy : low vote turnout since their voting base are very loyal . 
  so they stayed low the whole campaign in order to not bother the public . 
  we 've already started that . 
  first victim is hungary . 
  because rds , a romanian telco founded by a hungarian ethnic , major companies like telekom and orange had to increase their speeds and reduce their prices similar to the plans offered by rds . 
  moreover , rds entered mobile market with the same tactics just a few years ago . 
  in a few years we 'll probably have unlimited 4g for 4-5 euro/month . 
  yep, 
  uhmm . . it costs 9 euro a month ... 
  up to 500 mbps . 
  guess who 's parents got unlimited 1gbps fiber in rural romania a few months ago . 
  to be honest , i have n't eaten at mcd in a year . 
  but from what i remember , the burgers are very small . 
  in order to get full you have to buy a few burgers . 
  last time i think i spent around 10 $ . 
  well , germany is a bit more expensive than romania . 
  however , m.d. 
  meal costs around 10 $ or more here ( from what i remember ) . 
  with that money you could get a huge meal ( not fastfood ) at a decent normal restaurant . 
  if you 're broke , you could always buy a huge shaworma ( 700grams-800grams ) for around 3 $ from a local shop . 
  yet people still buy m.d. 
  products like crazy . 
  yep , last easter there were around 20 cars in line on the street outside of the restaurant 's drivethru for days and there were probably around 10-20 people waiting in line inside the restaurant . 
  i think it 's because the restaurant is the only one in the city ( ~ 300k people ) and has a central location . 
  the power of marketing indeed ( and stupidity ) , those people will buy everything they see on tv or movies no matter how bad or expensive it is .
