  as a kid , i thought you guys have a lot of oranges ( portocale ) . 
  dutch humor ? 
  and he 's right . 
  a lot of gypsies left to w.e. 
  in the last few years to make money in the `` usual '' way . 
  except for 2 neighborhoods ( even there are n't that many ) , i barely see a gypsy in my city . 
  was it hard for you to learn the language ? 
  it seems you are able to speak some romanian . 
   ` public calls and actions aimed to undermine the territorial integrity of russia . ', 
  wow , just ... wow . 
  < inappropriate-joke  this is how cities look like when people have jobs . 
   cigany and you wonder why the russians are so hated by the romanians . 
  go suck a lemon . 
  it 's time to plant some cauliflower then . 
  my family had a cabbage plantation and a few cauliflowers in our garden for us . 
  from what i remember , there is n't that much a difference between plantations . 
  the ruskies will be in deep sh % t when electrical cars will become popular in europe ( and they will ) , even in ee will be popular when a cheaper version will be available ( a dacia electric ? 
  pug you !, 
  you little pug . 
  yet we are the ones being called thieves ... jeez . 
  `` boy , we really ripped off the french one ... '', 
  says the turk . 
  do n't forget about sunglasses . 
  with this combination , you 'll pass all your exams . 
  they might be afraid that someone will attack or harass them if they do n't wear it . 
  besides religion , in this kind of communities , traditions have a major role in peoples lives . 
  for example , as a kid , i heard a lot of old grannies in the country side talkin ' smack about married women that did n't wear headscarfs ( behind their backs , ofc ) . 
  on an unrelated note , when i search `` granny '' on google images , most of the pics are porn . 
  wtf , am i missing something ? 
  june xx, 
  25 . . almost . 
  not a huge difference . 
  hmm ... hungarian girl ridding her bike . 
  well ... hello there , how old are you ? 
  waaaait a minute ... 
   async is available as module . 
  promises < 3 . 
  it 's not that bad , mate  yeah , but i do n't like promises , but async is awesome !, 
  btw , do you use some kind of orm/odm for db ? 
  i recently played with [ typeorm ] ( https://typeorm.github.io/ ) made by some guy from a country i ca n't pronounce . 
  i really liked having something like [ this ] ( https://typeorm.github.io/index.html#example-async-await ) because it reminded me of doctrine orm , too bad it 's not that mature and has some bugs ... 
  nodejs is not a framework , it 's a runtime based on v8 that allows to execute js on the back-end . 
  i personally hate it because : - is single threaded . 
  so if a client breaks something , other clients will be affected as well . 
  sure , promises and especially async ( not available directly in the current version of node , as far as i know ) . 
  - the libraries/frameworks appear and disappear very quickly . 
  not to mention their maturity . 
  however , in combination with typescript , it becomes a bit humane to work with . 
  personally , i would use nodejs only on specific scenarios where php ca n't do the job ( realtime , websockets , etc ) . 
  are n't you already a bit orangey ? 
  is the gesture what counts . 
  these people went to protest in solidarity even though they are n't affected by the assholes in charge in ro . 
  3 million people voted for their party 2 months ago , most for whom are elderly . 
  how in the hell are they gon na bring 1 mil ( 33 % of them ) is beyond me ... 
  it was just bullshit , in order to somehow intimidate the protesters because they were scared will be extremely huge than the other day . 
  sure , were 170k people in bucharest this night , but i thought it will be much more . 
  i agree , imagine what they will do in the next 4 years when they did this just after one month . 
  [ it was not me boss ] ( https://youtu.be/jotp2ibwbek?t=1m54s ), 
   also we have the fastest internet in the world bitch , say what ? 
  and guess what , a part of the money the stole come from your danish wallet . 
  no , eu sanctions affect only the normal people . 
  this is why i think eu should have more control mechanisms , because the local scums are in for a quick buck and because they fucking invested something in this hellhole . 
  my opinion was that they gave up because the next year was an election year and they preferred to play the opposition card in order to win the elections . 
  but the metadata from that word file knows better . 
  not for emergency bills . 
  the fuckhead iordache said fucking yesterday that part of it will be voted in the parliament . 
  like always half of those 40 % voted with their stomachs . 
  nothing change since the '90s mentality wise . 
  sanctions supported by the average ion , not the scums like florin iordache or liviu dragnea ( lowercase on purpose ) . 
  do you remember all those corrupt politicians indicted and sent to prison ? 
  guess what , now they are free . 
  this is bad , those peaceful protests from the last days wo n't be that peaceful anymore ... 
  different continent . 
   mount scenery in the caribbean netherlands ... 
  so not really in euro netherlands . 
  we 've colonized italy , spain and hungary . 
  the holy romanian empire is becoming a reality at last ... 
  for some reason it reminds me of this [ scene ] ( https://youtu.be/iur1jejyx7y?t=1m27s ) . 
  what 's with ** the ** netherlands ? 
  imo , [ you should drop the ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pegk2v6knty ) . 
   pre brexit brexit has n't happened yet , so it 's not bullshit to think that their economy will suffer greatly by it . 
  even when the article will be triggered , there would be another 2 years in which uk will be part of eu . 
  maybe not hate , but jealous . 
  i mean , have you seen how good they look compared to men ? 
  ask the french how well that went ... 
  how do you know about the `` nazi '' retarded remark made by some alde romania vicepresident ? 
  yeah , but they are n't called `` ppola '' ... 
  old people , uneducated , welfare abusers , etc. 
  they won because of the low election turnout , the biggest voter category was of people over 60 years old . 
  currently the liberals ( pnl ) do n't have a strong leadership and their campaign was weak . 
  furthermore , a lot of people stopped supporting them after the party fusioned with pdl ( former ro president 's party ) . 
  germans are extremely well seen in ro ; most romanians have this kind of weird admiration for you guys . 
  in the presidential campaign from 2014 his opponent tried to use the nationalist card as an attack against him but backfired . 
  however , there are some brainwashed old morons that consider him a puppet of w. europe , but they are a extremely small minority ( imho ) . 
  they were n't politically active when it really counted : during our elections from a few months ago . 
  maybe , but your former leaders were for sure . 
  they tried to alter human behavior at large scale for hundreds of millions of people for several generations thru oppression , propaganda and force . 
  that shit is disgusting . 
  not only that , but your population still considers them heroes ... 
   being chained to stoves that was the bbc video , i have n't heard that women are really chained to stoves .
