if kadyrov rise to federal-level power after putin 's death , it would be massive pogroms of chechens in all major russian towns , since in a vacuum of power and in absence of rulings from moscow , russian police and army would most likely side with their kin ( russians ) and go against chechens . 
  chechens have firearms and way better organised , but russians has superior numbers , so chechens would be , sooner or later , owerwhelmed and pushed back to caucasus , with lots of bloodshed on both sides . 
  kadyrov know that so he will never go for president of russia himself . 
  he can back someone from current powerhouse though , this is much likely . 
  no way , every of those can be but not medvedev . 
  he is considered in russia as a leader of a `` moderate faction '' in kremlin . 
  he might have been a good alternative before war in ukraine and sanctions , but now he will not be accepted by majority of russians , not with the current extreme level of anti-western propagada and russia 's state general agenda . 
  example ? 
  well , all of them disappear on preventive stage . 
  tzargrad ) was considered as a target for russian conquest since ancient times and was a main holy town for orthodoxy . 
  because it now is occupied by infidels ( muslims ) , it would be only natural for putin to want to rule from tzargrad and not moscow . 
  send them to kazakhstan . 
  while in the west wwii is viewed as a great tradegy and a mistake of the past , in russia , they hone it as a greatest time in their country 's history , and an example for generations to come . 
  i had lived in russia for several years . 
  its really looked like wwii-worshipping and paramilitary cult is the only national idea that keeps russia together . 
  and it is only worsen now as far as i can see . 
  well , imagine if he was not arab muslim , but a white male christian . 
  how will you and your friends flood reddit and the whole internet with hate and pro-refugee chanting if that was the case . 
  but muslim ? 
  hate jews ? 
  well , at least he is muslim , so maybe its just their tradition , we must respect it . 
  what a shame to see reactions like this, 
  why would they ? 
  putin need donbass as an internal policy tool , `` brave people who suffer for the russian world '' . 
  when it is about senging the rebels loads of ak 's , old soviet tanks and rocket systems , russia is eager to help `` opressed russians '' . 
  when it comes to rebuilding/aid and stuff , it is like `` we respect the soverighnity of ukraine '' , `` none of our concern '' - pathetic hypocrites ruskies . 
  the point is , kiev revolution was an internal business of ukraine , and none of your russian concern . 
  war in donbass would never happened if not been incited by russian agents . 
  i 've been working on a several projects in donetsk back in 2011 , before war , an im pretty sure that people here are very passive , like most of the ex-ussr nation , and would have calmed after a few days of unrest . 
  but instead you started an anti-ukrainian campaign in mass media , and supported rebels ( who were just an unruly mob back then ) with mercenaries , heavy weapons , tanks and artillery . 
  who are you trying to fool ? 
  donbass was pretty nice place too , before russian barbarians came . 
  this is the problem . 
  most people in the west fail to understand that different branches of islam may be very hostile and controversial towards each other , much more than catholics , protestants and orthodox have ever_been_in history !, 
  nato is a cold war leftover . 
  back then warshaw pact and nato was both ready to start wwiii , if given order . 
  now it is different - nato now is not ready to fight back , while russia has rebuilt its power and not only ready , but willing to test it . 
  so it maybe for the better for ukraine to not join the obivous losing side in possible war, 
  so much for `` freedom of speech '' . 
  donbass , more likely . 
  thousands of volunteer soldiers were incapatiated in past 2 years . 
  hundreds of them got help from western rehabilitations centers and charity funds . 
  no wonder ukraine doing great at paralympics . 
  russia need wars to keep putin 's support among the population high . 
  today 's russia is much like germany in 1930 's . 
  people want to return `` the glory '' of the soviet union/russian empire . 
  especialy the young ones , who never lived in the su or was little ( < 10 y.o. ), 
  before is has collapsed . 
  russia may seem stable now , but its economy is in deep shit in a long term , its a downfall nothing can stop . 
  so they always have a need for a foreign fascist-zionist menace . 
  when ukraine stop being the hot news , they may want to move somewhere else . 
  delusions of grandeur - is the only thing russia can benefit from properly now , with oil and gas prices deteriorating rapidly . 
  well , there are always people who are xenophobic bigots . 
  but if they attack ( or just post agressive things on the net ! ), 
  black or arab people , they will be condemned by the whole society , stalked by '' civil activists '' and jailed for many years . 
  nobody will ever take them for a decent job . 
  they 'll be done for the whole life , at the moment they offended a black/arab guy . 
  but poles/other eastern europeans ? 
  tts not racism . 
  its ok by society , by activists and by government . 
  they are filthy migrants . 
  and so all these bigots ire is being cast upon poles and other white non-native englanders . 
  no , its ok . russian are not as dumb as we think . 
  ukrainians was viewed by majority of russians as `` clumsy juniour brothers '' for hunderds of years . 
  and many of russian `` weekend warriors '' ( i mean , `` recently retired '' soldiers who are coming into eastern ukraine to fight fascists ) , being extremely brainwashed in russia about fascist menace/child executions/etc . 
  and when they arrive into actual donbass - they find themselves very confused - dpr/lrp uses every method that russian media claims is the way of `` ukrainian fascists '' , so people begin to question official russian propaganda . 
  and such throughts is a punishable to death or extreme ( physical ) humiliation offence in dpr/lrp , and also a massive backlash back in russia about `` collaborating with fascist '' , `` betrayer '' , `` deserter '' . 
  so , giving himself up to ukraine is the only safe option here . 
  orly ? 
  then wtf is this : https://ria.ru/ anyway , in russia if something big and public is private-owned , it does n't mean that it is n't de-facto controlled by the government . 
  russia is an oligarchy , fyi . 
  war is peace . 
  ignorance is tolerance . 
  freedom is slavery . 
  this is not only uk 's problem , this is just an informaton age analogue of old roman maxim `` divide them , rule them '' - nowadays its like `` confuse them , rule them '' . 
  when nobody knows whats right and whats wrong , where is lies and where is truth , common modern people , despite having internet and lots more possibilities to extract information than common people of , e.g. 
  19th century , this confusion tactics puts modern people to the same level on consciouness , on which they was in earlier centuries - when most of them were illiterate , dumb labor farmers . 
  this is being taught at every advanced school of politics/business administration , so may for sure knows it . 
  well , they were beaten by local activists later with police watching in silent approval . 
  killing ? 
  nothing of impossible , too, 
  look like the only way to actually remove them from our countires, 
  well we have a great example of this - south africa . 
  future of europe . 
  it will be very soon . 
  good morning sir , welcome to our glorious european union in 2016 !, 
  yellow crescent will be good , too, 
  we need to move them to nauru , as fellow australians already did . 
  our governments are too afraid of how would russia react on this . 
  currently the military/fsb establishment in russia is being balanced by corrupt oligarch and bureaucrat elites , with property across the globe , children living in the us/eu , and so on . 
  if we ban them on swift , enforce full embargo and initiate money laundry investigations against their european/american assets , they will lose their ground , yes . 
  but military/fsb establishment , who have most of their assets in russia , will be almost untouched by this measures , and balance of power in russia will be broken . 
  would russia start wwiii after this ? 
  i doubt it . 
  but it will become much more aggressive , thats for sure . 
  no it is not . 
  these people , being persecuted , beaten by police and stuff , but they still believe in putin , the great tsar in moscow , surrounded by vile boyars , and that they need only to reach him , to inform him - and then he will correct all wrongs !, 
  this is true not only for farmers , but for most of the russian people . 
  and not only russian - slavic in general . 
  russians - got ta catch 'em all !,
