  may , on the other hand , wants to talk about a free trade agreement right away and only at the very end about the costs of divorce . 
  she painted brexit in the rosy colours one knows from her speeches : a prosperous , open britain , tightly connected to the common market - all like it used to be , just without the pesky duties . 
  `` let us make brexit a success , '' she said to the group . 
  he has a different view , juncker countered . 
  yes , he wanted an orderly exit , no chaos . 
  and yes , he wants a good relationship to london . 
  but britain is going to be a third-country [ * drittstaat * ] for the european union , not even part of the customs union like turkey . 
  he believes that it will be worse off than before : `` brexit can not be a success . '', 
  may was surprised . 
  possible that nobody had told her that so clearly in a while now . 
  she defended her vision by pointing toward earlier experiences with european negotiations : one had done it like this when it was about protocol 36 - an agreement to mutual benefit that changed much on paper , but little in reality . 
  that 's when juncker 's people heard their inner sirens go off . 
  they had feared such a thing happening and now it did . 
  protocol 36 is an amendment to the lisbon treaty , the last great reform of the european treaties . 
  in it , all sorts of special arrangements are made , one concerning the british . 
  they had secured themselves an opt-out for the entire spheres of * home affairs and legal politics . 
  one could celebrate that at home for a victory for british sovereignity . 
  but in two thirds of the concerned legal acts , london chose immediately to join in - out of self-interest . 
  nobody made much noise about that . 
  that 's roughly how may envisioned the future relationship to the union : officially a hard cut , but when own interests were concerned , continuing with the eu . 
  juncker was now facing a choice : stay silent and risk promoting may 's illusions , or flatly contradict . 
  he chose the latter option . 
  `` the more i hear , the more skeptical i grow , '' said the cp . 
  dinner was half-way done . 
  the second half was n't better . 
  the topic of money was raised . 
  the eu foresees costs of 60-65 billion $ for london . 
  may argued that her country did n't owe the eu a penny , clearly the treaties do n't mention paying a bill for leaving . 
  her guests countered : london had entered legal payment requirements with each budget and medium-term finance plan . 
  the eu just is n't a golf club where you can enter and leave at leasure ( only losing * your investments ) . 
  the eu rather is a life-long union in the interest of peace , the parents had gotten children , they now had to face their responsibilities after their divorce . 
  brexit minister davis interjected that the eu had no way of enforcing its demands once london had left and was no longer subject to the ecj . 
  okay , said juncker , but then there would be little desire with the rest to enter free trade agreements . 
  even more , the entire leaving process would change . 
  according to the eu-treaty , only the governments and the european parliament had to agree to an exit deal - each with a majority . 
  but should the negotiations leave the other states picking up the bill for the british , every national parliament would have to be consulted . 
  after all , national mps decide what their governments send toward brussels . 
  and why would they jump in for london ? 
  berlin has publicly and privately said many times that it is n't prepared to do that . 
  * the last time the sherpas of the gov. 
  chiefs were discussing , the dutch representative also declared : his country would not pay a cent for that . 
  the guidelines that were passed on saturday leave little room for negotiation to barnier . 
  the dinner was over after 1 ^ 1/2 hours . 
  juncker 's tough farewell : `` i 'm leaving downing street ten times more skeptical than i was before . '', 
  it was to be a late wake-up call . 
  but as juncker did n't feel like it made a lasting impression , he sent a second wake-up call the next morning . 
  that 's where the federal chancellor came in . 
  you ca n't just ignore what angela merkel says in london - after all , berlin is viewed as the closest partner in the eu . 
  juncker and merkel were scheduled for a telephone call at 15:00 the day after the dinner . 
  the cp saw on morning tv that she would give a government statement to the european council before that . 
  it was shortly after 7 in the morning . 
  he called merkel 's cellphone and notified her of what had happened . 
  his message : theresa may lives in another galaxy , she 's full of illusions . 
  merkel quickly re-worked her statement . 
  1 ^ 1/2 hours later she stood at the speaker 's table in the * bundestag * . 
  she first spoke of turkey , then about the brexit guidelines . 
  all clear , three priorities : secure the rights of german citizens in the uk , avert damage to the eu , strengthen unity among the remaining 27 . 
  all the points that juncker had made the evening before , now re-appeared : first talk ab out the divorce , including the financial duties , then about the new relationship . 
  a third-country can not have the same rights as a member state . 
  then the new passage : `` dear colleagues , you might think that these are things that can be considered self-evident/obvious . 
  but i must speak clearly now as i fear that some in great britain are still indulging in illusions about these matters . 
  that , however , would be a waste of time . '', 
  some in great britain - none other was meant but theresa may . 
  the message did n't fail to make an impression , british media prominently talked about it , about merkel 's `` hardline brexit-speech . '', 
  may also immediately reacted - on a campaign rally where labour is still winning seats . 
  all had heard merkel 's words , she said . 
  `` there will be times when negotiations will be tough , '' may warned . 
  her domestic rivals - meaning labour - already tried to sabotage the talks . 
  `` and at the same the 27 states unite against us , '' she went on . 
  every vote for the conservatives , and for herself , would make her position at the table stronger . 
  theresa may against the rest of europe - that 's how the pm wants to campaign . 
  it 's a gamble , for herself and europe . 
  possible that she 'll have such a majority that she wo n't have to worry about the brexit-hardliners behind her back . 
  but what good is that if she buys that position through feeding the illusions of those hardliners ? 
  juncker left london with great worries . 
  his surroundings now put the possibilities of negotiations failing `` at about 50 % . '', 
  one still hopes that the brits will face the uncomfortable truths in time . 
  that at least the economy will pressure the government , as a chaotic brexit might put the country into an existential crisis . 
  voicing those concerns so openly is part of the strategy , sometimes the alarm clock must ring extreordinarily loudly in order to end deep slumber . 
  -- / u/riverlena , / u/so _ just , / u/allocater , and whoever else wants to read it . 
  i wo n't be able to until this evening , but i 'll get to it !, 
  translated about half of it , i may go back and do the rest later #the brexit dinner ** on wednesday evening , commisson president juncker visited pm may . 
  they had important things to discuss , but talked at cross purposes . 
  as juncker left he said : i 'm now ten times more skeptical than before . 
  ** jean-claude juncker has been through many tough negotiations . 
  he fought with alexis tsipras for months so that greece fulfil its duties . 
  and he fights with viktor orban over european solidarity since the start of the refugee crisis . 
  juncker is the type to , when heads smoke after such talks , slap the other party on their shoulder like a friend and say that one will find a solution eventually . 
  as the cp left the seat of the british pm on wednesday evening , he had another remarkable meeting behind him . 
  he was reveived warmly , things never got loud , but he was not in the mood for placating words . 
  juncker was deeply shocked and he did n't try to hide it . 
  `` i 'm leaving downing street ten times more skeptical than i was before , '' he told his host as a farewell . 
  ten times more skeptical than before - even juncker 's companions were baffled . 
  they 'd never heard such talk from their boss , not even in the toughest hours of which this presidency brought many . 
  naturally , they all flew to london with skepticism . 
  but still with some hope that the british government would slowly recognise the groundbreaking nature of brexit and the kind of monumental problems it would create . 
  the letter in which may had formally announced the exit at the end of march pointed towards it . 
  for the first time did she recognise that london would lose priviledges once it would not be part of the common market anymore . 
  and once the guidelines in the draft by the state and government leaders of this saturday became clear , she reacted moderately . 
  they were reasonable proposals , she said - despite her own visions going completely opposite .
