it does n't have to be good , just good enough . 
  this is something like what happened with mh17 . 
  it was intended for a russian audience so the photoshop job was pretty bad and the fake su-25 data just did n't relate to anything else . 
  a russian friend explained that it was to help those who believe to keep believing and they would drown out the rest . 
  however , carelessly doing such a job sends a message too . 
  those who are sympathetic in the west are likely to feel less so ( they have access to alternate news sources ) . 
  i see a lot of english documentation from offshore providers who are ukrainian or russian it specialists . 
  they can communicate , but they make these kind of mistakes . 
  there are also those who do perfect english too , but they tend to be professional translators , specialists . 
  what amuses me is that somebody faked this on the cheap . 
   please enclose rubles in next deceased drop . '', 
  who would ask for rubles , obviously a fake ... 
  it comes to higher levels of expectation . 
  when people grow up in a place where there is a very relaxed attitude to doing business `` properly '' then they tend to live with it . 
  if they got used to the advantages of doing things properly , they will press for change . 
  they are seeing problems with regards to diversification away from energy . 
  they do n't have such a major problem as somewhere like russia , it is just that with a relatively low population , many worked in the energy sector or related industries . 
  they have their own currency though which gives them flexibility . 
  why , it had a fairly long association with europe in the past ? 
  i once chased down a company doing an sms scam in germany . 
  they sold a service in germany ( that did n't work ) but had a uk limited . 
  they used an unrelated german company as a 3p payment handler ( money laundering ) . 
  the contact in germany did n't work so i checked on their head office - mailboxes etc address . 
  that entity was in turn owned by a panamanian company . 
  the owners of the company were not disclosed . 
  i turned obver the information that i found to both the finanzamt and the uk tax authorities . 
  it has an [ army ] ( https://www.hac.org.uk/home/ ) though . 
  they even have a couple of artillery pieces donated by the city . 
  turkey has in effect gone backwards under erdogan . 
  it is weird though beacuse under the influence of returning `` german '' turks , there has been a move for improvement . 
  better law courts , better standards and so on . 
  if turkey can undo that , they could be a closer prospect than ukraine ( 20-25 years ) . 
  its kind of weird . 
  militarily , it is definitely nato but from the policing viewpoint , it is still the eu . 
  there is still a lot of serious organised crime with russian links and the money laundering is covered by the eu banking regulators . 
   most likely ukraine will spend at least another decade on the outside my thought is that ukraine is probably too decades away . 
  however , many want the journey if not the end game . 
  direction eu means a drop in corruption . 
  it does n't stop , go to some of the eastern european countries like romania but it is seen to be a trigger for improvement . 
  if brexit happens , ironically , i see that as a trigger for norway tzo join as the uk was always a friend `` on the inside '' . 
  its a bit dated . 
  you would need a lot more than 50rb to get past the police now, 
  it seems that the integration classes should be for the second generation rather than the first . 
  i have seen similar where the immigrants were hard working but those born and brought up in the western country reacted badly against it . 
   i 'm dubious that equal rights for men or women would block a nation from developing ; certainly many countries that had rather unequal rights were considered developed in the past . 
  it comes down to statistics . 
  if 50 % of the people are blocked from advancement then it is likely that the country will run behind compared to others . 
  as an atheist , i would certainly be in their sights . 
  islam traditionally taught respect for `` people of the book '' , as in christians and jews and they lived together over an extended period of time in the middle east . 
  there were quite a few french foreign legion in country before the genocide working as military advisers . 
  at the time , there was also a conflict with irregulars operating on the southern ugandan border . 
  it should also be noted that stories of germany 's generosity are useful to those who wish to sell the `` horrors '' of a late night ride in barely seaworthy boat as well as those who wish to destabilize germany and the eu . 
  however , germany is a country these days of law and international agreements . 
  coming to the country does not entitle you to a house with payouts but the authorities will do their best to provide food and shelter . 
  if the swedes had raised the vasa 40 years later , they would have found a carefully placed nokia 3310 . 
  which once dried out , would probably have worked . 
  brackish , but not that much compared to the north sea . 
  the thing is that it was very last minute . 
  it is a large organization and needs significant lobbying both at the council and the parliament . 
  if cameron had been serious , this should have been a long term program over years . 
  the us went through their cycle a bit earlier and implemented preventative measures earlier . 
  they are already coming out . 
  the ecb did n't act fast enough so they are behind on the cycle . 
  it is quite expensive to move house here . 
  i have no doubt that like all statistics , that there has been some manipulation , for example the use of judicious rounding down . 
  the definition used is explained here :  methods and definition  eurostat produces harmonised unemployment rates for individual eu member states , the euro area and the eu . 
  these unemployment rates are based on the definition recommended by the international labour organisation ( ilo ) . 
  the measurement is based on a harmonised source , the european union labour force survey ( lfs ) . 
  based on the ilo definition , eurostat defines unemployed persons as persons aged 15 to 74 who : * are without work ; * are available to start work within the next two weeks ; * and have actively sought employment at some time during the previous four weeks . 
   the unemployment rate is the number of people unemployed as a percentage of the labour force . 
   the labour force is the total number of people employed plus unemployed . 
  in this news release unemployment rates are based on employment and unemployment data covering persons aged 15 to 74 . 
   the youth unemployment rate is the number of people aged 15 to 24 unemployed as a percentage of the labour force of the same age . 
  therefore , the youth unemployment rate should not be interpreted as the share of jobless people in the overall youth population . 
  source : methodology and per country split is explained [ here ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/documents/2995521/7197743/3-01032016-ap-en.pdf/d91b795a-f165-4a39-a961-1ae07d6c4b13 ) [ pdf warning ] . 
   add to this their racist motive of only selecting non-muslim girls . 
  most of these people have come from areas where women are protected by their family or the tribe . 
  white girls have no tribe and those who were targeted seemed to often have problems at home ( but not always ) . 
  what has happened in the past is that society has stepped in to protect such people whether through the police or social services . 
  where were they ? 
  it seems that the police and local government were infected with the kind of political correctness that we saw in germany . 
  we are not saying that all immigrants are bad , but some immigrants are bad and they should be investigated . 
  the government amongst others . 
  unfortunately . 
  when schroeder celebrated his birthday at the yusupov palace though there were [ comments ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-ukraine-crisis-germany-schroeder-idusbrea3s08620140429 ) . 
  except as spd retirement benefits . 
  a dog humping my leg begs to differ ... 
  i would really would like to say `` no '' . 
  regrettably , automation will not replace many jobs for a long time . 
  for example , rubbish collection . 
  not the nicest job and requires too much dexterity and situation awareness for a robot . 
  germans do n't seem to want to do it , so immigrant labor . 
  good point and a comparatively small border but they are coming over the sea to greece and italy . 
  effectively , you would need to fence off southern europe . 
  due to poor economics . 
  oversized military costs were one of the main problems . 
  massive costs to implement . 
  massive costs to control . 
  the ddr fell due to economics . 
   the only country with a closed outer border is hungary and its working perfectly well .
