  i do n't really know more than a handful of people who believed any of it . 
  you and me both . 
   my granddad fled germany to the uk before wwii , and this sounds like a light version of old family stories . 
  :-( you probably still have a right to citizenship . 
  it would be the height of irony for the descendants of those who fled nazi persecution to reapply for german citizenship . 
  many of those include scientists and artists and that would be shock if you all left or showed signs of doing so . 
  it still amuses me that one of the british leave campaigns accidently used photos of a raf squadron from ww2 piloted by poles and many stayed on in the uk after the war . 
  the uk is traditionally a maritime nation . 
  there have been `` bloody foreigners '' there for hundreds of years and the country did very well out of them . 
  since the sixties , the numbers have increased ( particularly non-whites ) but so has global trade . 
  non-eu full time employees will have a progression through various residence/work permits ending up with indefinite leave to remain . 
  the problem comes down to the nature of academic research which is invariably organized as short term contracts . 
  often there is a gap between contracts . 
  a non-eu/eea person would normally have to leave when their contract expires . 
  arm is a special case . 
  they do not sell a product or even a service . 
  they sell intellectual property which is an interesting area as normal tariffs do not apply . 
  the eu science program ( erc ) requires a subscription . 
  part of the 350 million that the brexiters do not want to pay . 
  it also requires visa agreements . 
  the leavers promised the same 350 mill ( the number is itself a lie ) to go to regional grants , to go to the nhs , to compensate businesses hit by brexit as well as to be returned to the tax payer . 
  ah , kebab inflation !, 
  it also depends a lot on your economy . 
  if you take something locally sourced and sell it internationally , it is great as your costs are local but your income in a foreign currency . 
  if you mostly import things and add a bit of value then the gains are only on the input you do , and the offshore input soars in cost . 
  over time , people will get used to it . 
  generally , what nobody except currency speculators like is an unstable currency . 
  you ca n't plan with it and it is a major pita . 
  ah yes , the limited territorial validity visa ( ltv ) , i thought that was primarily around special cases such as refugees ? 
  of course with practically no land border controls , unless you are checked , it is easy to bypass . 
  the only usual restriction is that the first port of entry to `` open the visa '' must be in the issuer but afterwards you are free to travel where you wish or even enter by another country for the validity of the visa . 
  the ihk ( chamber of commerce ) regards the whole rhein-main area as a unit which is also why the public transport works well on a regional basis ( rmv ) . 
  ludwigshafen and heidelberg might be pushing it ( edge of commuting range but fine for business visits ) . 
  if you take wiesbaden , hanau , giessen and darmstadt as local boundaries , it is a big area with about 5million people and a lot of green space . 
  can confirm , can see a taxi outside an ibm frankfurt office advertising a brothel . 
  downtown - no . 
  frankfurt has the advantage of being small but surrounded by cheaper suburbs . 
  even the b\u00f6rse is mostly out in eschborn . 
  berlin prices have been climbing of late . 
  otherwise there is a time limit unless you have the right visa . 
  if you are visa'ed for one schengen country , you can visit them all but only schengen . 
  a different show though . 
  i would call it more `` strategic '' whilst with `` the thick of it '' , everything is tactical . 
  there is no time to plan for the future as chaos descends . 
  personally , i loved both shows . 
  i still would love for malcolm tucker to use his best `` unparliamentary language '' with those guys ( and possibly cameron too for being such a half-wit calling the referendum when it was still very much open ) . 
  they started cooperation with france , the uk and germany . 
  there will be full cooperation across the eu from 2017 . 
  i agree , it would be a shame if they were embargoed now . 
  the swiss still have something ( stability ) to offer in these troubled times . 
  reality is the back stabbing of the original house of cards plus the chaos and bickering of the thick of it !, 
  i ca n't see your web site before a popover asks me to subscribe !, 
  in any case , as a us company , it may not be up to date on european matters . 
  according to [ this site ] ( http://www.efta.int/media/publications/fact-sheets/eea-factsheets/goodsfactsheet.pdf ) , it says :  the eea agreement prohibits tariffs on trade between the contracting parties . 
  therefore , all products , except certain fish and agricultural products , may be traded free of tariffs within the eea . 
  in order for a product to obtain preferential treatment under the eea agreement , it has to originate in the eea . 
  note that switzerland is explicitly included in the eea for the purpose of trade ( details in the above pdf ) . 
   really switzerland has no point in complaining , its just the old `` dey took arrrr jeeewbs '' right wing populist bullshit . 
  which is funny , because particularly in geneva , the swiss do n't like to do manual labor , so street cleaners , rubbish collectors and road workers will tend to be french . 
   i 'm personally surprised why is switzerland in demand by eu citizens . 
  it has some specific tax advantages . 
  corporate taxes are lower , especially for trading companies and income tax too although the latter , not by a whole lot when you consider the extra costs . 
  in my understanding , there is no tariff as such for most items . 
  however , there is still vat ( except at airport duty-frees and some special areas like samnaun ) . 
  you get the vat back on export but then pay the importing country 's vat . 
  is n't that happening by jan next year ? 
  if an eu resident has a bank account in switzerland , their home tax authority will receive the details of the account . 
  banking secrecy for individuals has effectively died . 
  i think the problem is that high level politics on both sides of the british parliament has descended into shit throwing with elements even spreading to the european parliament ( that incident with farage today ) . 
  i think backing down would be really hard for anyone even if many are having regrets about the referendum . 
  i understand chancellor merkel 's position but my own preference is for a preliminary negotiation , hard terms to be agreed and then presented to the public something like : 1 . 
  do want a trade agreement ( with immigration ) eea style 2 . 
  do you not want an agreement 3 . 
  do you want to not invoke art 50 and continue in the eu ? 
  with a note that if there is not a complete majority for either of the first two , then the third will prevail . 
  in effect a second referendum by the back foor . 
  you may prefer to salute bojo and friends , they are the populists blaming their inadequacies on immigrants . 
  the uk has already ritually disemboweled itself . 
  the head comes off in time for the conservative party conference so an appropriate metaphor . 
  mission accomplished : hodgson exits before cameron . 
  de gaulle did n't like this and sought to keep the uk out of the early coal and steel agreement on which the eu was based as he felt that as the ww2 victor , they may be too dominant . 
  not without [ boris 's support ] ( http://blogs.spectator.co.uk/2016/04/has-boris-finally-realised-why-turkey-shouldnt-join-the-eu/ ) . 
   callaghan who was a labor pm destroyed by the labor movement of the time . 
  the scottish thing is a probable . 
  scotland was traditionally more pro eu ( if only as a play against london ) . 
  one of the reasons against scotland leaving the uk was that it would take time for it to be able to reenter the eu . 
  if the uk is leaving , i could certainly see scotland choosing another referendum . 
  there are many exit scenarios , none of which are predictable in advance . 
  the eu can not forbid its member states from doing business with the uk but they need to make a collective decision on the terms . 
  many of the more onerous regulations ( i.e. , banking ) are international anyway so the uk would be forced to comply anyway . 
  the single market is a fundamental piece of eu legislation . 
  if you want to exit the eu , you exit the single market , and then you can choose to try to negotiate other arrangements like switzerland/norway/etc . 
   however , nobody but the brits will suffer from it . 
  the problem is that the uncertainty whilst the details are sorted will cost investment . 
   but that the rest of europe wants the uk to be part of a common market just as much as the uk does . 
  nobody wants to give the uk a `` free ride '' though . 
  leaving will screw the eu up for a while , not just the uk and there is no other option as all alternatives require a period of negotiation . 
  `` house of cards '' , the british original version . 
  it was based on a serious british-belgian coproduction about an escape-line called , i believe [ the secret army ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/secret_army_ ( tv_series ) ) - however , it lasted much longer and can be said to be one of the first truly european comedies . 
  the uk would have to come back for some kind of deal .
