   a unilateral decision on uk 's side would have been a good move towards an amicable agreement in the end . 
  the uk chose not to . 
  the thing is that if the eu passport no longer gives a right to remain in the uk ( or perhaps to even enter ) , there needs to be an alternative system . 
  not implemented , but at least on the table ( and a plan/cost ) . 
  perhaps a residence card , perhaps just registration . 
  mr davies 's team could have come up with something and that would have made everyone more confident . 
  the uk has been very busy dictating . 
  i 'm afraid neither ms may nor her other clowns have much of sense to say as they are too busy protecting the conservative party . 
  the problems is that the uk 's mechanism for registering foreigners was never fit for purpose as evidenced by the delays and complications with those seeking naturalisation . 
  the uk has decided that an eu passport is not good enough for the uk by restricting migrants but has no viable replacement system nor the manpower for its implementation . 
   the eu will not exist in the same way it does now . 
  the eu 's precursor ( the eec ) existed for a long time without the uk , i guess it will continue to do so . 
  the [ right of free movement of labour goes back to 1968 ] ( http://www.secola.de/db/3_01/vo-1612-68-en.pdf ) [ pdf warning ] . 
  edit : corrected due to comment from / u/the _ frown_inverter, 
  however , a not so good government . 
  their economy remains somewhat stifled . 
  especially when it can barely shoot down a missile with a beacon on it saying `` shoot me '' . 
  having an enemy helps to prop up dodgy regimes everywhere . 
  you know damn well that such shields can barely defend against one missile on flight . 
  a modern mirv system with decoys as possessed by the major powers will go straight past it . 
  this is only viable for simple ballistic missiles as possessed by countries like iran . 
   get eaten by a bear . 
  he is australian , there are plenty more creative things there such as crocs and cassowaries . 
   the panama papers are now long forgotten and and were mostly ignored by law enforcement . 
  nope . 
  there have been investigations and the lawyers responsible have been placed on various `` reputational damage '' lists by the big banks . 
  this means not only do they not want the lawyers as clients but potentially any of their clients . 
   i 'm sure we can pull together a very competent group to send to brussels frankly , i 'll believe it when i see it , otherwise mr cameron would not have made the negotiating blunders that he did . 
  the british civil service has been heavily downscaled over the years and this is the real reason why the uk has done so poorly over international trade deals . 
  the germans ( and other eu countries ) continue to help their businesses by using their diplomatic and trade representation to build platforms to promote sales in countries such china and india . 
  the uk has not been able to do so . 
  not enough warm bodies to maintain parallel trade negotiations . 
  a trade negotiator normally needs about ten years to train up . 
  if the big-four promise you these skills , the question is `` from where '' as the people you need are typically civil servants with british nationality . 
  some british negotiators will come back from working for the eu , but some may want to `` go native '' and stay . 
   in terms of cost , there is vat to consider , but i do n't consider this a big obstacle . 
  if you are outside the eu but providing services into the eu , you will need an eu tax point , effectively a company with vat registration somewhere . 
  you would then have to use that for collection ( or not ) . 
  us companies have typically used ireland for routing goods and services into the eu . 
  the problem is that there will be no instant trade deal . 
  the eu does not move quickly and the uk is resource challenged as a negotiating partner . 
  so we default to wto and then hopefully are able to move up a notch after several years . 
  this will not be fun for companies with eu wide supply chains , thinking people like airbus and so on . 
  it depends because the air-time provider can see a foreign card roaming over a period of time . 
  they can complain to your sim 's provider . 
   it 's in the interest of the eu to have a strong trading partner in britain and vice versa . . you have no idea how trade and economics works do you ? 
  it is not in the interest of the eu to give any more preference to the uk as to any other trading partner . 
  so at best it will be like canada and at worst like the us . 
  what about vat though ? 
  x-border consulting services are considered zero rated but only when both sides provide a vat number . 
   in the interests of balance , i 've also had a uk poster stating that he 's exported and imported loads of stuff outside the single market and it only took a few hours ' work . 
  it depends . 
  the work depends upon the complexity of the invoice . 
  generally services are tariff free ( but there are other problems ) . 
  otherwise you have to track the duty status of different items on the invoice as well as to provide supporting eu paperwork ( reach etc ) and then often engage a customs agent to handle . 
  it is part of the whole minimising internal barriers to movement thing . 
  goes with things like being able to use sepa for regular cross border payments . 
  i kind of interpret as live and normally work in country a and visit country b no problem but i use a 's sim cards . 
  live in country a and work away during the week in country b , maybe i can choose a or b. i just ca n't arbitrarily choose country c because it is cheaper . 
  nope , they are manufactured falsehoods , a bit more sinister than lies . 
  nato has a use in that it reduces the amount of weapons slushing around europe . 
  i find that if there is to be defence , then an arrangement like nato to be preferable to having a lot of countries diverting resources to building up their military . 
  unfortunately the alliance is most definitely seen these days as an enemy again , mostly by guys who were functionaries in the cold war . 
  many in the kremlin were associated with organisations like the old kgb or the military . 
  perhaps an eu military would be better ? 
  unfortunately , even without militarisation , the eu is seen to be equal to nato in the eyes of russia since ukraine which they partially justified by claiming that the eu association agreement was a gateway to full nato membership . 
  this line of thought was also exemplified by dugin in his infamous `` foundations of geopolitics '' where he considered the eu dangerous and must be trimmed down . 
  i suspect there is more than one physical person behind that id , hence some of the inconsistencies . 
  the finns are a bit of an extreme example as they had those populations ( and i think you forgot the sami people ) and given low numbers , they did n't mingle much . 
  in many other places , though there seems to be quite a lot of intermingling over the years . 
  [ this gives ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/genetic_history_of_europe ) a nice background on the subject . 
   but considering the soviet union is still recent history and considering that they have n't exactly been good neighbours after the collapse than i ca n't really blame people from eastern europe/baltics etc for not particularly being russia 's biggest fans . 
  for a long time , up until putin when they felt `` entitled '' . 
  russia tried to improve . 
  some organised crime was exported but the government cooperated in various european initiatives and nato looked redundant . 
  russia is nominally a democracy . 
  to keep their position despite a failing economy , the kremlin has dialled up populism to the max hence this stupid `` rossya stronk ! '', 
  thing . 
  alternative worldviews are suppressed . 
  under such circumstances , i can see why russia 's neighbours are worried . 
  the kremlin could do something stupid just to make them appear strong as they did in georgia and ukraine . 
  not so much . 
  there has been too much intermarriage over the years . 
  even communities that tried to encourage homogeneity have become diluted . 
  this is what the eu does not want to do this time around !, 
  not just down to bad history , but it gets very expensive over the longer term unless you want to exploit the country . 
  and again , that neo-colonialism is unacceptable for some strange reason . 
  russia likes the alt-right ( as does / r/russia ) . 
  the fn has received questionable loans from russian banks . 
  you can forget that republican usa . 
  trump has already declared `` america first '' . 
  unless he gets a significant advantage , the uk will get the short end of that particular stick . 
  what good is it if there a few more pounds around is if they buy significantly less due to the rise in import prices . 
  unfortunately , this . 
   \u2022 in st petersburg , some of the year the sun never sets fully below the horizon technically this is incorrect . 
  you have to be on or north of the arctic circle for this to happen . 
  the sun does drop briefly beneath the horizon . 
  it goes from a light to a dark twilight , but it is never really dark and you can still certainly still read newspaper headlines by available light . 
   now that the uk is doing well , i would challenge that . 
  i still have some investments and a pension from when i worked in the uk .
