  they get wheeled out from time to time to give a contrarian view on tv but in reality are mostly side-lined . 
  the danger of these people is they see the world in terms of a zero sum game . 
  you can not fix your economy by destroying someone else 's , particularly through warfare . 
  well in finland , apparently it does n't help a whole lot , especially in the north . 
  i have been in the south , near helsinki in winter and can understand ( dark in the morning and dark in the evening ) . 
  in scotland and southern sweden though it does give some difference and it gives you some extra daylight later in the day . 
  what is hard though is when you have a country with dst next to a country without dst or with a totally different switch dates . 
  we still want dst - it is quite important as you get further north . 
  everyone should continue to shift on the same date as they do now . 
  switching france away from germany , not the best idea when you have a lot of cross border traffic . 
  farming collectives are the old soviet style cooperative farms . 
  most of which have now converted into farm management companies and in some cases , parcels have been sold off to families . 
  they usually want [ local ] ( http://kirovets-ptz.com/eng/catitem/30/kirovets_of_k-744r_series.html ) rather than foreign . 
  something from kirov plant may be less reliable , but it is dead easy to fix even thousands of km from spare parts ,, 
  i know what you are saying but swerving and possibly inflicting more casualties could also be a problem . 
  the problem is that a sudden change of direction can exceed the vehicles safety envelope , for example , flipping it and the frontal surveillance system will be less effective at extreme angles , that is the ai knows in detail what is ahead but less about what is at the peripheries until the vehicle is heading in that direction . 
  this `` blindness '' is intentional otherwise the ai would be tied up tracking pedestrians on the sidewalk . 
  most of the time , the ai would just `` avoid when possible '' . 
  most of the time , i would agree with / u/kenshu that the ai will do a better job than a human driver . 
  yes , it is easier to implement `` protect the driver '' as that means continuing in more or less the current direction with known hazards whilst shooting off to the side with not so well known hazards . 
  i believe this class of problem is given the name [ `` the trolley switch problem '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trolley_problem ) in us english where inaction may cause more deaths but action causes fewer , but still a death . 
  as a question of moral relativity , it is an interesting philosophical discussion but is now very important with the advent of automation . 
  there are some things such as rules of the road and operating regulations that should not be left to individual manufacturers . 
  of course the government talks to interested parties when setting the rules and regulations , but it should n't end up favouring one group over the others . 
  i am very biased . 
  i have lived and worked there . 
  family members were sent unwillingly to siberia . 
  we know stalin was not a nice person and thought that most people accepted that but we do find it worrying that he is being put back on the pedestal by some choosing the nationalist/populist path . 
  oh that definitely did n't help . 
  you probably wo n't be aware that even some senior germans opposed the invasion of czechoslovakia as they felt it would prematurely trigger a war . 
  both the french and the british had suffered as a result of ww1 and did n't feel keen to reenter hostilities and felt they had no democratic mandate to do so . 
  the rush to defend poland was more down to `` fool me twice '' when they realised appeasement did not work . 
  there was also the matter that neither the uk nor france were particularly ready at that time ( strictly speaking , neither were the germans , but they were already further ahead in some respects ) . 
  the reason that i bring up the importance of the molotov-ribbentrop pact was that german had to fix it so that it was only attacking on a single front . 
  a strategy that had worked fairly well before ( even if they ultimately lost ww1 , they did manage to reduce that to a single front through the transit given to lenin ) . 
  note to be fair , russia was also in no state for a war . 
  even if stalin had never fought himself in ww1 , he would have realised that his recently purged red army would have had some problems and they had material shortages . 
  at the same time , [ stalin is slowly being rehabilitated ] ( http://www.reuters.com/article/us-russia-stalin-idusbre9240o120130305 ) . 
  there are many more articles on this subject in recent times and whilst most will acknowledge that he was a strong leader , which helped progress in the ussr , he had many bad points , amongst them his settlement of his polish problem . 
  the problem is that now he is being slowly put back on a pedestal by many people . 
  it is genuinely debatable whether germany would have invaded poland without their treaty with russia . 
  germany has been averse to starting a war on two fronts even though , they had no long term interests in a peace with russia . 
  this was more a mutual pact of convenience . 
   noone sane in russia denies molotov -- ribbentrop pact i know russians who were educated in soviet times who did n't specialise in history who were very surprised when it was more widely discussed in post-soviet russia . 
  they were n't taught it in school , just that the nazis attacked . 
  it will also get you banned from / r/russia !, 
  the word from our fo is that the bank is considered `` in play '' by some hedge fund ( s ) . 
  they probably are looking to breakup the bank and sell off the pieces as happened with abn-amro . 
  ukraine paid treacherous soros educated russian soldiers to steal a missile launcher and missiles ? 
  it is n't so much of a problem if the skills are hard to relocate . 
  arm chip designers may not want to move to japan . 
  the problem is with lower skilled jobs . 
  a standard car plant does not need so many specialised skills and complete lines can be moved . 
  the highest skills remain fairly safe for the moment . 
  however , what about the rest ? 
  regrettably , that wo n't happen , will it . 
  wto rules and such . 
  if anything , the government wants to drop trade barriers with china . 
  the problem in the uk comes down to the lack of medium sized companies . 
  there are plenty of large companies , but what the uk lacks are those that are a bit smaller ( 100-500 employees ) that can chase the smaller jobs and take a long term view . 
  germany has its * mittelstand * , companies that have a narrow focus and will do specialised jobs like customising machine tools . 
  a lot depends on a highly skilled workforce and is resistant to automation so it ca n't be easily offshored . 
  germany is quite good at both cultivating ( apprenticeships ) and retaining these long term jobs . 
  it also far superior at making the jobs seem interesting for a bunch of kids . 
  the concept though depends on longer investment horizons , active support from the government , both federal and regional ( lander ) , and tax laws encouraging investment in capital equipment . 
  modern trawlers are fiendishly expensive . 
  the building skills still exist - a big trawler is not too different to many oil rig support ships . 
  it has been shown that other than in a few cases , companies generally would rather pay less . 
  there are some specific areas which require multiple interrelated skills that are not easily reproduced . 
  for example , china has issues producing good gas turbines and the `` but it was cheap '' is n't usually a good answer when an aeroengine fails . 
  yes , i can really imagine refloating all those retired trawlers that were hauled out of the water to rust these last years . 
  particularly the ones already scrapped . 
  and china will make it cheaper ... 
  fapsi was already closed down with the appropriate departments attached to the fsb and svr . 
  it certainly seems to be the case in the us and they love their litigation . 
   so ... ceos ... who try their damn hardest to evade taxes 110 % of the time ... are saying this is bad ... for people who would benefit from those taxes ?!, 
  with the way corporate governance laws are written , boards could be sued by shareholders for not taking advantage of every ** legal ** method for minimizing tax . 
  this is the problem . 
  add to that sweetheart deals by countries to attract inward investment and you have a broken system . 
  seriously as a public-private thing , how come the original data was n't in the public domain ? 
  but they can only take calls at night . 
  houses built a century or so ago that have lasted , were pretty solid . 
  modern houses built into the last twenty years use little energy . 
  it would be kind of interesting having a map comparing energy use with housing stock age . 
  come to the ruhr district or frankfurt - yes . 
  however , munich was hardly touched as it was too far for much of the war . 
  do you have any numbers on that ? 
  i 'm not talking it experts here ( although there are plenty of those ) , but rather semi-skilled people who have received some training . 
  it seems that the local competition are those who have very little real skills or motivation . 
  there are many construction jobs that require a minimal level of skill but even there a haphazard approach can lead to major problems . 
  in germany , you are only permitted to work officially in some trades if you are qualified ( the `` meisterbrief '' ) or work under the supervision of someone who is . 
  if the work requires constant arguments and rework to be done right , then i am not a happy customer . 
  there are good construction specialists but not enough so they end up with a massive work backlog . 
  you find others , they are n't any good . 
  i lived in the uk in the nineties for a while before the intake of foreign workers . 
  i and everyone i knew had plenty of stories about substandard workers and fly-by-night companies in the construction trade . 
  one issue is that unless you touched gas or electricity , there was very little quality control or certification . 
  i understand that this has improved considerably with the intake of east europeans with many working as subcontractors for small british companies . 
  however , nz did . 
  does it mean others are dumping their subsidised good there ?
