  however after the devaluation in 98 , things looked a lot better for a while . 
   remove nato from russian borders , one of the key goals of nato is to reduce militarization and more importantly to the countries concerned by sharing spending on the basis that this is for defense . 
   stop blocking any russian industrial project in europe as for industrial projects in europe , plenty have happened already . 
  however , as far as the eu is concerned , russia faces the same restrictions as other countries particularly with regards to unbundling . 
   the best case scenario for the west is russia 's disintegration in order to make it weak forever and share russian natural resources between world dominators . 
  nope . 
  those i know want a stable russia which can function as a partner . 
  countries at least do not want to exploit russia as that will blow up over the long term . 
  some companies have taken a shorter term view but most want russia for the longer-term . 
   easy . 
  i for one do not like imams , as reading any religious book is a subjective thing . 
  as with any book . 
  the difference is that i might be regarded as stupid for disbelieving `` origins of species '' but i would not be physically threatened . 
  indeed , the further you go with science , the more people challenge it and extraordinary claims require extraordinary evidence . 
  religions make exceptional claims on the basis of little evidence and despise criticism . 
  the newer the religion , the harder it is to be critical and islam is relatively young however like other religions there are many different schools and the problem is to stop those preaching extremism legally . 
  it is a tool to preserve a structure/hierarchy . 
  ftfa :  the imam 's * interpretation * of a hadith concerning slaves would shock many muslims . 
  ( my emphasis ) he is not the first nor the last to make this interpretation . 
  however , no reasonable muslim including those who have studied the koran agree . 
  it should be compared with the evangelist-con-artists in the us who proclaim all kinds of weirdness . 
  if he does n't practice these rules , he is free to hold them . 
  he should definitely not be given a platform by a mosque or religious school/madrassa . 
  if he practices then the usual laws apply . 
   leaving aside that in my opinion it 's pretty shitty to be taking the piss out of irish citizenship like this , at the practical level . 
  the irish have always offered this back-door . 
  i know plenty of americans and canadians who have used it to live and work in the eu . 
   people applying for tourism reasons are just being really silly there 'll be freedom of movement for tourists 100 % that is likely but an assumption and there can always be the risk of needing the longer passport lines reserved for non-eu/eea persons . 
   i. unlikely to change much with us using the visa applications anyway   ii . 
  freedom of movement is very unlikely to absolutely completely disappear people deal with contingencies . 
  those british who have settled in other eu countries have potentially a lot to lose . 
  those who may want a job elsewhere in the future may also wan to take protective measures . 
  it could be that british people become accepted in their current country live and work elsewhere in the eu . 
  we do not know what kind of a system will be agreed so precautions are a logical matter . 
   turkey blew a russian plane out of the air a few months back killing its pilot . 
  this is now being conveniently blamed on the pilot and the general . 
  i do n't know about turkey , but the rules on when `` a shoot down '' order is justified outside war generally goes all the way up . 
  to be fair , and what agenda the owners want to push . 
  < cough  springer < / cough  in germany , murdoch in the uk and so on . 
  it came from deutsche b\u00f6rse who were a member of the joint venture with six group ( who ran the swiss indices ) . 
  they had other indexes like the dax , mdax and so on so the x for index was pretty clear . 
   furthermore , unlike other large investment banks such as barclays , they do n't have a large retail banking or credit card business - both of which tend to generate unremarkable but steady streams of income . 
  the credit card business was deemphasized for a long time in germany . 
  otherwise retail has done not too badly but they are cutting back further on their branch network . 
   are we going to see another lehman ? 
  highly unlikely i agree there but for different reasons . 
  since lehmann 's big banks , particularly universal banks have been under the regulator 's microscope ( known as the `` financial stability board '' ) . 
  on the us tests , it was procedural problems rather than numbers that let them down . 
   the 2 core problems with deutsche bank is that for a really long time they had an extremely unhealthy culture . 
  you made a maximum profit on absolutely everything , even on the sale of old grandma 's little house on the prairie by telling her it was hard to find buyers and it was n't really worth that much but if you sign this tailored commission sale treaty here , we 'll try . 
  that was the influence of ~ ~ w ~ ~ bankers trust . 
  these were the guys who were put out of business after suckering proctor & gamble as well as orange county , california . 
  their operation was taken over db in the us . 
  these guys contributed heavily to the culture that deustche has been trying to change . 
   the money they need to earmark for losses or procedural costs til winning is missing in the earnings . 
  yes , what they have paid out is written down as a loss with massive set asides for ongoing processes . 
  the small profit they show is after all of that . 
   the integration of postbank never really worked , and the db people could never wrap their head around how this `` little banking '' works when joe average gets or deposits 30 euros at a time . 
  there was never an intention to `` integrate '' the counters . 
  the banks were very different brands . 
  however , there are some of the businesses behind the scenes that were reasonably integrated ( which is why postbank , coba and deutsche were in the same cash group ) . 
   now they sold postbank with a loss again . 
  they did n't . 
  postbank is still a part of deutsche . 
  they have to sell it to generate some more capital at some point but they are n't desperate and not in the current market . 
   actually they 're knee-deep in bad speculative assets actually they are about par on their mtms now with other banks of a similar size . 
  their position has been cleaned up a lot which is why they did n't take so many problems as some other eu banks during the recent stress tests . 
  however i still would n't touch their cocos ( or any other bank 's ) . 
  an eight year old would need to stand on the seat to reach the overhead controls on a 747 ( incl . 
  the start ) !, 
  pedals and yoke would be a problem too ( visions of an eight year old with blocks on the rudder pedals ... l ), 
  can confirm . 
  you used to have to get in at the front if travelling late but i think they have stopped that for everything except the night-buses . 
   and what exactly is stopping us hiring/training more people to deal with the temporary surge in administration ? 
  first of all , outsourcing such activities has worked so well in the past ( outside companies for government work have a tendency to undertrain and underperform ) . 
  it would still happen and then it would have to be paid for . 
  to onboard new civil servants would take some time . 
  nothing insurmountable ( given time ) but the goal of being able to regulate the immigrant population in the short term is unsustainable ( as it always was ) . 
  read the remainder of the sentence :  without significantly more resources considerably more persons can be deployed but that will increase costs and require manpower . 
  it will also take time to get the people trained . 
  if the costs are pushed back ( as is likely ) on those wanting registration , this may not be an issue for a senior manager on a 100k plus benefits but may be for lower level but skilled staff like nurses ( who are also needed ) . 
   or a mass exodus of eu residents that would do it . 
  i think they would have to leave of their own accord though . 
  with 3.5 mill of them , i ca n't see any other way that the system could cope . 
  same goes for legal immigrants . 
  if all non uk nationals have to go though a visa/work permit application process - i ca n't see the system coping . 
  sure you can charge people for visas and permits which works fine for a manager to be paid vast amounts , but would it ever work for a plumber or electrician ? 
  the key takeaway is that non-eu spouses and children of eu persons must register at the moment for residency in the uk ( as they would in many other eu countries ) . 
  in the future , it is likely that all non-uk nationals must register with the british authorities for residence . 
  at the current processing speed and numbers ( without significantly more resources ) , that will take 140 years for the non-uk eu residents ... 
  london also has the european banking authority . 
  this ( obviously ) has an office in frankfurt too ( it is a partner of the ecb but not directly connected ) but the head office is in london . 
  after brexit , this will probably go to frankfurt but paris is also fighting for it . 
  there is a tradition of wandering scholars/philosophers in europe since the enlightenment ( if not before back to the renaissance ) and it proved vital to keep ideas circulating . 
   i wonder how science and tech will develop in post-eu britain freedom of movement is vital for scientists . 
  they are often on short ( ~ 2 years ) research contracts and must move around , sometimes even a single project may be moved so it is closer to labs with access to the right equipment . 
  researchers in academia are generally paid like shit ( think post-docs ) so normal visa/work permit rules for the wealthy do not apply . 
  there are alternative paths but the tend to be complicated and the short-term nature of the contracts makes it more difficult . 
   i could n't believe for a moment leave would win . 
  there was such clear lies coming out of it and it was such hateful stuff .
