  they have plummeted against world currencies . 
  it is down to putinism and the failure of the rule of law . 
  a lot of things were bad under yeltsin but by 1998 , things were improving , possibly in spite of the government rather than because of it with the people pressuring for the needed reforms . 
  unfortunately , they did n't happen and vladimir putin came instead representing a very undemocratic faction . 
  it could have happened again under medvedev but the old guard felt that control was going and putin was brought back . 
  thanks , i 'll make a point of looking at some of the more recent models . 
  we tend to get older us car models as they are often sold off by us military who get them tax free . 
  it is also possible to get mustangs via the official route , just much more expensive . 
  unfortunately , you would pay a lot in germany just to walk through the door of any workshop . 
  possibly this is a reason why people here prefer the car already to their spec . 
  there is an aftermarket customisation thing in germany but it seems significantly smaller than in the us ( even relative to the population ) . 
  seriously , how long ago was this that they upped their game ? 
  i 've only known models 5 years old or so . 
  a friend ( german ) has just got rid of his mustang . 
  it was powerful , but the handling was n't that good off the autobahn and the interior standard of finish was not what would be expected . 
  i 've heard similar on the camaro but not known someone with the dodge viper . 
  in all cases , these were already pre-owned , about 5 years old or so . 
  so if ford or chevrolet have drastically improved , perhaps they are better now . 
  to be fair , automatics * used * to mean poorer fuel efficiency and expensive maintenance ( especially on cheaper cars ) . 
  this has significantly changed so many do n't bother about manual now as automatic is so much easier in traffic jams . 
   they feel really cheaply made this is what gets me . 
  you get into a us muscle car . 
  sure it may have a nice fast engine for an excellent price but the interior rattles . 
   and drive awfully well they are not too bad in straight lines ... 
  thanks to ozzy osbourne who [ wrote a song ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mr_crowley ) about the satanist ~ ~ monica ~ ~ [ aleister crowley ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/aleister_crowley ) . 
  the wikipedia article is quite good : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fortifications_of_the_inner_german_border it should be noted that pioneers ( communist boy scouts ) were brought in to help construction as well as the military and civilian contractors . 
  there were also about 5000 dogs running loose in the high risk parts . 
  also it was three fences and a signal wire . 
  i guess the mexicans will be eager to pay ... 
   also , i think you are underselling the work the publishers do ( have you ever published with elsevier ? ) . 
  no , i worked for elsevier in the early days of electronic publishing in the biomedical field . 
  we did almost all the prep work in those days . 
  this will not make either [ elsevier ] ( http://www.elsevier.com ) or [ springer verlag ] ( http://www.springer.com ) very happy . 
  two major publishing houses who also dominate scientific publishing . 
  under the current model , journals charge a fortune for access ( to the point where universities have had to trim down their access costs by reducing the number of subscribed journals ) and those writing papers are unpaid , as are the reviewers . 
  scientific paper publishing used to be `` at a loss '' because they required so much work getting the copy ready for printing . 
  several people would be involved in taking a paper and adding the markup for generating magazine pages . 
  of course , this process has all but disappeared with most papers coming in `` camera ready '' . 
  the reviewers are effectively doing the copy editing so publishing costs have plummeted . 
  unfortunately , subscription costs have not . 
  edit : clarified with comment from / u/barsoap, 
   there were already several reports about people ( especially from the magreb area ) being registered multiple times . 
  and it seems they are also not using eurodac for eu-wide comparisons . 
  there were also issues about multiple registrations in germany as for a long time , information about refugee registrations was not being shared across states . 
  i believe this is supposed to have changed . 
  there are usually still checkpoints , for example on the major roads between germany and france . 
  just open and unmanned . 
  schengen allows for temporary reassertion of controls . 
  there have n't been fences for a long time though and there were always farm roads . 
  if anything , schengen was an improvement by allowing for joint patrols 100km either side of a border . 
  it is but until comparatively recently the german police discouraged reporting pretty much unless it was rape and even then they would not take the case seriously . 
  if i as a male grope some random woman , that would be regarded ( rightly ) as sexual assault . 
  until recently , it would not be reported ( unless you are an american presidential candidate ) . 
  now , people are encouraged to report such crimes and the police will listen and record it even if they ca n't find `` proof '' . 
   i also agree that states like berlin should have to get their finances in order instead of just leeching , but we ca n't vote for their government there were advantages to surrounding berlin by the ddr . 
  germany has the advantage in that each state has a fair amount of autonomy . 
  possibly much more so than spain . 
  this is a post-ww2 thing as hitler had concentrated power in berlin and one of the solutions was to delegate what is possible to the regions . 
  technically , it is kind of the other way round . 
  when russia was expanding 300 or so years ago , the serf culture meant that the country was quite backward on farming and this proved a problem during the rapid expansion of the country . 
  so primarily from the time of catherine the great , they were inviting germans to come over and farm ( mostly from baden-w\u00fcrttemberg and bavaria ) . 
  the joke is that despite oppression by stalin , many tried to keep the german language , except of course it turns out that what they knew were the very regional variants of bavarian and schwabian . 
  high german was a bit of a surprise for them . 
  it had to be , otherwise they would all be drinking . 
  they would probably insist on proper passport/government issued id cards which refugees do not have . 
  it is n't trivial to apply for a passport or id card in someone else 's name . 
  the cards use nfc and are far from easy to fake now . 
  in the ussr times , you had to have a reason to relocate to places such as moscow or leningrad such as a job , relatives and so on . 
  you would then have your internal passport stamped to say you have the right to live there . 
  most eu countries have id cards which are more or less equivalent to the ussr internal passport . 
  this card allows travel in most of the eu , just not outside . 
  however , the soviet union and to an extent , modern russia still have district level border points . 
  these days , they are mostly open , but it is possible to put checks on the border between st. petersburg and the surrounding leningrad oblast . 
  the building exists and there are gates . 
  it was always possible under schengen to reeestablish border controls for security purposes on a temporary basis . 
  what it also allowed was cross-border patrols with a representative from the border police from both sides . 
  they could drive 100km or so either side of the border with the ability to stop , control and search any traffic . 
  they have mostly been involved in things like commercial fraud , but can do security as well . 
  fom existed for about 20 years or so before schengen . 
  as mentioned , what fom is really about is employment and not tourism . 
  you just showed id/passport at the many border checks . 
  freedom of movement is about longer term migration , to take up work in other eu countries . 
  schengen is about cutting border transit times for all people ( and goods ) . 
  border controls can significantly lengthen travel times and i can remember that at peak times , it could take hours to cross at certain places . 
  airports are n't really a problem , but roads most definitely are . 
  benelux ( belgium , netherlands luxembourg ) lost their border controls a long time before schengen . 
  i 'll bet that the new president of the us will need far more cleaning up after . 
  they work , but they often breakdown !, 
  hopefully the lifts are more reliable than in the old soviet apartment blocks . 
  walking up 9 flights of stairs sucks . 
  as a contrast , there is some student accommodation in frankfurt , ~ $ 650/pcm for a studio apartment . 
  they have been part of a touring exhibition to the hermitage at spb before . 
  when relations are normalised , no doubt it will happen again . 
  just do n't hold your breath . 
  it would probably be taken to moscow or st. petersburg to be exhibited with other major finds . 
   not to mention that many dutch people of moroccan decent have integrated just fine , and they now find themselves part of a group being singled out . 
  this . 
  i have lived and worked in the netherlands and it has traditionally been fairly accepting of immigrants and overall they have integrated well . 
  the recent issue is with a few that failed to integrate and a large group suddenly arriving and of course this overloads the system for a while . 
   they just want a `` strong '' leader , who `` says what he is thinking '' .
