  apparantly [ it is n't ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2015/aug/26/hungary-migrants-razor-wire-fence-roszke ) . 
  yes , all we have to do is to rebuild the wall , which covered not only berlin , but the entire ddr/brd border . 
  look at [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/inner_german_border#/media/file:system_of_gdr_border_fortification.jpg ) as an example and work out the logistics . 
  well in the case of austria , in 2014 your death rate was 10,38 / 1000 and birthrate just 8,76 / 1000 . 
  not economically sustainable without immigrants which is what happens at the moment . 
  a lot , but unless the demographics change to a replacement level birth rate across europe , we are going to end up needing to steal babies from somewhere !, 
  the state/federal government are notoriously tight fisted but it does work . 
  private german businesses definitely invest money , but they are concerned about upscaling capacity w/o a corresponding demand . 
  older manufacturing equipment tends to be upgraded with modern automation rather than replaced . 
  note that for some of the smaller imbiss/kneipe type places , not changing is part of their appeal to regulars . 
  this is why the ppi is a key input for salary expectations as well as the price of accommodation when looking at locations . 
  it is also why organizations in more expensive locations have been moving jobs to lower cost locations until they run out of capacity there . 
  for example , clearstream has an important business function that needs to remain in luxembourg , which is a higher cost location . 
  some technical functions were just outside frankfurt and have now been moved to prague . 
  you will be paid less in eastern europe , but the equivalent lifestyle will be similar , if not better . 
  first , this is more than the eu as countries like switzerland are not members . 
  personally i prefer salaries in purchasing power terms ( how many [ `` big macs '' ] ( http://www.economist.com/content/big-mac-index ) that will buy ) . 
  the swiss come off not so favorably when you must count the outgoings . 
   as is being late to a date by more than 60 seconds . 
  i was living/working close to the french border so we were more relaxed . 
  sometimes as much as whole minute was acceptable !, 
  maybe riding the train without a ticket though ... 
  yes i know two guys who hunt . 
  they are both quite limited in where they can do it and work with the forestry people so quite responsible people really . 
  yes , i 'm aware of the zielscheibe ( target shooting ) but it is very low profile , i think i know of a single club . 
  the baithlon is a widely televised sport so is much easier to notice . 
  to be fair , the contribution by the poles has long been acknowledged and [ the french were also involved ] ( http://www.codesandciphers.org.uk/virtualbp/poles/poles.htm ) . 
  bp raised the process to an industrial scale and their bombes were inspired by the poles but were considerably improved . 
  an interesting view from a major german bank currently doing a lot of business in london . 
  the tl ; dr is that they think the uk may stay by a very narrow margin but the uncertainty will be a short-term problem . 
  if the uk leaves , it will be a problem for both the uk and the remaining eu . 
  they claim that there is an incentive for the eu to make things slightly more difficult for access back to their markets to discourage others . 
  the biathlon ( ski/target shooting ) is big in germany , but surprisingly so is hunting . 
  usually for wild boar . 
  many of the forests i hike in have `` hochsitz '' ( high seats ) for the hunters . 
   what is sad is rt is the respectable face of russian propaganda it is aimed at foreigners and sophisticated russians living overseas due to russian relatives , i sometimes see russian tv . 
  rossiya-24 , rossiya 1 and so on . 
  all i can do is to ask whether you have seen the film `` wag the dog '' - in russia , they think it is a documentary on how to run a news service . 
  normally malfunctions are rare so it is easier to halt while solutions are checked . 
  more delays happen due to scheduling errors , such as a station halt taking too long , crew unavailability or a slow train caught behind a fast train without opportunity for passing . 
  the germans had it ( of course ) but it was n't translated . 
  the bbc had it too , but they do n't publish until they have verified two sources . 
  there are systems in india using a key or token that were introduced by the british a century or so ago for single track lines . 
  the key or token operates the signal at each end and is carried by the driver . 
  when the driver reaches his destination the token is placed in a mechanism which signals back to the origin that the track is now free . 
  a dumb electromechanical system that has worked well over the years . 
  problems happen when there are more sophisticated systems that are incompatible . 
  most trains are very well supervised centrally with only one train allowed onto a track segment at a time above a very low speed . 
  if a segment is n't clear , it is blocked to following trains ( amber and red lights ) . 
  bae systems is run in a special way in the us . 
  effectively , it is a `` hands off subsidiary '' where uk management has given up their rights to look inside . 
  in this way bae systems in the us can function as a us managed corp and bid for those defense contracts . 
  note that this is unusual . 
  normally when the us cooperates with the uk , it tends to be to the smaller partner 's disadvantage . 
  i believe there were promises around tsr-2 , blue-streak and many other joint programs where the uk gave up something which may have become competitive to the us and received nothing in return . 
   the more you consider this , including kadyrov 's likely manpower contribution to the ukraine invasion , his possible involvement in the nemtsov murder and his increasingly vocal threats to potential political opposition as a sign of his continued growing power . 
  really not good especially if you take into account the stories that kadyrov 's security forces are permitted to operate in moscow independently of the fsb . 
  there was a recent sean bean fictional series , legends . 
  a key plot point being a chechnyan president `` appointed '' by the fsb and then later replaced as he became less compliant and more disruptive . 
  although canada does not border russia directly , there is always the arctic . 
  having an unstable russian federation as a neighbor is not a good thing . 
  this is why many countries tried to assist with the transition in the nineties . 
  although there were problems , over time it worked and stability was preserved . 
  the thing is that for some of the economic migrants , many jail cells would be an upgrade . 
  i do n't know about belgium , but dutch prisons are quite nice by comparison with some of the conditions they live in . 
  this is bs , what would happen if they tried the same crime against a woman in the middle east with family ? 
  the perps would probably never get as far as court , they would be dealt with using street justice . 
  it is only those who are lower status and without family connections that are vulnerable . 
   it 's because # 35,000 is about the wage it normally takes for somebody to become a net contributor to the uk treasury . 
  i think this is over a lifetime . 
  tax and ni now helps support the non-earning over 65s . 
  many immigrants do n't stay that long so end up being net overcontributed . 
  also opportunist traffickers . 
  `` come to germany , get your free house and be paid by the government , oh and that will be $ 10k per person ticket , cash only please '' . 
  there have been a lot of people interested in encouraging/exploiting the refugees/migrants . 
  i remember kohl promising us that reunification would n't cost a pfennig . 
  i did n't believe him then but many did who should have known better . 
  not that reunification was a bad thing , but it could have been better planned . 
  actual study ( in german ) with summary [ here ] ( http://www.iwkoeln.de/infodienste/iw-kurzberichte/beitrag/263939 ) and a link to the full report in the text . 
  the csu likes to differentiate itself from the cdu . 
  mischief making is putin 's forte ( as taught in his old intelligence training ) . 
  for them both , it is a plus . 
  when i was there , we stayed in the middle of nowhere . 
  nothing but forest and frozen lakes in all directions ... ... and the sauna plus hole in the ide . 
  there are definitely republicans around , but they get pretty embarrassed about it . 
  many did n't particularly like gwb either . 
  bush senior was the closest to a real republican for most of them . 
  could they send you `` bojo '' , born american ? 
  the only person who could be both smarter as well as dumber than trump at the same time . 
   so , please remind me , how bbc news are different from rt propaganda ? 
  it seems they do the very same thing -- cherry-pick fringe opinions and sell them as mainstream . 
  the bbc is pro-british , but they are regularly critical of their government and at times have been in direct conflict . 
  they normally try to cover several viewpoints . 
  rt seems to have blinkers on , unable to look in any direction inconvenient for the kremlin . 
  i 'm aware of the nat bols from limonov . 
  frankly , they were quite entertaining and it seemed more art than politics . 
  dugin is a bit of an idiot . 
  his `` foundations of geopolitics '' promotes a misty eyed nostalgia for things soviet but it unfortunately has been quite influential both in the kremlin and amongst the general staff . 
  the thing is that it distracts from the real problems of fixing the economy . 
  brezinsky is a bit of an idiot too , and there are plenty like him in the west .
