  no , but that could be down to distance . 
  it is interesting that new zealand has dropped all agricultural subsidies and remains successful even with the huge distances that exports have to reach over . 
  perhaps all farming subsidies could be dropped outside national parks ? 
  any business startups should receive the normal help available but there should be no specific agricultural subsidies . 
  having employed a polish plumber and a lithuanian plasterer , i can see where the discontent comes from . 
  in general , they raise the standards ( it is the best that migrate for jobs ) . 
  they vote for big military though . 
  a big base employs upwards of 10k people directly and then a bunch of others `` off base '' . 
  it is an effective government subsidy and there is a reason that many are in the red-states . 
  which is interesting as england + wales was roman but only a part of scotland but a large part of germany was n't . 
  speed limit for russians invading finland ? 
  seriously , in germany , the yellow signs they used to have everywhere were for keeping the military traffic down to levels that the roads or bridges could take it . 
  the driving schools outsource that part of the training to the german red cross , who are presumably more qualified . 
  mumble , mumble 350 mil to whatever you want and as many times as you want ... 
  the city has the traders but these days the back offices / ops is scattered around the uk . 
  jpm has bournemouth , barclay 's has manchester and deutsche has birmingham . 
  of course , most non director level staff outside london are n't that well paid ( non traders ) but at the same time it compares well to other employers . 
  short version : the banks are n't just about london anymore . 
  probably more . 
  the uk exports agricultural products to russia but it is more of a side show compared to finance . 
  the thing is that with a long telephoto , you get a lot of distance compression where objects in the background `` come forward '' . 
  [ here ] ( http://learnmyshot.com/telephoto-lens-perspective-compression-and-the-angle-of-view/ ) is a tutorial on how to use it , but i would say a longer lens ( ~ 400-500mm ) and probably image stabilisation which cuts down on camera shake . 
  i have seen comments on a full-frame plus 800mm but personally , i reckon a 400-600mm zoom or rather a 200-400 zoom with 1.4 x teleconverter based on the distance compression that makes the explosion appear far closer . 
  we know it is a side effect of a telephoto by the lines in the background . 
  that would put it around $ 10k or so using canon l glass with a 5d3 body . 
  others do reasonably good glass ( tamron , sigma ) as well although maybe not as bright and that would halve the price but perhaps at the expense of sturdiness . 
  optically , longer zooms are easier than wide angle unless they are very bright like sigma 's 200-500 f2 .8 which looks like a small anti tank missile . 
   this implies a big drop in resolution , but could n't it simply be that it 's a video with pictures extracted afterwards ? 
  yes , it could be and i believe this was suggested earlier , but effectively frame snatching from hd res is n't easy . 
  also the shutter speed is comparatively slow . 
  a canon 5d3 will happily do 6fps and there are other models that do more . 
  you end up with a lot of `` discards '' but it is pretty good for shooting action . 
  it was looked at over in / r/photography and their conclusion is that it probably was n't shopped but taken with a good dslr with a decent frames-per-second rate and a longish and largish aperture lens ( tell-tale foreshortening of distance and fairly high shutter speed ) . 
  anyone doing the olympics would have had that combo , but it is n't cheap . 
  i ca n't find the original discussion as the photo was rehosted . 
  however , it could have been staged . 
  that buggy looks far too convenient . 
   that proves nothing . 
  perhaps americans did n't need that base or more likely some kind of trade happend as it use to be . 
  nope . 
  the overall numbers of troops in germany has dropped . 
   oh , so now gazprom is on their own and all their european partners including germany just disappeared ? 
  i see . 
  gazprom has the lock on gas exports from russia . 
  the same lock in does not exist for oil . 
  urals crude is exported , lightly processed to brent levels and then it can be sold to refineries all over europe , mixed with oil from other sources . 
  the point being that there were multiple open markets . 
  for gas , there was an attempt to buy into downstream and that was blocked . 
  in any case gazprom is run as an extension of the russian state rather than as a regular commercial entity ( which in itself is n't a problem but it does mean that sovereign risk must be accounted for ) . 
  after the actions in ukraine , dependency has been seen to be a strategic risk hence the greater move to lng imports . 
  there is so much wrong with this article , i do not know where to start . 
   does west portrays russia as an world enemy ? 
  it did n't for a long time . 
  regrettably , the kgb could only exist with an enemy and letting former kgb officers run the government meant they had to find an enemy rather than continuing with reforms . 
   or by a brute force when you create crisis and push on people in order to replace their president with your agent like it happened with ukraine . 
  this was a president who went directly against the wishes of his people when he turned against association with the eu . 
  btw , where are the billions that he stole ? 
   yes , indeed , let 's go friendly way !, 
  that 's what putin is trying to accomplish right now . 
  is he ? 
  he was elected on the promise of a strong leadership and runs around with his shirt off . 
  where are the economic reforms ? 
  where is the rule of law ? 
  why do russian companies choose arbitration in stockholm or london rather than at home ? 
  many years ago , i was working on economic reform in russia and trying to bring in foreign investors , to see the work we had achieved destroyed . 
  i come from a city where we got rid of the american military . 
  frankfurt used to be headquarters of v corps and had the rhein-main airbase . 
  however , frankfurt decided there was no need and they went . 
  those americans that remain are by invitation . 
  why ca n't gazprom understand that it is free to operate as a normal commercial enterprise in the eu but that brings no special rights ? 
  yes , the big devaluation of 98 gave a massive boost to local production . 
  many russian companies had learned western style packaging and advertising in the early nineties and they were then able to fill in the demand as foreign imports became more expensive . 
  as the capital markets were open then , it was easier for companies to attract new capital and grow . 
  yeltsin needed to hand over to a `` friendly '' ( who would n't prosecute him or his `` family '' ) and putin fulfilled that after his role in squashing the mabetex investigation . 
  it was the best time to hand over power and putin was the `` right '' person and had the `` right '' contacts . 
   one of the key goals of nato is ... to be a toy in usa hands . 
  proof please of your assertion ? 
  the us can dominate discussions but it is not always accepted and other countries would not want to feel they are following orders . 
  this is not the warsaw pact . 
   that 's why it 's so close to the russian borders and `` prepares '' . 
  countries that do not want bases for external forces have the right to refuse . 
  other countries are n't portrayed as threats . 
  no single company or group is allowed to own the methods of production , distribution or retail in the energy sector . 
  vertical integration has effectively ben blocked so although bp produces oil and sells petrol ( even with a pipeline or two ) , it has to operate as three units with an open market between each . 
  no company can prevent the resale of excess product within the eu . 
  in my case , i spoke with various companies and govt officials in russia . 
  all saw wealth and mutual benefits through piece and long term stability . 
  this is why the us and the eu were pouring money into russia . 
  some frankly helped the eu ( a lot ) such as modernization of russian customs posts . 
  some helped the russians a lot such on the modernization of milk production and distribution . 
  foreign language teaching in russia was largely helped with western money who paid for `` teaching the teachers '' . 
  to give you a concrete example . 
  russia had a lot of people whose expertise would be interesting to other countries in the military sphere . 
  it was considered important that these people could find jobs with civilian applications in russia so help was given to assist with conversion . 
  frankfurt messe - home of the automobile show , the book fair , ... 
   no wonder all of them hate and fear russia and that the visa liberalisation agreement with eu was cancelled after you annexed crimea . 
  the visa liberalization discussion was purely for government officials . 
  it would not have helped ordinary russians . 
  this is why the eu saw this discussion as kind of pointless . 
  early nineties were shit .
