  oh f * , where have i heard this before ? 
  although the dutch have a strong calvinistic streak , they have also been quite sensible in the past . 
  wilders ' views may represent a those of a subset of the population , but he should never be free to single out subgroups in the way he has and to stir up trouble . 
   helsinki is miserable in the winter because it 's by the coast , so it 's cold , windy and snowless . 
  when i was last there , in one night there was about 50cm of new snow settling on the vehicles . 
  jan/feb is fairly guaranteed for snow . 
  many city paths are overlaid with cross-country skitracks . 
   it 's beautiful , clean and safe . 
  on that latter bit , i know of a few stretches of ice that would have a separate opinion . 
  the city tries to do what they can but some ice is inevitable - together with finding your feet sliding from under you . 
  the article is only about trading which becomes effectively a controlled activity under mifid2 . 
  using btc for payment services is already regulated . 
  i can take your bitcoin tomorrow in exchange for something , it is just between you , me and the taxman . 
  nobody will do anything . 
  if i offer an exchange service converting euros to btc and back then i am already subject to regulation as a provider of money transmission services ( even if i am not required to register my exchange yet ) . 
  if i am sitting on a caribbean island and offering my service over the internet to you in the eu , there is no such restriction ( although payments over about $ 10k may be problematic across borders ) . 
  if the uk is not part of the eu , then visas and residence rights for non-nationals would be automatically organised on a country by country basis rather than eu wide . 
  this is why not all eu countries are part of the us visa waiver scheme . 
  the eu negotiates as a bloc only on trade , not on visas/residence rights . 
  for the latter there is schengen but for anything beyond a visit , that too is down to individual countries . 
   country specific residence rights is going to happen . 
  for british citizens , yes . 
  for those countries remaining in the eu , not for other eu residents . 
  maybe some will get tougher on those who move without a job ( limits on access to benefits ) but that has always been the case in many eu countries . 
  the problem is that some of the uk 's better works has been in a non-material form helping with establishing sane non-protectionist regulations and this is recognised by many eu countries , particularly in the north . 
  this is one reason why uk citizens working for the eu are being often encouraged to find ways of staying on . 
  unfortunately , the moment the uk leaves , there is no longer any official uk participation so the benefit is lost and the uk loses its advantage . 
  no , he quite intelligent , just not diligent ( other than in his pursuit of women ) . 
  are n't there more allegations about trump #s behaviour : http://www.usnews.com/news/politics/articles/2016-11-10/lawsuits-against-donald-trump-unprecedented-for-president-elect, 
  true , there is n't yet . 
  however i guess there is such a fear . 
  as far as where , the us did manage to get someone extradited before who was not a us citizen or committed any crime in the country where he was at the time . 
  they can not pardon him but they could withdraw assange 's extradition request for services rendered . 
  he used it but somehow it was lost and then later he initiated intercourse without the condom . 
  the same thing happened with another woman that he stayed with . 
  the two women he stayed with knew each other , talked about it and deciding that `` losing the condom '' may not have been an accident , decided to make thing of it . 
  it is at best some kind of sexual assault charge . 
  amusingly , trump is accused of similar ( or worse ) but in civil court so mr trump and he have that in common . 
  an older german would not carry beer . 
  they would plan their hike with known cafes ( with beer , cafe and cake ) along the route . 
  why carry it when there is plenty around already ? 
  they need * lebensraum * ... more seriously , it is a selami technique and in georgia , it has meant that they have seized the land over a strategic pipeline from azerbaijan . 
  do they have two policemen , one german and one dutch always on duty ? 
  although there are special regulations with regards to police working across schengen borders , they normally operate in pairs . 
  the german dialect spoken in the north , plattdeutsch is pretty close to dutch . 
   i kept having to tell every nurse and doctor who walked into the room during my wife 's appointments that we did not want our son circumcised . 
  you do n't need your flag to say that you are american and i have heard the same story from others . 
  i do n't understand the attempts to force an elective procedure by the medical profession and consider it unethical . 
  if you concentrate on inhouse servers rather than outsourced service providers , you will find windows server still dominates at about 80 % . 
  if you include companies providing cloud services like amazon , this changes the numbers down . 
  i know what you mean . 
  you have my sympathies . 
  i ca n't avoid it ( unfortunately ) . 
  however , i switch my account to local after installation and then turn down the telemetry settings and use the hosts file for blocking . 
  however during the install , i am briefly fully connected . 
  i start by using edge with bing and then slowly get things switched over to ff/chrome with google and a lot of ad blocking . 
  all i can say is that working with ms out of the box feels very much like i had installed bonzai buddy or something . 
   whataboutism . 
  i 'm not russian / s the point being that google is dominant in the search engine market but it is not exclusive and there are others . 
  they are n't even so successful in some foreign markets ( for example , yandex is reckoned to be better for russian searches ) . 
  it certainly is n't even dominant in the area of smartphones either whether hardware or software and there are plenty of android clones knocking around . 
   microsoft only controls the dominant desktop platform , but pcs have generally lost importance , so microsoft isn \u00b4 t in the powerful position it once had . 
  ms is also dominant on backend servers too but not a monopoly . 
  neither does google but we know who is dominant . 
  the thing is that microsoft who did the original complaint are just as guilty . 
  i was downloading firefox with bing and microsoft loaded ads pushing edge , telling me how much better it is . 
  i looked carefully though . 
  i could n't see any dosimeter ( badge or other ) . 
  it is good when you do n't have extra outgoings , when you do , that extra money is n't really `` pocket money '' , just regular business expenses . 
  this kind of thing happens in germany too . 
  the thing is that someone relocated temporarily is probably using those expenses . 
  they need two sets of accomodation , home and away working . 
  they use the excuse of temporary placement for training/knowledge transfer . 
  it seems there may be a misunderstanding of the word * temporary * . 
  they can not be paid less if they are * permanently * placed in germany . 
  however , the fiction used is to call the visit training or knowledge-transfer which seems to have an indefinite duration . 
  finland is much worse . 
  it seems to be a common problem in the summers across northern europe wherever there is still water , so norway , sweden , finland , scotland and iceland . 
  the limited summers mean the mosquitoes have a shorter breeding time so need to make the most of it . 
  usually to go with the sauna . 
  +90 c in the sauna and then outside into the water , even if the air temp is -20 c. 
  many rewe 's have decided to close their cold cabinets/freezers to save energy . 
  most lidl 's and aldi 's have n't yet . 
  you can go to a closed shopping mall like myzeil or skyline plaza . 
  you can also find a supermarket with an open cool cabinet and stand in front of it . 
  you would n't want to go to finland - all those lakes mean mosquitoes the size of f16s . 
  i loved that image . 
  if they had simply added questions like so : 1 . 
  do you wish to remain in the eu ? 
  do you wish to leave the eu but remain in the eea ? 
  do you wish to leave the eu and not be in the eea ? 
  leave would not have had a majority because in reality many people are confused as to what they want . 
  there was no major party who supported overturning brexit , so no real alternative . 
  indeed , labour made a point of supporting brexit , but a softer one . 
  tbh , the eu must evolve . 
  it is an interim state which will not be stable over the longer term . 
  it will not crash and burn but it will change its form . 
  and in that respect , the british are probably correct . 
  over what period , i can not say but it wo n't be overnight and it will probably be about growing closer rather than further apart , i.e. 
  better coordination of fiscal policy across the euro-zone .
