  the question is that if it wants to chose \u00e0 la carte , would the eu allow it ? 
  what price would they expect for it ? 
  i was agreeing with you . 
  the common travel area of ni/ireland has survived for a long time with an intentionally very loose border even during the troubles . 
  the border with mainland great britain ( scotland , wales and england ) is air or sea so there are already potential identity checks but not a passport yet . 
  the real problem though would be doing cross-border business after a brexit which would suddenly become eu import/export . 
  there are always other possibilities but they did n't work that well and there was a lot of paperwork involved . 
  think of the crap that non-eu students have to go through to study in the eu . 
   and switzerland used to be it was kicked out for bringing in extra controls on migrant workers as i understand the uk plans to do . 
  what border ? 
  seriously , the cta is great and for travelers , you hardly notice it until you spend money or receive change . 
  the problem is that there is no other border that is so open between eu and non-eu members except they are both schengen , say france/switzerland . 
  check google maps , this is a very narrow valley so no flood plain at all . 
  used to live in a small town in a valley rising up into the taunus . 
  there is a small river that is not a problem ( it is really just a stream ) . 
  however , add one quick heavy rainstorm ( like a typical summer storm and a lot less than this shit ) and the sewers would flood and back up into cellars if they did n't have proper functioning one-way valves . 
  we moved . 
  mopping out cellars is a great way to meet your neighbors but after the second time in a year , not at all fun . 
  given some of the dance moves and costumes , it is fairly close . 
  one lady had apparently several `` costume malfunctions '' during rehearsals . 
  regrettably , not in production though . 
  as with everywhere , the post faces a lot of competition and business has declined . 
  to have any kind of post service , it must be regular so why not find something else to be done ? 
  this is particularly useful for dachas ( country cottages ) that are only part-time occupied . 
  there are some very good beers in finland , you normally do n't want to drink them in saunas , rather outside afterwards while `` chillin ' out '' in the anteroom . 
  it was supposedly part of finnish deal making with foreigners , to `` sweat the best price '' out of their business partners !, 
  there was an office i visited in espoo . 
  the top floor had a boardroom/meeting room . 
  there was a sauna too . 
  not just friends/relatives but sports team members and work colleagues . 
  sports facilities and offices often have saunas . 
  the beer can ( typically lapin kulta ) is the device to tell you that you have been long enough in the sauna . 
  they would be stacked up outside to keep cold and grab one and open it on the way in . 
  as you drink it , the can warms up . 
  when it becomes too hot , it tells you it is empty and you must go outside , cool off and return grabbing another repeating the process . 
  you do n't want to throw it on the stones in a public sauna . 
  this has been suggested by both * the economist * as well as the * london school of economics '' - it does n't men to say that it will happen , but it would not be in the eu 's interest to give the uk a `` soft landing '' . 
  in any case , the uk becomes a trade competitor . 
  today is the day betweenb a public holiday and the weekend , a so-called `` br\u00fcckentag '' . 
  not many will be in today , so a deafening silence from the two towers . 
  desmond morris wrote an autobiography `` animal days '' about his time running london zoo and before . 
  he knew sir david from when they were both working on tv animal shows and described him as an old friend and a practical joker . 
  i can imagine that sir david is a perfectionist but ca n't imagine him as an asshole at work as one of his natural history series takes the teamwork and dedication of hundreds . 
  an idiot of a manager is a very good way of demotivating people . 
  also , a lot of people have got to meet him over the years and if he was so bad , the story would have gotten around . 
  excellent choice but are such ships normally named after living people ( with a royal exception ) ? 
  i hope that does n't bode badly for the future . 
  this one was ok but lookout for elks in switzerland . 
  switzerland/sweden seems to be a thing for some non native english speakers . 
  they like to be not in but just a little outside . 
  true independence does n't suit more than a few hill farmers . 
  the only argument is how semi-detached they want to be . 
  they did . 
  a lot . 
  nope . 
  i know too many swiss who hop over the border and smuggle stuff in from aldi/lidl or even ikea . 
  vodafone is a large conglomerate , as is t-mobile and telefonica/o2 with subsidiaries in many countries . 
  i can imagine that there may be a risk when roaming from say , vodafone to t-mobile but if both your home and roaming providers are subsidiaries of the same group , where are their extra costs ? 
  or he should just write a column in private eye ... 
  it kind of goes with those brexiters who have applied for irish passports `` just in case '' . 
  too peaceful . 
  please tip off the ins that he is really mexican ... 
  former commodities trader for a brokerage . 
  mainz is pretty good too . 
  all are rhine cities , which is considered the heart of the it , from when the line was occupied by the french in the 19th century . 
  several carnival outfits are based on french uniforms . 
  if you are not being made fun of , you are not considered significant enough . 
  i also remember rwanda where there was too little intervention , too late . 
  people got jumpy after that one , particularly when it was so close to home . 
   a few weeks later our defense minister announced all tank battalions were cut from the budget . 
  the tanks would be sold . 
  who bought over 200 of our modern leopard mbt 's ? 
  greece . 
  well at least they bought german . 
  the problem is that there is no guarantee of the rights of uk persons as non eu citizens in the eu . 
  they will revert to the level of non eu persons , people who may have right of residence but not of work . 
  people who can be discriminated against on the basis of nationality . 
  nope looking through the wp , it seems to be about as vague as it could be . 
  many brexiters were specifically against the entry of lower paid workers . 
  why is there no plan to offer registration ? 
  as with everything , there are vague promises but no potential delivery . 
  perhaps the brexit ministers are promising things they know they can not deliver ? 
   what is it with germans and re-writing history ? 
  what 's with the # 350million that the brexiters like so much to forget about ? 
  it was a rather pathetic referendum , was n't it ? 
  no strategy either way . 
  as mentioned it was about the failing conservative party . 
  back to your original point , how would the uk determine entry status ? 
  they proved they can not cope with existing immigration control apart from `` stop them at the border '' . 
  why does n't the uk implement a proper system of controls ? 
  why is there no plan ? 
  chapter 6 is so light on detail to be an insult . 
  i understand that there is no guarantee nor a mechanism and i do n't recall seeing anything in the white paper . 
   . . no bargaining , just what 's fair . 
  brits get to remain in the eu , eu citizens get to remain in the uk . 
  i think the point was that the uk wants its investment bankers but it does n't want its fruit pickers . 
  true , it was the ec before . 
  will correct . 
  i think some , at least , are trying . 
  apparently , there are many who do not particularly want to return to post-referendum uk .
