  how is that not true ? 
  photo was posted in the comment which seemed to show a very young perpetrator who , based on his appereance and skin tone , looked like he is of roma background . 
  there are two neighbouring buildings with the same name in [ split ] ( https://www.google.com/maps/@43.5122338,16.4333147,593a,20y,41.54t/data=!3m1!1e3 ) . 
  not so long as yours , but huge still , one has round 500 apartments . 
  that fucker has like hundreds of altars down here , he was baroque poster boy . 
  nothing representative like this though . 
  it looks more like something in russia than in czechia , at least on the first glance . 
  op gave a link to a source , there you can contact the author of the map . 
  yes you can , and no it is n't . 
  not many decades if west really opens the borders . 
  wow , that is huge number . 
  perhaps there is some explanation , i. e. what is counted as administration . 
  numbers for zagreb i presented are including people working in city administration , probably half of them have some made up workplace with cozy salary and nice working hours , other half probably do something useful , some probably even work too much . 
  but , there are utility companies managed by city , if those were counted number of people who work for the city probably rises to 10000 , even more . 
  jokes on you , our capital has 799,565 people on 641 km ^ 2 , administration has 2642 employed . 
  beat that . 
  makes you wonder if that `` public '' dude is a sane person . 
  unemployment is partially because of season depending job market , but numbers have fallen due to many people leaving the country to search for job in the eu ( mainly germany and ireland ) . 
  our bigger problem is number of employed which is getting smaller every year , but it 's too depressing to write more about it . 
  yeah , that coast is long !, 
   but now that the gdp per capita is higher uncomfortably higher if you ask me . 
  i do n't think our gas production is big enough to supply even domestic market , so it probably is n't just `` croatian '' gas . 
  but something has to be done about that refinery in bosanski brod . 
  i kind of stopped following our football league , but i think july is time for international matches , i. e. champions league qualifiers and such , perhaps even national league starts in late july , google probably knows it ( i 'm on the mobile atm ) . 
  missed that part . 
  anyway , krk is a good choice , i like mix of tradition , culture and beaches , and it is close to rijeka if you want some city atmosphere . 
  do n't know , actually came here for the same thing as you . 
  even read the article . 
  i would say spain , based on some quick googling . 
  probably spain or italy . 
  would n't be surprised even if it 's austria . 
  you can put bosnian where ever you want mate , he 's a sturdy fellow . 
  thank you . 
  stormont part was most confusing . 
  having very little clue about ni political terminology i read it as `` looses its stormfront majority '' . 
  not like that . 
  i mean you could probably find some of those kind of laws online , but not in one place , and even then it will be scanned books , rarely ocr-ed . 
  you guys [ have it all online ] ( http://www.finlex.fi/fi/laki/alkup/1889/18890039001#lidp2285936 ) , that 's just impressive . 
  holy shit that 's early !, 
  we had it until 1848 , but it was n't as harsh as russian . 
  only institution left from that era is church , now seemengly stronger than ever , basically blocking any progressive legislation and organizing opposition to legal equality of same sex marriage , right to choose , etc. 
  that other guy/girl made a list of things why gay people of estonia still are n't treated as equals even on individual level . 
  must say i expected more from eesti . 
  finally some answer . 
  why is all that still the case ? 
  i understood that eesti are n't even religious , so one ca n't point to religion and say `` they are messing it up '' . 
  soviet legacy ? 
  point is that on the personal level gay people managed to acquire equality in estonia . 
  when someone states otherwise it is sort of disrespectful towards people in some countries who face death sentence for being what they are . 
  the problem is recognition of same sex union/marriage as being equal to hetero one in all regards , adoption in this case . 
  that is a different matter . 
  somewhat similar is the case with hetero couples who do n't want to get married ; with time that informal union becomes legally almost equal to marriage , but chances for such a couple to adopt is virtualy non existent . 
  so albeit those two heterosexual people have equal rights as any person , their union does n't have . 
  so it 's more of an administrative obstacle than any other , and the one that can be removed relatively fast . 
  yes , that 's how an army work . 
  and we have such an army , a professional one on voluntary base . 
  but civil servants want for other civilians to serve the army because it will do them good , even though they themselves did n't serve because they were `` unfit '' . 
  and yet even without completing a service they seem to do quite well . 
  so i have a problem with their bullshit on daily bases . 
  to say that someone as a person has less rights in estonia because he/she is gay is false , whatever you or anyone else says . 
  there are dozens of countries where homosexuality is outlawed , somewhere even punishable by death . 
  can you point me what right gay individual does n't have that hetero one has in estonia ? 
  is hetero person eligible for adoption ? 
  no , hetero couple is , so basically it 's a problem of discrimination against gay couples . 
  even the thread about current finn legislation has [ the top comment that talks about same sex couples ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5wu7eb/as_of_today_samesex_is_legal_and_equal_in_finland/ded12f5/ ) who finally got the right to adopt . 
  he does n't talk about gay people gaining the same rights . 
  or is he too too stupid to know it ? 
  speaking of that , was i stupid when i voted against proposal to ban same-sex marriage too ? 
  strong words that do n't do you any favour . 
  i have some notion , but why would you think that ? 
  you seem to have some problem , but if you fail to communicate i just ca n't do anything for you . 
  things were same when we had a conscription , and they plan to keep the same model . 
  it may have had sense once , when women gave birth at 20 , but now they are almost 30 when they have first child , so they should have time to serve their time . 
  on the other hand , whenever they decide to have a child women do their part , so maybe it 's ok for them not to be drafted , i do n't know . 
  because he 's a bloody hypocrite . 
  half of his ministers did n't serve either , all had some `` medical '' or other reasons , but they seem keen to say to others `` you have to serve '' . 
  all the connected ones will be declared unfit or find some other way not to serve , and then you will have a situation in which special sons lie on the beach and has fun during summer , while some poor bloke eats dust in full uniforme on +30 degrees . 
  that bloke could use summer to earn some money , alas he has to serve . 
  also , we had a war not long ago , and if you really wanted to go to the army you could find a way , god knows we lacked manpower . 
  and yet , our `` my mouths are full of love for homeland '' pm was n't fit , he ended in some paper pushing non military duty . 
  uncertain . 
  i would say yes because of logistics . 
  they are silent about it at the moment , we will see i guess . 
  it 's all heresay for now , but it seems young males 18 + years old , females only voluntary . 
  service will ladt 4 weeks in summer , so only basic training , but still . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  refund or not , i would try not to die in germany if i visit . 
  conscription was abolished back in 2007 or 2008 , and after that we have voluntary service . 
  there is no lack of candidates . 
  our defence budget is rather strained , equipment is in the phase of modernisation , but still not on good enough levels , basically only `` elite '' units get adequate nato-standard equipment . 
  most of old barracks are now used for civilian purposes , or devastated due to neglect and disuse . 
  our air force is a bloody joke . 
  generally speaking our armed forces , albeit functional enough , could and should do much better . 
  and yet our idiotic government decided to talk about reintroduction of conscription , without any financial or other plan , without adequate cadre or infrastructure . 
  and only guys would serve obligatory , girls voluntary . 
  it 's relative and very subject related opinion . 
   gay people do n't have the same rights are hetero people . 
  yes they have . 
  couples on the other hand do n't have . 
   amid lingering difficulties filling the ranks on a voluntary basis at least they have some reason , unlike some other people proposing conscription reintroduction ( hint : it 's our government ) .
