   decision to reintroduce the draft ... will cover both men and women born in 1999 or later again , unlike some other stupid people currently in office in a different country . 
   though only a minority will be selected to serve . 
   the decision would entail the call-up of 4,000 men and women for military training i must say swede government seems more and more like a genius compared to some other governments . 
  we have a prime minister who proposed a possibility of reintroduction , but he himself was excused on health bases , although he seems perfectly fit , and probably was . 
  there is much more idiocy , but that would be even more off topic . 
  all in all , it 's a relatively a good proposal . 
  although guys and girls who will be drafted may have different opinion . 
   got charged because he 's not a german citizen ( no health insurance ) but are n't basics covered for the eu citizens at least ? 
  and why would family pay for the autopsy if court ordered it being performed ? 
  that 's some weird legislation , and in this case its effects are most disturbing . 
  that `` free '' part was what made me wonder . 
   charite hospital was criticized for sending victims ' families bills for the autopsies of their loved ones within days of the attack wait , in germany they charge the family for an autopsy ? 
  not that there was any doubt about what caused the deaths . 
   there was also some confusion over the financial compensation for the victims ' families - since the attacker used a truck , it was initially classified as a road incidentrather than a terrorist attack , and it took the intervention of justice minister heiko maas to ensure that victims would still be eligible for compensation not the finest hour of strict bureaucracy . 
   was n't macedonia invaded because they did n't side with the us and tried being `` neutral '' when did that happen ? 
  i was thinking more about his attitude towards croats , but yes , he is a man of his time . 
  he was young and idealistic . 
  if i recall corectlly , emigration made him rethink and modify some of his previous opinions and ideas . 
  same here with kosuth . 
  1918 - worst year of my life . 
  austria lost a war , again , so they were ready to compromise with hungary . 
   just do n't ask what it was grown in of course i started to wonder what is that magical substance that creates # 11000 worth pineapple . 
   ( if you ask : horse manure , urine and straw ) was not dissapointed . 
  arrogant stupidity always find a way . 
  how is that true according to any logic ? 
  myth is about norseman ( like totaly different from norman who were completely unrelated group but whose names are somewhat similar by pure coincidence ) who wanted to get some slavic girl named oslava or miroslava , alas something went wrong , so many years latwr the guy named the city after his beloved one . 
  bulgaria seems to be a place of origin of that story . 
  beats me if i can remember where i read it . 
  it was probably a product of the same mindset that tried to prove that rus was n't created by varangians but exclusively slavs , probably from commie period . 
  ca n't really confuse those two , i did my part with sicily in mtw2 . 
  just that norman is such a nice blanket term for warlike people from the north . 
  normans as in men from the north , not the normans from normandy/sicily , and even they initially did n't fought byzantines . 
  probably should have used more precise terminology . 
  legend i mentioned is shitty as legends go , but it was popular her in the south east . 
  that girl 's name was oslava . 
  but who will pay for you when you get old ? 
  or me ? 
  we are fucked one way or another . 
  what for ? 
  links basically confirm what i said about norman-byzantine contacts , and as for the legend i mentioned , well it is a legend , not etimology . 
  question was why the greek origin if subdivision , and i said i do n't know that , but nothing about it in the links you posted . 
  i 'm not sure what exactly this map marks as being of greek origin , but there were times round year 1000 when normans served in byzantine imperial guard , and not a few returned to scandinavia after their service ended , that 's probably how greek influence got so far north . 
  i think there is a legend about norse nobleman ( later king ? ), 
  who , while serving byzantine emperor , fell in love with some girl named slava ( so probably slavic ) ; when he returned to norway he established a new settlement , and named it after his beloved slava , but norman as he was he could n't pronounce `` slava '' , it sounded more like `` oslo '' from his mouth , and that is how the norwegian capital got one of his names . 
  northern part at least . 
  signal got weaker in early 2000 's and completely faded by the middle of that decade . 
  watched it on orf , so it was sort of a spill over from the german speaking country . 
  there was some sweet cream breakfast stuff named after it if i recall correctly . 
  actually not bad as i expected , considering all that festung shit and duration of battle . 
  off topic : that site completely ignored my gestow . 
  pretty it is for sure . 
  i 'm having acute butthurtitis though because of tjeni\u0161te monument label , but that was the point i guess . 
  they did receive great number of immigrants , so i would say many would like to live there . 
  why is different matter though . 
  if it was n't for the title i would put my bet on those scenes being from bosnia . 
  how weird is that ? 
  your farmers have it rather rough . 
  no wonder there is so few of them . 
   `` the most ukrainian of russian regions : crimea '' too soon . 
  well if usa begins isolating itself from the nato partners , then it 's only logical for the eu to acquire nuclear weapons . 
  at the moment though eu has enough troubles creating a simple task force , i think nuclear weapons is unreachable goal . 
  regarding the title , article was mostly about opinions on refugee crisis and other things , nuclear weapon was mentioned in a single short paragraph :  kaczynski welcomed the idea of the european union as a nuclear super power but doubted that the `` massive expenses '' needed to achieve this would be made available . 
  the eu `` would have to be able to keep up with russia '' , he told faz . 
  so the title is clickbaity a bit . 
  i kind of like it . 
  but good to hear they do n't experiment much with architecture . 
   i doubt it ever was official to begin with it was n't . 
  but it 's unclear if this croatian unit used it officially , or is it still in use . 
  i ca n't find if this unit even exists , due to many units being disbanded after the war . 
  why , you find plenkovi\u0107 anything but resolute and wise ? 
  you wo n't get it beacause it did n't happen . 
  could be both . 
  first i thought it was some leftover from wwii , ss inside a target sign with meaning `` we hunted ss '' , but it seems that is n't the case . 
  from my limited experience designers are n't that much interested in history . 
  for all i know it could be a customer 's choice . 
  but , why would sniper unit take ss symbol ? 
  i 'm not sure ss was famous for their sniping skills . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.google.hr/search?q=stjepan+razum+jasenovac&amp;gws_rd=cr&amp;ei=vqyfwlcjlskoa7vkmw ) comes to mind . 
  financing and promoting revisionism bordering with holocaust denial for one thing . 
  that 's some bad luck . 
   if you want odds , ask an actuary or bookmaker i see what you did there . 
  it seems to be created in 1994 by an author who is n't really showing far right tendencies . 
  was it inspired by unofficial usmc snipers logo , i ca n't tell . 
  there is a small probability it was inspired by nazi ss , i ca n't tell right now . 
  problem is there is n't much info about it online , and what exists is mostly a product of this shitstorm , so pretty unreliable . 
  about clerofascism mostly , and its derivatives . 
  interesting . 
  i did n't know that . 
  but is there a case where bomb from wwii detonated decades after ? 
  i 'm not doubting the neccessity for maximum caution , just interested in odds . 
  that all the money state infused in the church in last 20 years is finally starting to show some results . 
  was n't that already solved ? 
  i remember to read about it last week or so . 
  anyway , how probable is an explosion after 70 years in the ground . 
  there is a reason bombs and other explosive devices are kept in dry enviroments . 
  so is there really a chance that this bitch will activate itself after she already failed to detonate when she was supposed to ? 
  probably it is , but it also depends on the perspective . 
  it is a sensitive subject , as our pm said showing his wisdom and resolution . 
  depending on the period and location . 
  tito was sort of a croat , in dalmatia partisans were overwhelmingly croats from the day one , but in other parts of croatia only command cadre was mostly croatian in the first few years , while most of the fighters were serbs .
