  however , after 1943 majority of common partisan soldiers in croatia were croats . 
  in other parts of yugoslavia there really was n't much croat partisans ( well except bosnia where the most famous battles were fought ) . 
  i think montenegrins were relatively most numerous nation in the partisans . 
  i think it 's fair , this whole thing with op 's attitude . 
  guys who installed that plauque could have find much more appropriate way to honor their fallen comrades . 
  they knew what they were doing , and they did it with intention . 
  levels of stupidity when certain issues are concerned are getting so high here , that it simply had to start to spill over . 
  it raised enough controversy for official abandonement of its usage . 
  official line is `` they did n't know what it represented '' . 
  it used to be logo of a sort , but , as [ wiki ] ( https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/united_states_marine_corps_scout_sniper ) states , after that picture from afghanistan there was public criticism , and scout snipers stopped using it . 
  so will probably our snipers too now . 
  over a military unit logo ? 
  i find it improbable . 
  [ usmc scout snipers ] ( https://www.google.hr/search?q=scout+snipers&amp;source=lnms&amp;tbm=isch&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewjzryigiinsahxevrokhcvjbnqq_auimsgb ) . 
  are they a nazi unit ? 
  and italy makes the move . 
   greece took it . 
  that 's it . 
  alexander was a slav . 
  you take my money , i take your macedonia . 
  ok , i looked beyond , where is my money ? 
  you ca n't beat geography when trade is concerned . 
  up to 1000000 serbs already lives in the eu , and many of them still have a family in serbia . 
  only few thousand serbs live or has business connection in russia . 
  sooner or later serbia will join the eu . 
  if , of course , eu manages to get its shit together enough to survive next decade . 
  this is so ugly it should be made illegal . 
  all of that points to the russia being somewhat unpredictable and agressive towards the nearby countries at the moment . 
  but i 'm not really sure that makes anyone here `` petrified '' . 
  i mean , russia and proxies can barely hold what they have in eastern ukraine , one of the poorest countries in the continent manages to hold against utter terror imposing russian war machine . 
  nuclear capabilities are a different story . 
   europe currently spends its days being petrified of russia trying anything where did you acquire that information ? 
   the bride taking the name of the groom ? 
  yes , i hate it when bitches feel entitled to take the guy 's surname . 
  i mean she took his freedom , why does she have to ruin his good name too ? 
  but if someone decides to get to hell out of there because of this kind of crap , he ca n't go to usa , at least at the moment . 
  why would you punish those who want to leave the place with barbaric practices . 
  especially iranians : i was under impression that they usually integrate very well , and have little love for the customs and laws of their homeland . 
  i do n't know , it seems like you are opposing him , not physically , but with your idea . 
  one could even say you are his greatest opponent in this thread . 
   over 3,000 crimes were committed against refugees in germany last year it does n't state who the perpetrators were , or what were their motives . 
  yet , title implies hate crimes . 
  almost as someone is pushing some agenda . 
  in croatia glagolitic script was modified a bit , so after 13th century angular glagolitic script was developed , [ here ] ( http://www.nenad.bplaced.net/lib/exe/fetch.php/glagolica_missal_dpg_presentation.jpg?cache= ) is an example . 
  there was a cursive variant of it , and it was even used in administration in certain areas , but it slowly fell out of use during early modern period . 
  besides political reasons , it was probably still too complicated . 
  [ here ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/8c/vergleich_glagolitische_schrift.jpg/1024px-vergleich_glagolitische_schrift.jpg?1486373944423 ) you can see a single text ( it 's a pater noster in old church slavonic ) in rounded , angular and cursive type of glagolitic script . 
  yes , a month , after taxes . 
  it 's a complex matter . 
  many people here have personal experience due to war , so they are much sympathetic to refugee cause . 
  also , we have almost indigenous muslim population , completely integrated . 
  we even have immigrants from syria and other arab countries that integrated quite well , although they came here during 70 's and '80s and mostly have upper middle class background , so not really comparable to modern migrants . 
  all that said , i do n't think anyone is really sad we are just a transit point to the west , not a destination . 
  personally i hate some traits of mentality of those migrants , even refugees . 
  there was a guy whose ninth child was born in croatia , he was old as i am , so basically youngish , and they proceeded to the west . 
  i mean you do n't have anywhere to live , no job no anything , yet you procreate like wild rabbits , i just can not comprehend that . 
  and there are other things one can not but dislike . 
  so , the sooner this situation resolves the better . 
  so why start it ? 
  i do n't see how google or any other company you stated profits from current president 's potential economic war with the eu . 
  i do n't know how much an impact news about terrorist threat from bosnia have outside the region , but judging by the number of comments and votes that any such news gets i would say no one cares . 
  it 's a country with 50 % unemployment , and even with that , and all the influx of gulf money , extremism managed to make comparatively very little ground so far . 
  of course , only one attack is enough to change everything . 
  oh yes , the nature and cultural heritage are beautiful , even infrastructure is n't too bad ( internet is slowish though ) , but besides tourism ( which is seasonal ) , many people lack opportunity to find a decent job , or any job . 
  those who manage to find employment more often than not have shitty wages : our average is 700-800 $ , but many people work for half of that even with 60 + hours weekly , public sector is a bit better . 
  prices are , on the other hand , mostly the same as in austria or germany , so people tend to emigrate for either seasonal jobs or permanently . 
  our public debt is unsustainable , but growing . 
  and politics is beyond salvage at this point . 
  so basically many people face gloomy perspective , potential immigrant who do n't even speak the language face even gloomier , and they know it . 
  most if not all asylum seekers who applied here did that because they got caught during an attempt to reach west , and of those only handful got their request granted . 
  speak for yourself . 
  ours is rather good . 
  insanity wolf level good . 
  ah those simple balkan souls , what can you do, 
  you mean \u0160tajerski gradec . 
  that 's some advanced encryption , although it seems that it malfunctioned right at the and . 
  that is clear . 
  what i found dubious is  ethical restraints which had been imposed at the start of the war became slowly eroded as a result of britain 's decision to initiate ` unrestricted ' bombing of targets located in germany 's urban areas . 
  talking about initial ethical restraint that was changed because of the actions of the brits when hitler already bombed the shit out of couple of cities seemed wrong . 
  britain was in war , it was n't a separate war from the one france , netherlands or poland was in . 
  what hitler wanted is also kind of pointless , because it was clear what he was prepared to do , and when his expectations proved wrong he did what he would eventually do regardless of the british raids . 
   we 're talking about a guy ( hitler ) who frequently ignored advice from the more qualified people around him . 
  and good thing he did !, 
  wiki article about the blitz states that change in the nazi bombing strategy -- from eliminating the military installations towards the bombing of the cities -- probably saved britain , because they were on their last legs before that . 
  and that change in strategy was hitler 's doing . 
   they thought they would break the english but they said they intend to fight on the beaches , fight with growing confidence and growing strength in the air , and also that they will never surrender . 
  but that was after they suffered years of systematic defeats and every possible shortage war effort imposed upon the population . 
  trying to break a will of the still greatest empire in the world right in the beginning of the war with this kind of strategy is rather pointless . 
  i lost you there . 
   rotterdam or warsaw so it 's pointless to talk about them . 
  it just shows the allies were n't first to start with the practice  `` the concentration of anti-aircraft fire was the greatest i 've ever witnessed . 
  it provided a magnificent , a terrible sight . 
  and it was strangely ineffective . 
  not a plane was brought down ! '' . 
  if only some footage existed !, 
   initially the hitler forbade the bombing of british civilian targets article says  ethical restraints which had been imposed at the start of the war became slowly eroded as a result of britain 's decision to initiate ` unrestricted ' bombing of targets located in germany 's urban areas . 
  what about [ rotterdam ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotterdam_blitz ) ? 
  really restraining . 
  or [ warsaw ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bombing_of_warsaw_in_world_war_ii#siege_of_warsaw ) ? 
  even article says :  britain 's bomber command developed its tactics for concentrated ` area bombing ' and the wide use of incendiary bombs by observing the destruction germany wrought on london during the blitz .
