  so practical , endures every weather , recognizes no borders whatsoever ( although it seems to be more western oriented , and then more selective ~ ~ jet ~ ~ yet ) , it even seems resistant to any kind of critic , and just keeps getting ~ ~ wider and wider ~ ~ broader and broader meaning . 
  that map though , that is not how you spell `` ukraine '' , and last time i checked ukraine was more to the east . 
  i agree , we should wait official confirmation before congratulating . 
  i say [ you may have a tiny bit bigger problem ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/4djvs9/arabic_passes_finnish_as_the_second_largest/ ) on horizon than non conforming swedes . 
  wait , you guys even have bilingual stamps ? 
  this was rather informative . 
  but what about optimizing current system , maybe it would n't affect the productivity , but should n't that lower the work hours ? 
  i do n't know , probably some mongolian voodoo . 
  nice to hear that . 
  for good ? 
  that probably has something to do with how much efficiency is appreciated and merited . 
  in croatia it is expected to work overtime ( public sector excluded ) , but that hours are rarely productive . 
  if you can do more in in shorter period of time , you do n't get any bonus or go home earlier -- they just give you more job . 
  so a lot of people just are n't motivated to be more productive . 
  and there is also this problem that little more then 50 % of population between 15 -- 64 years of age has any kind of job , so those that work have to compensate for that , and this is partially the cause for long hours . 
   the premier warned that salafists were `` winning the ideological and cultural battle ''  and he pledged to `` massively '' increase france 's security and defence budgets in the coming years that should change the tide of `` propaganda war '' . 
  thank you !, 
  and what is that part 1lk/kl ? 
  since it is on r/europe can you guys give some translation of those words on stamps ? 
  i suppose things can spiral out of control completely even when there is n't so much tension and hatred . 
  add that to the mix and there you have new monsters , new injustice and new victims every day , and then new cycle of revenge begins and repeats itself . 
  really tragic . 
   16 slovenia bloody overachievers . 
   well technically they were there ... haha , i meant romania , lapsus  i think this term just comes from the writer of the article . 
  well that 's how it starts ... as for foreign born population : there are lot of people from croatia either just working or living in austria including my own family members and former school mates , so it seems silly implying that austria is in any sense `` closed '' ... 
  i agree on part that foreign born statistics does n't show much , because even croatia has 2-digits figure of foreign born population , but it comprises mostly of croats born in neighbouring countries . 
  edit : typo, 
   austria , croatia , slovenia , hungary , the czech republic , slovakia , poland , serbia , the former yugoslav republic of macedonia and montenegro add hungary in the mix and you have habsburg wet dream come true . 
   vedran dzihic , a political analyst from vienna , is no fan of the closed-door approach . 
  well , one could say that he would be somewhat biased on the matter . 
   basic concept of a mixed civil police and military mission that could act swiftly and flexibly and do what exactly ? 
  money wasters , that 's what those meetings are iho . 
  and why is the term `` fortress austria '' even a thing -- ten years ago foreign born population of austria was around 14 % of population , and that number did n't get any lower -- rather poorly designed fortress . 
  not completely irrelevant , but `` tuga '' in croatian ( and some other languages ) means sorrow . 
  that makes sense . 
  it seems in poland they pay you extra because of sin exposure . 
  this is interesting . 
  suppose there is some limit regarding how often you can donate . 
  i mean i heard about this , but never really thought about whole concept . 
  i do n't think it 's a thing here . 
  anyway , what germany offers per donation seems a bit low price if you could be liable for something many years later , although looks like they will do right thing for the children . 
  they pay you for the sperm ? 
  what to hell would they need it for ? 
  i am genuinely curious . 
  why would you donate sperm in first place ? 
  edit : it 's explained that people do it for the money . 
  this whole sperm donation is n't a thing in croatia , so it was an interesting information . 
  which belongs to balkans . 
  finally being first in something . 
  suck it rest of the eu . 
  i would gloat some more , but must take my smoke therapy for this weird chest sensation . 
   again we see croatia 's politics dominated by what happened in 1941 that 's an interesting user name there , pal . 
   i wonder how long novosti journalists had to root through bari\u0161i\u0107 's books well that 's their job . 
  prime minister 's job on the other hand should be not nominating somebody with publicly fascist sympathetic attitudes in his cabinet , especially not in education area . 
  in croatia there was n't a government with any interest in education in the last 20 years at least . 
  ministry of education is merged with sport and science , and usually minister becomes a person with very little knowledge and absolutely no experience in educational matters . 
  they are usually high standing with current party leadership ( either because of their personal connections or ideology ) , and since they have no other qualifications ( oh they have their degrees and such ) they usually get `` less '' important positions as ministers of education or culture . 
  this is just one example . 
  that 's good to hear . 
  i was in teenage years when news were full of pictures of destruction from there , and having indirect expirience of the war in my country i remember feeling very sad for the people who have to live in the middle of that chaos . 
   the winners are always writing the history books !, 
  there were many greeks an even the jew who wrote roman history books , so winners do not allways write history . 
  that said , chechenya is high on the `` places i really would not like to live in '' list , that whole thing was horrible tragedy . 
  yes , but fuck the facts . 
  well , almost never . 
   jesuits in the 15 century not that other examples are sound , but this is simply wrong . 
  and , as [ you can see here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4k59hq7dxic ) , protesters used some advanced infantry manoeuvres supporting the armour . 
  some interesting choice of wording regarding the category name when you hover with the pointer over the green area . 
  i wish we were real eu . 
  there was some map few days ago , was it here on r/europe or on r/mapporn or somewhere else -- i ca n't remember , it said that foreign born population of croatia was 18 % . 
  now , large majority of that number consists of bosnian ( and herzegovinian of course ) croats : according to 2001 census 381764 person stated bih as their country of origin , which was around 9 % then . 
  now , there are many people born in croatia after 1945 , but whose parents came here from bih . 
  according to the survey published in ve\u010dernji list in 2012 [ 41 % of croatian citizens ] ( http://www.vecernji.hr/hrvatska/cak-41-stanovnika-hrvatske-rodjeno-je-u-bih-ili-ondje-ima-rodjake-407103 ) was born or has some relatives in bih ( citizens as in resident citizens ) . 
  so 18 % is probably a good approximation for 1st and 2nd generation . 
  what i forgot clarify is that i do n't consider those people especially nationalistic , just that in case of the improbable war in bih this would prove significant . 
  there are literally other , and i would say different , people in positions here . 
  local politicians do vary in their attitude towards nationalism , there is a big difference between regions that were devastated by the war and those that were spared of direct involvement , as can be expected . 
  but in serbia positions are filled with people that were heavily involved in warmongering , but now they are `` pro european '' leaders , talking about change of rhetoric . 
  all i am saying is there is significant difference between the two establishments . 
  that 's not funny . 
   there is also ** lots ** of ultra nationalists in croatia establishment sauce ? 
  to my knowledge most of politicians with that attitude are long gone . 
  now , popular opinion is somewhat different matter , especially since around 18 % of population of croatia are 1st or 2nd generation bosnian croats . 
  on the other hand , both prime minister and president of republic of serbia were rather prominent figures in serbian ultra nationalistic warmongering movement during 1990 's . 
  not ten years ago mr. nikoli\u0107 , the president , said he is dreaming about greater serbia . 
  and they were elected . 
   bordel control officials now that 's an interesting public service . 
  well you do n't hear a lot about belarus , but when you do it 's a chainsaw murder . 
  i am aware of that , but now they are more coordinated . 
  just this morning some youngish dude left some leaflets in my building entrance , something something picture of `` mary mother of god '' , that thing with church on the city lawn in savica , and so on . 
  i would really like to see who is financing them . 
  those kind of catholic fanatics are trying the same shit down here , right now various `` praying groups '' are preying women in front of hospitals and clinics ( they have inside tips when someone is scheduled for abortion ) , they gather and disturb passers by . 
  but it 's the tip of the iceberg : they really try hard to influence every pore of public life , educational system , military , now even healthcare . 
  21st century europe . 
  i see . 
  well , [ if it were n't for french pride and vanity ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/battle_of_nicopolis#aftermath ) maybe that would be the case . 
  but is n't mr. sarkozy just brilliant , i bet the turks were so confused about their place until this great revelation . 
  well , then let the muslim nuns keep their habits on their passport pictures and that 's it . 
  yes it was in the coastal region where there were lot of cities which were fortified since the roman times and during the migraton period , and also couple of fortresses of medieval croatian dukes and kings that were built from stone ( like [ klis ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/fortress_of_klis ) . 
  fortresses in the continental part of croatia were mostly wooden before mongol invasion ( due to abundance of woods at the time ) .
