  but why did it take 21 years to get to court ? 
  i do n't think some no-life hermit like investigator dedicated his life to collecting the evidence , his lonely mission , so it took him 23 years after the supposed crime to put together a strong enough case . 
  it does indeed . 
   religion is just such a non-issue in society most people probably do n't even know anybody who is religious , so when arguably the most important person in the country says he actually believes in god it 's ... a bit weird . 
  you sure you are a real place , not some fictional wonderland ? 
  because it sounds just a bit too good to be true . 
  refreshing . 
  mind you , i do n't care if you believe in purple hazelnut as long as you are a decent human being and you keep it to yourself . 
  but religious nuts down here are completely out of control . 
  almost fun fact : monacum is latin for munich , while monoecus is the latin name of monaco . 
  one video watching later and op ruined it . 
  it seems our governments have the same spiritual animal . 
  it seems you have mistaken me for someone else . 
  sad if you identify yourself with some wwii faction , especially notorious one . 
  good guy asylum seeker . 
  seemingly ignorant , but merry . 
  have an upvote . 
  well they are incredibly stupid in more than one regard , but i think that reading a truck manual for the next attack ( if only there would n't be one ! ), 
  is n't beyond their abilities . 
  i 'm so right i have barely any use of my left side . 
  half a man , half a hammer , but boy can he sing . 
  i have some weird notion you are the chosen one when it comes to understanding of truth . 
  well it is 2016 , so time had come for somewhat more distanced view of events during the war , even ironical one . 
  on a serious note , politics lead by croat serbian leaders at the time , and apparently they had enough support in the general population , left really no doubt that they wished to live in serbia , making any compromise with `` ustashe '' was unthinkable . 
  problem for that kind of policy arised when serbia stopped giving a crap about it 's wishful western part , so after instigating shit from 1989 til 1991 they had other priorities . 
  so when certain parts of croatia ceased to be part of greater serbia sheme , population that has given virtually it 's full support for such an idea and having rejected a compromise , well the only way to live in serbia now was to move there . 
  oh yes , there was no small amount of `` encouraging '' the exodus by certain elements in government and armed forces after oluja , but it is noteable that serb inhabitated areas of croatia which rejected greater serbia scheme from the beggining , or reached some sort of compromise with croatian government like those in eastern slavonia , today still have almost same percentage of serbs as they had pre-war . 
  i mean there are hours of video material just on youtube from the period . 
  denial of such a simple fact as is existence of chetniks who came to croatia in 1991 with intention to kill is delusional . 
  it kind of does look like that , yes , but it seemed easy to misconstruct , so i went with internal bleeding instead . 
  believe it or not there was not a small number of creatures looking more or less like that one in the photo who came to croatia to kill and loot during early stages of war . 
  i know , brilliant , is n't it . 
   but `` ca n't '' stop people from getting out funny thing to say when talking about romania , all things considering . 
   a lot has changed since the days of bunkers and old mercedeses . 
  it 's good to hear that . 
  i was positively surprised when someone posted that christmas fair from tirana here some time ago . 
  but you definitively need a better pr . 
  certain police action last year which lead to high prices of certain commodity did n't help either . 
  also those czech tourists killed because of a car , i mean those guys are usually dangerous enough for themselves , no need to kill them . 
  so yeah , one bad stuff always overshadows 10 good ones . 
  here we have a classic case of internal hemorrhage , caused by specific historical circumstances . 
  in it 's most severe form it can lead to nationalistic fever , ethnic cleansing and manifestation of a condition known as [ chetnik ] ( http://ljubusaci.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/11/cetnik.jpg ) . 
  that phase is usually permanent , and besides being dangerous and homicidal , it can lead to premature death . 
  easy there skender beg , i was just saying some of those people are exploiting the situation and relative openness of germany . 
  i really have no opinion about albanians , besides all those bunkers and mercedeses . 
  have few of kosovars here , but it is n't the same thing really . 
  they make good bureks though . 
   human dignity i hope some of those people actually do something good for german taxpayer in return , however small . 
  because there is no dignity in getting something for nothing . 
  it 's leeching . 
  it should be , those people 's lives are endangered beyond dispute . 
  but there really are n't so many such cases . 
  well you have a gradient from 3 to 6 , then it switches to shades of purple for 7-8 , 9 is brown , 10 red - ok those two are a bit weird , then nice blue 11-14 , and then shades of grey . 
  simple . 
  well according to articles i found online , it 's mostly oportunism and lack of information , trusting fairy tails of instant problem solving if only you get to germany . 
  german government ( embassy ) in tirana actually paid an advertisement in local newspaper where it stated that albanians can not get economic asylum in germany . 
  and better than grouping `` 2-7 '' in the same color , as was done with certain popular map day or so ago . 
  then tell me , why do they do it ? 
   but the lodgings are not exactly luxurious and the money is n't great . 
  so it 's not really an incentive to leave home and go on a risky journey . 
  you may be overestimating quality of housing in certain parts of se europe , especially among certain groups . 
  it 's fine . 
  a bit unusual , but fine . 
  of course we have rather high value , every once in a while there is a horror story from the maternity wards in the newspapers . 
  treatment of the women giving birth is often despicable , avoiding c-section at all costs , often at the risk of mothers and baby 's life is notorious . 
  do n't get me wrong , there are many wonderful doctors , nurses and obstetricians , but more often than not when you ask women who gave birth about their expiriences , very few have nice words for personel . 
  things are slowly changing , but we still have long way to go . 
  it is hard to understand that kind of mindset and naivete . 
   when ) asylum aplication is rejected there will be no immidiete deportation as we are eu citizens but great majority of appliers are n't . 
   every eu citizen can be deported under some circumstances like homelessness `` go home ! '', 
  `` how do you mean you do n't have one ? '', 
  `` out with you ! '', 
   wants transit-zones on the borders that is an interesting way to avoid saying `` internment camps '' . 
  but it seems like a good idea . 
  although organisational part would be nightmare i suppose . 
   the coalition spd party is against it is there still a great coallition ? 
   fat spd-siggy he 's not fat , he is short . 
  if he was 2,70 m tall he would look just fine . 
   in some cases it will simply be thrown out immediately my german is wanting , so i may have missed that part . 
  they still get some money , no ? 
  if you have rather great number asylum appliers from couple of countries year after year , and almost all of them are denied , then there should at least be some sort of mechanism to thwart that kind of behaviour . 
  i mean , there are some albanians who are targeted in blood feuds , but hardly tens of thousands of them . 
   you can also apply for the job of president of the us by sending a letter to the white house . 
  you wo n't be accepted however and they were n't either . 
  yes , but i wo n't get any money for that act alone . 
  not only , but i would n't be surprised if they are a tidy bit overrepresented in that group . 
  almost third of them are albanians , and other 10 % are serbians , which i suppose means opportunistic gypseys of theirs . 
  i 'm not sure how can they even apply for asylum in the first place . 
  and if i understand correctly , they got nice amount of pocket money . 
  it seems germany is enabling this kind of behaviour . 
  we are so full of it that you ca n't even see a `` croatia '' sign . 
  yes , but being raped and then murdered is sort of extra harsh way . 
   honestly this whole thing looks like parents forcing their political views on their children it has that vibe , yes , let 's hope it 's not that . 
  thanks . 
  sad to see ideals backfiring in such a horrible way . 
   the last woman who did this was raped and killed in turkey . 
  sauce ? 
  it 's a satire based on the real issues of american society . 
  i 'm comparing treatment of issues , not the cartoon to reality . 
  [ south park ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_cissy#plot ) starts being europe-relevant .
