  we have [ our own eltz castle ] ( http://www.turizamvukovar.hr/slike/sadrzaj/2015_11_12_81_61616148_b.jpg ) in vukovar . 
  of course there is significant difference in quality and design of products of the same brand for western and eastern market , as usual , so germans got fairy tale gothic type of castle on the hill , while here we have boring flatland oversized house type of castle that reeks of `` i could n't make it more dull '' approach of the architects . 
  sometimes you just have to cancel your plans for evening and read a dozens of wiki articles about medieval slavs it seems . 
  i suppose in medieval times you take what you can get when democracy is concerned . 
  certainly it was more democratic than after moscow conquered it . 
   republic of novgorod  democracy was n't novgorod some sort of aristocratic republic with well established families taking turns in key positions of government ? 
  nonetheless , it is a city with a fascinating history . 
  and what exactly would you qualify as racist there ? 
  probably . 
  but racist ? 
  come on . 
  it could indeed . 
  title suggests he swam half of mediterranean and whole of adriatics just to drown in venice . 
   italian media said mr sabally had residency papers for italy and had sailed from africa two years ago oh . 
   at least three life rings were thrown into the water near him , but he did not appear to reach for them , raising speculation he wanted to kill himself . 
  really , keep using the term `` racist '' in situation like this one and it wo n't be long until we will need to invent a new word for actual racists . 
  you lead !, 
  it 's been a long day . 
  so if a pole who works there and pays the taxes and contributes to nhs gets sick , he should , as a non british citizen , do what ? 
  go to poland ? 
  try to not get anschlussed this time . 
  seriously , do n't get me wrong , but austria might have bigger problem on the horizon than stalinism or russia . 
  i 'm aware of that , i 'm asking him as a finn , to my knowledge they are n't part of nato . 
  why would he care about new potus nato policy , or suggest some scenario , when even non nato finland spends less than 2 % of their gdp on defence . 
  why would you care about nato members defence spending ? 
  it kind of is , but effects were n't so long lasting as in rest of eastern europe . 
  you can not into balkan . 
  we are full , sorry . 
  i 'm just interested in line of reasoning where being part of yugoslavia for 70 years , which left almost no traces , except maybe in socialist architecture - and even that is n't part of `` balkan image '' - matters more than 1000 years in holy roman empire . 
  what traits do slovenia and i. e. macedonia share ? 
  getting your ass kicked once does n't qualify you as a boxer . 
  what you basically say is that slovenia belongs to balkans because it 's inhabited by speakers of south slavic language . 
  it is n't even matter of `` belonging '' , more of pattern recognizing , and slovenia just does n't fit in balkans . 
   historically you 're part of the balkans care to expand that a bit ? 
  was it part of byzantine or ottoman empire ? 
  what does `` historically part of balkans '' even mean ? 
  did slovenia took part in balkan wars or what ? 
   geographically it 's a stretch since you 're at the very edge but it is n't a stretch to consider it part of balkans . 
  interesting . 
  yeah , no . 
  still , a very good show . 
  what about mother ? 
  no pay for space station , no photo . 
  they make baby jesus cry . 
  he was from somewhere in dalmatia ( which was bigger than modern region of the same name ) , probably of illyrian background , although heavily romanized since romans conquered that area couple of centuries before . 
  illyrian kingdoms were contemporaries of alexander the great and roman republic , today modern albanians are closer to them than croats really , i. e. linguistically speaking ; genetically every people that lived here left some material , so our heritage is rather mixed . 
  when slavs settled this area , western roman empire was long gone , but you still had basically roman cities on the shore under formal sovereignty of eastern roman empire , a. k. a. byzantium , walled and defended . 
  it took centuries to mix newly arrived slav barbarians and civilized city folk . 
  cities were more prone to epidemics and sack , city dwellers had less children than hinterland half barbarians , so with time population became more and more slavicizied and croatized . 
  in that sense one can say we fixed their demographical problem , yes . 
   did n't they let barbarians settle within their borders that was more a symptom and consequence than cause . 
  it was because of internal turmoil in late 3rd century that northern limes was left virtually unmanned , which basically opened the empire to barbarians , although not immediately to the fullest . 
  nice part of european nobility claimed some relation to charlemagne , and there were times when noble knights sired bastards all around the place , so i would n't really be surprised if there were really millions with charlemagne as their ancestor . 
  i agree , it 's just that i thought more about famous people descendants , i. e. emperors and such . 
  funny thing is , he may even be , but we have no way to prove it . 
  i mean not just commodus , there has to be significant number of modern people whose ancestors are famous , considering a treatment of conquered women and some slavery related sexual practices . 
  genome was spread much wider than official way enabled ( i. e. through marriage ) . 
   it was the migration that destroyed them and of course they became to lax when it comes to their army and will to fight the moral was low more complex yet . 
  mentality played significant role in demise of the empire , sure , but shift was slow and lasted a couple of centuries , and it was influenced by politics , economy , diseases and disasters . 
  one could argue that elites became complacent maybe , but that is really hard to measure scientifically . 
  every comparison with modern situation is , however , very limited . 
   is it though , why ? 
  i do n't know , it echoes modern spread of certain intolerant ideology in rather tolerant part of the world . 
  i think you oversimplified entire process a bit . 
  roman society of 3rd century was a troubled one , and christianity seemed to offer some solutions , otherwise it would n't succeed , regardless of imperial will . 
   inclusive and tolerant i do n't think they were especially tolerant in modern sense , it is just that exclusivity as we know it today just did n't exist yet . 
   they allowed the existence within the empire of cults that sought the destruction of all other ideas , mythologies and ideas and their forcible replacement by their own moronic brand of worship this sounds parabolic a bit . 
   jackasses who threw it all away it 's not like they woke up one day and said `` fuck this shit , i 'm going tribal , and to hell with infrastructure and civilization . '', 
  support for eu membership has nothing to do with cooperation between polling institutions unfortunately . 
  that would be nice . 
  you rarely measure a country without its heart . 
  almost same is true for us and slovenians . 
  i would n't gloat too much . 
  thanks merkel ? 
  well , yemen would catch a break i suppose , nepal is mountainous so there really is n't any change , laos is still almost landlocked , and montenegro finally gets people with skin colour that goes with the country name . 
  however , it seems map is flawed , at least when croatian and serbian gnp is concerned . 
   serbien i hope whoever made this giggled a bit . 
  this submission and most of the thread is so wrong on so many levels . 
  well i think that is a common knowledge , opportunism of large percentage of migrants that is . 
  i mean you can find that refugees crap in the news outlet here and there sure , but they are fooling no one any more , not really . 
  now if you count as refugees people who come from the countries with active hostilities , i bet even there you can find not a small number of individuals who are n't actually from the area exposed to war . 
  those need to be filtered too . 
   camps in southern europe where potential refugees are held and there is your problem right from the start . 
  you do n't make such a facility in the mediterranean , you build it somewhere with fog and swamps and cold and rain , and generally miserable weather . 
  those who really need refuge would n't mind . 
  well if a bear ate you and consequently shat you after it , and you spent some time being a part of that shit before you manage to free yourself again , then it takes considerable amount of time for everyone to forget you were indeed once a part of foeces . 
  and nobody calls the bear a part of shit because he eats what he wants and shits where he wants , because he is a fucking bear and he can . 
  also is heavily armed and nuclear . 
  while technically correct , in the last 10-15 years it does n't mean a crap . 
  if someone today feels uneasy because of terrorism you can be sure he does n't picture mildly suspicious looking septuagenarian veteran of ira or raf as a source of threat . 
  certain demographics is more prone to terrorism and specific type of crime , you can mask it however you want but it wo n't make a difference until certain facts change . 
  get help , seriously . 
  i 'm hardly a fan of current eu immigration policies , but  italy 's migrant centers are run by cooperatives based on government contracts . 
  several of them already faced criminal probes for corruption and fraud . 
  maybe that `` europe '' they are facing is n't the best one . 
  i mean `` government contract '' is almost a byword for `` theft of tax money '' in certain parts of europe , and i doubt italy is n't part of that special club . 
  so maybe if you take some obligations , and your tax payers give you money for it 's implementation , then do the job way it should be done . 
  well if families of the victims get some closure then i guess it can never be to late , but this kind of stuff always has some political background unfortunately . 
  and there is always `` but what about * our * victims in _____ '' . 
  if they are gulity of course .
