  you sure showed me . 
  [ yes it is . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_gdp_\\ ( nominal \\ ) _ per_capita ) and i was just replying to / u/lmolari who said that there are citizens from poorer and less safe countries than afghanistan that do n't get asylum . 
  i refuted both points he made . 
   there are many , many countries even poorer and more unsafe then afghanistan . 
  and there is no active war going on any more . 
  that is complete nonsense . 
  the afghan government is still fighting the taliban and isis in afghanistan with the help of the resolute support mission ( which includes ~ 1000 germans ) . 
  just hours ago a car bomb killed 29 in helmand province . 
  the conflict cost over 20.000 lives in 2016 . 
  it 's not over . 
  and afghanistan is in the bottom 20 in terms of gdp per capita . 
  send it to us . 
  we 'll burn it for you . 
  * grande, 
  true . 
  if you 're lucky , you 'll find a spot s deep enough to swim . 
  there are some large fish in it but i do n't know whether they are carps . 
  the lake offers a great view of the wilder kaiser mountains . 
  the deeper parts of the lake suffer from hypoxia but that water is pumped into the river below the lake . 
  they would n't even have proper beer if it was n't for us bavarians . 
  well if we follow the austerity policy we promoted in the last years when the next crisis hits we wo n't be investing then either . 
  or ice cream . 
  [ footage from the incident . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnl-7x4n4d8 ) ^ ^ ^ ^ / s, 
  i heard that sending your army on a vacation trip to that part of the world is very en vogue these days . 
  did n't pardon enough turkeys . 
  i guess that depends on the investment philosophy and risk taking behavior of the masses . 
  our political system should work to avoid such drastic reactions to current events . 
  politicians should be moderators of public opinion . 
  it 's the same opinion i had before his death . 
  i just hate the idea that people can only share positive opinions about dead politicians . 
  de mortius nil nisi bonum is imho a unhealthy practice in today 's world . 
  i 'd like to have neither . 
  the way the spd-gr\u00fcne coalition planned the energiewende was massivly in favor of rich people that wanted a safe investment ( garantierte einspeiseverg\u00fctung ) . 
  shutting down the nuclear power plants early was a tremendous mistake in the first place . 
  this is one key reason why germany wo n't be able to meet its emission goals in the next years . 
  instead of taking a logical approach the b90/gr \u00fcne played up the hysteria in the german population . 
  there is plenty of shortsightedness in german politics . 
  just look at the whole nuclear energy fiasco . 
  a substantial amount of the eu countries are dependent on the russian natural gas for heating . 
  it 's not a great situation but we 're working on it . 
  the new sanctions on russia fuel the suspicion that the us wants to profit from the geopolitical situation by increasing ng sales to eu countries . 
  i wish we were energy independent . 
  but we are n't . 
  the sanctions should have been discussed with the allies that will suffer because of them . 
  ( and before anyone says that it is just a german problem : it 's not . ), 
  i wo n't miss him . 
  his time as chancelor will always be tainted by his [ corruption ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cdu_donations_scandal ) and his stubborn will to sit things out ( sadly that seems to be the main thing merkel learned from him ) . 
  some form of encryption does help with net neutrality , because your isp ca n't find out what content is in the packets . 
  and the case against the seismologists, 
  our defense minister already made that decision . 
  many rumors . 
  the final decision will be made next year , but the bundeswehr has been using heckler und koch predominantly and france has just replaced its service rifle with the hk416 . 
  since our defense minister ( ursula von der leyen ) had a very lengthy and public dispute about the supposed quality issues of the g36 ( she lost in court ) i would guess that our government would like to avert any lasting damage to the reputation of hk . 
  the sanctions sould have been coordinated more closely with the central european countries that are indirectly affected by them . 
  both . 
  and if you accomplish no deal with the muslim world in 20 years ? 
  total war or what ? 
  did the new rules really change anything ? 
  and germany will most likely adopt the hk 433 . 
  someone has a persecution complex . 
  would n't have happend if the other guy had had a gun . 
  wait . 
  i 'm saying and this is on the record that it has to be much more than 361 % of britons . 
  i think one reason is that the ordinary german does n't appreciate the quality of more expensive food or time consuming food preparation . 
  food in austria and switzerland is usually a lot better because they are willing to spend money or time on good food . 
  [ same guy cheered for isis and called what they do payback for the crimes of the shia in 2014 . 
  ] ( http://www.funx.nl/news/music/21606-abdoe-khoulani-wat-isis-doet-is-payback-time ) i guess he 's still a dick . 
  beware percentage increases in headlines . 
  they are misleading most of the time . 
  i do n't think a dirty bomb would make much sense in a defensive war in or close to germany . 
  and using nuclear weapons in a scenario that does n't involve a direct threat to germany would probably lead to diplomatic isolation . 
  before the first fusion power plants are built we will see demo , the plant demonstrates the viability of commercial energy production . 
  current plans see proto / an actual commercial fusion power plant at least 30 years in the future and that is without delays . 
  yes . 
  even though prefer macron i do not like the seat distribution . 
  not proportional at all . 
  australia , israel and pakistan . 
  probably not turkey . 
  in 2014 the uk elected 24 ukip members for the european parliament . 
  more than a third of the uk 's seats . 
  you 're missing the wurst . 
  [ iran does fund terrorism . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/amia_bombing ) they should n't be our friends or allies . 
  what a little crybaby . 
  it just exudes warmth . 
  [ the castle on wikipedia . 
  everyone except the taxpayers if no war would have happened anyway . 
  france behind germany ? 
  hard to believe . 
  you probably put more thaught into it than me then . 
  why not vote on a sunday ? 
  would n't the fusion component have to be liquid or a very contained gas/plasma to increase the hit probability of the reactants ? 
  the roads in eastern europe need to be improved . 
  you know why . 
  i do n't know , but he-4 is * very * stable . 
  afaik helium is not used as a component in fission-fusion weapons . 
  it is used to detect neutrons and can be a remnant of set off nuclear weapons though . 
  he is high explosive .
