  he is helium . 
  i would say trump would be in the afd , clinton in the cdu and sanders would probably be in the spd . 
  you country 's politics are shifted to the right from a german pov . 
  i think gbii would have been in the cdu/csu . 
  i do n't think that 's true either . 
  parties here in continental europe either have very pronounced internal differences or get swallowed by other parties in the same part of the spectrum . 
  i would say your parties are similar in concept to our parties and not our coalitions . 
  and how is that positive ? 
  yes , decades , though it 's closer to centuries now . 
  the political system in other countries is much more fluid . 
  that does n't make sense . 
  coalitions break apart very easily and the parties rearrange to form a majority that supports their platforms . 
  that does n't happen in the usa . 
  they make it very easy to hate them . 
  actually even a majority of republican voters is in favor of the paris agreement . 
   sorry i do n't speak , adolf ftfy, 
  i knew it was the lizard people !, 
  no it 's the generalplan ost . 
  but they promise a good position in the military . 
  mediterranean coast is rightful german clay !, 
  that his isis suppporters could n't get him a suitable weapon in paris is a win in my book . 
  [ one of the preconditions for friendly relations with the soviets after the withdrawal of soviet troops was that austria becomes neutral . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/declaration_of_neutrality ), 
  did they before ? 
  yeah if your an observing muslim you ca n't have ouzo , retsina , tsipouro or metaxa . 
  neither france nor great britain were really happy with the prospect of a united and thus powerful germany in 1990 . 
  a unification of germany and austria prior to the collapse of the gdr was not a priority since the reunification of west and east germany were seen as much more important . 
  the usa was and is a much bigger power than italy or gb . 
  the french have had the foresight to see that american dominance in economic and defense matters can make you very dependant . 
  yes , let 's just take over and occupy a oil rich sunni middle eastern country . 
  that worked so well before . 
  at least this time your kind is honest from the beginning . 
  sort by new . 
  maximum deficit rule ! = getting eu funding . 
  in germany the reasoning is that a lower threshold would lead to a very splintered parliament that would not be able to agree on enough topics to govern . 
  some countries have a political culture that is more based on compromise than others . 
  they can function with a lower threshold . 
  now we have square de berlin though . 
  yet trump wants to increase spending much faster than his predecessor . 
  hearing about the hofburg always makes me sad since austria has most of the hre regalia in the hofburg schatzkammer . 
  painted in gold for better combat performance . 
  that depends . 
  there are american b61 nukes at b\u00fcchel air base as part of nuclear sharing . 
  the german public might not like an official german nuclear arsenal but a shared arsenal might be accepted . 
  why is the royal netherlands navy combined with the belgian navy ? 
  are they integrated ? 
  * fry.jpg *, 
  but they know what indicators are used for !, 
  you use them to tell the guy in front of you that he 's driving to slow and should move over to the center lane . 
  ruthless is a good description though . 
  he loves to stiff his contractors . 
  some natsec guy wants to feel important and newspapers want clicks . 
  having influence in a eu country ( passports ) with a nice banking industry would be very interesting for russia . 
  as far as i know he even blew up some layers with explosives . 
  linke, 
  marillen for the marillenbrand !, 
  ftfy, 
  what schliemann did to the site is embarrassing . 
  did you know that ` priams treasure ' was looted there , gifted to the german people by schliemann and taken to russia at the end of the second world war ? 
  its location was only revealed in the 90s . 
  we 're coming for your palatschinken and marillenkn\u00f6del !, 
  french too and all the ` volksdeutsche ' in the armed forces ( also as concentration camp guards ) . 
  but integrating foreign fighters in your army is a age old concept . 
  the romans did it with their auxiliary forces . 
  not really linked to an ideology . 
  the [ i. german-dutch corps ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i._german/dutch_corps ) was founded 1995 and the [ franco-german brigade ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/franco-german_brigade ) in 89 . 
  this is not a new idea and nothing to be afraid of . 
  weird to see the names without the \u00d6 . 
  lybia is not the cause though . 
  the boats just start there because the lybian government is too weak to police its coast , after the overthrow of gaddafi and the civil war . 
  ridiculing those radical fringe groups can lead to people underestimating their commitment to their cause and their danger to society . 
  the reichsb\u00fcrgerbewegung are agood example . 
  the marriage contract is void if any grammatical rules were broken . 
  [ you have to adjust the colors . 
  for now . 
  they 'll meet again in a week iirc . 
  for the sake of france , i hope not . 
  the title does imply that his policies will be expensive for us . 
  that part translates well enough . 
  i love the witcher saga . 
  very big shoes to fill . 
  how likely is a coalition between \u00d6vp and fp\u00d6 ? 
   the nsa documents leaked by edward snowden revealed that the united kingdom , a major member of the european union , hacked belgium and was spying on the european commission through the ghcq on the behalf of the americans . 
  all the european commission data was sent to the americans . 
  this happened while we were negociating the ttip trade deal with the united states . 
  the same uk that has for years been a very reluctant partner and just voted to quit the eu . 
  he was now arrested in hungary . 
  he 's the prime example for the horseshoe theory , since he was a founding member of the red army faction ( a german far left terrorist group ) and later switched to neo-nazism . 
  thats not the total cost in the article . 
   the national audit office estimates the additional cost to consumers under the `` strike price '' will be # 29.7 billion . 
  one of the problems with the eprs is cost overrun . 
  some are very brown and dirty . 
  i 'll talk to the mods . 
  does my comment not show up ? 
  #turkey bets on fake news in advertisement campaign ** the ankara government is currently working hard to win investors for turkey . 
  the campaign uses an interview with the deputy managing director of the german chamber of commerce . 
  but the conversation has never happened . 
  ** the advertising campaign of the turkish government abroad produces a new and peculiar gaffe . 
  after the regime first hired the managers of international companies to praise turkey as a business location , ankara now seems to rely on made-up interviews . 
  on thursday , a whole advertising page appeared in the * frankfurter allgemeine zeitung * , which advertised the country as a suitable destination for tourists and investors alike .
