  confirmation by the lower house . 
  this is a point of contention because the pis government has taken control of parts of the media already . 
  it reeks of a power grab . 
  pls no google translate . 
  god will this `` you do n't need armoured vehicles nowadays '' bullshit ever stop ? 
  stereotypes are n't always based on the truth . 
  the germans were called krauts even though the americans ate more sauerkraut than the germans . 
  it 's a common stereotype about british people . 
  just a joke . 
  yeah . 
  the brits since they only use it twice a year . 
  yeah i read your comment yesterday . 
  i submitted the reuters link in / r/lesscredibledefense . 
  or a swiss bank vault . 
  in forms of private and public investments not bailouts or guarantees . 
  [ are you telling me that germany does n't have the most beautiful aircraft ? 
  ] ( https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/category:messerschmitt_me_163b_at_national_museum_usaf?uselang=de#/media/file:messerschmitt_me_163b_usaf.jpg ) [ ridiculous !, 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:1944_bachem_ba_349_natter_r_anagoria.jpg ) / s, 
  the british [ had plans for a new fighter jet since the early 70s ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eurofighter_typhoon#origins ) . 
  the eurofighter filled that spot . 
  did n't it spend the initial ~ 10 years in development hell due to different requirements and french insistence on leading the project ? 
  i would hazard the guess that the involved parties learned something from that experience . 
  roadmap to be announced in 2018 . 
  usual time between starting the development and commissioning is around 20 years . 
  i can see germany leasing/buying some stealth fighters until then . 
  [ the council of europe is n't happy either . 
  ] ( http://abcnews.go.com/international/wirestory/council-europe-criticizes-poland-judicial-vote-48606940 ), 
  the ft.com article does n't even mention the european council . 
  he posts in / r/the _ donald . 
  i guess not . 
  she 's one of the few good politicians from the german pirate party . 
  ( probably even the only one ) i hope she gets reelected . 
  the joint european project that was proposed recently by airbus ? 
  it could take decades for the planes to come into service . 
  i would like the german airforce to use european models but there is no way that a new program started now would be ready in time . 
  wrong sub ? 
  i 'm getting ck2 flashbacks . 
  the environment could n't support it . 
  it 's just reacting very slowly . 
  sadly they did n't have the same reservations regarding czechoslovakia . 
  why are there so many britons coming from eastern europe ? 
  sorry for ruptly . 
  it would be better to use more colors instead . 
  blitzer or starenkasten ( starling nest box ) . 
  even if you pack in all the elderflowers you can the flavor wo n't be strong enough to overcome the taste of most fruit juices . 
  funded by a morally questionable businessman and build between 1994 and 2004 . 
  never tried that but i think it would work . 
  it 's the catalyst for the sugar inversion ( splitting the sucrose into fructose and glucose ) . 
  inverted sugar solutions do n't crystallize and provide a better shelf life . 
  prosecco or sparkling water . 
  i remember that there was a proposal to use the unused energy from german renewables to pump water into the hydroelectric dams in scandinavia . 
  i guess we never did that on a large scale . 
  truly outstanding what romania is doing for the environment . 
  there are even bridges for rivers that allow ships to pass . 
  [ like this one . 
  ] ( https://de.wikipedia.org/wiki/datei:wasserstrassenkreuz_minden.jpg ) it 's the mittellandkanal crossing the weser . 
  #elderflower cordial sugar syrup : * 3 kg sugar * 2400 ml water * 3 teaspoons citric acid boil for 10 minutes to make an inverted sugar syrup . 
  elderflower cordial : let it cool down to ~ 50 \u00b0 c and add 3 sliced lemons and a metric shitton of elderflowers . 
  do n't wash the flowers or collect them after it has been raining . 
  put something on the solid ingredients to avoid tht they float to the surface . 
  put a lid on the pot and let it rest for 4-5 days . 
  pour the syrup through a sieve to filter out the tiny insects . 
  that 's the spirit !, 
  or the beer . 
  whatever you prefer . 
  thanks to the polish government bussing them in to meet trump . 
  the public 's perception of crime and actual crime rate can differ greatly . 
  i 'd like to see this map and a map of violent crime rate next to each other . 
  the battle-lines are drawn . 
  when the world 's big trading nations convene this week at a g20 summit in hamburg , the stage is set for a clash between a protectionist america and a free-trading germany . 
  president donald trump has already pulled out of one trade pact , the trans-pacific partnership , and demanded the renegotiation of another , the north american free-trade agreement . 
  he is weighing whether to impose tariffs on steel imports into america , a move that would almost certainly provoke retaliation . 
  the threat of a trade war has hung over the trump presidency since january . 
  in contrast , angela merkel , germany 's chancellor and the summit 's host , will bang the drum for free trade . 
  in a thinly veiled attack on mr trump , she delivered a speech on june 29th condemning the forces of protectionism and isolationism . 
  an imminent free-trade deal between japan and the european union will add substance to her rhetoric ( see article ) . 
  there is no question who has the better of this argument . 
  mr trump 's doctrine that trade must be balanced to be fair is economically illiterate . 
  his belief that tariffs will level the playing field is naive and dangerous : they would shrink prosperity for all . 
  but in one respect , at least , mr trump has grasped an inconvenient truth . 
  he has admonished germany for its trade surplus , which stood at almost $ 300bn last year , the world 's largest ( china 's hoard was a mere $ 200bn ) . 
  his threatened solution -- to put a stop to sales of german cars -- may be self-defeating , but the fact is that germany saves too much and spends too little . 
  and the size and persistence of germany 's savings hoard makes it an awkward defender of free trade . 
  ** imperfect harmony ** at bottom , a trade surplus is an excess of national saving over domestic investment . 
  in germany 's case , this is not the result of a mercantilist government policy , as some foreigners complain . 
  nor , as german officials often insist , does it reflect the urgent need for an ageing society to save more . 
  the rate of household saving has been stable , if high , for years ; the increase in national saving has come from firms and the government . 
  underlying germany 's surplus is a decades-old accord between business and unions in favour of wage restraint to keep export industries competitive ( see article ) . 
  such moderation served germany 's export-led economy well through its postwar recovery and beyond . 
  it is an instinct that helps explain germany 's transformation since the late 1990s from europe 's sick man to today 's muscle-bound champion . 
  there is much to envy in germany 's model . 
  harmony between firms and workers has been one of the main reasons for the economy 's outperformance . 
  firms could invest free from the worry that unions would hold them to ransom . 
  the state played its part by sponsoring a system of vocational training that is rightly admired . 
  in america the prospects for men without college degrees have worsened along with a decline in manufacturing jobs -- a cause of the economic nationalism espoused by mr trump . 
  germany has not entirely escaped this , but it has held on to more of the sorts of blue-collar jobs that america grieves for . 
  this is one reason why the populist afd party remains on the fringes of german politics . 
  but the adverse side-effects of the model are increasingly evident . 
  it has left the german economy and global trade perilously unbalanced . 
  pay restraint means less domestic spending and fewer imports .
