  why not just force all tall people into service ? 
  they 'll be able to fight better than smaller people . 
  you do n't want to conscript , and you do n't want to join nato ? 
  institutionalized sexism is the answer !, 
  enjoy your second-rate country . 
  that 's pathetic . 
  i 'm very happy i do n't live in finland . 
  if you 're going to a university , can you defer the service ? 
  that 's stupid . 
  unless you like the inequality and want to make more of it , it dose n't make any sense to be like `` women are discriminated against so let 's make more discrimination ! '', 
  it should be both genders though . 
  it 's a fucking embarrasment to their democracy . 
  yes , now back to demonizing israel for ... the exact same thing . 
  yeah , any coverage of muslims doing bad things is highly covered up , but when christians or jews do anything it 's breaking news . 
  he 's saying that you should know how vulnerable christians in mena are because of your history . 
  you ignoring that would be like me saying `` there 's no way that black africans in mozambique are being enslaved . 
  we should worry about the whites in south africa ! '', 
   it 's not possible to resettle the whole of iraq and syria in western europe & nbsp ; watch fredrik reinfeldt try to ... 
  once again , you would n't excuse islamiphobia as being because of the actions of saudi arabia . 
  so why excuse anti-semitism as being because of israel ? 
  wait what happened, 
  i still think that reddit is very left-wing , at least by u.s. standards , but i do know that any israel supporter used to be downvoted into oblivion , which is n't the case now . 
  nobody tell him . 
  exactly !, 
  here 's the explanation : `` the ihdi is the actual level of human development ( accounting for inequality ) '' and the unadjusted calculations for `` the hdi can be viewed as an index of `` potential '' human development ( or the maximum ihdi that could be achieved if there were no inequality ) . '', 
  singapore is an english speaking country . 
  not kidding . 
  ironically the inequality adjusted one is the real one , the plain hdi is the potential number that the countries could hit with current resources . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  a majority is from anti-semitic immigrants , and it is unexcusable , even with israel 's actions . 
  you would n't excuse attacks on muslims because of 9/11 , and so attacks on jews because of israel is also unacceptable . 
  also , you do realize that jews in europe are n't israeli , right ? 
  but you 're excusing anti-semitism by acting as if israeli actions excuse the hating of all jews . 
  would you start posting about isis in an islamiphobia thread ? 
  also , muslim groups carry out far worse attacks against muslims . 
  it shouldnt matter who 's being attacked anyway . 
  how come these immigrants are n't protesting slave labor in qatar ? 
   it 's rather obvious if you think about it . 
  & nbsp ; no , it clearly is not . 
  please do ? 
  & nbsp ; btw , sorry that i insulted you . 
  i tend to lose myself sometimes ... 
  no , you bitched about palestinian mistreatment . 
  you have failed to show how that has to do with european jews or how that shows european muslims are oppressed . 
  nice job responding to my points . 
  o wait . 
  also , how do anti-semitic attacks in europe have anything to do with israel ? 
  that 's happening to immigrants in europe ? 
  til . 
  but really , you are a moron . 
  those immigrants attacking jews are n't oppressed in any way , and most arent from palestine . 
  oh yeah me too , but it 's not the normal muslims who should be kept out . 
  when i get to a computer i 'll provide proof to those claims . 
  and yet somehow they 're driving out jews and making the streets not safe to walk on for women . 
  this guy is just a little twit who makes up a bunch of arguments , and then when you destroy them he runs away . 
  they should be sent back to morocco . 
  really though . 
  i 'm jewish , and i find it fucking incredible how in the name of `` never again '' they 're letting all of these anti-semites in . 
  ironic that those poor poor oppressed minorities are the ones attacking jews nowadays . 
  they 're considered scum though , and are constantly protested against . 
  it is n't considered racist to do so either !, 
  not true . 
  these people who identify as moroccans are moroccans , and it 's your scummy culture that has caused these terrorists to rise , not sweden 's . 
  seriously ? 
  dude i 'm starting to hope that geert wilders wins ... 
  i 'd love to see that press release , and it 's worth noting that this is after he made statements like `` i neither support israel nor anti-semitism '' like they 're the same thing . 
  leftist europeans blame the attacks on israel all the time , just look on here . 
  also , the victim blaming kinda happened twice . 
  in one country . 
  with one party . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ilmar_reepalu http://www.thelocal.se/20130411/47270, 
  as a jew i 'd rather have her in power than someone like the left-wing , who claim to support jews but blame anti-semitic attacks on the victims . 
  '' `` the jews of france are frenchmen , they 're at home here , and they must stay here and not emigrate . 
  the country is obligated to provide solutions to the development of radical islam in the problematic regions '' . 
  & nbsp ; do n't be stupid , we can see the people yelling allah akbar in the streets , and they are n't fn supporters . 
  i had a tour guide who was roma and half-arab . 
  he was bilingual , educated , and politically informed . 
  it 's funny how people say roma never become successful and then ignore them when they are /, 
  i hope they use live ammo on the `` protestors '' this time . 
  because they 're totally responsible for the actions of their government . 
   a very close friend of minister of agriculture and noted person who looks at things & nbsp ; holy shit , this label encompasses like 90 % of all leaders . 
  i get what you 're saying , but you have to remember that that news source is the absolutely batshit source , that is widely derided by other media . 
   but , anyways , if you ever want to swing by - latvia is always welcoming to any tourist of any age , colour and sexuality ( surprisingly ) & nbsp ; sweet , i 'd love to come some time !, 
  & nbsp ;  i 'm really sorry there was a large amount of my country men who did unspeakable things to your ancestors during the holocaust . 
  : / & nbsp ; it 's ok , they got out in time first of all , but it 's also important to let things from the past go . 
  honestly , i harbor more anger towards modern countries that are anti-semitic . 
  is latvia in a similar situation as germany , where it 's widely recognized how terrible the holocaust was ? 
  fuck it why not let the entire middle east into western countries . 
  we would n't want to be racist , right ? 
  let 's ignore than a minority that has actually been oppressed , the jews , are actually suffering the most from the immigration . 
  & nbsp ; but seriously , this bullshit is n't going to stop the women being harassed on the street . 
  you need to find a way to fix that . 
  also the fact that if it were n't for foreigners oslo would be rape free . 
   young folk who would otherwise go on to become productive members of society . 
  & nbsp ; i do n't know how productive potential jihadists would be ... 
  we would n't want to be racist now , would we ? 
   the jewish museum in trondheim has been closed . 
  & nbsp ; becuz of israel !!! 111 !, 
  i 'm very confused too ... 
  would merkel choose whether to put sanctions on russia , or would the eu parliament members vote ?
