  funny how you never bring up the fact that your country has a draft . 
  only for men too . 
  this is very sexist and it costs men a year of their lives . 
  but no , let 's talk about penises instead . 
   what other parts of children 's bodies do you think communities should be permitted to have the right to destroy ? 
  & nbsp ; ... do you really think circumcision destroys a child 's genitals ? 
  yeah fuck that guy . 
  for those not aware , neo-nazis like to say things like `` remember the ( large number ) '' . 
  `` go '' is short for goyim , a term anti-semites think jews use to describe people from other ethnicity or religions . 
  i have never heard someone say that word in real life ... 
  i 'm jewish and das ' gross, 
  tldr ; ai n't nobody got time for human rights in malaysia . 
  `` fortress europe '' ? 
  are they insane ? 
  what possible reality could they live in where it was hard or challenging to get into europe ( and get free money ) ? 
  sweden is expiriencing mass immigration . 
  ... stupid kids do n't usually do something like that . 
  but ok , that is an interesting and important perspective you have . 
  remember that the media is fairly biased though . 
  no , but i want you to see why immigration in mass numbers might not be a good thing in sweden . 
  exactly . 
  it 's ridiculous how people ca n't understand that not all immigrants are the same . 
  you know , i really want to think so , i do , but i just see so many people saying it 's worse than described . 
  i will post links soon . 
  plus i know the anti-semitism thing is true . 
  a holocaust survivor was called a liar when she went in to a school in which immigrant children were the majority . 
  i love multiculturalism in the u.s. , but is it possible that it 's not working in sweden ? 
  no , but they should limit and make sure those that they 're letting in are n't going to do bad things . 
  & nbsp ;  are poorer people with few social safety nets ( family , friends , etc ) more likely to commit crime ? 
  sure . 
  but the point in your quote you should be focussing on is this & nbsp ; come on . 
  neighborhoods that even ambulances ca n't go to because of the immigrants who would attack them is not normal . 
  in fact , in my country immigrants are less likely to commit crimes , and we have a shitty social safety net system . 
  there is no excuse . 
  yup, 
  the jews living now were n't around when the nakba happened . 
  haha you do realize that arabs live in israel , and are in the parliament and supreme court right ? 
  dumbass, 
  oh god yes . 
  the swedish media would shit itself . 
  for all those who are lost , he 's making the common neo-nazi assertion that da jooz are forcing europe to take in massive amounts of immigrants from third world countries , even though this would completely fuck up israel 's relationship with these countries . 
  do you say the same about saudi arabia and muslims ? 
  i 'm a jew . 
  i definitely do not oppose the existence of israel , but i do oppose what 's happening to the palestinians . 
  i 'd bet 50 e ^ $ ^ ~ !, 
  on that . 
  btw , spain is a lovely country . 
  that 's so aweful . 
  you should tell people like / u/savannahjeff your story ... 
  how are they not socially liberal ? 
  poor kurds are always losing out ... 
  ... he got downvoted for that . 
  dose n't that say the opposite of what you 're trying to say ? 
  ... you do realize that there are very few palestinian expatriates in sweden right ? 
  99 % of the time it 's just anti-semitic foreigners . 
   the reason why the american media called dictator to hugo chavez in venezuela and not rajoy at spain and orban at hungary is very obvious . 
  & nbsp ; i actually heard very little about chavez from our media , mostly because i 'm fairly young and it 's been a while . 
  thanks for the perspectie though . 
  & nbsp ;  i distrust him because it sound fantastic . 
  do you promise everything that is popular and do n't give details about are you going to do it ? 
  come on !, 
  i may vote him but i do n't trust him . 
  & nbsp ; my thoughts exactly . 
   hat n hand & nbsp ; yes , [ this ] ( http://acelebrationofwomen.org/wp-content/uploads/2011/07/buddhist_leader_dalai_lama_and_obama.jpg ) guys looks like someone afraid of the all-powerful china . 
   he simply promises the things that the people wants : a progressive tax system , retirement at 60 years , basic income , nationalization of the energy cartel assets ( does n't promises this for all the sectors but the private monopolies of the energy sector are very unpopular ) , not paying the banks debts that the current government has promised to pay , getting back the fully universal health care , more democracy & nbsp ; this sounds fantastic , and ( in regards to your flag ) i would really like to see the monarchy abolished and the spanish republic reestablished too , but whenever people with connections to dictators like chavez run i 'm always a bit iffy . 
  i actually just debated with people on / r/socialism about the people stalin killed . 
  they 're completely brainwashed . 
  i hope podemos dose n't take a turn for the batshit once they get more power . 
  ah , does it pass by the graves of the millions of tibetans tortured to death ? 
   i do n't like the sand niggers either & nbsp ; this is not an acceptable thing to write . 
  go back to stormfront . 
  wait how were they designed to target white people ? 
  exactly !, 
  latin america is a mix of lots of ethnicity . 
  there are scandinavian looking people , and very black people . 
  i 've heard this argument . 
  the thing is , their right to have a chance at life and to be able to escape poverty is more important than a racial ideal . 
  i hope . 
   i perceive egalitarianism and tolerance as a key issue for my society to be able to function acceptably . 
  & nbsp ; i do too , but being tolerant to sexism , anti-semitism , and rampant crime is 100 % unacceptable . 
  in countries like sweden and france there are immigrant areas that regular people and ambulances ca n't go to , because it is too dangerous now . 
  & nbsp ; tolerance and acceptance are essential , but they should not come at the cost of destroying previously safe areas and countries . 
  somebody from spain or who knows about it : just how left-wing is this guy ? 
  is he like hollande , or is he a downright socialist or marxist ( yes i know hollande is a member of the socialist party , but france is not a socialist country ) ? 
  & nbsp ; also , where would be a good source ( in english or spanish ) where i could learn about spanish politics ? 
  i completely agree . 
  i almost want to start my own , and lay down guidelines like `` no personal attacks while debating '' and of course `` no government run news stations '' . 
   belarus signing association agreement & nbsp ; what exactly is that ? 
  oh good point . 
  they are usually considered central america , in a no-mans land between the two americas , and are n't included in na for international statistics . 
  i do want them to win though !, 
  ^ ^ sorry ^ ^ dutch ^ ^ bros, 
  spell aisle right , and then we 'll talk . 
  yup july 4th is big deal, 
  german german german german, 
   he 's in for a bit of bombs . 
  lets deliver it, 
  you do n't even live here, 
  and ... you know ... it 's incredibly sexist . 
  you 're basically stalin .
