  u wot m8t, 
  in the u.s. cup would be correct . 
  american english best english . 
  it 's sure as fuck not coming to north america . 
  apparently in some countries . 
  backwards sexism ? 
  like having a draft for only one gender ? 
  norway is a absolutely lovely place . 
  the people , the policies , the nature , the food . 
  and the left wing protects and coddles these monsters . 
  send them back . 
  it slowly creeps across the land ... 
  could someone explain the meaning of her shirt to an ignorant american ? 
  the bottom part says `` valencia country '' but i dot understand the top part . 
  as an american jew i would like to say that i am very much in solidarity with ukraine and i really wish you guys the best  . 
  ha what ? 
  this comment was n't even about israel . 
  i was merely pointing out that this guy is a liar . 
  hold off on the martyrdom . 
  but seriously , why is n't he in prison ? 
  he was convicted multiple times . 
  are your laws really so shitty that you ca n't stick him in jail ? 
  they didnt endure struggles ? 
  really ? 
  i don ` t see how the race of the workers makes a difference ... but otherwise right on . 
  i thought you just said that 54 % of moderates disagree with their pro-immigration policies ? 
  this guy isn \u00b4 t a zionist israeli . 
  he posts all over \\ r \\ iran ... & nbsp ; he wrote , about the occupation , `` because your country is oppressing innocent palestinians , make their lives a miserable hell , and the people of the world of conscience will not tolerate it any longer . \u00a8 & nbsp ; also `` jidf rat post ; did not read '' . 
  & nbsp ; he wrote this comment to try to weaken the anti-semitic accusation . 
   i do n't know about other nationalities but with all the hate and discrimination against romanians that live and work in the uk , they contributed to the country budget more than they took from it . 
  ( there is a report somewhere that illustrates that , i am sure someone will be able to find it & nbsp ; he wasn \u00b4 t asking about the affect on the richer countries . 
  you said it can \u00b4 t be us vs. them . 
  this includes dealings with islamic nutjobs . 
  they are mad at the current immigration policies and sd offers an alternative . 
  great idea !, 
  let \u00b4 s be buddies with islamic extremists !, 
  but then sweden will be fucked as they are inundated with brainwashed morons . 
   also a recent study said that 53 % of moderates are against the current immigration policies . 
  & nbsp ; this is why they \u00b4 re so afraid of sd . 
  there isn \u00b4 t : o. i \u00b4 m in madrid , but i was in barcelona . 
  here the economy is seemingly decent . 
  really ? 
  that 's so cool . 
  not able to watch the video right now , but let me say do n't compare the two . 
  this is sooo true . 
  i 'm in spain and immigrants running with merchandise from cops is very common . 
  well no shit . 
  but destroying their own countries is not the way to do it . 
  how dare these racists bring facts and figures and proof showing that excessive immigration from backwards countries is bad for first world countries !, 
  you do n't get to shatter my fragile worldview !, 
  is ... is this real life ? 
  somebody is actually bringing this level of crazy to a thread ? 
  meh , obama has deported more immigrants than bush , and our immigrants are n't really even close to as harmful . 
  but sort of . 
  oops my bad . 
  did they really ? 
  i 'm in barca right now !, 
  it 's interesting , everything is in catalan the language , and the schools teach in catalan . 
  they do seem to like being spanish though , and everyone speaks spanish . 
  it 's downright hypocritical to ban circumcision but not the draft . 
  why do n't you ban the men only draft first ? 
  am circumcised . 
  can confirm dick is not destroyed . 
  thanks for the blog . 
  i 'll stick to actual medical journals though . 
  ... he 's right ... who 's fault is it ? 
  remember , this means something very different in the u.s. 
  but dude , the muslim girls never asked for that or agreed to it . 
  but would n't removing a mole or a birth defect be the same ? 
  you have a draft only for males . 
  it is simply fallacious to pretend this a gender equality issue for denmark . 
  why not just say follow danish culture or gtfo ? 
  why do you need to evolve to accept barbaric acts ? 
  enough with this `` white people are so evil '' bullshit . 
  lol, 
  democracies represent 28 of the top 30 well-off countries . 
  also , monarchies do n't have to follow tradition , look at henry xi . 
  you seem to have . 
  glorified view of monarchies ... 
  the reason some of those monarchies are so successful is that the monarchy is powerless . 
  you 're arguing against democracies in favor of monarchies , but all successful monarchies have powerless monarchs . 
  or oil . 
  also , nk is a monarch , run by one family , with absolute power . 
  europe was miserable under their monarchies , hence the revolutions . 
  how many of them have had a revolution recently . 
  so ... the king is the only thing keeping you from a fascist dictatorship at this point ? 
  really ? 
  wow , i had no idea royalist brainwashing still existed ... also , without the climate in europe at the time franco could not have risen . 
  i agree completely . 
  & nbsp ; random side-note : i leave for spain tomorrow !, 
  thank you very much romanianbro !, 
  it 's the thought that counts !, 
  ah sorry , `` va a '' is a mexican phrase usually . 
  and i like the queen and all , but come on , is n't the whole system a bit silly for our modern world ? 
  north korea is basically a monarchy . 
  how exactly would a king be chosen ? 
  also , has it ever hit you that his son/daughter could be incredibly fucked up ? 
  & nbsp ; 2 . i do n't see why . 
  the world is in a period of peace and relative prosperity that it has never seen before . 
  the idea that we should go back to the dark ages politically is absolutely ludicrous .
