he 's the type of person who believes that the west is the most evil and vile thing in the world , even though he 'd be shot instantly on entry into any `` eastern '' country . 
  erm ... 
  if the allies wanted to stop hitler 's invasion of poland they could n't have helped him . 
  there 's also the whole `` holocaust '' thing , though i doubt you believe in that anyway ... 
  i 'd have to say that the atrocities of stalin were equal to that of hitler , but trying to find a `` winner '' between them is ludicrous . 
  thankfully people are starting to wake up to what stalin did . 
  it 's fucking scary how entrapped that is in turkish culture . 
  the turkish students union at stanford released a statement saying that the genocide did n't happen . 
  at stanford . 
  they attend one of the top unis in the world , and yet are n't even above blind nationalism . 
  it 's unbelievable . 
  honestly he still has a bit to go atrocity-wise before he reaches the level of some modern regimes such as china 's . 
  i just wish he would stop acting so ridiculous ... 
  the far left-wing and far right wing look more and more alike every day . 
  often times they support the same things for different reasons . 
  except where i live ( us ) . 
  the far-left and right are both batshit crazy , and yet completely contradictory ... 
  i 'm really sad to hear this . 
  i really like gorbachev and expected more from him . 
  trilingual . 
  nice . 
   there soviets in there hearts and minds . 
  & nbsp ; it 's really horrible that people could swear allegiance to such a fucked-up former country . 
  could you start a campaign to try to convince them to emigrate to russia ? 
  that 's a really strong accusation ... 
  but that 's where you 're wrong . 
  not only are jews ethnically middle-eastern , but half of the israeli jews lived in the middle east and west asia during diaspora . 
  ashkenazi jews , the ones who loved in europe and most of those in the us , are genetically middle eastern . 
  also , would you tell someone from canada that they were from africa or europe , and so they needed to leave ? 
  & nbsp ; i agree about the land stealing part , but i just find it interesting you dont seem to mind when tibetans get their land stolen . 
  & nbsp ; edit : also , do you think jews from new york are indigionous to new york ? 
  i think some native americans would like a word . 
  really ? 
  ukrainians are not indigenous to ukraine ? 
  tibetans are not indigenous to tibet ? 
  ti-fucking-l . also , you do realize that jews are originally from the middle east , and are genetically middle-eastern , right ? 
  yeah , but that was when war was n't nearly as destructive as it is now . 
  the real problem is with third-world immigration , but at least he can be pretending to do something with this . 
  except that 20 % of israel 's population is non-jewish . 
  and they take in far more asylum seekers than , say , australia or japan . 
  plus , considering , they are threatened , it would make sense for their leaders to emphasize that . 
  first of all , i 'm not israeli . 
  second of all , no , but why is europe obsessing over israel ? 
  broken clocks are right twice a day . 
  erm idk if you want to do that . 
  do you want to do the same for china and russia ? 
  yeah totally / s, 
  countries such as china and saudi arabia act far worse . 
  it 's not radical to want to exist . 
  also , here is the defiition for ultranationalism : & nbsp ; `` ultranationalism is a zealous nationalism that expresses extremist support for one 's nationalist ideals . 
  it is often characterized by authoritarianism , efforts toward reduction or stoppage of immigration , expulsion and or oppression of non-native populations within the nation or its territories , demagoguery of leadership , emotionalism , fomenting talk of presumed , real , or imagined enemies , predicating the existence of threats to the survival of the native , dominant or otherwise idealized national ethnicity or population group , instigation or extremist reaction to crack-down policies in law enforcement , efforts to limit international trade through tariffs , tight control over businesses and production , militarism , populism and propaganda . 
  prevalent ultranationalism typically leads to or is the result of conflict within a state , and or between states , and is identified as a condition of pre-war in national politics . '', 
  & nbsp ; do i need to \\ explain how each one of these dose n't apply to israel . 
  idk if you know this , but in the examples you claimed , genocide * did * happen . 
  also , the iran example is another example of how ridiculous the arab states are at the moment . 
  while i 'm sure those things have an effect ( or those that are really happening ) the fact is it would still be poor regardless . 
  i agree , but the lack of criticisms of these regimes show true hypocrisy . 
  so nationalists movements are bad , except for the palestinian one which you seem to support ... alright then . 
  well , we had that riot in france in which they burned synogogues and jewish stores , the neo-nazis chants during `` anti-israel '' protests in germany , the hitler salutes in the uk , and the assault and ethnic slur of a jewish american by a student `` for justice in palestine '' . 
  and you still ca n't explain why europe is so obsessed with israel but dosent seem to care about tibet or darfur . 
  then go ahead and provide examples . 
  dude , i hate to break it to you , but half of the people opposed to israel are anti-semitic . 
  oh yes , the classic `` call for genocide to rally up supporters '' move . 
  that happens everywhere !, 
  i 'd like to see proof of that . 
  regardless , how do you define zionism ? 
  we could affect them just as well as we could affect israel . 
  well hamas officially stated they wanted to kill all jews , and israel has done nothing of the sort . 
  but since cyridius once stated that israel is as bad as hamas , i doubt this is of consequence to him . 
  while i agree hamas and the settlements suck , the reason the west bank is so poor is because it has a populace with some pretty crazy views . 
  there 's a reason why palestine 's development level is pretty close to egypt 's, 
  israel ha lifted the blockade and given gaza elections before the rockets came flying in . 
  the settlements are ridiculous , but this is not a one-sided issue . 
  they did n't say that this attempt by sweden was anti-semitism . 
  not really . 
  the west is more critical of israel than it is of far more oppressive regimes ( china , sudan , saudi arabia , qatar , uae , etc. ), 
  :( its sad . 
  i actually care about palestine too , but i can see through the intentions of those who are so passionate for them . 
  kk , i 'll mark native american on my next college application and when they ask me why i 'll say i `` feel '' native american . 
  yup , i wish people actually gave a fuck about tibet . 
  to start , tibet is n't lobbing rockets at china , nor are they saying all han chinese should die . 
  but china is torturing and murdering peaceful protestors , and from 1950-1970 1.2 million tibetans were murdered, 
  we can play semantics , but the fact remains that jews share an ancestral past , and a curren reality . 
  plus , it can be used for both of our definitions . 
  the us census asks for ethnicity , for an example , and even people who do n't speak german mark `` german '' and so on . 
  do you feel the sam about tibet ? 
  what 's funny to me is thy china is doing the same and worse and tibet , and yet it is n't drawin near this kind of recognition and upsetness by the europeans . 
  no , an ethnicity is defined by place of origin . 
  white americans are christians , but they are not ethnically ugandans just because uganda practices christianity . 
  you damn well know that jews are genetically ethnic . 
  i reiterate : to me it 's funny how colonialist guilt often far overpowers ww2 guilt , hence the excusing of rabid anti-semitism coming from the arab immigrants by the media . 
  & nbsp ;  there 'll come a time when germans say `` alright enough it was x years ago get over it , its time for germans to set german foreign policy '' . 
  & nbsp ; saying the jews run germany ? 
  ha , only te jews would get blamed for supporting the left wing from the right and supporting the right wing from the left . 
  but to me it 's funny how colonialist guilt often far overpowers ww2 guilt , hence the excusing of rabid anti-semitism coming from the arab immigrants by the media . 
  honestly that 's a pretty big problem with our society right now ... we need a left wing victory like crazy at the moment . 
  i think we 're good  http://www.timeshighereducation.co.uk/world-university-rankings/2014-15/world-ranking, 
  very good . 
  thank you . 
  you 're on an american site so i 'd ask the same .
