  obama is that big of a deal ? 
  is it like that when merkel or anyone like that visits ? 
  if noone can form a coalition without them or without bringing in an opposition party suddenly they will be making a big difference . 
  but it works differently in sweden . 
  sweden 's birthrate is actually above 2 . 
  which makes even sillier . 
  sd was polling at like 11 % , and do n't they usually do better than expected ? 
  and for normal people fed up with immigration . 
  yes , but the anti-immigration party looks like they might do well . 
  maybe , i think as a congressman i would not take any group like this seriously . 
  i am a liberal , though . 
  sd is banned from the debates also , and many papers refuse to run their ads . 
  in that sense , it is national . 
  ... what ? 
  want to try to debate that this ad was racist ? 
  that 's so sad . 
  oh it 's national . 
  it made me cringe harder . 
  i 'm american . 
  meh , the u.s. still has a better record than like sudan and nk , but yeah , the ass-kissing is fucking embarrassing . 
  what the fuck were those people thinking as they wrote that ? 
  was confuse for a sec , than i realized who you were referring to . 
  he 's such a moron . 
  one time he said that israel was as bad as is and tried to explain why , and when i easily dismissed all of his points he ran away . 
  enjoy , sweden . 
  of course the guy 's on welfare . 
  i can basically guarantee that it will happen at some point . 
   you will probably still believe that while they behead your children and rape your wife out of no where , the same way it happens in iraq or syria . 
  & nbsp ; i ca n't really understand this ? 
  would you trying to say that he thinks that it magically wo n't happen in sweden , like it happens in syria ? 
  if so , you 're right . 
  the point about immigrants stands . 
  yes there was . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o4twi1i4_nk . and i 'm not saying that all muslims should be hated on . 
  but still , there was that two generation period . 
  islam used to be the most peaceful religion though . 
  seriously . 
  about 500 years ago jews were accepted in muslim countries and burned in fires in christian ones . 
   however , you could argue that dutch immigration policy has become stricter because of fortuyn 's influence , and these days it 's easy for political parties to win votes by saying they will limit the number of immigrants - although in practice , we have european laws for that . 
  & nbsp ; so he definitely did have an effect . 
  it 's sad that he was killed , and that his party discenigrated . 
  thanks for the info . 
  is wilders 's part arguable a product of his ? 
  i 'm preeety sure that massive crowds of immigrants have been moving through the streets yelling `` death to the jews '' and attacking synagogues . 
  oddly enough , we have great ethnic food in the u.s. , and yet no sharia law supporting morons . 
  crazy , right ? 
  this is truly retarted . 
  neither of you have a response him , because he 's right , so you just bitch and call him racist . 
  these fucktards will succeed in accomplishing hitler 's goal of driving dee juden out of germany . 
  dude , islamic spain before the inquisition was very peaceful . 
  but middle eastern culture , and not idlam in particular , is causing this . 
  the uk does not have as bad a problem with extremists as saudi arabia . 
  isis supporters takin to the streets mere weeks after jews had been attacked is a big fuckin deal . 
  open your eyes . 
  he sounds kinda awesome . 
  what 's the best his party did ? 
  not grouping them all , but there clearly is a problem . 
  also , the discrimination pales in comarising to that other groups faced , and they did n't form ghettos so bad that ambulences needed police escorts to get into . 
  how is she doing that ? 
  btw , thanks for all the answers . 
  ... nice assumptions , but my ancestors came 100 years too late for that , and were oppressed when they did . 
  and ... 
  they still did n't riot or attack jews !, 
  & nbsp ; also , if there is no land , why are you bringing in so many immigrants ? 
  really ? 
  like what ? 
  also worth mentioning that my ancestors were actually discriminated against , and that they did n't receive free healthcare , housing , and college like te dutch immigrants . 
  good point . 
  i think i may be wrong . 
  it would 've been interesting to see how the revolution had turned out had the u.s. bordered the u.k. 
  i would really hope this would n't happen , but i think they 'd be our 51st state ... 
  what 's she doing to seem so right-wing ? 
  not european , but i wish my country 's politics were n't screwed so right wing and compassionless . 
  it 's really odd ; my ancestors were dirt poor immigrants who received far less help that modern-day dutch immigrants do . 
  this may seem crazy , but they did n't riot , try to establish sharia law , commit crimes , or attack jews . 
  crazy right ? 
  are n't they incredibly expensive though ? 
  you do n't see me defending what 's wrong with my country . 
  or you could ... abolish the forced labor . 
  this dose n't take away from the fact that a society that forces labor onto certain people because of the way that they were born is deeply flawed . 
   all you have to do is take a look at any thread on muslims or gypsies to see that europeans dont exactly embrace every minority with open arms & nbsp ; post some links of people yelling `` death to the muslims '' running through the streets . 
  dude , you 've been right on this whole thread . 
  i wish i had gold to give you . 
  because they 're backwards religious fuckers who abuse the free welfare and colleges and yet never even try to get out of the ghettos . 
  not with all the middle easterners moving in . 
  move back to north africa then . 
  my family endured actual institutionalized discrimination ( unlike yours ) , and my ethnic group did too , and yet i feel american . 
  you would not be as successful as you are without the french state , sorry to break it to you . 
   people are having only 1 child or less & nbsp ; that 's a lie . 
  not very upvoted , but this is kinda big , especially from a very left-wing party . 
  we do too . 
  any society that believes that people should be forced into labor for slave wages because of the gender they were born in is sick . 
  in the u.s. we actually believe in equality between the genders , so both men and women would have to serve . 
  enjoy having a male population of people who would rather be slaves than free people . 
  the conscrips are n't the ones voting for it , dumbass . 
  this is stupid . 
  are you going to argue that the u.s. should n't have stopped slavery , because it made life worse for the whites benifiting off slavery , and `` equality does n't mean that everybody is equally miserable . '', 
  & nbsp ; either fucking make civil service profitable or stop pretending to be a western democracy with equal rights . 
  alright , then force them into civil service . 
  forcing only one gender into service is silly .
