  that 's ... horrifying . 
  do n't they claim to like democracy ? 
  yes !, 
  the exact same thing has happened in the u.s. , but with child crime . 
  reporting is at its highest by far , and yet the actual rate recently hit an all-time low . 
  what debating tactics are particularly brutal of hers ? 
  this ruling is a fucking embarrassment . 
  for those wondering why people are voting for ukip , here you go . 
  also , for the last dang time , we have a 100 % better immigration system than europe . 
  you ca n't be a rapist or jihadist and get into our country . 
   if a muslim goes overseas and kills civilians , everyone would call him an extremist but when a non-muslim goes overseas and kills civilians , everyone calls him a veteran . 
  & nbsp ; was this a joke ? 
  mostly the articles i have read , and the teachers i have had . 
  i 've ended up reading a lot on wikipedia ( checking sources ) about the soviet union and the mass murders and atrocities stalin committed , and how it related to countries like north korea and china today . 
  my ancestors lived in a poor neighborhood , received no help , and were actively discriminated against . 
  this was barbaric and should never happen again , but the idea that the welfare and housing you provided and are providing simply is n't enough and that it 's somehow the host countries ' fault is absolutely ludicrous , and the claim that the immigrants lack culpability fallacious . 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  you also have to consider that that 's a proposal , and may be moderated . 
  & nbsp ; do you think the current system is working ? 
  no , the so-called fascist party is ok with immigration . 
  well no . 
  even the fn said that they wanted 10,000 immigrants a year , instead of 100,000 . 
  was hitler ever ok with 10,000 jews entering the country a year ? 
  yea , but do n't compare it to the 30 's and 40 's , when jews were already being sent to concentration camps . 
  concentration camps !, 
  how could you compare that to anti-immigrant sentiment ? 
  once again , it is incredibly offensive to actual minorities persecuted by the nationalists of the 30 's to make these stupid as fuck comparisons . 
  no , i do n't see anything in common with them . 
  comparing them to the nazi party is like me comparing obama to slave owners , it 's offensive and ridiculous . 
  but it is free money , as they get welfare . 
  i 'm not saying they should live in conditions like my immigrant ancestors ( not being able to afford shoes during the summer ) , but i 'm like 99 % sure that they did n't commit crimes ( like the vast majority of immigrants in france ) , but if they had , and if they had demanded something crazy like that there sons not be charged for rape because the girl was a whore anyway ( this actually happened ) , they would 've seen this . 
  they got free money , housing , education , healthcare , and welfare . 
  do n't even pretend this is a problem with the french . 
  how were they discriminated against ? 
  they should be grateful for all that their host societies have done for them . 
  no , you found someone who actually pays attention to things and dose n't immediately assume fn = nazis just because they 're both right wing . 
  besides that , i do n't think there is another similarity . 
  & nbsp ; also , sorry for saying `` fuck you '' , but that is an offensive statement you just made , not to the fn , but to members of the minority groups that survived the holocaust . 
  akin to me , as an american , starting to compare everything to slavery . 
  wow . 
  so much logic . 
  it 's ridiculous that there are anti-islamic and anti-arab sentiments , when really it 's the insane immigration laws that have caused this mess . 
  yea no fuck you . 
  do not even try to compare the two . 
  when we have people enforcing sharia law , and others committing `` honor killings '' , others still attacking jews , and even more carrying any-western and anti-french values , how the fuck could you think that the rights of citizens could get any worse with the fn in power ? 
  & nbsp ; you 're always going to have the few people laws like this affect , but what about what 's best for society ? 
  ... could someone explain to me what the national front are so bad ? 
  `` jews do n't care about anyone but their own kind . '', 
  are you really saying this is n't anti-semitic . 
  honestly , the immigrants , not all of them , but definitely some of them , have been responsible for anti-semitism , sexual harrasment , and crimes . 
  the left-wing parties have their head up their asses to not realize this . 
  i can post a video of the harassment if you want . 
  i know , as an american , it 's weird to imagine right-wingers actually having a point , but they do . 
  worth noting that most of these parties are not racist or anti-semitic , especially the first-world ones . 
  funny considering they used to depot them to russia , and to siberia . 
  hmmm ... how interesting . 
  thanks for the perspective . 
  i do wonder though , can people really not afford to have kids ? 
  i had always thought that the quality of life in europe was similar to that of the u.s. , but you seem to be describing a situation in which even engineers can barely afford to feed themselves . 
  why do n't they just move to the u.s. if post-college jobs really pay so horribly there ? 
  also , lol at the idea that those countries are overpopulated . 
  they should visit india . 
  really ? 
  hmm ... how interesting . 
  in the u.s. the first gen. immigrants usually have lots of kids , but then in the second generation there 's a sharp dropoff . 
  good for you . 
  your kids will learn alot from you when you have them . 
  i wonder why none of the natives are having kids then ... 
  do moroccan families do this even when in europe ? 
  also , enjoy the kids , 
  but usually in a healthy way , not in a our-country-has-no-more-kids way . 
  or people just keep having 2.1 kids , and the aging problem stays as is . 
  thats ... sad man . 
  yeah , i was just about to say that maybe dropping in population is n't the solution . 
  wow . 
  thanks for the insight . 
  let 's hope you can do that without any horrible things ( or moderately bad things , such as having a population overburdened with a pension system ) happening ... 
  ironically enough , the ex-soviet countries have population problems too :( . 
  start having sex already . 
  that 's really cool . 
  enjoy it man . 
  ha fascinating . 
  you guys should start reckoning soon . 
  but what about the aging population ? 
  i know that germany especially has been worried about their elders outpacing their workforce soon as far as number . 
  i 've been reading recently about the low birth rates in some european countries - 1.4 , 1.6 , etc. , and i kind of have to wonder : why are the birth rates so low ? 
  is there a reason people do n't seem to want to have multiple ( or more than one for that matter ) kids ? 
  thanks in advance for all the answers . 
  i was recently poking around on facebook and european pages after finding the german soccer player ozil 's page , where he has 17 million fans . 
  for kicks , i looked up angela merkel , who has 600,000 . 
  other european leaders and parties have similarily small numbers . 
  & nbsp ; i got to wondering , is `` liking '' political figures a weird thing to do on social networking in europe as a whole ? 
  i do n't really expect merkel to have more likes than a sports star on facebook , but the numbers for the european leaders were small , even adjusted for population , compared to u.s. figures . 
  & nbsp ; i looked up the voter turnout rate in germany , but their 71.5 % is much higher than the turnout for the last u.s. presidential election ( 59 % ) . 
  i know that facebook likes hardly show anything , but this still seemed funny to me . 
  & nbsp ; as a political junkie , i have a few other questions . 
  answer as many as you like . 
  are politics followed by a lot of people ? 
  my country is fairly politically apathetic , but almost the entire country watches presidential debates . 
  & nbsp ; i feel like i know the answer to this one : are average european citizens somewhat knowledgeable about the happenings in the world and in the surrounding countries ?
