  what ? 
  we 're talking about if putin invades , i 'm not trying to plan a bloody world war . 
  would you prefer we let you be invaded ? 
  why do you assume this ? 
  if they were escaping war zones , they would be taken at the point of first contact , which would make it a bit cofusing why they 're in germany ... 
   would you report a white , western world , person that 'd overstayed their visa as well ? 
  i 'm not trying to be accusatory , just curious . 
  is the prime minister there with obama too ? 
  if obama refused to do anything , then nato would fall apart , and american-european relations would be in complete chaos . 
  & nbsp ; plus , would n't it be possible to fight russia in the baltics while not shooting nuclear weapons at them ? 
  ... what ? 
  this is not a scientific issue . 
  and muslims have been let in as full citizens , with all of the very nice benefits of residing in europe . 
  sadly they still decided to act very poorly in many cases . 
  why not encourage a higher birthrate ? 
  they have made that effort . 
  it was not reciprocated . 
  would n't have happened had the rapists not been let in . 
  how sad : child rapes where allowed to go on because of a fear to upset a demanding an unreasonable minority . 
  why would they deny the problem do you think ? 
  stupid right-wingers and their dislike of rape !, 
  can someone tell what the article says ? 
  it wo n't load for me for some reason . 
  ok , that 's sensible , but does not excuse the anti-semitic protests . 
  from what i 've read , that is not true . 
  not ony do most of these studies ignore things like the atrocious cost of healthcare ( although they do mention it here ) and other things , but they ignore cost saving features of european countries suh as free college education and the fact that they do n't burn nearly as much fuel . 
  furthermore , credit suisse did a report on net worth per capita , and the results were horrifying for the u.s. & nbsp ; edit : duuude , i love our country too but telling everyone they have an inferiority complex is a bit much . 
  yes , but their claims are never backed up by facts and truth . 
  when adjusted for realities of the economy and of the difference between the two countries , this rating does not make sense . 
  plus , income inequality is massively worse in the u.s. 
  racist !, 
  ... my ancestors were immigrants , were actually discriminated against , and yet did n't join extremist groups . 
  stop making excuses . 
  yes . 
  putting people in asylums who want to ban free speech is restricting free speech ... 
  but otherwise right-on . 
  thats provably false ? 
  the entire bloody comment . 
  not in particular . 
  i realize that . 
  you do realize most of they incarcerated men commit crimes , right ? 
  but yeah , there is discrimination in our judicial system . 
  i hope not ... at least the immigrants in my country do n't commi plethoras of crimes . 
  that 's not true , and in fact quite a few european protests have erupted in anti-semitic slogans and israeli goods are scrutinized far more than products from worse countries . 
  i meant minorities that are discriminated against and attacked . 
  this guy is a piece of shit . 
  a clearly non-jewish piece of shit . 
  he is a troll . 
  do n't be retarded , it 's not all jews . 
  these people would kill me and you if they could . 
  why the fuck are you stranding up for them ? 
  do n't you have some murdering to be doing ? 
  i agree with him , and i 'm a jew . 
  sorry that we 're upset about children getting raped . 
  i hope ukip wins this next election . 
  where ? 
  nobody thinks that and it was a stupid point . 
  the rest of the article , however , was spot-on . 
  are they outraged at saudi arabia and china too , or just the jew state fighting against terrorists . 
  speaking of stereotypes ... heil sieg mein fuhrer . 
  also , i 'm glad you won the world cup . 
  it must 've been shitty after you had just won one , and had to wear a single gold star around . 
  enjoy . 
  no , freedom to travel and leave is one of the most important and well known human rights . 
  more important than the right of return for terrorists , believe it or not . 
  wow, 
  the same way that this sub hating neo-nazis shouldnt be referred to as `` hysteria '' , disliking imperialist russia should n't be considered hysteria . 
  actually , the comments have been completely destroying this garbage . 
  and because of things like this i 've started to embrace parts of u.s. foreign policy . 
  while far from perfect , there are many things we do right . 
  and if you try to claim freedom people will bitch and moan about the west meddling in affairs . 
  fuck them ; go latvia !, 
  europe seems to prefer to appease ther immigrants in the name of tolerance instead of supporting jews and minorities for the sake of actual tolerance . 
  i have n't been to thailand , so for all i know it could be equally as spicy here as in thailand . 
  yeah , except not all 500 will be . 
  most of them will be charged with like `` unauthorized travel '' and given community service . 
  but because your sentencing system is a joke ( as is ours ) they 'll be out on the streets murdering in years , if not months . 
  yes , stripping citizenship is exactly equal to beheading and slaughtering people . 
  i prefer the human rights of the brits not to be slaughtered over the rights of those terrorists . 
  monitoring will not work with a 500 of them . 
  freedom is a human right , an yet you lose that by committing a crime . 
  i dare to ask : what did he say ? 
  is thai food less spicy in the u.s. too ? 
  never mind you lost ... ( look at ' 94 ) http://harrypotter.wikia.com/wiki/bulgarian_national_quidditch_team, 
  no they simply do n't like jews . 
  clearly . 
  wrong country . 
  and group . 
  and time period . 
  jews are ironically one of said groups they do n't like . 
  are n't you happy about winnin the quittich world cup though . 
  i think he was being sarcastic ? 
  pretend to be jewish . 
  but that veil story went full page , right ? 
  also , is jews being attacked really front page material ? 
  i kinda thought you guys did n't give a shit . 
  especially with the statements made by the current pm . 
  that would be nice though ... 
  that is one ugly motherfucker . 
  really ?
