  thank you, 
  the culture in europe is farrr different from the muslim culture in the u.s. . our muslim population tends to be educated and to share our values . 
  my god ... are anti-immigration parties in germany as strong as in other countries ? 
  i know angela merkel has said that the policies of immigration have failed , but is she doing something abou t it ? 
  hey !, 
  let 's not be xenophobic by telling the truth now . 
   i speak english ( natively ) , german , spanish , irish , conversational french and i 'm planning on learning romanian and hebrew soon & nbsp ; oh my god . 
  & nbsp ; yeah i have a friend who 's a native english and spanish speaker ( spanish first ) and she 's now going for french and mandarin . 
  i really look forward to getting into it too . 
  mine neither . . 
  huh , interesting . 
  i know a swedish exchange student was in a highish level spanish class at my school recently . 
  i think there 's also something to be said for the fact that spanish has the second or first most native speakers in the world ( the mandarin statistics are dubious ) . 
  they might very well be able to use it when traveling . 
  incredible ... 
  besides swedish and english , what 's the third usually ? 
  still incredible . 
  you also have to remember that people from ireland and the uk do n't need as many languages typically . 
  very few non-immigrants speak two languages in the us . 
  i 'm going to be in the club hopefully soon though , 
   you do n't want to let more people in to your country that are sex offenders or for whatever reason , because they are a risk for your own population . 
  what you seem to be indifferent to is that these people will still be a risk to others in their own country . 
  countries that are not capable to properly deal with this and change it . 
  if you say that as long as bad shit do n't appear on your doorstep , you do n't care , that 's just borderline racist and if you do n't see that you are a fucking idiot . 
  & nbsp ; of course i care , but arguing that the west should take in dangerous people ... so that other countries do n't have to deal with them is absolutely nothing short of insane . 
  you also seem to be saying that we should import other populations , which is racist . 
  & nbsp ;  people risk their lives every day to cross borders in order to get away from their current situation . 
  you will have to build walls , fences everyfucking where . 
  you need your own deportation police for the people who are still smuggled in . 
  & nbsp ; ... are you arguing that national borders are unnecessary ? 
  & nbsp ;  we will never get any further if we keep focusing on race and nationality instead of the specific individuals . 
  & nbsp ; this is what i 've been saying the whole time . 
  & nbsp ; tldr ; trashing our own countries up is not helping other countries . 
  and suggesting we should import the dangerous people is racist against the people you are sicking the dangerous people on . 
  that 's incredible !, 
  i 'm going for fluency in spanish but then i plan to try french , or maybe some really really different language , and then after i 'm going to learn portuagese ( very similar to spanish ) . 
  i wish you luck !, 
  a wee bit unrelated . 
  [ mud ] ( http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/mud_2012/ ) is a great film that shows southern u.s. life ( poverty included ! ) . 
  this may interest some people here . 
  you 're darn tootin ' wrong ... http://blog.chron.com/txpotomac/files/2013/11/111204_rick_perry_605_ap.jpg, 
  * mexico takes * * over * * texas * . 
  as jew am very happy comrade putin is protecting us from nazi ukraine . 
  cuando the soviet union mataron 7 millon personas de ukraine rusia perdio su derecho de crimea . 
  ... we done fucked that up . 
   costs of healthcare and public works are skyrocketing and the results per krone spent are dropping like a rock this leads to necessities such as private healthcare insurance , as the waiting time to get screened for e.g. 
  suspected bowel cancer is now up to 40 weeks in the public health sector . 
  & nbsp ; :(  summers suck , but summer this year we have had two weeks of really good weather and people seem more cheery . 
  & nbsp ; i thought summers were lovely ? 
  when i visited oslo the weather was wonderful . 
  i did read something interesting though about the fact that swedish schools are enjoyable , and that kids like to go to school , unlike china , which has a hellish school system . 
  this does encourage creativity and future success , and this thelocal.se article was arguing that swedes should n't be worried about the mediocre test scores . 
   ( english , irish , french and japanese ) & nbsp ; that 's incredible ... how many natively and how many fluently ? 
  such a terrible country ... 
  i 'm not complaining about europe , otherwise it would be reasonable for you to ask that . 
  ... are you suggesting that sexist and anti-semitic people should be let into our countries , because we are n't allowed to judge anyone ? 
  the west can decide the values of the people we want in our countries . 
  even the non-muslims ? 
  even the non-muslims ? 
  kk will do once i get some sleep . 
  i tend to be a skeptic of my country , but i have found freedom house to usually spot on . 
  usually they criticize the u.s. for the right reasons too in their reports on us . 
  dude , you 're living in the netherlands . 
  shut up or feel free to move to a non-western nation . 
  which site was this ? 
  taking american test . 
  & nbsp ; results : `` where you scored on the survey your answers suggest that you are a centrist . 
  the yellow star shows generally where you fall within the centrist region of the nolan chart . 
  now you can tell your friends , `` i 'm a centrist . '', 
  & nbsp ; am i a spineless pussy now ? 
  to be fair , the options were libertarian , liberal , conservative , or statist . 
  i was close to just straight up being `` liberal '' . 
  in this article : stupid propaganda blaming immigrant crime on the victims , who give the immigrants free money . 
  i 'm an olive skinned part-italian part-jewish person , and while i never went to sweden i did travel to northern europe and absolutely loved it , and faced almost no discrimination . 
  this is aljazeera , qatari owned . 
  i like how they linked hate crimes against jews with hate crimes against immigrants even though the immigrants are the ones assaulting the jews . 
  ... you 're solution is to take in troublemakers , and jobless people ? 
  seriously ? 
  why not just let in the hardworking people who will try to do well and educate and improve their kids ' lives , instead of just letting in random people from sexist and crime ridden countries and then acting surprised when some of them ( few though ) are sexist and commit crimes . 
  why were n't the kids rebelling then ? 
  i was n't saying that muslims rape and pillage , i was saying the past does not have bearing on the future . 
  also , they did release the trojan horse documents ... 
  he admits like 12 times that he is speculating , and the politician was actually the one investigating , even if he is a politician . 
  if anything , he would want to play this down as much as possible , considering ukip is stealing lots of voters and this scandal makes the tories look like morons . 
  & nbsp ; none of the sources have proof that this guy was lying , either . 
  & nbsp ;  it probably is n't anything that christians ( and probably those of other faiths ) have n't tried to do before : & nbsp ; like in the 1200 's ? 
  yeah , not surprised . 
  important thing is it 's not happening now . 
  i mean , almost every society used to rape and pillage , why is that not ok now ? 
  are ... are you kidding ? 
  read the fucking article i posted !, 
  i agree with this sentiment . 
  the same way we ca n't trust health professionals who say meth addiction is bad when they themselves have never been hooked on meth . 
  & nbsp ; you accepted another american 's opinion and someone who just had `` socialist '' as their flag . 
  i think i 'm good commenting at the moment . 
   even mentioning that the sweden democrates has a point instantly gets you laballed as a racist . 
  & nbsp ; which is sad , because it helps pave the way for actual racists by creating a boy who cried wolf type scenario . 
  most jews have no idea that 's happening . 
  do you think they discuss it publicly amongst themselves ? 
  not really islam though , more the crazy people practicing it .
