  you should bring the infected in as refugees . 
  they must not be very desperate ... 
  if they were white foreigners trying any of this shit , they would already be deported . 
  to be fair , yazidis are ethnically kurdish . 
  also kurdistan would be a much more humane country than most of the others there , and the kurds would finally have autonomy and their lives would dramatically improve . 
  another israel  another islamist sexist shit state . 
  plus , arabs would not have to be displaced . 
  to be fair , most people , and almost all people in europe speak an indo-european language . 
  also one of the hardest languages to learn ... 
  this describes it . 
  erna is n't a member of labour ... 
  that appears similar to asking someone who wants to visit germany `` would you honestly be ok with voting for a party that looked like this ( insert nazi picture ) ? 
  and yes , i know there are other issues , but being able to walk out into the street without being harassed or attacked is pretty high up on my list of important things . 
  it does , and how would that no longer be theirs ? 
  they used all of the stereotypical spanish words . 
  yeah i do n't speak french . 
  hamas has in their charter that all jews should die . 
  do n't you have some poverty and genocide to be enjoying ? 
  example 1 of anti-semitism ... 
   the fox news piece also failed to mention that the party that the person they interviewed belonged to was a former fascist party that only purged its nazi members 8 years before . 
  & nbsp ; funny , it was the `` centre '' party that ran the anti-semitic moron this election , and refused to take her off the ticket . 
  i 'm a jew , and the only party i would vote for is sd . 
  i do n't personally know , but i know that with us states , the suicide rate is higher in states that consistently rank higher in happiness polls , maybe because it 's tougher to be depressed when others around you are happy . 
  sweden is consistently one of the happiest countries , so this might explain it . 
   - say anything good about stephen elop ( the microsoft mole who was nokia 's ceo for a while , destroyed nokia by being literally the worst ceo of recorded history , sold nokia to microsoft at ridiculous price and was re-hired to ms ) . 
  actually mentioning the guy at all gets our blood boiling & nbsp ; i feel like you have a law suit ... 
   world champions in riding bicycles through mud and child abuse . 
  ... why is this a stereotype ? 
  oh gosh they are n't worse ... 
  but i can support the democrats somewhat happily , but i 'm pretty horrified by labour . 
  in that case we need you on / r/stopspanking ( i 'm the admin ) . 
  judging by what i 've seen here , this will work : & nbsp ; ask if sweden is a muslim country . 
  ask if sweden is a city in switzerland . 
  confirm that you frequently spank your kids . 
  & nbsp ; i 'll think of more later . 
   make that joke about the chocolates and child abuse . 
  & nbsp ; do i want to hear it ? 
   ** full control over all advertising spaces throughout the city of oslo as long as the games progress . 
  only the ioc 's own sponsors will receive advertising . 
  even street vendors must be removed . 
  & nbsp ; that 's past insane . 
  did russia have to do this ? 
  here are my reasons for disliking each party : & nbsp ; conservatives : they 're tools for the super rich and powerful , in a country with a huge problem with upward mobility . 
  & nbsp ; labour : child rape . 
  & nbsp ; lib-dems : tools for the tories . 
  & nbsp ; ukip : while it 'd be nice if some of their immigration policies got implemented , their economic policies are past horrific . 
  yes haha . 
  i was commenting this because it was related . 
  noooo haha this is not acceptable for all ages . 
  13 + at least, 
  is it just me - or are all of the british political parties absolutely horrific ? 
  400 million . 
  it 's over . 
  really ? 
  most studies i 've seen show ireland doing better than the uk overall . 
  wait ... is this 7.7 % real gdp growth ? 
  that 's insane ... 
  why though ? 
  point is , they did n't commit hate crimes , and when they did attack people , there were n't people like you defending them . 
  i 'm living the american continent , but i 'm not ethnically native american . 
  would you consider me native american if i said i was , even though i do n't follow native culture ? 
  quit with this bullshit . 
  immigrants in europe get lots of help and welfare benifits , far more than my immigrant ancestor did . 
  would 9/11 be part of a story on islamiphobia ? 
  fuck you for judging all jews for israel . 
  you 're right ; let the attacks on hews continue !, 
  yeah , but that survey turned up a couple i wierd results . 
  in most other surveys germany is at like 4 % , and virulently anti-semitic sweden did well in this . 
  did you read his comment ? 
  he said that te immigrants are doing it and it 's spreading . 
  did you read his comment ? 
  he said that te immigrants are doing it and it 's spreading . 
  pretty ballsy considering the history . 
  oh yes , he many lra attacks on jews . 
  oh come on . 
  my ancestors actually suffered institutional discrimination an they did n't behave like that . 
  that 's the thing , i 'm very liberal , but i fin myself supporting parties like sd or pvv even though i dislike the other policies . 
  hopefully all parties will take a big step to the right on immigration , and then we 'll have more choices . 
  not thinking that israel is as bad as isis , for one . 
  not railing on about jews but defending unlimited immigration , for another . 
  just an fyi to anyone reading this , the above commentator is n't even close to being a moderate left-winger . 
  mostly because i like a lot of european countries and i want to know whats happening across the atlantic . 
  yeah , its not like there 's a high concentration of europeans on the rest of reddit . 
  i think it 'd be interesting , but i may just be biased . 
  yes , cause that would totally happen . 
  i do see your point . 
  i would like to hear from certain groups though , like basques or ( european ) jews or romani . 
  why do these `` refugees '' have so much of a higher crime rate than the natives then ? 
  and you 're retarded if you think that the immigrants are in as much danger as jews were during the holocaust . 
  no , i do n't blame the immigrants at all , but they still should n't be allowed to stay illegally . 
  give me a fucking break . 
  how the fuck are illegal immigrants overstaying their visas anything like jews during the holocaust ? 
  they wo n't be going to concentration camps if caught , they merely wo n't be able to get the benefits of living in a western country that they never applied to be in . 
  & nbsp ; * i 'm * jewish you cunt , stop using the holocaust for your own fucking stupid political agenda . 
  why would he be talking about reporting an illegal immigrant if they were a refugee ? 
  wait , are you saying that there 's a scientific element to integration ? 
  you do realize that humans are 99 % alike , right ? 
  yes , even the jews that you hate so . 
  & nbsp ; we disagree not because i am some kind of racist , but because you 're a retarded neckbeard who just bitches about things instead of arguing anything . 
  they are , but us not defending you guys would be looked at as a * huge * betrayal .
