  the answer is because i like europe . 
  this is a level-headed and kind response , and you 're right . 
  thank you . 
  a ridiculous and sensationalist blog post with links to the electronic infitada . 
  niiice . 
  not really , i do care about hypocrisy though , and this debate is about hypocrisy . 
  ... that was an argument for doing the circumsicion as a child , so they wouldnt have to go through that as an adult . 
  but i basically agree , i just find the obsession over this issue funny . 
  that was in the 1930 's . 
  they also thought black people were inferior in the 1930 's . 
  oh i agree , but i ca n't help but find it stupid when there 's so many people obsessing over circumcision when there are bigger issues . 
  i do n't really care either way , but you guys should stop pretending this is some big issue when it 's really something that affects noone in their day-to-day lives . 
  bullying , on the other hand , takes thousands of lives a year and hurts countless more . 
  but that does n't involve funny-looking penises , so i guess it does n't matter . 
   because they do n't know better . 
  obviously . 
  & nbsp ; i could say the same about you and the fact that you are n't circumcised . 
   that is a good description of male circumcision . 
  & nbsp ; cite a source . 
   edit : nevermind , i see you 're just copying the same thing all over the thread . 
  & nbsp ; erm not really . 
   that is not true . 
  we 're talking about the loss of a massive group of very tightly packed nerves that nature intended to be there & nbsp ; can you give me a source for this ? 
  no , but you can disagree with someone without making jokes about their ethnicity . 
  it 'd be nice to be able to hear about what 's happening in europe without being flooded by racist jokes . 
  it 's almost as if some people take offense to neo-nazi jokes . 
  could you imagine a racist joke about muslims being upvoted in a thread about burkas or about grooming gangs ? 
  aaand ? 
  it 's then appropriate to make an anti-semitic joke about this ? 
  that exact comment that that guy wrote has been made countless times on whiterights and thethirdreich subs . 
  once again , the wisdom teeth is basically the same example . 
  & nbsp ;  one that might have huge implications in self-esteem & nbsp ; dude seriously , i 've never met anyone who 's thought twice about being circumcised , it makes 0 impact on anyone 's life . 
  & nbsp ;  a procedure that is even rumored to lessen sexual pleasure & nbsp ; i can confirm this is n't true . 
  & nbsp ; basically circumcision makes it so that a boy dose n't have to clean his penis , and it makes it so later complications with circumcision are n't possible . 
  it has zero affect on their lives . 
  personally if i have a son i may not get him circumcised , because i really do n't see the point , but it 's ridiculous that people are acting as if it 's a human rights issue . 
   and it is n't about thinking a circumcised penis looks weird , its about the person not having a say in what happens to their body . 
  & nbsp ; i get this , but at the same time many parents have the wisdom teeth of their kids removed without permission . 
  & nbsp ;  if it does n't make any difference , then why do it ? 
  & nbsp ; you do n't need to clean an uncircumcised penis , but otherwise i agree . 
  i do n't care either way about this issue , but people who pretend to care about human rights when really they just want penises to look a certain way annoy me . 
  the son does n't have to clean it , and the chance of complications with the skin is non-existent . 
  i dont like the way uncircumcised penises look so it should be banned . 
  circumcision has no affect on the lives of an individual . 
  it does n't make sex painful , it does n't make masturbation less enjoyable , and it does not make a difference in one 's life . 
  & nbsp ; many parents have their children 's wisdom teeth removed . 
  the reason this is an issue and the wisdom teeth is n't is because non-circumcised people think circumcised penises look weird . 
  i do n't need lube , and i 'm circumcised . 
  this theory = climate change denial, 
  i 'm cut , and lube is n't necessary . 
  this fact that this is an upvoted comment should tell us all we need to know about this thread . 
  it 's not protecting children . 
  whether you 're circumcised or not has zero affect on your life . 
  removing wisdom teeth is more invasive and unnecessary , and yet it 's still allowed . 
  i 've not once met anyone who was ever affected by their parents ' decision to circumcise them , and it 's obvious most of these commenters are uncircumcised europeans who only care because they think circumcised penises look weird . 
  but the debate is just stupid . 
  the only reason people care about circumcision is because circumcised people think uncircumcised penises look weird and uncircumcised people think circumcised penises look weird . 
  & nbsp ; circumcision has no affect on one 's life . 
  well dogs ca n't be drafted to the army and forced to serve either . 
  maybe you should treat your boys the same ? 
  yeah , let 's face it ; this is n't about child abuse , this is about people in your country thinking that circumcised penises look funny . 
  often removing wisdom teeth is far more invasive , and unlike circumcision has no benefits . 
   this kind of butcherswork does not belong in the 21st century . 
  & nbsp ; oh come on , you ca n't really be serious . 
  parents have the wisdom teeth of their children removed , and those arguably have more use and make more of a difference then the foreskin . 
  & nbsp ; the only reason anyone cares about this is because they think circumcised penises look weird . 
  i do n't have a spanish keyboard , so it would appear i 'm out of luck . 
  & nbsp ; no but seriously , i listed a ton of reasons why in other comments . 
  why would i keep a gun under my pillow because i thought that the murder rate in sudan was under reported ? 
  thanks ... 
  it was three a.m. when i wrote that ... 
  yup , that 's exactly what i was referring to , and i also mentioned countries with actual genocides being lower than relatively peceful countries . 
  but if you sport an american flair people assume you 're a moron on this sub . 
  because sudan and south sudan have rate at round 10-15 murders per 100,000 people , according to this . 
  they are both active genocide zones . 
  puerto rico has a higher listed murder rate , and trust me , there is no genocide going on there . 
  i would say that many of the international numbers are greatly under-exaddurated , but otherwise yes . 
  look at page 22 of this for the most thorough results i 've found on this debate . 
  it would seem that money does n't create happiness , but it can help . 
  :( were you on the 7.15 minimum wage ? 
  and were prices cheaper in ukraine ? 
  honestly mexico is doing really well compared to a lot of other countries , but the western countries just have more opportunities . 
  do you have any comparable sources that include other western countries , such as the us , sk , new zealand , or canada ? 
  & nbsp ; edit : us is right here . 
  dc to russia confirmed ? 
  http://www.theguardian.com/news/datablog/2011/jan/10/gun-crime-us-state#data & nbsp ; wait that 's only murders related to firearms ... \u0ca0_\u0ca0, 
   but in pure cost/benefit terms , i guess plain charity saves more lives , so if we get really into it , you could probably convince me to give up friendly asylum politics in favor of more standard charity . 
  & nbsp ; honestly , this is what i would recommend , and many `` right-wing '' organizations and parties have suggested that we give more money to refugee agencies and take less in ourselves . 
  ok then look at iceland . 
  oh ok i got you . 
  iceland provides a better example . 
  why is it that people that raped those 1400 girls were let in though ? 
  and why is it that no natives are doing that ? 
  also , refugees in denmark make up 2 % of the population , bu make up 40 % of crimes by youth . 
  i 'm not arguing for a complete ban on immigration , but support for the current system is sheer idiocy . 
  erm what ? 
   you face persecution and are at risk of being tortured and/or murdered , and that the risk ca n't reasonably be averted by moving within your own country . 
  & nbsp ; i 'll turn myself into a jew living in sweden . 
  all that money being used for jails could be use for swedes . 
  they sure as hell are n't mocking you for your rape rate .
