  are you kidding ? 
  haaretz is one of the most pro-palestinains sources there is . 
  will you provide a source for the sharia law thing ? 
  haaretz is one of the most pro-palestinian sources on the web . 
  haaretz is very pro-palestine, 
  had america not intervened china would 've colonized the whole island , damning the whole place to be a communist shithole like north korea . 
  chingada madre this is interesting . 
  i will look through it more tomorrow . 
  alright thank you . 
  yeah , good points . 
  haha you do n't know history . 
  if it were n't for china , they 'd be unified as the successful country south korea is today . 
  you think north korea is better off under the kims than they would be in the rok ? 
  iraq would be shitty anyway , north korea not so much . 
  that 's really awesome , but why no adoption ? 
  what country are you from ? 
  i 'm not happy about the spying either , and i think it 's moronic . 
  but for the record , sanctions on a harmful dictatorship are less wrong that having a murderous dictatorship , or propping one up . 
  huh interesting . 
  thanks for the answer . 
  i agree about the voter turnout though . 
  : / do parties really go after each other in france like they do in the u.s. ? 
  first of all , i am not my country . 
  second , we absolutely have the high ground . 
  the middle east is shitty even in the countries we did n't invade and despite our stupidity in south america they 're still doing a lot better than nk . 
  china literally tortured 1 million tibetans to death . 
  how is this even a comparison ? 
  also , thanks to us south korea is n't a gigantic prison like north korea . 
  yeah , just ignore the insane atrocities being committed in tibet and north korea , and china for that matter , thanks to the regime there, 
  it 's a house republican . 
  i 'm just impressed that he didnt say anything about global warming being a hoax or jesus . 
  ok , thank you very much for the response !, 
  that 's ... impressive . 
  are you a schoolchild ? 
  yeah sd has the most `` likes '' of any party on facebook ... 
  thanks for the response . 
  i kinda noticed that too , as currently the most liked swedish party is the far-right sverigedemokraterna . 
   maybe ask as spaniard , regarding romanians , probably not , i ca n't even name the current ministry for the enviroment , because there has n't been any scandal relating to him and up until now the tough never crossed my mind to look his name up . 
  & nbsp ; that was just an example , but thanks for the response !, 
  thanks for the response !, 
  & nbsp ; i have a question i 'm trying to get answered , as it has to do with improving our system , and it 's this : does political education start at a young age in finland ? 
  i 'm in high school , and most people i know are very ignorant when it comes to politics . 
  i feel like we would have a more politically active society if we started teaching about the political system earlier , like maybe in 7th or 8th grade . 
  & nbsp ; also , i can name quite a few governors and senators . 
  state house leaders , not so much ... btw , boehner was recently in my town , and a couple asked for him to take their picture , without realizing that they were talking to someone third in line for the presidency . 
  thanks a ton for the response !, 
  i went to spain recently , and it was nothing short of lovely . 
  thanks a ton for the information . 
  i guess i 'll go ahead and repeat the question i keep asking around , since it is relevant to potentially improving the u.s. system of knowledge about political matters : '' does political education begin in schools ? 
  do kids learn about politics and the different leaders ? 
  the u.s. has basically horrible political education , and so most people start to understand politics in college . 
  imo our population would be more informed if teachers taught basic things starting in middle school ( ages 11-14 ) ? '', 
   not doing stupid shit than improving their image by doing stuff that might make them popular . 
  & nbsp ; thanks for the response . 
  what you 're saying is very interesting , and i really appreciate the response . 
  would you answer mine about denmark ? 
   we may have relatively low voter turnout ( think it was in the 80 % range in 2012 in france ) & nbsp ; yea so low : o. 
  but thanks for the response ; you essentially listed all that i wanted to know . 
  my one last question that i asked a belgian is this : '' does political education begin in schools ? 
  do kids learn about politics and the different leaders ? 
  the u.s. has basically horrible political education , and so most people start to understand politics in college . 
  imo our population would be more informed if teachers taught basic things starting in middle school ( ages 11-14 ) ? '', 
  huh interesting , thanks for the fantastic response . 
  and does this begin in schools ? 
  do kids learn about politics and the different leaders ? 
  the u.s. has basically horrible political education , and so most people start to understand politics in college . 
  imo our population would be more informed if teachers taught basic things starting in middle school ( ages 11-14 ), 
  ... what the fuck . 
  how is russia not considered a terrorist state now ? 
  whatever stupid reason they have for this , i have faith in a ukraine that will be stronger than ever !, 
  no , but it 's pretty clear that you do n't need it . 
  it 's not comparable to nipples or fingers . 
  ah ok carry on then . 
  i see this argument a lot , but why not judge based on wealth , rather than on race ? 
  this would account for the outliers . 
  i 'm from san antonio ( like 33 % white ) and i never felt like i was in anything but a first world country . 
  no we do n't . 
  europe would have a big say in if it happens . 
  hey , ` murican jew here . 
  secular jew probably would not discriminate , although orthodox jews might ( but they 're a bit silly anyways ) . 
  the thing is , we do n't often talk about our penises . 
  i 've faced a bit of discrimination because i have a non-jewish mother ( and i also practice christianity ) , but once again , the more secular you get the less discrimination you face with things like this . 
  most of the people who have said things have been holyier-than-thou classmates and non-jews who want to feel like they know things . 
  lately i 've been using the holy books to beat their arguments though . 
   so , hypothetically , if i started a religion that requires you to cut off your newborn 's arms and legs & nbsp ; totally the same thing . 
  ... could n't they just get their penises circumcised at age 18 , maybe as a right of passage ? 
  oh ok , you were referring to the foreskin . 
  i thought you meant it destroyed the penis . 
  they had to take a great idea and put in tons of controversy huh ... could you send me a statement from them ? 
  not that i do n't believe you . 
  speaking of childrens ' rights ... the right not to be hit . 
   a religious minority ca n't have it their way and mutilate toddlers , & nbsp ; so a religious majority could ? 
  also , mutilation has to do with limbs and major body parts . 
   a foreskin is something you need , obviously to me & nbsp ; see , this annoys me . 
  i have no problems with your arguments , but acting like you need a foreskin is ridiculous . 
  jews would 've died out long ago if circumcision made sex uncomfortable . 
  it may make a difference , but stop being so dramatic about it . 
  honestly i have no problems with your arguments about banning male circumcision . 
  but calling it male genital mutilation shows your ignorance . 
  fgm is a lot worse ...
