  but dont worry , the refugees you take in still account for 40 % of youth crime . 
  it he could have use both genders for the sake of comedy . 
  really though . 
  why is it that so many of these `` refugees '' are responsible for the constant attacks and harassment on jews in europe we see today ? 
  refugees make up 2 % of denmark 's population , but make up 40 % of the prisoners there . 
  dosent souf like they 're very desperate to me . 
  really though ? 
  when these `` immigrants are attacking jews are rapibg little girls , is it really ridiculous to think people might want tighter standards of immigration ? 
  yep . 
  tends to happen when you have democratic institutions , gender equality , and a hard-working populace interested in education . 
   their own estimates paint a very dismal picture ( worse than japan , worse than europe , etc. ) . 
  & nbsp ; i 'm sure you 're telling the truth , but could you link me this study ? 
  i 've never heard this before, 
  eh not necessarily . 
  birth rates have already started to decline in the really shitty countries , and with some work we can stop a population explosion in the countries that ca n't afford to have that explosion . 
  & nbsp ; but also , europe needs to keep a decent birthrate as a whole . 
  being a nato member dosent mean you have to like our society . 
  also , i have a friend from finland who told me that finnish media makes the us out to be much more deranged and nutty than we actually are . 
  also , we are socially progressive in a number of way . 
  really ? 
  the riots in france were 100 % anti-semitic . 
  you did n't find something wrong with the actual proposal . 
  woops autocorrect , meant uk . 
  very much so . 
  i 'm not conservative , but they are right on this one . 
  assuming you can read , here is the proposition . 
  tell me how this could be islamiphobic . 
  read the proposition . 
  this is the us, 
  read it . 
  here is the link . 
  find me a problem with it . 
  tell me , what was controversial about this ? 
  the ongoing humanitarian crisis and sectarian polarisation in iraq - which has resulted in thousands of yazidi kurds being massacred . 
  nec further believes : 1 . 
  that the people of iraq have suffered for years under the sectarian and brutally repressive dictatorship of saddam hussein , the us/uk invasion and occupation , the current sectarian regime linked to both the us and iran , and now the barbaric repression of the `` islamic state '' organisation . 
  that rape and other forms of sexual violence are being used as weapons against women in is - occupied areas , while minorities are being ethnically cleansed . 
  nec resolves : 1 . 
  to work with the international students ' campaign to support iraqi , syrian and other international students in the uk affected by this situation . 
  to campaign in solidarity with the iraqi people and in particular support the hard-pressed student , workers ' and women 's organisations against all the competing nationalist and religious-right forces . 
  to support iraqis trying to bridge the sun ni-shia divide to fight for equality and democracy , including defence of the rights of the christian and yazidi-kurd minorities . 
  to condemn the is and support the kurdish forces fighting against it , while expressing no confidence or trust in the us military intervention . 
  encourage students to boycott anyone found to be funding the is or supplying them with goods , training , travel or soldiers . 
  to make contact with iraqi and kurdish organisations , in iraq and in the uk , in order to build solidarity and to support refugees . 
  to issue a statement on the above basis . 
  & nbsp ; that 's all . 
  seriously . 
  tell me what about this is controversial . 
  they even expressed solidarity with the iraqi people . 
  here is a very liberal source reporting on it . 
  dosent make their lunacy any less extreme . 
  idk !, 
  maybe a few like isis , but there 's no way that a majority of muslim students at a university support terrorists . 
  good question actually ... just practice for a potential future career i guess . 
  plus it feels important . 
  i went to a meeting for the youth wing of my political party in the us , and we endorsed different candidates and ballot measures , even though it was likely to do little . 
  but that was a political meeting , and this was a student union . 
  completely . 
  funny thing is , many schools ' unions have banned hebrew ( not anti-semitic at all / s ) but they refuse to criticize isis . 
  & nbsp ; edit : when people say europe is anti-semitic , this is why . 
  yup . 
  this decision by the organization is the equivalent to : `` i would condemn the kkk , but we might offend christians ! '', 
  what exactly could have been offensive in this draft ? 
  & nbsp ; edit : found it !, 
  nothing controversial http://www.nusconnect.org.uk/pageassets/about/minutes/necminutes/nec_140916_motions-amendmentv2.pdf & nbsp ; they even had a amendment saying islamiphobia is bad . 
  i completely agree , and find these students 100 % in the wrong :( . 
  ca n't you have them capable without having a draft ? 
  but members of nato might as well live in the us , since we 're sworn to protect them . 
  wow . 
  he sounds terrible ... 
  ... is this real life ? 
  please tell me that was edited ... 
  ... is this real life ? 
  please tell me that was edited ... 
  equal rights , equal responsibility . 
  erm ... not a single country in the americas ha a draft ... 
  yeah , everybody knows that an army ca n't e strong without a draft . 
  it 's not like the most powerful military in the world dose n't have a draft or anything . 
  wrong group, 
  yeah you 're right . 
  i guess i am just a little bit frustrated with the anti-semitism that 's come from this debate though . 
  past events do not equal current oppression of a people . 
  i would ask for a tibetan 's opinion , but they would likely be tortured and murdered for giving it . 
  whatever . 
   the last time a non-jewish person was in charge of the us federal reserve was 1987 . 
  do norwegians actually adopts little poles and lithuanies though ? 
  most of madrid is fucking beautiful though . 
  at a very high percentage , too . 
   we will be last accepting pederasty . 
  ha you still admit that you will accept it . 
  i 'm a bit ashamed to be of lithuanian decent right now honestly . 
  & nbsp ; edit : i dont mean we will actually accept pederasty . 
  he used that word to mean gay marriage ... 
  which one colonized the congo again ? 
  does gerrymandering mean something different in the uk than it does in the us ? 
   sexism and related intolerance has a history in the arabic-speaking world dating back centuries . 
  no fucking shit . 
  yes they are . 
  if they had actually invaded , there would be posts about the jews all over the site . 
   on one hand i know a lot of my ukrainian ancestors supported the habsburg monarchy and hated kikes ,,
