  honestly , you 're right . 
  everyone is like `` we should cut off their funding '' , but no one is saying `` we should send them back '' . 
  dude , you are completely oblivious to the fact that a british school was taken over by sexist and insane doctrines . 
  stop comparing it christianity , that 's silly . 
  ... seriously want to fuck that separation up . 
  if parents want to do that , they should stay away from decent countries . 
  how old were they ? 
  `` in contrast , where there was a clear choice between economic democracy , on one hand , and `` let 's blame it on the immigrants and roma , '' on the other -- as in greece , spain , portugal , ireland , and most of central and eastern europe -- voters went left . 
  as srecko horvat , croatian philosopher and author of `` what does europe want ? , '' commented in the wake of the election , `` the european left is back in the game . '' & nbsp ; the countries that do n't have immigrants did n't vote for anti-immigrant parties . 
  did n't see that coming . 
  not having any money . 
  thanks for the clarification . 
  that 's really cool . 
  you have a lovely country , in more ways than one . 
  so average people in ireland speak irish ( gaelic ) . 
  & nbsp ; sorry , i meant is english something that 's only spoken in movies , or is it used in day-to-day life too ? 
  you answered me doe . /, 
  yup , i agree completely . 
  i just recently ( last two years ) got really into learning spanish , and i really really had to come to grips with how little i knew from two years of high school spanish ( i just finished high school ) . 
  luckily i live in an area with lots of immigrants , and i have a lot of friends who speak spanish fluently , so i 'm was able to skip a year to move up to advanced placement ( college level ) spanish, 
   everything is in english !, 
  & nbsp ; really ? 
  do parents speak english to their children at home sometimes , or is it just something that comes up in culture ? 
   also here in yorkshire in the north of england you can sometimes find enclaves of old english . 
  & nbsp ; wait ? 
  seriously ? 
  that 's kind of the coolest thing i 've heard today . 
  this is sooo fascinating . 
  were they recorded ? 
  it would be fun to hear what these people sounded like speaking native welsh . 
  but ireland was at 94 % ... 
  there are still people who speak non-english in the uk ? 
  so ironic ... 
  i did n't ? 
  ok , the part about how god-aweful life was before the ussr was really enlightening . 
  but the part about stalin being remembered as a great leader is wrong , imo . 
  & nbsp ; the same way hitler did improve the german economy and yet is remembered for murder , you ca n't kill 20 million people and torture and murder innocent people and people who disagree with you to death and get off scot-clean in the history books . 
  & nbsp ; you do n't have to be a murderer to stop hitler , and had hitler not betrayed him they would n't have even fought at all !, 
  & nbsp ; his ethnic cleansing and other actions were not for the greater good , but merely to preserve his power , and his purge of the educated is still being felt today , in the fact that russia is a shithole and putin is able to do whatever he wants . 
  it 's like 3 a.m. here you know what i mean . 
  i 'm not a right wing american haha . 
  in fact , i am very left-wing . 
  i have a socialistic friend from france too , who describes things as i did . 
  different situations . 
  i 'm supportive to immigrants here , but we have vastly different situations . 
  in europe ? 
  there are thousands upon thousands . 
   it 's not about stalin , but what that name represents -- sacrifice and struggle . 
    with no hyperbole , it is probably the most important single battle in world history of the past 100 years . 
  probably longer . 
  it literally changed the course of history for more than just russia . 
  & nbsp ; fascinating take . 
  i disagree strongly , but i upvoted . 
  what a fucking embarrassment . 
  the stupid media is trying to rename a city after one of the worst mass murderers of all time . 
  imo voting for anyone besides them is a way to chase all jews out of the country . 
  sweet . 
  i found another source , but mine had even stronger results . 
  shoot , i 'll try to dig it up . 
  here 's one . 
  http://fra.europa.eu/sites/default/files/fra-2013-discrimination-hate-crime-against-jews-eu-member-states_en.pdf & nbsp ; i 'll find the original one i was referring too also . 
  he 's no longer the leader . 
  in a recent survey , jews said 3-to-1 that immigration is increasing anti-semitism , while only 1 of 4 said the rise of the far right was . 
  & nbsp ; breaks your conception that the poor , lost little jews depend on the left to protect them , does n't it ? 
  as a jew , i am baffled by the fact that there are people who do n't see that immigration is creating far more anti-semitism than le pen ( senior , who has no power ) is . 
  & nbsp ; he should still be stripped of immunity . 
  yeah , but immigrants are actually causing problems , and without them the unemployment rate would not be that high , and the government would have more money to spend towards job creation , so there is that . 
  why do you guys keep letting in so many immigrants then ? 
  somebody spreading false stereotypes about the u.s. ? 
  jajajjajajajajjajajajjajajjajajajajja oh gosh so funny everyone who wanted to ensure that people do n't take that seriously are sooo dumm, 
  i would hope ... 
  ... where the fuck do you live ? 
  a kkk member would be chased out of town where i live , and also would 've been where i used to live ( texas 's second largest city ), 
  ... really ? 
  i 'm glad . 
  someone needed to . 
  also worth mentioning that literally noone else on the english-speaking internet thinks that `` scumbag '' is racist . 
  the use of the word `` scumbag '' is racist ? 
  since it appears that english is your second language , i 'll go ahead and define that word for you . 
  scumbag noun informal noun : scumbag ; plural noun : scumbags a contemptible or objectionable person . 
  & nbsp ; here 's another . 
  & nbsp ; scumbag : a person of poor judgement and no class . 
  & nbsp ; the fact that i used that word and you immediately thought of a person of a certain race is on you , not me . 
  ... how ? 
  what the bloody hell are you referring to ? 
  i just said my entire country is made up of immigrants , how is me saying that racist ? 
  was it the use of the word `` scumbag '' . 
  can i not call people from other regions scumbags ? 
  i also mentioned that motivated people go to your country . 
  is the idea that all countries have scumbags and hard-workers offensive to you ? 
  are you just sick of this conversations so you yelled `` racist '' and ran ? 
  & nbsp ; also , i like how you assume i 'm not of middle eastern decent myself ... 
  the difference is , you guys are way south , and so typically it 's the motivated people who go there . 
  it 's a lot harder for a scumbag to get to your or my country than it is to get to france . 
  practically my entire country is of immigrant decent . 
   then you have their new look-it 's - sideways-and-therefore-totally-not-nazi-oh-we-so-smart-you-can ` t-touch-us - !, 
  salute they tried to start using on a large scale & nbsp ; this was started by a immigrant ... and while bad , the immigrants have caused much more problems for the jews and for minorities and common people than the right wing ever will . 
  14 year olds in the u.s. can still be beaten . 
  high , member of a minority group that was persecuted by nazis here . 
  i do n't appreciate your stupid nazi references you 're using for political gain .
