  thanks mate !, 
  i have ancestors from the region . 
  they were jews though , but i still feel a connection to the baltics . 
  and your awesome history . 
  and i think latvia rocks , 
  yes eu bery scared of mighty rusia, 
  please explain to an ignorant american : would the pm of each country decide how their country votes or would their eu reps ? 
  please explain to an ignorant american : would the pm of each country decide how their country votes or would their eu reps ? 
  please explain to an ignorant american : would the pm of each country decide how their country votes or would their eu reps ? 
  please explain to an ignorant american : would the pm of each country decide how their country votes or would their eu reps ? 
  i just see a gigantic north south divide , with the middle countries undecided . 
  but yeah , that too . 
  the structure of that sentence indicated that i was challenging th apologists , not calling anyone naming a country like that apologists . 
  also , have russian tourists and soccer players been attacked ? 
  they are the enemies of the dirt poor too . 
  those concentration camps wo n't fill themselves !, 
  i fucking hate what the soviet union did to your country and others , but is this really the right way ? 
  and he banned protests and was moving to crush the democracy . 
  also = the party that killed and deported and committed mass cruelties against the baltics and eastern europe party . 
  i do n't really believe in censoring speech though . 
  catalun ( is that correct / u/3g6a5w338e ? ), 
  is taught with spanish as the first language children learn , and it 's the language of primary schools . 
  honestly , the languages are very very alike , to the point where i could understand some written catalan because of my decent spanish abilities when i was in catalonia . 
  but as said , let them have their language . 
  i visited catalonia recently , and was extremely impressed with how much you guys respect and continue speaking your language . 
  although when i started reading catalan thinking it was spanish i was very very confused when i came across an apostrophe . 
  wow . 
  i challenge any apologists to name a single other country this could happen to . 
  that 's ... fucking crazy . 
  and this is an american saying that . 
  & nbsp ; edit : wait ... we 're at 19 % ... . . / ... . . / . / . / / . / . 
   these are all public knowledge that five minutes of googling will get you , even the israeli state has gone out of its way to defend in the name of national security . 
  & nbsp ; go ahead and provide a source if you have one . 
  clearly not , but the ones that do act poorly need to be held accountable . 
   t 's just that most of your immigrants are latinos ( and they 're also responsible for much of the crime ) & nbsp ; nope . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/immigration_and_crime#united_states . 
  `` the handbook of crime correlates states that unlike studies outside the us , a majority of studies in the us have found lower crime rates among immigrants than among non-immigrants . 
  again , the country of origin may be more important than immigrant status itself '' & nbsp ;, 
  or ... they did n't exist ? 
  china is guilty of ethnic cleansing too then . 
  so is russia . 
  fuck it , i 'm sure you could make a case for the u.s. or for brazil , considering recent actions . 
  & nbsp ; do you have a source for any of these claims ? 
  no patrick , electronic infitada is n't a source . 
  neither is heilhitler8812.com . 
  ethnic cleansing ? 
  see , this is why i do n't like these `` pro-palestine supporters '' . 
  they are n't interesting in making sense or in actually having a conversation . 
  they just want to show you how liberal and `` caring '' they are . 
  same . 
  bottom 5 ? 
  is that a joke ? 
  i 'll name off like 20 countries worse . 
  argue with any of them . 
  & nbsp ; central african republic & nbsp ; north korea & nbsp ; china & nbsp ; equatorial guinea & nbsp ; saudi arabia & nbsp ; sudan & nbsp ; myanmar & nbsp ; zimbabwe & nbsp ; yemen & nbsp ; egypt & nbsp ; i have to go and eat dinner . 
  i 'll write more later . 
  & nbsp ; did you say it was in the bottom 5 , * easily * ? 
  & nbsp ; whatever , time for more . 
  & nbsp ; russia & nbsp ; somalia & nbsp ; uganda & nbsp ; iran & nbsp ; papau new guinea & nbsp ; brunei & nbsp ; turkmenistan & nbsp ; tell me , were your history degrees from here ? 
  here 's something from the same source . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ay90mskqtre . 
  plus the pm is n't even jewish ... 
  i 'm the same . 
  ... do n't even, 
  not fucking true . 
  he 's referring to the scum attacking jews , raping women , and rampaging through shops , not to the normal muslims who deserve to be let into french society . 
  you have a persecution complex . 
  i wish i had gold to give to this . 
  these people shame the names of hardworking and deserving immigrants . 
  massive protests did not erupt like when da jooz are attacking places . 
  he 's also absolutely vehemently anti-semitic . 
  the actions of the immigrants are absolutely unacceptable . 
  in the u.s. we had many minorities ( italians , irish , jews , middle easterners , indians , poles ) come in , and while they were sometimes discriminated against their communities did n't turn into 3rd world countries and they did n't blame the u.s. for their problems . 
  that 's a bullshit excuse for the rioting . 
  in the u.s. , we 've had fucking waves of that throughout our history , and yet somehow none of the immigrants groups have tried to take over schools or to riot or commit an obscene amount of crimes . 
  i 'm not sure , but it would appear that the original commenter was just rekt by someone who speaks english as a second language . 
   to put it in brute words , they 're typical hoodlums , who happen to be of muslim background and thus side with palestine . 
  & nbsp ; i 'm still really confused as to why you let these kinds of people in to your country ... 
   israel is , against all reason , one of the most jingoistic countries on the planet at the moment , rocking full scale apartheid against palestinians for years and now stepping it up to the point just shy of ethnic cleansing . 
    & nbsp ; you do n't know much about the world if you think that israel is one of it 's worse countries . 
  & nbsp ;  excuse me if i do n't feel shocked by some anti-jewish slogans when hundreds of people are being murdered by nationalistic jewish government . 
  & nbsp ; you could literally excuse any kind of prejudice like this . 
  also , jews in other countries have nothing to do with israel . 
  haha you think chanting stuff about cowardly jews is anti-israel ? 
  also , in english anti-semitic refers exclusively to harassing and discriminating against jews, 
  i 'm pretty sure parts were led in arabic . 
  also , very few people were natives . 
  you ca n't possibly think that people with middle eastern mindsets chanting things about jews are representative of the west . 
  & nbsp ;  trade unions , green parties , and far left parties all over europe supported mad lead these protests . 
  & nbsp ; so they led protests against jews like this one ? 
  yeah , but that is n't very common , while muslims attacking jews is happening across europe . 
  funny how only one is being reported ... 
  take a guess ... 
  ha you think there are westerners at the rally ? 
  because that is n't a common belief among french jews , and is really only a response to all of the attacks on jews by the middle eastern population there . 
  the syrian government is a state actor . 
  maybe they should yell more anti-semitic slogans , that will help . 
  funny how they have n't protested about the far worse crimes in syria ... 
  good , germany is a very wonderful country . 
  capitalism has failed , quick everyone to north korea !,
