  are you kidding ? 
  monarchy is the only way to stability ? 
  our country has been far more stable than monarchies , and it was founded as a anti-monarchy country !, 
  it 's shocking that an american would rather be someone 's bitch than elect their leaders . 
  go live in north korea . 
  and i was clearly kidding . 
  ... wow . 
  did they seriously cite the statute of limitations ? 
  that 's downright embarrassing . 
  & nbsp ; edit : fuck franco and fuck his buddies still in power . 
  i would be an angry-spaniard too ... 
  the poor rapist . 
  organized by a jew, 
  why do you support the monarchy ? 
  are you arguing against democracy ? 
  what the fuck do you think is a better option ? 
  really ? 
  what the hell ? 
  i guess the principle of the who thing is what gets me . 
  i 'm going to spain tomorrow !, 
  i hope to avoid getting punched . 
  & nbsp ; but really doe , why do you guys continue to have kings ? 
  are you celebrating the fact that their ancestors used to oppress yours ? 
  thousands , not millions . 
  yeah i already know about those . 
  is south korea or north korea better off now ? 
  but yes , what we did in a lot of places , including latin america , is shameful . 
  nice idea , but there 's a clear reason why this idea would n't work . 
  you will turn in to the shitty countries that the immigrants were trying to leave . 
  why do n't you import the entire population of pakistan and somalia and russia to your country ? 
  should n't everyone be treated the same ? 
   that guy 's only contributions to reddit so far are blackface-level anti-senegal posts in fake broken italian . 
  & nbsp ; ... what could possibly be this moron 's motivation ? 
   immigrants should operate under a one strike and you 're out . 
  if they 're not here to contribute positively they should be here at all . 
  & nbsp ; are you offended that an immigrant who commits a crime might be kicked out of a country ? 
  at least their letters are bloody beautiful . 
  my sweet spanish teacher suddenly turned very serious and told me to watch for roma - as terrible as that sounds - when in spain . 
  it might apply in dublin too , but obviously do n't be prejudiced . 
  this is a textbook example of why germany has troubles when it wants to limit immigration . 
  but the people on my tv keep telling me the u.s. is number one !?!?!, 
  & nbsp ; but in all seriousness , mad props to the uk for edging out all of the other super impressive countries included in this study . 
  they really cleaned shop ... 
  i was a bit surprised by norway 's lackluster performance though . 
  & nbsp ; also , eli5 , would this mean that the fears about the new health care reforms the conservatives were proposing never came to frutation ? 
  yes a retarded baseless claim proved me wrong . 
  which is funny , since their economy is 8 + times the size, 
  also , look at [ this ] ( http://issuu.com/earthinstitute/docs/worldhappinessreport2013_online ) . 
  flip to page 23 for the start of the individual countries ranked by the survey results on happiness . 
  as you could probably guess , the west and our friends dominate . 
  oh gosh ... good luck my friend . 
  i will be absolutely pressuring the living crap out of my government to support you guys until then  . 
  really ? 
  my bad then . 
  oh my gosh do n't even start that . 
  more than 70 % were women and children . 
  http://www.theinsidereport.org/travelstories/sovietwarcrimessiberia.htm & nbsp ; the same way the nazis are considered responsible for the people who died in their cattle care , the soviets are responsible for the children and people who died in theirs , and it was simply nothing less than slaughter . 
  cool , i saw the flag , but thought that it was possible that you grew up with both . 
  both . 
  they did both . 
  no kidding . 
  '' ... calling on his socialist party to back his government 's business-friendly reform plans '' & nbsp ; prettty sure no one votes fn for that ... 
  wow ... 
  this is awful . 
  pretty interesting that this one random site 's story went viral . 
  it says a lot about the ability for things to spread on the web . 
  and murdered them . 
  millions of children , women and men were slaughtered so that stalin could keep his grip on power easier . 
  russia killed innocent people , and millions of them . 
  fuck you . 
  whoever misses the soviet union has no heart . 
  the same way i do n't miss slavery or the native genocide . 
  holodomor and the deportations need to be taught like the holocaust in schools . 
  and this is a jew saying that . 
  good . 
  & nbsp ; `` in estonia , the planned extermination of the prominent and active persons , as well as the displacement of large groups of people were intended to destroy the estonian society and economy . 
  the lists of people to be repressed were prepared well in advance . 
  from the files of the soviet security organs , it seems that already in the early 1930 's the soviet security organs had collected data on persons to be subjected to repressions . '', 
  & nbsp ; this was truly chilling . 
  dude , congrats for making them think you 're a native english speaker !, 
  ( are you actually a native english speaker ? ), 
  i got portuagese / . 
  i got the exact same thing , but with portuagese as the second guess for my native language . 
  results : 1 . 
  ebonics 2 . 
  ebonics 3 . 
  huh . 
  their number 2 guess for my native language was portuagese , with the first obviously being english . 
  well , jews have actually been persecuted . 
  & nbsp ; but yeah , that was a stupid comment . 
  if you said you wanted to leave because you hate how women and gays and jews have rights in scotland , then ja . 
  exactly . 
  the same way the jewish population in the u.s. tends to be more pro-western values ( israeli jews as a whole are a bit more conservative on gay rights , respect for other religions , etc. ) . 
  same for asian immigrants , but large asian countries are just as close to europe so it 's a bit different . 
   tell me how minority culture is bugging you . 
  welll ... . 
  besides forcing girls to sit in the back of classrooms in england and harassing jews all over the continent ... not much . 
  & nbsp ; it 's a small minority , but one that should not be let in to the country . 
  & nbsp ;  you racist fuck & nbsp ; i insulted the culture , not the people . 
  i can insult saudi arabia for their treatment of women or a certain country for a denial of a genocide they committed  & nbsp ; also , i 'm of middle eastern decent so prolly not .
