  there is an interesting documentary which is on youtube from time team : britain 's drowned world . 
  it 's about the areas that are now underwater , mostly about humans , but the area used to have ` exotic ' animals that you would usually associate with africa . 
  they are the same species , which is their ` problem ' : they can interbreed . 
  european wildcats have returned to the southern part of the netherlands for example , but the main ` wild ' cat population are feral cats , domesticated cats , which originate from africa . 
  i think they have slightly longer hind-legs , a more bushy tail , and a slightly wider skull compared to most domestic cats . 
  they are also brown with black stripes , like a tabby cat , except tabby cats are often grey instead of brown . 
  there are a small number of wilcats in the netherlands now , but they will likely just disappear into the feral domestic cat population , which probably numbers in the thousands . 
  they are essentially just cats from a population that has n't been domesticated . 
  i think that 's just britain where that grey squirrel is outcompeting the red one . 
  we still have lots of red squirrels . 
  haha !, 
  hedgehogs are interesting , but somewhat common . 
  we put some dry cat food out for a stray cat , but it would often be claimed by a hedgehog : cat could n't do anything about it . 
  hedgehogs are n't that afraid of cats , or people , but they are sort of nocturnal , so you generally only see them in the evening . 
  they were also attracted to the smell of our outside garbage bin . 
  i clearly remember that our other cat basically ignored the hedgehog , even though it walked right past her , and the hedgehog ignored her as well : the cat knew it could n't mess with it , and vice versa . 
  i never had a cool cat jumper and i 've never been to lowlands  i grew up in a somewhat posh neighbourhood though , and went to a posh primary school . 
  i could earn money ( my parents ' money , or grandparents ' money ) by getting good grades , so yeah , it was a bit more privileged than the average person . 
  but i did n't really spend money at the time , i often walked or cycled around without any money on me , aside from a few coins to be used as bus fare in case my bicycle broke down . 
  i 'm not saying this is what happened here , but in some places people may feel insulted for some reason if you speak to them in a broken version of their language , when it 's obvious that you are british . 
  he might have been waiting for you to ask if it 's ok to speak english ? 
  ah , school pride does n't really exist here . 
  there was no competetition of any kind with other schools for example , and sports were n't really important . 
  most people in my class put in just a token effort at gym class . 
  must have been the most boring football ( soccer ) matches ever , half the people were just chatting and only moved when the ball came near them . 
  our school was particularly good at forever ruining any interest in sports by forcing students to gym class . 
  hehe . 
  i still think it 's more useful than having your kid work some silly job , nobody is going to care if you put `` filling shelves at the local grocery store at age 15 '' on your cv . 
  so it 's easier for parents to just throw some money at the ` problem ' and tell the kid to focus on school . 
  shots fired . 
  but yeah , it 's clear there is a common origin , and that we are essentially swamp germans . 
  it would be more correct to say they all come from west germanic languages , and that standard dutch , standard german , luxembourgish , etc are just standardised versions of local dialects of the broader west germanic languages . 
  german . 
  similar to dutch , and i had german in school , but i rarely use the language . 
  i ca n't actively speak it beyond basic sentences , but i can mostly follow the german news . 
  i was a kid during that time , but it was n't the case for me . 
  when i suggested looking for a part-time job , my parents just offered me money to not get a job , and told me to focus on my education . 
  i think there is a difference in attitude here : here it is seen as posh if your kids do not need a job for money . 
  not germany , but the netherlands : generally , high school kids get money from their parents , and some have a part-time job ( extremely low wages ) . 
  until recently , the drinking age was 16 ( just beer/wine ) , so my parents just gave me money to go to the pub . 
  they were opposed to me getting a job and wanted me to focus on education and school , and when i suggested looking for a job they just gave me money . 
  i got money for showing report cards with good grades , also from my grandparents . 
  as a college/university student , you can borrow money at extremely favourable terms and with almost zero interest . 
  when i was a student in the early 2000s , you would get paid extra student benefits if your parents were poor . 
  if your parents were n't poor , they were expected to support you financially while you were studying . 
  that 's also a difference from the usa and large parts of europe . 
  i know that there is college football/baseball or whatever , and that it will benefit your education if you are a good athlete . 
  but that 's not the case here , sports and education/career are not linked at all . 
  the most sports i ever did was one hour of judo a week , so there was plenty of time left for other things . 
  in the netherlands you need the right kind of high school diploma to be allowed to enter college/university . 
  high schools are tiered : - vmbo/mavo : allows entry into mbo , which is comparable to a trade school i guess . 
  - havo : allows you to enter hbo , which is translated to english as university of applied sciences or something : it gives you the equivalent of a bachelor 's degree . 
  - vwo ( atheneum , gymnasium ) : allows entry into university , where you can get both bachelor 's and master 's degrees . 
  this ` seperation ' happens at age 12-13 or so . 
  you can move up a tier if your grades are good , or move down a tier if you ca n't keep up . 
  my parents always stressed education . 
  i wanted to get a part time job , in part to see what it 's like , but my parents told me i should focus on my education . 
  they did not forbid me to take a job , but they gave me more money than i could make at that age , just for not taking a job , so i just took the money and focused on school . 
  school was my job . 
  they also stressed that education had inherent value , and not just for getting a job , as it expands your worldview . 
  and that leisure time was important . 
  a good degree makes you most ` posh ' , a side-job at the local grocery store does n't . 
  my parents did n't really like me having a part time job when i was in school , they told me that my education was more important , and would rather just give me money than me finding a job . 
  school was my job . 
  they also stressed that leisure time was important . 
  and 20 hours a week ? 
  wow . 
  that 's a lot on top of school . 
  i took a bunch of extra courses , so time spend on schoolwork ( at school + homework ) was easily 30-40 hours a week already , so that 's considered a full-time job already . 
  besides , wages for people under 23 are really low , so it would n't really make sense to work at that age . 
  i remember i was often paid or otherwise rewarded for good grades . 
  my parents stressed that i was doing the schoolwork for my own benefit , but i did get some money for a good report card , and also from my grandparents . 
  my grandparents on both sides were very frugal ( cheapskates ) , but for good reason : they lived through the financial crisis in the 30s and through ww2 , where they almost starved to death . 
  after the war there were shortages of pretty much everything for years . 
  but they still gave me quite a lot of money for doing well in school , while they were re-using teabags ( and not because they were poor , but because they did n't want to waste anything ) . 
  eastern europe does n't have a lot of people of non-european descent . 
  western european countries generally have non-european minorities , for example because of the colonial history , or guest workers from the 20th century . 
  so people in western europe are used to non-white people because they meet them in real life , and see them in the media . 
  large parts of eastern europe were pretty closed up and closeted from the outside world . 
  they often did n't have access to foreign media . 
  i remember a westerner traveling behind the iron curtain , and he could bribe people with nudie mags , because they could n't get access to them . 
  those people were mostly closed off from the cultural changes that happened in the west , and are essentially part of a shared culture : everyone in the netherlands heard about martin luther king and the civil rights movement in the us , and about apartheid and nelson mandela in south africa . 
  and the cultural bubble works both ways : i have seen a lot of american and british movies or tv shows , and a bunch of german and french ones , but i 've never seen any from the former eastern block countries . 
  another one is homosexuality and same-sex marriage . 
  the americas and europe are more or less headed in the same direction : more acceptance of homosexuality , and same-sex partnerships or marriage . 
  but russia has a new law that essentially bans gay rights activism . 
  another thing : i think that the way people talk about racism in the us versus europe is pretty different . 
  in the us it 's mostly skin colour and appearance : black , white , asian , hispanic . 
  in europe it 's often more about ethnicity and language . 
  poland is almost 100 % ethnically polish . 
  the country has been oppressed by germans and russians at times in its history . 
  after ww2 , all ethnic germans were thrown out of the country , even if they had lived there for generations , but they were just unlucky to have a german name . 
  they were culturally similar , generally all christian , all look more or less the same , but they were still deported . 
  i remember seeing a polish man on tv ( who was too young to have been in ww2 ) who said he hated germans . 
  when asked whether he meant the nazis and not modern germans , he specifically said he hated all germans . 
  you probably noticed in your travels that there were n't a lot of people of non-european descent in poland . 
  in the netherlands , i think about 20 % of people are of non-european origin . 
  some of our larger minorities : indonesians , moroccans , turks , and people from the caribbean or suriname . 
  also , there are assholes everywhere . 
  sometimes you just meet a loon who is looking for trouble .
