  i 've often had salmon for dinner , with boiled potatoes and a vegetable such as carrots or peas , somewhat like this : [ salmon , peas , potatoes ] ( https://www.ah.nl.kpnis.nl/static/recepten/img_004906_445x297_jpg.jpg ) or [ this ] ( https://img.static-smb.be/a/food/image/q100/w480/h360/1076110/gebakken-zalm-met-boontjes-en-broccoli.jpg ) it 's a somewhat popular party snack . 
  such as in [ this picture ] ( http://www.palingexpress.nl/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/palingexpress-plate1.png ) , where the bread in the center has smoked salmon with pickled capers on it , with either butter or garlic butter/cheese . 
  the stuff on the left looks like shrimp with ` cocktailsaus ' ( a mix of mayonaisse and ketchup ) , and the on the right it 's smoked eel ( probably uncommon in the us : it is n't called the european eel for no reason , as its lifecycle involves swimming to the atlantic to breed , and then swimming back to the rivers in europe . 
  smoked eel is delicious though . ), 
  i personally ca n't stand fishbones , so salmon or eel are great ways to still eat fish for me . 
  i do n't eat it a lot , as both are fairly expensive . 
  a while ago i was at a party where they had a whole cooked ( baked ? ), 
  salmon , and people could scrape off chunks of meat . 
  we are entering / r/foodporn territory here . 
  that fish was yuuuge . 
  could the catholic bit come from the saxon part of the family ? 
  i 'm also a bit saxon btw . 
  my grandmother came from the low saxon area in the north of the netherlands . 
  recovering from drinking on king 's day . 
  and of course drinking . 
  it 's not really something that comes up a lot in the netherlands . 
  but it 's not controversial or political in any way , aside from perhaps a few lunatic conspiracy people . 
  only some 20-25 % of people believe in god , and religion is generally considered a private affair and not something people talk about . 
  there are dutch words for it though : vrijmetselaar , vrijmetselaarij . 
  it is hard to define . 
  ethnicitiy is sometimes also very hard to define . 
  but i would look at language as something practical . 
  if you live in an area where they speak french , you should learn french . 
  let 's take belgium as an example : if you live there , in my opinion you should at least learn the language of the region you live in , so generally dutch or french . 
  not even every native speaks both languages , not by far . 
  if you live in li\u00e8ge and speak french you become part of the walloon community , and if you live in antwerp and speak dutch you are with the flemish community . 
  interestingly , walloon has the same meaning as welsh : it means foreigner , someone who does n't speak a germanic language . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walhaz so even in ancient times people considered language a defining feature of what people you belonged to . 
  and in the roman empire people could become citizens regardless of ethnic origin , especially in the later roman empire , but people were often still considered ethnically greek or gothic or whatever . 
  many countries also have a lingua franca . 
  even germany has many dialects and regional languages that are not really mutually intelligible , but everyone learns standard german at school . 
  similar in britain : some people may speak welsh or gaelic or scots , but they all learn english as well . 
  i could travel all over britain and ireland and do fine with just english . 
  but perhaps if you lived in a community were people mostly speak a minority language , you might want to learn that language as well to blend in . 
  i know someone who went to live in ( dutch ) frisia , and he learned frisian , even though everyone there also speaks dutch . 
  it 's just that the daily language is frisian . 
  it 's often hard to see what is unique in your own culture . 
  language is a major thing though , you 'll always be ` the foreigner ' if you do n't speak the local language . 
  it 's likely the biggest disaster since the floods of 1953 : some 1800 people died there , and the population was only 10 million compared to 17 million today , so that was a pretty large proportion of the people at the time , much larger even than mh17 . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/north_sea_flood_of_1953 soem raltives were sort of at the edge of that disaster when he was a kid in 1953 , and they mainly remember that they saw dead cows floating upstream , washed up into he rivers by the north sea flood . 
  also , ww2 is probably the main disaster for the country . 
  this is where my grandmother used to live : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotterdam_blitz over 2 % of the population died in ww2 , and there are memorials everywhere . 
  that 's probably ( and sadly ) one of the defining features of dutch history ; the war . 
  do n't they have sheep in the us ? 
  they could just make haggis locally . 
  i think restrictions on importing meats are mostly just for disease control . 
  i 'm pretty sure the ingredients for haggis are available in the usa . 
  also , some organ meat is pretty good . 
  liver paste/spread/pat \u00e9 for example . 
  it 's popular on bread , and slices of liverwurst are also popular as a traditional party snack . 
  when i was little , kids were offered a free slice of liverwurst at the butcher shop when out shopping with the parents . 
  we have serial killers ? 
  it is spelled * ijsberg * in dutch , but the pronunciation is similar . 
  iceland for example is ijsland in dutch . 
  the words are similar in german ( and of course dutch is more or less just a variety of german : both are on a dialect continuum with low saxon , luxembourgish , limburgish , swiss german etcetera ) . 
  dutch is far closer to german than it is to english . 
  some of the dialects/regional languages of the border regions are pretty much the same as the regional languages just across the border . 
  limburgish comes to mind : the dialect sounds fairly similar to german , at least to me . 
  to germans it probably sounds like dutch . 
  you do n't deal with parking meters that way . 
  you hang a tire around them , fill it with gasoline , and light them up . 
  it 's how we deal with [ speed cameras ] ( http://www.112brabant.nl/data/news/63/124768.jpg ) . 
  when i was a student , i set fire to a lot of stuff while drunk , and in hindsight that probably was n't that safe . 
  i also was at a party once and there were shards of broken glass all over the floor , and drunken me slipped , and i fell hands-first into bits of glass . 
  it was a good thing i was completely shitfaced : it would have hurt otherwise . 
  i have heard that sometimes drunk people have a higher survival rate in serious accidents , because they do n't panic and just let it happen . 
  of course , it 's swamp german . 
  yeah , dutch is only considered a language because it diverged from germany/holy roman empire politically , otherwise it would probably be considered a dialect of german . 
  afrikaans is pretty similar to dutch , there are regional languages/dialects in the netherlands that are harder to understand than afrikaans . 
  spook . 
  which is essentially dutch . 
  the confusion here is that in dutch mp means minister president ( prime minister ) , and not ` member of parliament ' . 
  there is a clear difference between a member of a political party and a member of parliament , representing a party in lower/upper houses ( tweede/eerste kamer ) . 
  anyone can become a member of a political party , and that generally just means that you can go to party conventions and vote on what should be in the party platform . 
  most people are not members of a political party . 
  if you wanted to contact a member of parliament you would probably either first pick the party you support , and then look for the spokesperson for that party on the specific issue you want to talk about . 
  most parties have their mps focus on certain policy areas , rather than on local districts . 
  officially , mayors are appointed by the king and not elected , but in practice it 's the political parties deciding who will become mayor in a certain town , and the king making it official . 
  i do n't even know who the mayor of my hometown is . 
  i could n't name a single name of a representative in my city , or in my province even . 
  it 's mostly about national politics for most people . 
  the country is pretty small . 
  to add to what / u/luobe said , thor and odin are the old norse versions of the germanic religion , which likely varied quite a bit by region as it was an oral tradition . 
  we just know more about the norse version because of the poetic and prose eddas from iceland . 
  there is little written down about the other varieties of germanic religion . 
  the dutch name for thor is donar , and thursday is called ` donderdag ' ( thunder-day ) . 
  odin is called wodan , and wednesday is ` woensdag ' . 
  there is even a town called woensdrecht ( wodan 's ford ) . 
  in a similar manner english has wednesday and towns such as wednesbury . 
  well , we are apparently fascists according to erdogan , so that ship has sailed well before the outcome of this referendum . 
  it was really famous in the netherlands as well . 
  and of course [ in nije dei ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47qg6vf-jzm ) , also in frisian . 
  and this [ parody ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=whp31clyxrq ) is in dutch with a frisian accent and a lot of frisian words , and it references both those songs . 
  there are resources in the sidebar of / r/languagelearning and / r/german for learning german . 
  and after a while classes are no more use : it 's all about immersion once you know basic grammar and have decent vocabulary . 
  then you should just try to use the languages like the natives do , such as by consuming german-language media . 
  i 've had german in school , which was n't incredibly hard as it 's similar to dutch , but i rarely use it , so i have forgotten much . 
  well , when i heard ` good pay ' i assumed it would be way more than minimum wage . 
  i know a german who was put to work doing gardening work at a hospital instead of military service . 
  i do n't get why anyone would be willing to do that involuntary if they do n't get a decent wage .
