  that we are horribly unprepared for snowstorms , because it rarely snows here , 
  i looked it up at wikipedia , does n't even show up . 
  is this some strange fringe leftist group ? 
  are n't they in power in france ? 
  macron ? 
   but soon all shall be burned . 
  the west has failed . 
  it shall all go up in a great fire , and all shall be ended . 
  ash !, 
  ash and smoke blown away on the wind !, 
  in ashes . 
  it is sad that the leftist parties ca n't work together for some reason . 
  they still wo n't get a majority , but they would have had a stronger position to negotiate if they were n't so split up into different small parties . 
  because the largest leftist party only has 15/150 seats , so 10 % . 
  it 's probably just that english has such irregular spelling that spelling bees make sense . 
  in some languages , you pretty much know how to spell a word when you hear it , because the spelling is nearly phonetic . 
  if she is studying in slovenia , how about slovenia ? 
  it seems impractical to try anything else if that is where she will live for the next year . 
  just to add , i think that / r/askeurope does n't have a catalan flag , so some catalans who do n't want to use the spanish flag pick something else . 
  yes , i 've watched the big lebowski several times a year for nearly 10 years . 
  and i 've been reading lotr for over 20 years , and i read bits of it almost daily . 
  and i 'm not the only one : tolkien 's books are of the kind that people read over and over again . 
  i 'm still discovering new things . 
  that either means i 'm really dense and did n't get it the first time , or that the books were meant for re-reading . 
  aaah , that must be exhausting . 
  yes !, 
  some movies ( or books ) get better on subsequent views , because they are very self-referencing . 
  the big lebowski is an example of a movie that works that way . 
  it has very little plot , so it 's not trying to capture the viewer 's interest by being curious as to how the narrative will unfold , but it has a lot of dialogue that gets funnier the more often you hear it . 
  it 's a movie where you keep noticing new things . 
  as for a book example : the lord of the rings . 
  it 's one of those books people read over and over . 
  the basic plot is fairly simple , but there is just so much going on behind the scenes that is just hinted at . 
  i 've been re-reading the book for over 20 years . 
  of course this does n't work for plot-based stories such as thrillers or detective shows , because once you know who is going to die or whodunnit , all suspense is gone , and rewatching is useless . 
  but for stories that are n't based on plot suspense , re-watching/reading might be what they were made for . 
  edit : looking through this thread , i saw both the big lebowski and the lord of the rings ( book ) mentioned . 
  i guess they were meant to be watched/read multiple times . 
  yeah , our mega project is currently just trying to form a new government coalition . 
  if they succeed , it 'll probably cost billions to realise their stupid policies . 
  day 76 . 
  as a dutch speaker , german word order is fairly similar , except they have the fun habit of throwing auxiliary verbs to the end of sentences . 
  this is done in dutch as well , but it sounds a bit archaic . 
  i think this might be why people historically had a latinised version of their name , so they could unleash latin grammar on it with the case endings . 
  learning them is n't easy . 
  it just * seems * that natives know them intuitively , but they 've been around them from birth . 
  it 's something you just need a lot of exposure to , and after a while you 'll remember . 
  but it 's important to remember it 's a type of noun class , and not necessarily related to biological gender . 
  example from dutch and german : * het kind * , * das kind * . 
  obviously a child has a biological gender that is generally either masculine or feminine , but the word is neuter . 
  now i 'll try to give some advice that might be helpful . 
  i 'll use german as an example , but genders obviously vary a lot by language . 
  when learning vocabulary , make sure to learn the gender at the same time . 
  in german , you can hear gender from the definite particle , so learn that together with the word , and ( for german at least ) , also learn the plural , as german has some irregular plurals as well . 
  so : - der mann , die m\u00e4nner ( the man , the men ) - die frau , die frauen ( the woman , the women ) - das kind , die kinder ( the child , the children ) interestingly , these are also irregular plurals in english . 
  of course german also has the case system in which gender is also involved , making things more difficult . 
  and as for usefulness ? 
  languages are not built for optimal usefulness , but they evolve , similar to biological evolution . 
  i 've heard the theory that grammatical gender ( or rather , noun class ) makes it easier for natives to distinguish between words and makes it easier to follow a sentence , because of the differentiation ( which is n't difficult for natives , as they already know the genders ) . 
  yes , although most primary schools also teach some english , so pupils generally know a bit of english already when they start secondary school at age 12 . 
  secondary education is divided into a few ` tiers ' after they finish primary school at 12 , depending on performance in primary school ( you can move up or down in secondary school as well , depending on grades ) : - vmbo/mavo : prepares for trade school - havo : 5 years , prepares for ` hbo ' ( college , essentially a bachlor 's degree ) - vwo ( gymnasium/atheneum ) : 6 years , prepares for university . 
  today it follows the international system of bachelor --  master . 
  for vwo , the gymnasium is the classical education , and atheneum is of the same tier but generally replaces the classics with a modern language . 
  english is mandatory at every level , and a few years of french and german is generally mandatory as well . 
  i had english , french , german , and spanish . 
  i think that generally speaking , dutch people reach a fairly good level of english , can speak very basic german , know a few phrases in french or latin/greek/spanish / whatever , so it 's not as impressive as it sounds . 
  also in reply to / u/assorted-jellybeans , it is essentially one of the secondary school types , the highest one that allows access to university . 
  i do n't think there is really any hebrew education . 
  but the ` highest ' tier of education is called vwo , which prepares you for university . 
  gymnasium is the classical education with latin and ancient greek , while atheneum is the same tier but without the classical stuff ( but often a modern language instead , such as spanish ) . 
  both are vwo , so allow access to university . 
  the problem here is that he wanted ` fewer ' moroccans , which implies that he wants to reduce the amount of moroccans that are already here , most of whom are dutch citizens , and many were even born here . 
  if he had just said `` i do n't want immigration from outside the eu '' he would have been fine . 
  is n't it worse if the us president is going to fuck over the climate worldwide and you ca n't even vote on it , such as europeans ? 
   `` from this day forward ... '', 
  it 's a sunday , without shitposting on reddit we would have nothing to occupy our time with . 
  i think it 's likely there are . 
  if a cat gives birth in the wild , and the kittens are not used to people , you will likely never see them as they will avoid cities . 
  in the netherlands , true wildcats are very rare , but there are thousands of feral cats . 
  one thing i dislike in these questions is that they often conflate several issue into one question . 
  should roads and electricity be run by the government ? 
  those are two seperate questions !, 
  you can agree with both , either , or neither . 
  anyway , i 'm a centrist patriotic liberal progressive , aka [ liberal ] ( https://8values.github.io/results.html?e=53.7&amp;d=38.8&amp;g=68.5&amp;s=69.9 ) . 
  but for the l2 speakers , obviously english is their native language . 
  i 'm very much in favour of preserving heritage languages or regional languages , but for someone who is just looking for a job in ireland , english would be far more useful . 
  91 % of people in the netherlands claim to speak english . 
  does n't really mean anything . 
  in practice , english is the native language for most people in ireland . 
  it would call it more of a heritage language . 
  i think new zealand . 
  fairly temperate climate , nice economy , and they speak english , and culturally similar , so not actually very adventurous . 
  so essentially what i 'm saying is that i would rather stay here , i ca n't think of a better place to be . 
  it 's a great line . 
  do n't forget the anthem is not us singing , but it 's supposed to be from the pov of william of orange . 
  the whole `` of german blood '' , `` the king of spain i 've always honoured '' are his opinions , not ours . 
  i have no idea what the bbc specifically costs here , but i pay some 30 euroes i think for a package of internet + tv with 30 channels . 
  bbc1/2 are just two channels in there . 
  there are also bbc programmes aired on dutch channels , subtitled . 
  i guess the bbc also gets some money from that .
