  from what i understand , you pay more for such acts at certain other establishments as well . 
  if a tip is obligatory , why is it not just included in the price ? 
  i do n't need to pay seperately for the wages of grocery store workers or car mechanics . 
  i know that you ca n't change it as an employee , but the problem here really lies with employers and possibly a lack of a normal minimum wage . 
  it might also be why eating out is sometimes relatively expensive in many european countries . 
  anything a human has to touch immediately doubles in value , as the employer has to pay people at least a minimum wage , and there are a lot of taxes and duties the employer has to pay for as well . 
  for low-wage jobs , an employee costs an employer roughly double of what the employee makes . 
  that 's before the taxes the employee has to pay himself . 
  and why is it just waiters that are expecting tips ? 
  do people tip their hairdressers or accountants ? 
  their bank ? 
  finnish what ? 
  have you read about their mythology ? 
  every character lives a miserable life and then commits suicide . 
  in amsterdam they restricted airbnb , you can only rent out your room for a few weeks a year , so it 's not attractive to foreign investors anymore . 
  we are the true franks . 
  i was n't too serious . 
  but it does seem funny that this person tries to give europe the finger , while they are screwing over themselves . 
  nah , i 've never met an irish person in my life , it 's just the local pubs seeking a reason for people to drink beer  when i was a student everything was a good reason to drink beer , even though we did n't really need a reason . 
  wow , that looks amazing !, 
  we also had st patrick 's day parties in the netherlands , but that was usually with music the dubliners and suchlike . 
  and beer . 
  and were they playing the indiana jones theme there , or the zelda theme ? 
  they just sound so similar to me . 
  and that guy is still partially the origin of our system of law . 
  his brother louis napol\u00e9on was a decent guy who was actually interested in the needs of the local people . 
  and while napol\u00e9on bonaparte might have been a bit bellicose , his actions led to the creation of our modern state . 
  it actually turned us into a monarchy , and not much later into a constitutional monarchy . 
  is that why you live on those islands ? 
  so you wo n't need to smell our stinky weed , but just sheepshit instead ? 
  what does his age have to with it ? 
  it 's not like people magically become more responsible when they turn 40 . 
  if they were idiots at 20 , they 'll probably be idiots at 40 as well . 
  i know it sounds a bit snide , but trump is 70 and he 's not exactly the most rational person . 
  sorry for the * tu coque * . 
  please do n't go !, 
  we 'll make st patrick 's day a europe-wide holiday . 
  at least you remain , 
  nobody knows what that sign means anway . 
  so they are taunting us with leaving the eu , which harms them more than it harms us , and then they come up with an insult that nobody understands ? 
  way to go britain !, 
  it 's time for those island-germans to come back to their senses . 
  that 's just like , your opinion , man . 
  [ we got four more detectives working on the case . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v7acd4q0lp0 ), 
  somehow the wind always blows from the wrong direction . 
  that helps , but it also means there is a lot of wind . 
  i think those areas are more hilly and mountainous , so that could be a reason . 
  all motorways lead to the benelux ? 
  i 've been over it by car , and that 's just about the right amount of time . 
  cycling would take too long in my opinion , and it basically all looks the same : sea on one side ( which you ca n't really see most of the time , because of the ` dike ' , and a lake on the other , and just that road ahead of you . 
  well , that 's settled then , because this is not a dike . 
  it 's a dam . 
  that is the name . 
  it consists of a few elements : - dijk : it means dike . 
  technically incorrect , because a dike is a wall between land and water , and this is between sea and lake . 
  it is a dam , but at the time is was built and named , there were plans to drain the lake and build another polder there . 
  - afsluit : ` afsluiten ' is a verb , meaning ` to lock out/off ' . 
  the ` ui ' sound is somewhat similar to the old greek ` eu ' . 
  but this is from 2003 , i do n't think our man-made earthquakes had started to occur at that time . 
  depressingly dark and short days during winter . 
  going to school in the dark , and going home and it 's dark again . 
  the grey skies and the mist . 
  also , in the south you have mountains , and the mediterranean sea , and weather that is fit for going to the beach . 
  here in the netherlands everything is flat , no hills or mountains really , and it 's usually too cold for going to the beach . 
  we get some 2 weeks of nice weather every year , 
  map is from 2003 . 
  and this is from 2003 . 
  there have been lots of earthquakes in the north of the netherlands since then , because of the huge amounts of natural gas that have been extracted from the province of groningen . 
  because those states do n't have a lot of local muslims to recruit among the locals . 
  the attacks in france , britain and belgium were mostly european moslims . 
  perhaps burning man is a brand of vodka ? 
  because the guy did save the vodka before he had to flee . 
  public transport is always shit . 
  why do you think people buy cars ? 
  let 's make europe great again !, 
  this is something i also can not understand . 
  they picked two of the most unlikable people to run for president . 
  was there seriously no one better to be found ? 
  or because their vote would be worthless because of the district system . 
  if your area always votes rep or dem , your vote will be worthless . 
  and who votes for the greens or libertarians ? 
  the us needs proportional representation . 
  you can easily vote before or after work , but yeah , employers need to let you go if you want to vote . 
  but the voting stations are open a long time , and there are many of them , so it is really not much effort to vote . 
  if you live in a city , there will be a voting booth within walking distance . 
  you only have to show up , show your id , and hand in the card that was automatically sent to you in the mail . 
  no registering or anything . 
  if you are unable to go , you can sign your card and give it to someone you trust , and have them vote for you . 
  we vote on wednesdays . 
  i know some countries vote on sundays , but the days of the weekend are controversial because of the major religions . 
  we certainly could n't vote on a sunday here . 
  but yeah , fix the voting system . 
  and while you 're at it , also turn into some form of proportional representation , or you 'll always be stuck with two sucky parties and everyone else does n't even stand a chance . 
  probably just because it was before your time , because it was a major scandal at the time . 
  i remember it was discussed in school . 
  the rainbow warrior is even mentioned in some old songs . 
  the word is similar in dutch : potatoes are ` aardappels ' , ` earth-apples ' . 
  massive spoiler for dutch kids watching ep4/5 . 
  there are also systems where they use both .
