  and we often had mashed potatoes with stuff mixed in : [ stamppot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot ) . 
  i am of the potato people , it 's my favourite food . 
  the potato people just call that dinner . 
  moist dinner . 
  i only recently heard of that yellow claw/opposites song thunder , from the radio . 
  i had n't heard of it when it first came out . 
  it 's a bit of a reference to thunderdome , a major part the hardcore/gabber music scene that started in the 90s ( when i went to high school ) . 
  that weird dance style is called ` hakken ' ( not the last bits though , that is just some weird stuff ) . 
  and that 's what trips up people who are not used to driving manual : they use the left leg for the brakes , but use it like they use clutch : full force . 
  my third leg ca n't reach that far . 
  perhaps i worded it wrongly , i do n't mind if they recycle news in 24 or 48 hour cycles , to give everyone the opportunity to hear it . 
  but if they keep talking about plane 370 for weeks and weeks without actually having new information , it becomes a bit bothersome . 
  yeah , the plane crashed in the ocean , they 're not going to really find anything every day . 
  they might as well sink all of the british isles since they killed top gear . 
  and since stephen fry quit qi ( although i think sandi toksvig does a really good job as well . 
  i do feel that there are fewer knob jokes though ) . 
  seriously though , please stay !, 
  not really , but we have news until the late news starts at midnight for the last time , and then it goes on repeat , and at 0400 or so text-news starts , and there are new news bulletins at 0600 or so . 
  but that 's one 24 hour cycle , so it makes sense that they recycle the news of the day . 
  what i meant was that on cnn they kept talking about mh17 for months , without actually coming up with much new information ( and it not being that relevant either : it 's just a plane crash , these things happen ) . 
  i fel there was a disproportionate time spent on stuff that does n't really affect the viewers . 
  now that i 'm typing it i actually remember that it 's the wrong plane crash i 'm talking about . 
  i meant the malaysia airlines plane that disappeared into the ocean . 
  i meant plane 370 . 
  we do n't have much of a 24 hour economy anyway , pretty much everyone is asleep well before midnight . 
  oh , and i have cnn , but it is cnn international . 
  they are in large part the same as cnn in the us , but they are not exactly the same . 
  right now it 's showing the inauguration ball , waiting for the trumps to show up at the last ( ? ), 
  one . 
  probably not different from the american version . 
  i find it fascinating how different news ` feels ' between different countries . 
  news here is usually quite restrained and ` boring ' , but also a bit more informal . 
  i remember when mh17 crashed , cnn ( the only american channel i have on my old tv ) kept talking about it for months . 
  `` breaking news !, 
  mh17 has n't been found . 
  [ * some speculation with a with a talking head * ] . 
  we 'll be right back , after this break ! '', 
  i think the difference in script is a huge barrier . 
  of course you could set your computer keyboard or phone to cyrillic or the other way around , the latin script , but that 's probably not something most people do . 
  and it 's as dalnore said , just learning a language in school is n't useful unless you use it like a native . 
  i know english more because of english/american media , such as movies , tv shows , computer games . 
  if your native languages has few speakers , things wo n't get translated so much . 
  you can easily live in russia without knowing a single word in another language . 
  but when i went to college/university , almost all learning materials were in english . 
  there is a difference : practically everyone in the us speaks english as a first or second language , which means that you can have national media . 
  everyone could understand cnn or fox news , or read the financial times . 
  the number of languages in europe is pretty large . 
  everyone pretty much only follows the national news stations ( which of course have international news as well ) . 
  i speak enough english to follow british news , and with some difficulty german tv , but not the other 20 + countries of the eu . 
  i think the difference is that the us started out as the thirteen colonies . 
  there were other groups , but english was dominant . 
  as they later expanded west , english was still dominant and new immigrants and settlers just had to adopt . 
  it 's no surprise that the us and britain have a special relationship . 
  despite the differences between us states , or within states even , there is still an over-arching cultural identity , such as thanksgiving , the current elections and inauguration , the sports ( the us invented their own kind of football that the rest of the world does n't care about ) , the superbowl , a shared history with the civil rights movement , santa claus , the revolutionary war , stuff like that . 
  europe does n't have that at all . 
  i remember that there recently was some mild controversy over napoleon . 
  in france he is seen as a war hero and is buried in les invalides , while in other countries they have monuments to the people who defeated napoleon , such as in belgium , a mound on the place where william ii was wounded , and of course wellington in britain . 
  i actually think that the differences in development are also far greater in europe . 
  luxembourg vs moldova for example . 
  molvoda is n't part of the eu though , but it is extremely poor , while luxembourg is extremely wealthy . 
  and culturally , i think europe did the opposite . 
  the us was basically founded and expanded by europeans of different ethnicities , but with british culture in the lead . 
  instead , europe had already geographically established populations of different language and culture . 
  with 19th century nationalism ( in this case meaning ` nation ' as in ` ethnicity ' , not as in patriotism , being loyal to the state you live in ) , the empires of europe fell apart into into smaller countries roughtly based on language and culture . 
  the austrian empire had within its borders austrians , czechs , slovaks , hungarians , croatians , serbians , and so on . 
  now they are countries . 
  i think the lack of unified european politics is largely due to the huge cultural differences . 
  the us instead started out as basically a british colony that conquered the rest of the americas , similar to the roman empire . 
  i feel that proportional representation would be so much better . 
  you just count up all the invididual votes , and the one with the most votes wins . 
  or a coalition system , it can work with federal states as we see in germany . 
  i 've been watching the inauguration and aftermath on cnn . 
  silly question : how can americans stand the breaks all the time ? 
  it 's sometimes literally every 5 or 10 minutes , and it 's hugely annoying . 
  also , they have a musical parade and the hosts are continually talking over it , repeating the same information : `` we looking at trump , with his wife melania , and their son barron . 
  he is so tall ! '', 
  they say that every half hour or so . 
  no it really is n't . 
  even the candidates themselves only focused on swing states for their campaign , and left the hardcore left and right states mostly alone . 
  still a silly system , but hard to change . 
  cycling infrastructure in the netherlands is generally pretty good . 
  that 's probably why people here do n't wear helmets or things like that . 
  in most places there are seperate cycling lanes , and there is often some distance between the car lanes : http://vnet.verkeersnet1.netdna-cdn.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/paaltje.jpg here is a sped up clip of rush hour in utrecht , one of our major cities : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n-abpav5e5m also , the old medieval cities were n't really designed with cars in mind . 
  in the large cities many people do n't have a car but use bicycles or public transport . 
  parking spots can cost a lot in a large city . 
  i also noticed that many cyclists in other country are of the more sporty type , with a sporty bike and helmet . 
  but in the netherlands it 's done by all kind of people . 
  here is the [ prime minister ] ( http://elswhere.org/img/rutte.jpg ) arriving by bicycle . 
  even the royals are sometimes seen on bicycles . 
  there are people who do that , but i think it is quite uncommon . 
  also , many people commute by train or bus . 
  but i think the vast majority of people do n't drive that much every day . 
  traffic can be pretty bad , as the country is densely populated and the population is somewhat evenly distributed , so there are lots of passages onto the highway , causing traffic jams . 
  nearly everyone i know works in the same town , or the town next over . 
  lots of people commute by bicycle . 
  there are ridiculous taxes on energy here , that is mostly what makes it so expensive . 
  i do n't think people in the us would like it the government raised taxes like that . 
  diesel is a bit cheaper , 1,40 or so , but then you pay more road taxes as a lump sum . 
  so ironically the most polluting cars are driven by people who drive a lot . 
  in dutch , the - er ending makes someone a ` person ' .
