  from what i understand it 's completely free in the uk anyway . 
  what christian values ? 
  the same ones that allow abortion , same-sex marriage and euthenasia ? 
  my guess is that in amsterdam a very large part of users are tourists . 
  is n't it more the amount ? 
  i do n't think the beer has a higher alcohol content than normal beer . 
  and in my experience tourists are usually familiar with drinking , 
  it 's not the beer that makes them get hurt , it 's their drunken behavior . 
  no , he is not like a yobbo , he is drinking beer in a suit . 
  you forgot alcohol . 
  that is what makes it so good . 
  the region could use some colonialism . 
  the locals are running it into the ground . 
  yeah , but the problem is that this guy is n't a refugee if he 's just coming for financial reasons . 
  he wo n't be given a work permit anyway . 
  if someone wants to be a migrant for economic reasons , they need to get sponsored for a work visa usually , and that means having some skill that is in demand . 
  become a migrant yourself and move to the middle-east , that 'll teach them , 
  why is it so hard to keep religion out of the school ? 
  the government should n't sponsor religion . 
  of course there are probably many good faith schools , but what about the more fanatic ones ? 
  there were a bunch that taught unscientific nonsense such as creationism . 
  my guess is also that most faith schools are some form of christianity which would attract mostly native britons , while non-faith schools attract more minorities who will usually come from a less well-off background . 
  at least this is how it 's in the netherlands . 
  no one is saying people ca n't be religious . 
  but why should taxpayers pay for other people 's religion ? 
  let them pay for it themselves . 
  and yes , child indoctrination is probably the only reason religion is still here . 
  why not tell them to cut out the faith part of faith school if they want to receive funding ? 
  they can still be a good school , just cut out the religious nonsense . 
  you are right of course , but i feel that you ca n't blame people for speaking an accent or dialect * in their own native country * . 
  if i go to a place where the people speak aave then it 's my problem if i do n't understand . 
  same with plat/platt in dutch and german . 
  i ca n't tell the locals to speak the standard language without coming across as a jerk . 
  if people consistently say nucular then that is just the language changing , not them being wrong . 
  whether or not they update the writing system does n't really change that . 
  there are many words where pronunciation is very far from being phonetic ( especially in english ) . 
  in some languages there are organisations that do regular spelling updates if the language changes . 
  we are all speaking a language that is ` wrong ' to the ears of our ancestors . 
  i could say that the pronunciation of australian english is ` wrong ' but the people there are still speaking their native language with each other and it works . 
  no , but that is more of a spelling error and not really related to speaking a language well . 
  even natives who ca n't write can still speak their language correctly most times . 
  keep in mind that english spelling is much less phonetic than german spelling . 
  from a linguistic perspective , native speakers generally speak their native language correctly . 
  it may not be the standard ` official ' version of the language , but native speakers are what defines a language . 
  i 've only seen this a few times on trains . 
  i think many people would prefer to wait for the next one though , rather than be stuck in a mass of people . 
  do you mean it 's douchey to not sit down next to a person ? 
  i actually prefer it if people do n't sit next to me . 
  i also prefer to stand rather than sit next to someone i do n't know . 
  would n't it be more language-related ? 
  perhaps language influences mood ? 
  they never heard of personal space and the platinum rule ( mind your own business ) ? 
  if you want into nordic you make them stop talking by refusing to admit their presence . 
  well , i do n't know whether the ` original ' pronunciation was the northern or the flemish one , but ` buiten ' in the netherlands is generally a diphtong , meaning the sound changes from one to another , while most flemish people i hear say it as a single vowel . 
  things like ` ai ' , ` oi ' , are diphtongs . 
  ` ui ' is one in dutch dutch but often not in flemish dutch . 
  same thing sometimes happens with ij/ei , pronounced as ` eeeeeeh ' ( flemish ) instead of ` eeyyy ' . 
  again , i do n't know which came first , if any . 
  yes , i think the i as ` ai ' or ` eye ' in english happened somewhere in the last few centuries . 
  they are one of very few european languages ( the only one ? ), 
  that uses i to represent ` ai ' . 
  this is a poem in middle english ( that also features a bunch of other languages from the time such as middle french and middle dutch , likely ) ) and they do n't use the ` ai ' sound for i or y. 
  it 's from around 1500 or so . 
  i 've heard it said just ` faro eilanden ' , but i do n't think people generally know how to pronounce it . 
  i 've never heard ` faer\u00f6er ' or something like that . 
  i think in older varities of english i was pronounced more like ` ee ' , and not ` ai ' . 
  i heard irish pronounced ` eerish ' in a poem in middle-english . 
  what i find interesting is that many diphtongs are no longer diphtongs in flemish . 
  words such as ` buiten ' . 
  it 's also in some old english names : king \u00c6thelred , here with old english letters and his nickname : \u00c6\u00feelr\u00e6d unr\u00e6d ( ethelred the unready as a very loose translation , his nickname does n't mean unready ) . 
  you can see the \u00e6 functions as a single letter with regards to capitalisation . 
  i think ij is the only combination i can think of that is treated as one letter for capitalisation . 
  the similar-sounding ei is n't . 
  super modern ? 
  right , this looks so nice and modern to me ( this is in aceh ) : http://www.smh.com.au/world/aceh-woman-gangraped-by-vigilantes-for-alleged-adultery-now-to-be-flogged-20140506-zr5x3.html, 
  his party pretty much exists because of the popularity of geert wilders himself , and not any of the other pvv politicians . 
  his speeches can actually be quite funny ( and nasty too , but funny ) . 
  even if you could figure out a sensible coalition out of this mess , there is also the senate . 
  election for the senate are not held at the same time so it would be extremely hard to find a coalition that has majorities in both houses . 
  did n't seem to be a problem for the holy roman empire * of the german nation * . 
  but that is just because those countries are the wealthiest and have attracted immigrants . 
  the muslims there are not converts , they are mostly born into the religion . 
  i 've never been religious . 
  there is no void to fill . 
  i do n't believe in any of the religions , i do n't believe in new age spiritual stuff that some people seem to replace it with , i do n't care about any of that . 
  i am worried that allowing in so many people who are religious , conservative and muslim is n't a good idea . 
  on the other hand i understand why they fled . 
  if we see religion as just something to keep the masses in line we are no different from the victorian elite in britain who said things like '' * we * do n't need religion , but the common rabble needs it to get their values from . '', 
  you see the same sentiment on the other side , where marx calls religion the opiate of the people . 
  something to keep the people in line . 
  some of the most atheistic countries are the czech republic and estonia , and islam is n't gaining ground there simply because they have little immigration . 
  it 's not like atheists are somehow wanting to convert to islam . 
  you can just ditch religion and not replace it with anything . 
  also , the real question of religion should always be : is it true ? 
  so far there is no evidence of god so i do n't know why people keep believing in something like that . 
  if the people in the middle-east stopped believing in their nonsense they would be so much closer to peace . 
  also , i see modern europe more as the successor to the enlightenment and the revolution , not the time period before that . 
  the netherlands was really held down by the christian democrats in some way , they had to get kicked out of power for the first time since forever to be able to introduce euthenasia and same-sex marriage . 
  things that i consider typically dutch as we were one of the first with both of those . 
  i know that in some places such as poland most people are still religious but i rarely meet christians .
