  and in many places of germany boars have no predators aside from humans . 
  there have been wolf sightings , but usually lone wolves and they usually get killed by traffic . 
  no real packs of wolves yet . 
  wild boar are probably some of the most dangerous ones . 
  there is very wilderness in the netherlands because there are people everywhere , so they have to hunt boar to keep the population down . 
  and horses , those are dangerous and unreliable , even as pets . 
  oh , we also have adders , but i 've never seen one . 
  canada , australia and new zealand are still loyal to the queen . 
  not part of the uk of course , but colonised in large part by the british . 
  the catalonian kingdom ( aragorn ) once ruled over sardinia and other parts of southern italy . 
  my parents added some coffee to my milk because i did n't like the taste of milk as a kid ( i drank my first coffee from a sippy cup ) . 
  i think the problem of bouncy kids is n't just the caffeine , it 's the combination of caffeine and sugar . 
  when i was a kid , i generally got tea and coffee without sugar . 
  judging by the amount of central/eastern europeans coming here for work , probably not . 
  the amount of people who die from terrorist attacks is pretty small compared to ... well , the amount of people who die otherwise . 
  what a waste of potential . 
  i would feel pretty disappointed if i got something that had the word ` beer ' in it , but without the alcohol . 
  if you regularly drink caffeine , it wo n't have that effect anymore . 
  same with keeping you awake , it wo n't work anymore if you are a regular coffee drinker . 
  i could understand that !, 
  meat with potatoes and brown sauce . 
  in dutch you could say ` vlees met kartoffelen en bruine saus ' , although we usually use ` aardappels ' for potatoes instead . 
  coca cola goes well with rum or vodka , it is n't going to cure your sobriety all by itself . 
  but when i get something with the word ` beer ' in it i expect a buzz . 
  same with the cider that was also mentioned in this thread , if it does n't have alcohol it 's not cider . 
  is caffeine so bad for kids ? 
  when i was a kid it was pretty common to drink tea or coffee . 
  i 've been drinking those since i was 5 or so . 
  we always had tea with breakfast , and usually coffee after , if there was time . 
  and coffee after dinner as well . 
  i prefer the salty ones as well , and the ones with salmiakki . 
  our cough medicine usually tastes somewhat similar to liquorice . 
  does root beer taste sort of like dr pepper ? 
  aww , you need to add the alcohol yourself ? 
  i 'd say one of the things people here eat are liquorice and salmiakki , both are not much liked outside of northern europe . 
  also , raw herring with raw onions . 
  yup , generally people think of the normal ones when you say ` aardbeien ' , and we use ` wilde aardbeien ' for the small ones that grow in the wild . 
  but i do n't think they are commonly eaten . 
  perhaps ` white trash ' comes close ? 
  not an ethnicity , but no one will take that as a compliment . 
  and it has the same connotations that you mentioned : alcohol , drugs , poverty . 
  we have two types of trailer park people , the local white trailer park people called ` kampers ' , and the gypsies . 
  both are n't really taking part in normal society , meaning the society of the house-dwellers , people whose house does n't have wheels . 
  gypsy also is n't the politically correct term . 
  the ethnicities are roma and sinti . 
  i remember someone in this sub posting that he would call the people of that origin roma and sinti , but people with the * lifestyle * gypsies . 
  the lifestyle meaning not getting an education , and making money through beggar gangs or scamming people . 
  because that is what people think of when they hear gypsy . 
  it 's actually quite sad when you think of it . 
  these people came from india centuries ago , but many never managed to integrate in normal society . 
  this explains it better than i could : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cultivation_system essentially , indonesian farmers needed to pay tax through using x percentage of their land and time to grow cash crops for the dutch . 
  coffee , rubber , spices , tobacco . 
  technically not slaves , but i think that not paying taxes to the colonial overlords would have consequences , such as losing your land . 
  i think that one of the reasons that is more or less forgotten is that most of the colonial horrors took place far away from the homeland . 
  the netherlands took part in the trans-atlantic slave-trade and had slaves in the caribbean , but since there were no slaves in the netherlands , it 's not a big part of what we learn in history class . 
  an interesting book about this is max havelaar by multatuli . 
  it shows the dutch and indonesian perspectives on the colonisation of indonesia : they were technically not slaves , but indonesian farmers were forced to grow cash crops such as spices , instead of local food such as rice , which lead to food shortages in indonesia . 
  max havelaar is a novel , but with a strong anti-colonial message , and the author himself used to be a colonial administrator . 
  i do n't know about the comment , but perhaps he just meant that they are seen as a disliked minority , associated with povery or crime ? 
  because gypsy is a pretty big insult here . 
  in the netherlands they are called ` aardbeien ' , so ` earth-berries ' . 
  the wild ones are very common . 
  so when someone corrects you they are a troll ? 
  good to know . 
  it contains 80 % sugar , the rest is mostly water , and there are some trace amounts of minerals . 
  it is pretty rubbish . 
  way worse than chocolate . 
  most chocolate sprinkles are dark chocolate . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a health food , but it 's not somehow horrible . 
  it contains quite a few nutrients such as zinc and other minerals and proteins , while honey contains pretty much nothing besides sugar . 
  you seriously believe honey is healthier than chocolate ? 
  it is n't , it 's 80 % sugar . 
  whether is ' t natural or not has nothing to do with it , it 's still just sugar . 
  i 'll consider it when i 've seen all of europe , which is probably the best continent to be in anyway . 
  i sound a bit sour , and maybe i 'll change my mind if i ever go outside of europe , but i do n't really see a reason to travel there over europe . 
  even the climate is horrible . 
  they sell bananas for 1 euro/kg here , i do n't think that 's expensive . 
  but the price of locally grown fruits can vary a lot by whether it is in season or not . 
  not permanently perhaps , but you are still going the wrong way . 
  chocolate is n't natural or healthy ? 
  honey is about 80 % carbohydrates , and chocolate contains more protein and fat , so i guess chocolate is the clear winner here . 
  chocolate also contains a lot of vitamins and minerals . 
  it is not unhealthy at all . 
  especially dark chocolate is considered pretty healthy . 
  honey is just sugar , and it is processed as well , but by bees instead of humans . 
  my money is on the humans . 
  there are many varieties , but i think the dark chocolate is the most popular . 
  we always had the dark chocolate , and put it on bread with a generous amount of butter . 
  but there is also a milk chocolate variety , and a mix of dark/white chocolate , and even [ sugar sprinkles ] ( https://www.voedingswaardetabel.nl/_lib/img/prod/big/vruchtenhagel.jpg ) that do n't contain chocolate at all but are just fruity sugary sprinkles . 
  but the main ones are dark chocolate . 
  i usually had tea for breakfast , with a soft-boiled egg ( so far , so good i think ) . 
  and then a slice of bread with butter and chocolate sprinkles , or jam/marmelade/honey / peanutbutter . 
  i 'm still alive . 
  as you mentioned in another comment , it probably does n't matter when you eat ` unhealthy ' food . 
  the body probably does n't care whether you eat chocolate in the morning or in the evening , as long as you have a balanced diet overall . 
  chocolate , especially dark chocolate , is n't unhealthy if eaten in moderation . 
  same with peanutbutter : it has a lot of calories , but also a lot of nutrients . 
  if you do n't have weight problems it 's a good source of nutrients . 
  and there is a good combination : peanutbutter and chocolate sprinkles . 
  we usually had tea for breakfast and a soft-boiled egg , and then a slice of bread with butter and chocolate sprinkles .
