  muscle memory . 
  yeah , that is also beethoven 's 9th symphony , also known as alle menschen werden br\u00fcder / ode to joy . 
  the anthem is nice though . 
  i think it would be better to try to reduce religion in general . 
  try to educate people , get rid of religious schools , and hope that one day religion will be reduced to a personal spirituality instead of something to rule communities with . 
  wow , that england and benelux . 
  it 's just that the infrastructure was n't built for snow . 
  it happens so rarely they probably do n't want to spend the money to make it snow-proof . 
  same reason most people do n't have air conditioning , it 's rarely warm enough to need it . 
  think about people in the southern hemisphere . 
  i 've seen australians celebrate christmas on the beach in their beach outfits . 
  christmas without snow does n't feel weird to me at all , because apparently that 's 96 % of christmasses here . 
  i still think it 's pretty stupid . 
  what if the eu countries start doing stuff like this ? 
  there are airspace violations pretty much all the time , also of nato countries . 
  these triggerhappy people are just looking to escalate things . 
  people violate territorial integrity all the time , it 's not a big deal . 
  of course the russians were assholes for doing it all the time but shooting down the plane is an overreaction . 
  and then their allied ` moderate ' rebels commit a warcrime by murdering one of the pilots while he was parachuting down . 
  these people are savages . 
  in this case it seems pretty clear they were there to drop bombs in syria , not to fly to ankara or something . 
  shooting down the plane was completely disproportionate and does n't make things better . 
  airspace violations happen all the time , shooting down a plane for being just across the border for 30 seconds is ridiculous . 
  aside from that , turkey is a rubbish ally over there . 
  they 've been attacking kurdish positions and supporting isis . 
  they are just escalating the conflict , this reaction was over the top . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jan_janszoon really he most generic dutch name ever , i 'm surprised the first thing wikipedia comes up with is this somewhat obscure pirate . 
  the background is the eighty years war between the seventeen provinces of the netherlands and the spanish empire . 
  he is not as well known as some other admirals/privateers such as these who are national heroes : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michiel_de_ruyter https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/piet_pieterszoon_hein, 
  on the other hand , if you mount an expedition and the costs have already been made , you need to find some way to get your money back ... 
  i was reading about a privateer a while back , he sailed under a dutch flag when attacking spanish ships , but changed to the ottoman flag whenever he wanted to loot non-spanish ships . 
  it 's probably that kind of thinking . 
  haha !, 
  so true . 
  `` ah , we did n't make it to jerusalem but fuck it , we 'll just loot this christian city , we did n't come here for nothing . '', 
  `` the crusade target is jerusalem , not romania '', 
  i think it 's similar to threatening someone with a fake gun . 
  that 's not allowed because you are still threatening someone . 
  they are really only western in the cold war meaning of the word . 
  romania really is a western country in the meaning of european country : the language comes from latin , their traditional religion is christianity and so on . 
  they would just send you back to the paradox forums . 
  i know from people in the food industry that some of the waste becomes pig food . 
  why not ? 
  countries in eastern and central europe seem to get away with it . 
  hungary is building a fence and throwing people out , same with macedonia . 
  i 'm not saying it 's a good thing , just that no one gives a shit what the un thinks of that . 
  wilders voters are notorious for not showing up when it 's time to vote . 
  he usually scores far lower than the polls show . 
  well , the dutch governments are usually incredibly incompetent in getting people to vote for what they want . 
  the referendum on the lisbon treaty is a good example , people overwhelmingly voted no while the government had a yes-campaign . 
  it is quite mild and reasonable compared to the stuff he usually says . 
  that 's also the reason that many types of sword developed hand and arm protection ( or were used together with some type of shield ) . 
  belgium has enough potato and enough terrorist . 
  recognition is just legal blabla . 
  crimea is recognised by russia and its allies as part of russia , and is recognised as part of ukraine by most others . 
  the point is , for all intents and purposes crimea is part of russia as russia is in control of the territory . 
  it does n't matter that the eu can produce a piece of paper that says it 's part of ukraine because in practice it is part of russia . 
  it 's like the `` peace in our time '' treaty . 
  you know what other country the netherlands did not recognise at the start of ww2 ? 
  the soviet union . 
  that only happened in 1942 because they were now allies , 20 years after the soviet union was established . 
  this is how ridiculous de jure ` facts ' can get . 
  the territory of isis is more of a country than libya or somalia which have completely disintegrated . 
  of course using terms like ` insurgent ' for a ` soldier ' of an established military is political relativism . 
  i prefer people use words that reflect the actual situation , not the situation on paper . 
  drawing a map of ukraine with crimea as part of it may give the impression that the government of ukraine actually controls the territory , which is not the case at all . 
  it seems this is sinking in now , as rutte referred to our conflict with isis as ` oorlog ' which he has n't before . 
  what other ways are there to arrest him in a warzone ? 
  maybe they can still give his corpse a trial and then execute what 's left of him to make him more dead . 
  they used to dig up dead enemies to behead them . 
  anyway , the guy was with an enemy military and he is seen executing people . 
  that 's all legal babble . 
  in the real world isis controls their territory regardless of whether anyone acknowledges them , and they have a military . 
  that would work with reasonable people , but we are talking about the representatives of the ayatollahs . 
  of course there is not one version of islam as people disagree about what hadiths are the most reliable . 
  i 'm not really a fan of regional representation . 
  then you 'll get politicians that want to get more stuff for their home region . 
  i even find it strange that i have to vote for a dutch person in the european elections . 
  if i believe that a foreigner represents my ideas better i want the ability to vote for him . 
  last election was so ridiculous . 
  i 'm surprised this is not one of the main issues in the uk . 
  or reform the stupid voting system . 
  the tories are running the country on a ` majority ' of 37 % of voters . 
  i think that works for most germanic languages . 
  deutschland was mentioned but then there is duitsland , tyskland and germanland !, 
  i think most people think better of the russians than of the saudis . 
  muslims are not supposed to sit at the same table with people who are drinking , so your solution would not solve anything . 
  ` when was came ' ? 
  reminds me of the campaign around the lisbon treaty referendum in the netherlands . 
  they came up with the same ` the lights will go out if you vote no ' and one add even showed camps from ww2 . 
  it was ridiculous fearmongering . 
  i 'm not even bullshitting , here is the add to vote yes for the referendum : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vv715js9_ta, 
  hava naguila hava ... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=chyd83-soge, 
  only if germany and belgium are invited too . 
  the uk is an important export partner for us but germany is even more important , and belgium is another big one . 
  whether they want to or not !, 
  he would dissolve the parliament . 
  fear will keep the local member states in line . 
  fear of this battlestation !, 
  seperatists !,
