  and since he also has armenian citizenship , that might be a strike against him as well : the immigration people could just tell him to go to armenia if he is unsafe in ethiopia . 
  i think it 's the other way around : i think we mostly lost syllables since the times of proto-germanic . 
  words have a tendency to get shorter . 
  in old dutch the word for apple was ` appollo ' , and today it is ` appel ' ( somewhat similar in pronunciation to apple ) . 
  in the netherlands they often use frietsaus or fritessaus , which is similar to mayonnaise but contains only around 25 % fat . 
  and it was n't because of health issues , but because fritessaus is cheaper to make than real mayonnaise , and people here are cheap . 
  they found some way to make it as creamy as real mayonnaise but with much less fat to cut costs . 
  well , it is often just like yoghurt that is dryer , and it is a bit crumbly , but some of them are smooth . 
  some look like this : [ kwark ] ( https://www.voedingswaardetabel.nl/_lib/img/prod/big/volle-kwark.jpg ) very similar to yoghurt . 
  some are more crumbly though . 
  rich in protein . 
  quark is somewhere between very thick yoghurt and cottage cheese . 
  it 's used mostly as yoghurt is , and the taste is similar . 
  making pasta does n't take a long time , but the main advantage of dry pasta is that it does n't spoil . 
  fresh , raw pasta wo n't keep that long . 
  you just need some flour , water , an egg , and a pasta machine . 
  there are lots of videos on youtube on making pasta . 
  keep in mind that even though education may be free , cost of living in norway is very high . 
  i do n't think you will make it with $ 660 a month , not even close . 
  most western european countries are fairly strict and require skills that are in demand , and sometimes have high minimum income requirement for jobs they allow a work visa for . 
  social science probably is n't one of those educations that allows easy access to that . 
  and a work visa and student visa are two different things , in many cases a student visa only allows you to work a few hours a week . 
  for the netherlands you can live and work here under the daft agreement if you are self-employed as a freelancer . 
  or you could check if you have some european ancestry that would give you access to citizenship of an eu country , which would make things much easier . 
  also ask out / r/iwantout . 
  i think it may in part be that since they are language purists in france , they are hesitant to speak in broken english . 
  i already thought so . 
  i know two people who regularly go to indonesia , and besides the educated people and the touristy areas , you wo n't get far with english . 
  both of those people speak bahasa and claim it is pretty much a necessity . 
  i 've seen quite a few documentaries and news items about indonesia ( probably because of our colonial history , and the many people who have an indonesian or colonial background ) , and the people they interview almost never speak english . 
  probably russian or french . 
  besides russia , there are still a lot of people who speak russian in the former eastern block territories . 
  i remember seeing a documentary by a russian speaker in moldova , and he could talk to everyone in russian , despite the native language being moldavian/romanian . 
  wow , france !, 
  below indonesia . 
  but then you get to the ` problem ' that op mentioned : those people mostly speak english fairly well . 
  you 'd need better profiency in their language than they have in english , or they 'll switch to english . 
  i think that in pretty much every other country where they speak a germanic language , that effect would be even worse , as germany probably has the worst ( but still decent ) level of english proficiency of the germanic-speaking countries . 
  why would you favour french or polish over english ? 
  in many countries almost everyone already speaks english as a second language , and they are not good at it just because of education but because a lot of tv shows and movies are in english , a large part of the internet is in english , and many people need english to study at university ( because in my case the books i needed were not translated to dutch ) . 
  how many popular esperanto movies or tv shows are there ? 
  i learned most of my english from hearing it all the time on tv . 
  a better solution would be to ban dubbing so everyone picks up basic english naturally . 
  small languages are dying every year , but in europe that does n't have a lot to do with people learning english as a second language . 
  it 's not like people on the continent are going to abandon their native language in favour of english . 
  and esperanto is heavily based on romance languages from what i 've seen of it . 
  unfair to the people who are not from countries with a romance language . 
  that 's now how those diseases work , they are viruses you get from other people , not from whatever temperature it is . 
  the finn already gave you the answer , but look up salmiakki on youtube . 
  there are lots of videos of people outside of northern europe trying it for the first time . 
  almost everyone strongly dislikes it . 
  if you type ` salmiakdrop ' you will dutch examples of them . 
  they are often more brown than black . 
  and there are combinations of dark licorice with salmiak in or on it . 
  and even mints that are sweet and minty on the outside , but once you bite them inside is just dry salmiakki powder . 
  basically salt with a pungent taste . 
  that is a possibility . 
  they want to control their own borders and not be part of the free travel area . 
  at least that is the impression i from the pro-brexit camp . 
  i missed a few words in my last post , after ireland i wanted to mention the netherlands as a country where is not the native language but neary everyone can speak it . 
  this is also true of the scanavian/nordic countries . 
  and it 's just that everything is uncertain about the brexit , nobody knows how it 's going to end up . 
  the british want to remain in the common economic market , but be allowed to stop eu citizens from workin in britain . 
  the position of the eu is that free movement of goods and people are linked . 
  of course technically not even negotiations have started . 
  the uk has n't even invoked article 50 , which is what would trigger the brexit . 
  do n't forget about the brexit . 
  depending on which country 's passport you have , and how the brexit plays out , you may not be able to work in the uk anymore . 
  also consider ireland , they speak english as well . 
  ( edit : i missed a few words here : and * in the netherlands * almost everyone can speak decent english . 
  i know there are expats working here that do n't speak the language . 
  however , if you want to make dutch friends you should learn the language . 
  i noticed that in a group setting where the majority of people are dutch , they sometimes will speak english to you , and then continue in dutch to their friend . 
  dutch is one the languages closest related to english , after stuff as scots or frisian . 
  there are / r/languagelearning and / r/learndutch which have resources in the sidebar . 
   if you speak german , dutch , flemish , afrikaans or limburgish , you can understand it yeah , maybe . 
  i understood about half of it . 
  and they started speaking french !, 
  i have no idea whether this is a scam or not , but scammers often deliberately put spelling errors in their fishing mails to weed out the non-idiots : it 's less work for them if only idiots reply to their scam , because they wo n't make money off of normal people anyway . 
  but you just did  i feel that if the people of a region want to be independent , they should have the ability to become their own nation . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if the frisians wanted indepence they would be let go , and we would just have a new neighbour . 
  now i know that in spain the indepence movements of the basques and catalans have much less support , and in that case it should n't happen . 
  but the spanish government is always pretty hawkish when some region gains indepence . 
  i do n't want to begrudge the kosovars or the falklanders their indepence , or the kurds for that matter . 
  i do n't understand why it is such a big deal for the spanish government . 
  what does it matter if some region splits off ? 
  you 'll have a new neighbour . 
  despite a few silly jokes we are quite happy with our belgian neighbours . 
  and yeah , we sort of did take territory away from you , or rather the spanish habsburgs . 
  that was what the war was about . 
  the dutch bits were n't that much more unified than the spanish bits , which also historically consisted of multiple kingdoms . 
  los reyes cat\u00f3licos just semi-united castile and aragon in the 15th century . 
  still remained different nations . 
  are you comparing people who want indepence to rats leaving a sinking ship ? 
  we got our indepence from spain after the eighty years war , thank you very much . 
  please give back german clay . 
  and teach them how to cook . 
  are n't government agencies mostly funded by taxpayers ? 
  i 'm very much in support of space exploration and commercial uses of it , and possibly a mars mission . 
  however , i do n't feel it affects me personally .
