  he commissioned the painting as far as i know . 
  i think fleur agema is shopped in , the original painting had that guy in it . 
  they have been reformed in 2010 . 
  some of the islands are now their seperate thing within the kingdom ( but not the country ) of the netherlands . 
  some became special municipalities of the country . 
  he is a very strong supporter of israel . 
  he wo n't get many votes from true white supremacists . 
  perhaps , but another factor is that many people got more anti-establishment , so they 'll rather listen funny populist shit on geenstijl than the the nos and traditional politicians . 
  people are uncritical when it concerns people they already agree with . 
  and i think the whole internet and social media thing has made it much easier for things to go viral ( basically : being super popular , which just does n't mean it 's correct ) . 
  the telegraaf also does horoscopes , or at least they used to . 
  there is also another reason : they were guest workers , and every ( including themselves expected them to go back . 
  but they remained so long they were allowed to become citizens , and bring over their families from morocco and turkey . 
  or if people just do n't care politicians are lying , as long as they are lies people agree with . 
  trump supporters also know he makes stuff up , but they do n't care . 
  it 's populism . 
  but english has quite a few sounds that are unfamiliar to dutch people : the two th sounds in ` thing ' and ` this ' , the strange usage of ` r ' , and using a voiced d at the end of a word . 
  the last one is just so difficult . 
  get a dutch person to say ` world ' and enjoy them messing it up in so many different ways . 
  a reaction to the counter-reformation ( a euphemism for war against protestants ) . 
  it 's telling that a german from a minor noble house was better than a british protestant . 
  it 's vaguely similar in the netherlands , there is no law against it as far as i know but the king is expected to be a dutch reformed protestant . 
  his wife the queen m\u00e1xima is a catholic from argentina , but they stressed that their children would be raised as dutch reformed . 
  it 's not considered an important issue today , but in the past royal consorts were either calvinist protestants or they converted . 
  the netherlands was basically founded during the eighty years ' war against spain / the catholic habsburgs . 
  but sadly it was n't a war for religious freedom ( as it was in parts of germany ) , it was calvinists vs every one else . 
  religious icons were destroyed in the iconoclasm , and later catholic priests were thrown out of the churches and had to preach out in the open , their churches taken over by protestants . 
  and when things could not get more fucked up , the [ thirty years war ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/thirty_years%27_war ) broke out , and was mostly fought in northern europe . 
  the casualties were extremely high . 
  my ancestors were protestants who fled germany for the netherlands , a country that had been at war for some 50 years by that time . 
  yes !, 
  if you google it , there are a bunch of different images that mostly show the same thing : the western en northern bits are below sea level , the rest of the country is not . 
  it 's still fairly low-lying , but it is more at risk of flooding from the other side : the large european rivers such as the rhine or the meuse . 
  there are a lot of flood defenses and emergy water reservoirs in the hinterland as well , in case of heavy rainfall in the netherlands or beyond the border . 
  precipitation flows to the lowest point . 
  or , to use that timeless piece of wisdom : shit runs downhill . 
  only 40 % or so , 
  i do n't think he can even refuse : he can choose to abdicate , but he becomes king the moment his mother dies . 
  although i guess he could remove himself from the succession by becoming a catholic . 
  the parts near the sea are the lowest parts . 
  limburg is about as far from the sea as you can get in the netherlands , and it also has the highest point . 
  another fun fact : there may be fish fossils high up in the mountains , but here are mammoth and lion fossils on the bottom of the north sea between britain and the netherlands . 
  it used to be land , a kind of river delta/marshland and people lived there some 8000 bc and before . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/doggerland there is an interesting time team episode on it called britain 's drowned world , it 's even on youtube . 
  so yeah , we can find dead fish on mountains and dead lions on the bottom of the sea . 
  i also find danish sounds very similar to dutch , even though it 's related more the other scandinavian languages . 
  it just has the same mumbly quality , and a ridiculous amount of vowels and diphthongs . 
  is it ? 
  it 's supposed to the national mountain of armenia , which is usually included in various definitions of europe ( even though the mountain is just beyond their borders ) . 
  they deliberately excuded it from the map . 
  it 's mentioned on the map that saba is excluded , which is the island mt scenery is on : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery, 
  you are correct , but i think he is referring to mt scenery on saba , in the caribbean : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery but yeah , overseas territories were deliberatly excluded from this map , saba is even mentioned on it as not being included . 
  mr scenery only became part of the dutch state in 2010 , before that it was part of the kingdom of the netherlands but no the state of the netherlands . 
  it 's just a tiny part in the far south , the rest of the country is flat and very low-lying . 
  say scheveningen !, 
  i dare you , say scheveningen !, 
  ( it was allegedly a shibboleth during ww2 ), 
  that 's what we call estonia . 
  we call the baltic states estland , letland , litouwen . 
  i do n't know , preventing the islamist take-over was widely supported by other european countries , and by the neighbouring african countries , in operation serval . 
  it is n't in anybody 's interest to let idiots found a theocracy in whatever part of africa , as you said . 
  but in the case of a eu army , why should n't french interests be taken into account ? 
  europe is more than just the mainland . 
  the government of mali asked france for support in resisting a violent overthrow by islamist insurgents . 
  the french-led coalition was very succesful in aiding the legitimate government , and there was no occupation ( or looting gold ) or anything of the sort . 
  these insurgents were of the kind that burned down ancient mosques for being un-islamic , i.e. 
  idiots . 
  operation serval was widely supported by other european and western nations , and by bordering african nations . 
  so why would western europe care about the security concerns of central/eastern europe , if they do n't give a shit about the former colonies or the current overseas territories of the west ? 
  look at how everyone let the falklands go hang in the 80s , britain had to go at it by themselves . 
  and i do n't think it 's in anyone 's interest to let the islamists take over mali . 
  the dutch military is also supporting the mission in mali . 
  i think this is one of those things that make it hard for a common foreign policy : the western european countries do not always understand the concerns of central/eastern european countries concerning russia , and the c/e european countries do not always understand the importance of the former colonies and current overseas territories of western europe . 
  well , if the current parties are doing things the populist parties want , that 's only to the benefit of those parties is n't it ? 
  they are influencing politics even without being in power . 
  i do not agree with deporting people that are born here , there is no reason why morocco should take them `` back '' , whatever they do . 
  and i mean that literally , whatever they do . 
  i do feel strongly that they should take back their fake `` asylum seekers '' that only come here because they actually get money ( !!! ), 
  for returning voluntarily ( when they had no reason to seek asylum here in the first place , morocco is safe ) . 
  we actually give them money to fuck off , which is the reason they come here , because they know they have no chance of getting accepted . 
  instead , they should strip them of anything they have and send them back , whether morocco wants their own citizens back or not . 
  i know i sound like trump here , but let morocco take them back and pay for the flight . 
  otherwise , never let them do business with the eu again . 
  for some reason it 's ridiculously hard to send back `` asylum seekers '' from morocco who only have moroccan citizenship , because morocco wo n't take them back . 
  i do n't really see why , but it seems the case . 
  i also do n't know why the eu accepts this . 
  but actually stripping people of their citizenship is probably not something that can happen as long as the netherlands is part of the eu . 
  i do n't sending them back is going to happen , and most of all , it would be really unfair . 
  most of them were born here , and have moroccan citizenship because it 's nearly impossible to renounce . 
  and treating criminal citizens of moroccan background differently from criminal citizens that are ethnic dutch is clearly against the constitution . 
  and i do n't see the constitution changing . 
  so no , i do n't think anyone will be banished if they are citizens . 
  that 's how i feel as well : western is basically europe , and everyone descended from them culturally , so pretty much all of the americas and oceania . 
  for cold war alliances , first/second/third world might be better . 
  and for economic and development purposes : developed and developing countries . 
  my question was rhetorical btw , i consider europe ( including russia ) western , although russia is sort of on a crossroads when you consider the eastern parts . 
  and when you think of it , latin america was colonised and latinised in basically the same way that spain and france were by the original romans . 
  you could also use east/west as in the great schism of the church , but that 's a really specific use . 
  i certainly do , our latin brothers !, 
  the sea region is dynamic , but some countries are headed the wrong way on social issues .
