  turkey decides who can vote in their elections . 
  they could grant anyone in the world the right to vote if they wanted . 
  well , being on strike all the time does n't really help , but you know that , do n't you ? 
  then do n't join the eu/eurozone if your economy is shit . 
  and it 's not about small countries , but about poor countries : luxembourg and belgium are small countries and they are doing fine . 
  or in the words of our pm : `` pleurt op ! '', 
  it was called [ the schwartz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ijvatnqr-gm ) long ago . 
  you can always play with your lightsaber . 
  noordzee is indeed the dutch name . 
  but the netherlands suffered a lot from the nazi occupation and from the nsb ( dutch nazi traitors ) . 
  my grandparents nearly starved to death , and one went to a german camp , and other relatives went to camps as well . 
  you accidentally posted your reply to the thread instead of to garyjm , so he probably did n't see your response . 
  also , if you mention / u/garyjm in your post he will also be notified , regardless of where you post . 
  pimp my ride , xzibit , west coast customs . 
  as for our own west coast , we do n't have an east coast , so that 's easy . 
  our west coast has the largest harbour of europe , and it has steel mills and and oil refineries , and huge flood defenses from the north sea . 
  and lots of sand dunes and beaches . 
  there are also non-gypsie travellers . 
  and many gypsie and non-gypsie travellers are n't really nomadic , it 's just that house has wheels but many of them live long-term in the same camps . 
  that must be exhausting . 
  nihilists ? 
  fuck me ... say what you will about the tenets of national socialism , at least it 's an ethos dude . 
  great movie , and one of the main good guys is a german . 
  him being german is actually relevant to the plot . 
  apparently millions of voters did n't think so . 
  i did n't even know about it . 
  the grammar is n't conservative at all , as afrikaans has massively simplified grammar : no conjugation of verbs , no genders . 
  frisian is actually considered a different language . 
  frisian is always subtitled on dutch tv . 
  much further away from dutch than for example afrikaans . 
  there are also different frisian dialects btw , some are more influenced by dutch or low saxon and are slightly easier to partially understand . 
  i met the limbourgish godfather once . 
  he made me an offer i could n't understand . 
  but yeah , brabant is n't as bad as limburg . 
  when i hear someone from limburg trying to pronounce an r i always hope he finishes before he chokes on it . 
  you choke on the r-sounds instead . 
  in the netherlands we have different sambals from the indonesian influence of the colonial era . 
  sambal is very common here , and there are many varieties : paste or smooth , baked or unbaked , vinegar or not , and some have ingredients such as fermented fish or shrimp . 
  protip to wake up in the morning : peanutbutter sandwich with sambal on it . 
  i ca n't read hieroglyphs , and i doubt i 'll learn before the zombies arrive . 
  why prolong the suffering ? 
  if the world is all gone to hell , it is time to leave . 
  drink all the booze that 's left , and find a quick death . 
  i would opt for the world to come . 
  who would want to live in some the walking dead scenario ? 
  here , kids are mostly just seperated in tiers by how well they did in primary school . 
  they generally do n't have to pick subjects until the last few years of secondary school . 
  people usually start secondary school at age 12/13 . 
  - vwo ( 6 years ) : allows direct acess to university . 
  we originally did n't have the bachelor/master system . 
  - havo ( 5 years ) : allows access to hbo , called in english ` university of applied sciences ' , but it 's not considered a true university here . 
  equivalent to a bachelor 's degree . 
  there are several routes to get to university from here , but they usually take an extra year . 
  - mavo/vmbo ( 4 years ) : allows access to trade schools . 
  yes , they sell them at dirk van den broek , or at least last i checked . 
  it is in bottles like [ this ] ( https://www.google.nl/imgres?imgurl=http%3a%2f%2f2.bp.blogspot.com%2f-xbx6eh4nz0s%2fvgdg1g_x0ki%2faaaaaaaalzm%2fsnzl3xyxhdk%2fs1600%2fq.png&amp;imgrefurl=http%3a%2f%2fwww.thehealthyarchive.info%2f2014%2f11%2f18-top-uses-of-aloe-vera-juice.html&amp;docid=g_nb3q6fi8ngam&amp;tbnid=ptoiwn16diyfnm%3a&amp;vet=10ahukewj6ho_xs6dvahxdtbokhriocdsqmwgrkaywbg..i&amp;w=609&amp;h=551&amp;bih=744&amp;biw=1265&amp;q=aloe%20vera%20drink&amp;ved=0ahukewj6ho_xs6dvahxdtbokhriocdsqmwgrkaywbg&amp;iact=mrc&amp;uact=8 ) , the small ones . 
  it was fairly sweet and there were tiny chucks of aloe vera floating in it . 
  and anyone with diseases can shake your hand , transfer them by touching the same door know as you . 
  and many skin diseases are n't actually contagious . 
  i have excema , and i sometimes look pretty awful , but i ca n't infect anyone because it 's not contagious . 
  most wealthy people i know came from wealthy families , and/or inherited their father 's business . 
  a relative of mine owned a business and a bunch of real estate worth in total somewhere around 7 million ( i know , because i know someone who negotiated the sale ) . 
  sadly , i 'm not in line to inherit  i grew up in a fairly posh neighbourhood , and went to school in an even posher neighbourhood , so i probably met some wealthier people without knowing . 
  i also knew someone who became a professional gambler , and he made a ridiculous amount of money , and so left the country for tax reasons . 
  a more important question : do they even want to recover their reputation ? 
  based on the last few decades it seems they are deliberately going the other way : islamic revolutions , dictatorships , religious fanaticism ... so no , i do n't think their reputation is going to recovoer anytime soon . 
  they do n't want to try . 
  that strange thing with christian and catholic is also seen in the netherlands , where a christian school means a protestant ( mostly calvinist ) school . 
  but different groups of christians have been calling each other non-christian for centuries . 
  the non-trinitarians are pretty much gone today , even though the trinity is n't even in the bible at all . 
  there was the iconoclasm ( beeldenstorm ) in the netherlands , where protestants stormed the churches and destroyed the artwork , as they considered it idol-worship . 
  the netherlands has 412/km ^ 2 , but some areas get much higher . 
  but hey , there are 17 million people on a small stretch of land/swamp . 
  the advantage is that you can never get lost in the wilderness , because there is none . 
  if you get lost , just walking in the same direction for one hour will get you back to a farm or a road or a town . 
  i did n't have a car to protect me , so if that adult boar had attacked me i would have been fucked , 
  it helps that svalbard is pretty far away , but polar bears also do n't really go south in the americas . 
  both are the same species and race . 
  feral cats are domestic cats that ( as the name says ) went feral . 
  but they are ( or were ) a seperate population from european wildcats . 
  domestic and feral cats can breed faster because they can often get two litters a year , while wildcats generally do n't . 
  they are also mostly descended from mediterranean/middle-eastern domestic cats , and not from the local wildcats , who stay away from humans . 
  wildcats also all look more or less the same with the same fur coat : brown with dark stripes . 
  domestic and feral cats obviously vary a lot more in appearance . 
  slavic languages generally do not use articles at all , so you 'll see the same thing with polish or russian . 
  if they ca n't get decent food . 
  i 'd rather eat salmon than people . 
  seeing how many ancestors people have ( doubles every generation ) , probably every ethnic european has ancestors from his region . 
  i know that some of my ancestors came to the netherlands during the eighty years war , somewhere after 1600 or so , as protestant refugees . 
  however , it is sometimes said that pretty much every ethnic european is descended from charlemagne , because of the amount of ancestors we would have had at that time ( so many generations , doubling your ancestors at every step ) . 
  i think polar bears are the sad brother of the brown bears . 
  from what i understand , the polar bears just live in the least hospitable places and are outcompeted by brown bears if there are any . 
  a little bit like the grey and red squirrels in britain , or between domestic cats and wildcats ( domestic/feral cats can breed much faster than true wild ones ) . 
  little boars are cute , but do n't think of going near them . 
  adult boars will defend their young and can fly into a rage and attack you . 
  they are heavy and much faster than humans , so you never want to piss them off or frighten them . 
  i startled one as a kid and he did n't attack me , but charged right past me from behind , and i felt it in the ground . 
  really scary . 
  i think the reason you do n't see many of them in sweden is because they stay away from humans if possible , and sweden has more of the sparsely populated areas than germany . 
  germany 's population is also fairly evenly distributed .
