  we pay for our public broadcaster ( as in government broadcaster , like the bbc ) through taxes . 
  the dutch channels have aired stuff such as sir david attenborough 's documentaries , comedies such as dad 's army , keeping up appearances , allo allo , and i 've also seen the graham norton show on there , all subtitled for our convenience . 
  bbc 1 and 2 are pretty much standard in the normal bunch of tv channels . 
  i have pretty much the minimum amount of tv channels , 30 , and it includes both of them . 
  i really like qi , but i usually watch it ... elsewhere . 
  there is also a time difference of 1 hour . 
  i used to watch top gear as well , but i 'm not really interested in the version without the trio . 
  i get just the original bbc 1/2 , without subtitles or anything . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/italian_cuisine https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_cuisine these usually have quite a bit of information on the food of the country . 
  and you could keep your wallet and passport in a pocked inside your jacket , since you 'll likely be wearing anyway because it 's winter . 
  take it out when you hang your coat anywhere . 
  wikivoyage has a lot of into on many destinations , certainly for cities such as berlin or rome : https://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/europe there is a lot to see in rome for example , and perhaps check out some other stuff nearby . 
  for example , take a train to naples and check it out , and from there take a bus to ancient ruined cities such as pompeii . 
  februari is one of the coldest months , but i do n't think it 'll be cold for someone used to canadian weather . 
  the province of gelderland : - operation market garden : the events depicted in the movie a bridge too far . 
  it 's a smoked sausage . 
  in this picture on top of boerenkool ( mash of potatoes and kale ) . 
  - dirt bike racing , especially in the more rural parts . 
  there is also the associated event [ de zwarte cross ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ejvw2ihnaxo ) , which started out as a dirt bike event where people would dress up weirdly or use weird vehicles on the track . 
  and lots of beer . 
  today it has expanded and has a broader audience than just the locals and motocross enthousiasts . 
  that movie is of a bunch of foreigners attending the party , but gives a decent idea of what it is . 
  - one of the more famous bands from here is [ normaal ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jbyj3vd8bdu ) , who are also from the dirt bike scene . 
  i like rutte as well , i even ( reluctantly ) voted vvd . 
  i disagree with a lot what the vvd does and did but i could n't find a better party . 
  anyway , i feel that the vvd had a bunch of fairly popular politicians , who are actually quite cheerful and witty . 
  wiegel , bolkestijn , and now rutte . 
  in contrast , the pvda seems to have a knack for electing the wrong guy for the job , because their party members seem to be out of sync with the voter base . 
  standard dutch is officially the same language , and flemish people regularly pop up on dutch television , so when i think of belgium i think of the flemish rather than the walloons . 
  i used to watch `` samson en gert '' , a kid 's show about a dog and his owner , from belgium . 
  there are differences in the use of language , but not a lot , if people try to speak the standard version . 
  the benelux is n't really something people talk about . 
  we do n't know a lot about luxembourg . 
  i 've seen some news programmes from luxembourg on tv , and luxembourgish sounds a lot like german to me . 
  we have a leader ? 
   our prime minister is mark rutte , who is currently leading the demissionary caretaker cabinet ( 39 out of 150 seats after the last election on march 15 ) . 
  the parties still have n't succeeded in forming a new government coalition since then , and it 's not looking hopeful either . 
  i think mark rutte is sort of ok though , i did n't agree with a lot of what the last vvd-pvda cabinet did , a combination of free-market liberals and social democrats , but rutte is a skilfull negotiator , as he had to deal with a minority in the senate and look for support from the opposition . 
  his cabinet was the first since 1998 i think to actually finish the full 4 year term , and not falling apart before the end . 
  and despite him leading a coalition that was very impopular , he managed to still remain the largest party . 
  i think one of the reasons is that they have seen those places in american movies . 
  lots of movies are set in las vegas or la/hollywood . 
  at least most people would recognise the landmarks there . 
  it 's just that many american cities look so different from ours . 
  and people want to see what their home does n't have . 
  of course many people have seen some major us cities in movies , and might want to see them in real life . 
  i think that in part has to do with how americans get fewer days off , so must do with shorter vacations . 
  i think europeans sometimes have a bit of a checklist ( and a bit more time ) , because many people visit the well-known spots such as la/hollywood , ny , las vegas , washington . 
  i think in part because those places are already known since a huge amount of american movies take place in those cities . 
  hollywood hills , the mall , the strip . 
  i also sort got the eiffel tower achievement , as in i drove past it on the way south at night , and i might have very possible seen it in the distance . 
  anyway , it must have been in the vicinity since we were busy getting lost in paris at night . 
  a lot of tourist things are more interesting to foreigners as well . 
  i live obviously not too far from amsterdam ( of course everything is nearby in the netherlands from an american perspective ) , but i 've never seen the anne frank house for example , except on tv . 
  never really visited those two areas with the famous windmills , kinderdijk and zaanse schans . 
  people always want to see what their country does n't really have . 
  we went to austria for mountains and snow and skiing . 
  i 've been browsing wikivoyage , which has a lot of info on locations worldwide , and it turns out there is really a lot in my own country i have n't seen yet . 
  i think that 's in part because french , spanish and german are widely spoken in europe , and french and spanish even worldwide . 
  same for english . 
  but czech is only useful in the czech republic , and perhaps in slovakia . 
  and czech is also has quite complex grammar , at least that is how it looks to me . 
  people in europe sometimes also classify czechia as eastern europe , they just lump in all former communist countries as `` east '' . 
  there are expats living in the netherlands who ca n't be bothered to learn the language for years , and they get by just fine . 
  most people can speak at least basic english , though some elderly people mostly had german or french during their education . 
  there are lots of american and british tv shows and movies on dutch channels that are not dubbed , so people are used to hearing english . 
  and if you like ` exotic ' food , try to get a [ rijsttafel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel ) in an indonesian restaurant . 
  that basically lets you sample a lot of foodstuffs from indonesia , the spice islands that ` made the netherlands great again ' in our golden age ( of course coupled with a lot of abuse towards the indonesian people ) . 
  the german word order , by throwing all the verbs as far back in the sentence as possible , sounds a bit archaic to me . 
  i know some of my grandparents ( from the early 20th century ) spoke that way . 
  it 's not wrong , but it sounds a bit old-fashioned or perhaps formal . 
  but it 's not wrong . 
  german is indeed really similar to dutch . 
  we also get some german in school in the netherlands , so most people can understand a bit of german . 
  they have different rules for phonology though , and for how they correspond ( differently ) to the same letters . 
  if you know both systems of spelling vs pronunciation it looks even more similar . 
  also , when learning german vocabulary , make sure to learn the gender and plural together with it , as some plurals of common words are irregular . 
  - der man , die m\u00e4nner - das kind , die kinder and word order is something that will likely become intuitive if you use the language often enough . 
  immersion is very important . 
  watch german media , read german news , and so on , once you got the basics down . 
  some of the more simple phrases are fairly similar between german and dutch , and even english . 
  `` ik heb een appel '' is similar to `` i have an apple '' , and `` ich habe ein apfel '' . 
  especially one you know about the p --  pf sound shift that german had . 
  not sure i used the correct grammar there , the case system with its ein/einen etc trips me up , as i do n't use german often enough . 
  gouda ( the city and the cheese named after it ) are more like gowda , with the g being pronounced similar to the ch in loch . 
  the g as in english ` give ' does n't exist in dutch , except in loanwords . 
  so ` chowda ' , with the guttural ch at the start . 
  there is blood coming from my ears . 
  milk ? 
  that is heathenry !, 
  people usually add a generous amount of meat gravy at serving , and a lump of butter , or a bit of vinegar . 
  you make a hole in the middle and it turns into a [ kuiltje jus ] ( http://images.dpchallenge.com/images_challenge/1000-1999/1125/800/copyrighted_image_reuse_prohibited_834204.jpg ) , a little hole of meat gravy . 
  fries do n't need ketchup , they need mayonnaise . 
  get some potatoes and some vegetables , boil them to shit , and mash them together with [ this ] ( https://www.meerdanvlees.nl/image/510/570/450/0/1/1/stamper.jpg ) , the most important kitchen appliance in the north . 
  then you 'll experience real cuisine . 
  but it referred to stuff such as france surrendering paris without making a stand ( which was entirely justified in my opinion , as it would have left paris in ruins ) . 
  france has an impressive military history , from charles martel to napoleon , and france has one of the most powerful militaries of europe today . 
  the german movie [ goodbye lenin ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/good_bye,_lenin ! ), 
  funny movie about the fall of the berlin wall , as seen through the pov of a family . 
  dutch movie : [ soldaat van oranje/soldier of orange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soldier_of_orange ) .
