  he has said some weird things in the past , and of course gave someone ( ecb people ? 
  the finger , literally , during a speech . 
  the sea already took so much land in the last 10k years , it 's only fitting we took some back . 
  i wonder why people live there . 
  i wonder the same about siberia btw . 
  it 's just 10 million people . 
  i think he means that the eu should bail them out . 
  of course the eu is set up in a very different way from the us . 
  no one would want to loan them money unless possibly at ridiculous interest rates , which will only make things worse long term . 
  they defaulted on a fucking imf loan , which is the last thing you want to default on . 
  no , send it to luxemburg instead . 
  oh , i hate the `` household budgeting '' metaphor that politicians always come up with . 
  it is so idiotic . 
  must be infuriating for people who actually know it 's nonsense . 
  olives are dirt cheap , and they can make feta and yoghurt anywhere ( except they ca n't call it feta , they 'll just call it `` greek-style cheese '' ) . 
  ah , of course !, 
  i even remember i saw it on tv , the people there were really upset they had to pay for greeks who were wealthier than they were . 
  i already knew the world was inherently unfair but these people experienced it more than i have . 
  do romanians and slovakians really stand to gain anything from sending money to greece ? 
  i find that hard to believe . 
  greece is only a tiny part of the eu economy , and these countries are not part of the eurozone anyway . 
  will they pay off the imf then ? 
  the rest of the eu is too cheap obviously . 
  we would have brought civilisation to the whole world instead of just the countries around the north sea . 
  imagine the british empire + the dutch empire + the german empire . 
  we could have skipped ww2 and might have ended up with a world government from london . 
  a large part of wellington 's army was dutch or german . 
  too bad everything went to shit 100 years later . 
  peanutbutter-sambal is good though . 
  hm , that 's true . 
  the nazi occupation before that was also one of the worst . 
  come to think of it , the greeks have a centuries long string of bad luck since the fall of constantinople . 
  and we will dredge the north sea and recreate doggerland . 
  ah , ok . oh well , it 's all over anyway . 
  i agree , but it 's probably too late for now . 
  it would just mean more support for far-left and far-right parties in the next election . 
  they are aching for an opportunity like that . 
  ah , others said polandball , i 'm pretty sure the term could have been used years before either though . 
  i like the term . 
  the french and dutch voted no on lissabon . 
  attitudes have n't improved in the netherlands , quite the opposite . 
  how ? 
  it would still cost money , the issue here is monies monies . 
  it 's pretty clear the other countries do n't want to pay anymore . 
  i do n't think the germans are rooting for more integration . 
  more the opposite in fact . 
  yeah , i forgot about that one . 
  swamp germans are dutch , island germans are the british i assume . 
  lots of furries there too . 
  i want to restore a land connection between england and the netherlands so we can have a great german empire again . 
  i do n't believe in peanut butter . 
  where is it from ? 
  i have no idea what pb means . 
  what does pb even mean ? 
  i 'm a simple marsh dweller . 
  not going to work , the us always sides with turkey . 
  you do if there is no money to pay for it . 
  they have a primary surplus so they are not spending a lot , except for debt payments . 
  the germans and the swamp germans . 
  but it was n't eastern bloc like the others . 
  i 'm thinking more and more it is just one school being paranoid . 
  from what i read so far nothing has happened yet . 
  i have very little faith in rt , the conspiracy is strong with that one . 
  i hope the german news sites are n't copying rt. 
  i agree somewhat , but i do n't think it is what the germans want . 
  it is their money after all . 
  i think the germans should build nukes , they are the odd one out compared to the uk and france . 
  treaties that the countries signed voluntarily . 
  i agree that we can not send back refugees to dangerous places . 
  but it is distributed unfair . 
  how many refugees does japan take in for example ? 
  i do n't think very much while it is a wealthy country . 
  meanwhile the mediterranean is overcrowded with refugees . 
  other countries should step in more . 
  and i do n't put that much stock in treaties , who is in control of crimea now ? 
  it is guaranteed by the country you put your money in . 
  how safe would you feel if your savings were guaranteed by a country two days away from default ? 
  it 's 100k in the whole eurozone as far as i know . 
  but how safe would you feel if your money was guaranteed by a country that 's now two days away from default and you ca n't get it out of the bank ? 
  why would n't they spend it on their own militaries instead ? 
  except they ca n't pay for it at all . 
  you ca n't expect another country to fund your military . 
  in your example it would be better for germany to not pay greece and spend the money on their own military since they spend much less than the 2 % . 
  well , if these people follow girls around for not being covered they are cunts and should be kept indoors . 
  it 's really easy to behave normally in germany without bothering anyone . 
  of course we do n't know if they would do that , or if it 's just the school being paranoid , or if it 's just russia today nonsense . 
  i just noticed the website . 
  how are refugees not guest ? 
  they come from some other place and they stay until their country is safe . 
  they are there because of the hospitality of the host country . 
  well , why would they harass them ? 
  that 's sort of a stupid thing to do when you are a refugee and want to stay . 
  if they ca n't behave in a normal german town let them stay indoors . 
  then why is the us looking for him ? 
  he is not a citizen so i do n't see why leaking the documents of a foreign government is something that gets you into trouble . 
  europe unite ? 
  we are talking thousands of years into the future here . 
  that is exactly the reason why germany 's political leaders want this to blow over asap . 
  everyone is spying , no need to rock the boat or maybe attention will be drawn to your own little sins . 
  could n't the baltic states + finland develop nuclear weapons together ?
