  i 've heard some people from the ( sometimes formerly ) dutch antilles , and their first language is usually either papiamento , which is a variety or perhaps a creole of spanish and portuguese . 
  i had a little spanish in school and i could read a news article in papiamento and mostly get what it was about ( it was about someone who who got caught with a weed plantation , * plantacione de ganja * ) . 
  in a funny twist of fate we now have a queen who speaks spanish fluently as she is from argentina , * la reina m\u00e1xima * belgian accents are sometimes hard to understand as well , but they are obviously part of the native dutch `` language area '' . 
  they are no more a dialect of ` netherlandish dutch ' than the other way around . 
  not exactly a spaniard/latino answer , but at least our national anthem has this :  william of nassau  am i , of german blood . 
   loyal to the fatherland  i will remain until i die . 
   a prince of orange  am i , free and fearless . 
   the king of spain  i have always honoured . 
  it was written from the pov of william the silent , a german prince of orange ( in france ) from the house of nassau ( in modern germany ) , who initially was loyal to the king of spain , at first charles v , but who essentially rebelled during the reign of phillip ii and the protestant reformation . 
  the `` german blood '' thing is possibly controversial , as during the time of william there may not have been much of a distinction between germans and dutch people : there is a reason dutch and deutsch are similar . 
  i agree , but so is the low german or the frisian spoken in parts of germany . 
  and swiss german is a different language as well , i ca n't understand even though i had german in school . 
  what is a language is sadly more political than linguistic . 
  i noticed among students , that the dutch and german students often spoke english to each other . 
  i 've heard it 's a common complaint though , that people switch to english when they notice you are not a native speaker . 
  and most people like germany . 
  i do n't know anyone with a negative opinion on it , not even of the generation of my grandparents who suffered quite a bit during ww2 . 
  i think it 's more the general rudeness and impoliteness of many people in the netherlands . 
  and it 's a national hobby to make ww2 jokes . 
  it 's not meant personally , and it 's probably not considered nearly as offensive in the netherlands as the same jokes would be in germany . 
  i think the only people who generally dislike germans are football fans , especially the fanatic ones . 
  no , both of those apply at the same time !, 
  they are 100 % heritage nations , and 100 % american , so 200 % person . 
  it 's not so much a mix , as it is part of a dialect contiuum between different dialects of german , frisian and dutch . 
  the lines are perhaps not so strict , it feels more fluid . 
  pretty much everyone can understand people from the next town , and those people can understand the next town , but at some point that stops working ( unless people choose to speak a standard language ) . 
  here 's a picture : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:continental_west_germanic_languages.png i think dutch or luxembourgish/l \u00ebtzebuergisch would be considered dialects of german , but most people consider them different languages ( probably only because they are independent ) . 
  i think that 's pretty much the last thing you 'll get right in the language . 
  dutch has lost the case system , and only has two genders , so those are the hard parts of learning german for me . 
  the language is otherwise very similar to dutch . 
  i notice that many second-language dutch speakers get the genders wrong , and even second generation immigrants . 
  it is something you 'll generally learn through immersion . 
  not impossible , just unlikely . 
  we like cheap food , even if it 's disgusting . 
  in many places in europe that money wo n't get you very far . 
  1500 is n't much more than the minimum wage in the netherlands , and that does n't make you ` rich ' in any sense of the word . 
  cost of living is high enough that you 'll burn through the 1500 pretty quickly . 
  many people pay 700-800 for a room or an apartment , someone making only half of 1500 is considered horribly poor here . 
  i do n't think you mean ` better ' , you mean ` cheaper ' , 
  but leiden is very nice . 
  but utrecht is nice . 
  jeweettoch ? 
  voting for them is a form of protest , or a way of at least not voting for the mainstream parties . 
  danland ? 
  the dutch word is * denemarken * . 
  i would like * denenland * . 
  i 'm really curious how this is going to work out . 
  i agree that 4-5 parties is ridiculous , and would ignore a large block of voters . 
  if the pvv really becomes the largest party by such a margin , the other parties should accept it and possibly do it the other way around than it was last time : if they ca n't form a coalition with the pvv , at least support them as a minority cabinet . 
  however it turns our , forming the next cabinet in 2017 is going to be a major hassle . 
  if the polls are correct , that would take at least 4 or 5 parties . 
  yup , largest party . 
  i 'm curious how this is going to work out , as most parties do n't want to form a coalition with them . 
  i think that 's the cultural difference : if you drink , smoke , and age , your teeth are not supposed to be that white . 
  it looks fake , and looking fake is worse than looking your age . 
  i think that also depends on renewing your/his passport . 
  you can lose dutch citizenship if you have another citizenship ( they wo n't make you stateless ) , if you stop renewing your/his passport . 
  the - ia/i \u00eb suffix is still common in dutch , as the other poster demonstrated . 
  indonesia is called * indonesi\u00eb * , and formerly * nederlands indi\u00eb * . 
  we could say * tsjechische republiek * , but people just say * tsjechi\u00eb * , which is basically czechia . 
  the ch is pronounced as a guttural sound that english does n't have . 
  and their president is also a prince , the co-prince of andorra . 
  in the netherlands it 's called tsjechi\u00eb , which is similar to chechia . 
  * tsjechische republiek * is n't really used . 
  i could see a * tsjechland * , but it 's not used . 
  speaking the language is an important part of identity in europe . 
  if you do n't speak german , you are not german . 
  if you do n't speak french , you are not french . 
  at least for the netherlands , the election only determines who enters the lower house ( * tweede kamer * in dutch , second chamber ) . 
  they then try to form a majority coalition , which usually ( but not always ) contains the largest party . 
  a majority coalition takes 76/150 seats . 
  then they appoint the members of the governing cabinet , the pm , vice-pm and the ministers and * staatssecretarissen * , secretaries of state ( which is generally a lesser position than minister ) . 
  the lower house can choose to appoint pretty much anyone they want . 
  usually ( but again , not always ) , the pm and vice-pm are the * lijsttrekker * ( the first person on the party ballot ) . 
  in the current cabinet , the * lijsttrekker * from vvd , which is the liberal party , as in free-market liberals , became the pm mark rutte . 
  the * lijsttrekker * from the smaller coalition partner pvda ( labour ) , diederik samsom , decided to remain leader of his faction in the lower house instead of joining the cabinet , and another member of the pvda became vice-pm ( lodewijk asscher ) . 
  for the upcoming elections in march , lodewijk asscher will be * lijsttrekker * . 
  all in all it 's much more based on political parties , rather than constituencies . 
  i also think it feels much denser than it really is , because britain is so extremely centralised . 
  london is extremely overcrowded , and there are a few other major cities , but overall the population is divided very unevenly . 
  on the other hand , a country like germany has high pop density than britain i think , but the population is distributed mostly evenly across the country . 
  but that 's mostly just bits of england , right ? 
  there is almost no one in scotland . 
  perhaps that 's the joke , and they just want to rub it in your face . 
  take that , disreputable peasant !, 
  most eu countries are in nato , the most power military alliance the world has ever seen . 
  they also currently do n't really have enemies capable of a serious invasion . 
  of course a nuclear war could ruin europe , but i think that 's unlikely to happen because the retaliation would be horrible . 
  i watched the bbc yesterday , there was a debate in the house of commons . 
  one right honourable member of parliament was wearing an ugly tie and was reminded of it by another right honourable mp , and another right honourable mp said he was happy to be colourblind . 
  then another right honourable mp wore a silly hat to raise money for breast cancer , and the right honourable chairman told him wearing hats was n't allowed in the house of commons . 
  i have never seen to many right honourable people in one room . 
  ah , interesting . 
  i think the situation is mostly similar in the netherlands , but the government still generally adresses citizens in the formal way , whether in letters or when speaking to government officials . 
  but especially among younger people ( everyone who is not 90 years old ) the informal is generally preferred , aside from formal occasions . 
  yes , the region of franconia is n't really frankish . 
  the same is true for some of the bundesl\u00e4nder with ` saxon ' in the name , they are not where the saxons live . 
  but there is a small area close to the border with the netherlands where the dialect is supposedly similar to the dutch dialects on the other side . 
  similar with low saxon , it as it 's sort of a dialect continuum it does n't stop at the border . 
  and there is quite a bit of variety within the languages anyway .
