  `` no , your father am i '' . 
  `` if down you strike me , shall become more powerful than you imagine i will . '', 
  this is actually very interesting , it 's the same in dutch but i never really knew there was a rule for it . 
  it is somewhat empty , as german uses a lot of modal particles such as ` doch mal ' . 
  what is that good for ? 
  dutch has it as well . 
  they are called modal particles , german has a bunch of those . 
  you can only vote for two other people , and it needs their voting pass with their signature on it . 
  and also : you are not allowed to take a picture of your voting papers , since that would mean you could offer proof of you voting a certain way . 
  there were people taking selfies while voting , which is against the law , for that reason . 
  it sort of does mean that those people are religious nutters . 
  what good is a state religion ? 
  which makes all the more ironic that erdogan called us `` remnants of nazism '' ( probably just for the insult factor , which was yuuge ) . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  perhaps that was a reason for the euro notes to be all the same , only the coins vary by country . 
  ah , that makes sense . 
  i thought it was about gibraltar . 
  sounds similar to the euro coins actually , which have different designs on the obverse . 
  i have never of people refusing them though . 
  perhaps people in england are unfamiliar with the scottish version , as i 'm guessing there are about 10 times more english pounds than scottish , because of population and economy ? 
  because the un says something does n't make it so . 
  officially it 's a british overseas territory . 
  a colony implies that people are not self-governing or otherwise have no representation . 
  gilbraltar is self-governing * and * they were allowed to vote in the brexit referendum . 
  do they even have the land available for that ? 
  it 's just a rock with a city on it . 
  and if there are n't many trading partners nearby unless the uk gets a good deal with the eu . 
  there 's a reason many of these tiny states/territories/islands set up tax havens or otherwise try to attract money such as with banking , with a tiny population and few resources ( and often distant from trading partners ) it 's not really feasible to set up efficient industries . 
  exactly !, 
  for a functional democracy , you need a civil society first . 
  free press , and different media such as newspapers or tv channels who cater to the different political views , and organisations such as labour unions , religious organisations , monarchist clubs , rotaries , whatever . 
  you need a pluristic civil society before democracy becomes useful . 
  if the government actively suppresses pretty much all other political groups , elections are meaningless . 
  turkey is just a second russia : a veneer of democracy , but well on the road to a semi-dictatorship . 
  why should they be funding western universities ? 
  have n't they got better things to spend their money on ? 
  i 'm not so sure that foreign funding from ideological/political groups in our education system is a great idea . 
  what could we possibly learn from wahabbists ? 
  how to be more more backwards ? 
  universities get enough government money , tution fees and money from research that they should n't go begging from foreign religious fanatics . 
  then do n't accept the money . 
  sure , but that was n't my point . 
  i do n't particularly care about political power struggles and nonsense from turkey . 
  what i do n't understand is why the g\u00fclen people should be sponsored by european universities . 
  i do n't think they have anything useful to add . 
  if it 's about historical understand we should learn * of * them , not * from * them . 
  marx is a hugely influential sociologist . 
  somehow he is always portrayed as the founder of communism , but a lot of what he wrote is still accepted by many people today . 
  i think most people would agree with universal education for everyone , one of the points of the communist manifesto of marx and engels . 
  and the idea of social class is widely accepted even in ( or especially in ) right-wing marketing people . 
  marx is widely considered one of the founding fathers of sociology , but somehow people just focus on the soviet commie stuff that he had no part in . 
  i do n't think many people learn about g\u00fclen in school world-wide . 
  heiden !, 
  you are right , but this is promoted by an organisation who worked with the akp , religious fanatics . 
  that 's different from academics debating historical materialism , which is still relevant today , and not just for communists or other leftists . 
  marx is a very important person in sociology , i do n't think g\u00fclen is . 
  perhaps talk about the importance of religion in society with people who are not islamist politicians ? 
  je parle un petit rotterdams : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kxfmwxbbgbw, 
  marx was one of the founders of sociology . 
  surely that 's different from a religious fanatic . 
  historical materialism has something to say about the world , old religious books do n't except in history class . 
  i 'm reminded of a quote from blackadder , where general melchett asks captain blackadder what the top leader could do for the morale of the men : `` his resignation , and subsequent suicide '' . 
  he 's just a political islamist who was once a friend of erdogan , but they had a falling out apparently . 
  now he gets the blame for that failed coup last year . 
  they speak english in what ? 
  independence is something else than annexation . 
  and who decides what is legal ? 
  if some people want to leave , they might just do so . 
  not trying to be personal , but the netherlands gained its independence through war , but was de facto indepent for about 80 years before it was accepted internationally . 
  i ca n't really imagine being part of either spain or the hre . 
  we are all remnants of nazism . 
  did you not know ? 
  hop across the border for cheap booze , that 's what yuropeans do !, 
  i like the phrase `` confidently uninformed '' , that 's a perfect description of some people . 
  i saw an interview recently on the bbc with two women who voted for trump , and they were fanatic . 
  any criticism of trump was `` lies from the media '' . 
  they were at his inauguration , and the suggestion that there were fewer people than at obama 's inauguration was not true to them , `` lies from the media '' . 
  not a shred of doubt . 
  to them , trump was the second coming . 
  you see the same in the netherlands . 
  someone put on facebook that refugees immediately got a home and a job , and that was picked up by people , even though it 's false , but it became a meme after someone said [ * dat hep gestaan op feesboek * ] ( http://i.imgur.com/s2lz6z1.jpg ) , as if it were a reliable source . 
  it means `` it was posted on facebook '' in misspelled dutch . 
  and we had the horrible ukraine referendum . 
  and it had the same problem you mentioned : the question was n't really done right , which is what sets apart an ok referendum from a horrible one . 
  we had two questions on the ballot , for or against ( the treaty with ukraine ) . 
  but the referendum would be invalid if fewer than 30 % ( i think ) turnout . 
  so likely a lot of people who feared an against outcome did n't vote , in the hope that the referendum would n't pass . 
  so there were essentially three options . 
  the referendum passed by a small margin , and the outcome was against . 
  the whole setup was just wrong , and the referendum never should have happened , especially not after the fact : this was in 2016 , when the treaty was already being implemented . 
  same with coalition cabinets falling . 
  i think this last one is one of the few that made it to the end since the 90s . 
  coalitions tend to fall apart and then there are new elections if they ca n't find a new majority . 
  even when it 's hard to see this coalition come together , it 's easy to see them fall apart in one or two years if a major issue pops up . 
  i think that google translate went off the rails at the end there : boaters is not a person , but a translation of schippers , who is indeed the ` scout ' who is exploring the different possible coalitions by talking to all the party leaders . 
  not to be confused with broekers , who is a real person . 
  this coalition has a majority in both houses so it could possibly form an effective government . 
  however , it would mean a coalition government between the free-market liberals , the liberal democrats , the christian democrats , and the greenleft . 
  in the article , the picture is not in the same order as the parties are mentioned . 
  short breakdown : - the second person is mark rutte , leader of the free-market liberals , the vvd , and the largest party at 33/150 seats .
