  of course there are mistakes from using a non-native language , but it 's possible these people just do not have much talent for language or spelling , even in their native language . 
  i also noticed horrible mistakes in spelling and grammar in the material produced by the university teachers . 
  i really do n't mean this in a nasty way , but you are german  i 've noticed among the germans i know that they are often fairly pacifist . 
  i think it is obvious what played a role in this : ww2 . 
  the * nazis * started a war of aggression , and the * german people * suffered greatly for it . 
  now from the other perspective : the netherlands was a neutral country in ww1 , and in the period before ww2 became fairly pacifist and anti-militaristic ( the movement of `` the broken rifle '' ) , and neglected the military . 
  they also wanted to be neutral in ww2 , but germany invaded and the defensive war was pretty much a failure . 
  then came 5 years of horrors and ethnic cleansing ( 75 % of dutch jews did n't survive , and many other civilians did n't make it either , through reprisal killings and starvation ) . 
  i think the same can be said for france and britain , they had to fight a defensive war they were not prepared for . 
  i think this may explain some of the different attitudes to war . 
  you want to be at least as warlike as to deter anyone from invading you , and prevent an occupation . 
  that 's probably why britain and france have nuclear weapons , which are essentially defensive weapons ( `` if you attack me , i 'll drag you down to hell with me '' ) . 
  and usually there are enough opportunities for dialogue , but not when one of the parties is fanatic . 
  if isis wants no education for women , is there a middle ground ? 
  `` ok , we 'll just give half of the women an education '' . 
  there is no middle ground , so there will be a clash at some point . 
  the french military supported the government of mali against an islamist insurgency . 
  i think that is a justified war : it would be worse to have the beheaders and murderers in charge in mali . 
  if the nazis/soviets/isis come for me , i hope there is a strong military with enough ammunition to kill them ten times over . 
  iraq would have eventually become a shithole once the dictatorship fails , which is in many cases inevitable . 
  the invasion just sped up that process . 
  they just had to divide up the country according to religion and ethnic group , and not have a bunch of angry sunnis be ruled by the shia majority , and not try to keep an artificial country together . 
  and i do n't see how sending bandages helps , when you allow bombing and murdering to continue . 
  relief generally ca n't even reach the areas that need it most . 
  i do n't see how sanctions or relief really help for syrians , their civil war needs to be stopped , if needed by killing every last man holding a rifle or until an unconditional surrender . 
  and the seeds of isis and other terrorism were there before iraq , by allowing wealthy shitholes from arabia to use their money to spread religious fundamentalism . 
  even 9/11 happened long before iraq , there were enough of those idiots back then . 
  hong kong is quite a different situation . 
  is is practicing genodice and ethnic cleansing , ca n't let that go . 
  assad is bombing his own population and has used chemical weapons . 
  people in hong kong are politically somewhat repressed , but it 's not comparable at all to the ruined cities in syria . 
  there will be no peace until every maniac that beheads people with a dull knife is dead . 
  but i 'm not sure a single foreign policy is really feasible . 
  the countries currently have such different interests . 
  is a european federation going to do something if minor overseas territories are invaded , such as the falklands or some caribbean islands ? 
  i 've heard that goats and sheep like onions and leftover onion skins . 
  i 've seen a farmer unload the bruised and ugly onions he could n't sell on a field of sheep and they ran after the truck because they knew they would get onions . 
  i first misread the title as ` croats in slovenia ' . 
  hmm . 
  not sure , they usually seem to cooperate well , sharing intelligence and such . 
  but it 's unfair to let the us pay so much for defending europe . 
  how will it get peaceful and resolved by not interfering ? 
  that has been tried for nearly 5 years and it did n't work . 
  there is already quite a bit of cooperation . 
  the navies of the netherlands and belgium work together closely , such as with an upcoming naval upgrade and maintenance , and germany and the netherlands have the german/dutch army corps that has a shared command structure and is 30.000 strong . 
  there are also dutch commandos in mali to work with the french military there . 
  * you * know that , but since you are living in luxembourg you are probably a bit more cosmopolitan than the average person . 
  there is a lot ` retreat behind the dikes , close the borders ' rubbish going around . 
  i think you even see it a bit in tv shows in recent years . 
  all smell a bit of patriottic nostalgia . 
  of course there are massive benefits for a small country when it comes to free trade and open borders , but you do n't hear that on the news every day . 
  what people do hear : hordes of refugees ( ` testosterone bombs ' who come to rape here , according to a certain politician ) , poles ` taking our jobs ' , false rumours about refugees immediately getting a house and a job ( `` dat hep op feesbook gestaan '' ) , the government wasting money by incompetence ( such as the layoffs at the belastingdienst , where even people who were close to retiring got a ridiculous amount of money to get lost ) , a scandal with a minister about every week ( the teeven-deal , the `` lost '' receipt ) . 
  i 'm really for free trade and the free movement of people in the eu , but those are not really tangible . 
  you get an update on the economy a couple of times a year `` oh , we project 1 % growth !, 
  '' , and for the rest of the year it 's all bad news ( even if it does n't directly affect most people ) . 
  the current politicians are in some ways incompetent , but one great failure is their pr , and the enormous disdain they sometimes display towards voters . 
  if politicians advise people to vote yes in a referendum , they will vote no . 
  that bent bananas story was a hoax . 
  i get your point though . 
  another silver lining is that the european nato allies are realising they need to step up a bit . 
  well , if they are about as incompetent as the ones we have now , what does it matter ? 
  even if the people voting populist only do so to spite the current politicians , they have gained something . 
  and the current politicians seems to quite consistently ignore referendums . 
  when then should they vote for , if they are opposed to current policies ? 
  to use the trump example , i think most of his voters knew he was n't going to build that wall , but they just did n't want more of the same politics . 
  germany and italy were also part of the axis , so ? 
  ah , you are correct on that last one . 
  and in this case the cost was even shared between the netherlands and belgium . 
  but i 'm not sure what you could have for 1.2 billion , it 'll likely be like you said , some specialised force , which is also happening in smaller countries today . 
  the netherlands has defensive patriot missiles and a good commando corps , and a bunch of f16s . 
  but i still think that 600k people is quite small , but perhaps it would work if they worked together with other countries . 
  the netherlands and germany have a combined taskforce , and we work together with belgium for that upcoming navy update . 
  and did you mean a source for me saying that 1.2 billion is not enough ( source : my gut feeling , so not a source at all ) , or for the navy upgrade of 4 billion ? 
  in the article it says that belgium will take care of maintenance on the mine sweepers , and the netherlands will mostly handle the frigates . 
  that would also require a common foreign policy . 
  would germany or the baltic states go along with france policing their former colonies in africa , or with protecting overseas territories such as the caribbean territories of the netherlands or britain ? 
  or the falklands ? 
  countries are n't going to give up their own interests outside of europe . 
  yeah , but also a ridiculously tiny population of under 600k people . 
  i do n't think you can support a serious army on that . 
  and 1.2 billion is fairly limited , the dutch and belgian navies have just made a deal to acquire 4 billion worth of ships together . 
  i do n't think luxembourg could really pull off more than a handful of soldiers and some transport for them , no way they could run an air force or anything of the kind on 1.2 billion . 
  sure , but if you 're not putting in enough effort as an ally then it 's not so strange that the one doing all the work is reconsidering the alliance . 
  ok , but that 's 3 years away . 
  if someone is at less than 1 % , i do n't think they 'll be able to set up an effective military in three years ( ok , that was n't the deal , the deal was 2 % , but in many countries there has been a severe lack of effort ) . 
  yeah , i already figured that the comment above was n't right , but the point remains the same : you can not expect a tiny country or a poor country to have the same contribution , so it seems fair to just let everyone pay 2 % . 
  eh , it would take a long time to get enough nukes , and by that time the russians may have developed their own . 
  and the western allies really were not able to fight the russians , and nukes would not have stopped the red army : you might ruin a few cities and kill a few 100k people , but that wo n't stop one of the largest armies the world has ever seen . 
  yeah , but the point is that everyone puts in the same amount of ` effort ' . 
  otherwise you 'd have luxembourg at 0,44 % and romania at 10 % or something , and that 's just not feasible . 
  well , it was espionage , so it was not ` given ' in any meaningful way . 
  and without nuclear weapons all of europe would have been lost . 
  the western allies were at a severe disadvantage against the red army . 
  also , the soviets started their nuclear program long before 1945 . 
  i think the cold war was pretty much inevitable . 
  and how would it help to try to get enough nukes but delay dropping them on japan ? 
  the soviets spied on the project anyway . 
  but is it really so unreasonable to expect a bit more effort from europeans ? 
  some countries are even below 1 % spending when 2 % was the agreement . 
  of course the way trump phrases it is n't very diplomatic , but it would n't be a bad thing if there was a nato summit where they agreed to increase spending in europe over the coming years .
