  fuck , i would n't be willing to do it at all , let them either put pavement on it or pay market wages for someone to do it for them . 
  it 's more important for young people to get an education , rather than involuntarily stealing someone else 's bread . 
  there are professional gardeners , let them do it , and pay them what they deserve . 
  perhaps it sounds petty , but if i was forced to do work against my will , i would put in zero effort , and perhaps try to sabotage it . 
  i 've met people who were on welfare and forced to accept jobs , and they just put in no effort , and were a detriment to the team . 
  you want motivated people , not people who are forced to be there against their will , because they 'll be useless . 
  and young people have much better things to do , such as getting an education . 
  i noticed the germans at our universities were older when they started , because they were essentially enslaved for a year . 
  if they pay for it , why do they need to force people to do it ? 
  if they pay market wages , they should have no problem finding people who would do it for a job . 
  no sense in forcing people to do it . 
  even if you are paid , it is still slavery if you can not refuse . 
  strangely , christians in the netherlands call it ` pasen ' , referring to pascha or pesach . 
  no , i do n't think that was a thing back then ( 90s ) . 
  if they are valuable , why are they unpaid ? 
  if there is demand for something , people will pay . 
  i feel it 's unfair to have essentially kids doing forced labour competing with unemployed adults , who could do the same thing for a normal wage . 
  i remember how some germans had to do `` volunteer '' ( forced labour ) work as gardeners for a hospital instead of military service . 
  why does n't the hospital hire a gardener ? 
  there are plenty of unemployed people willing to work for a normal wage , and kids should be learning instead of working . 
  edit : just in case it was n't clear , i was referring to modern germans , and not to ww2 or anything related to that . 
  if you want something done , you pay someone to do it . 
  do n't let the government use child labour to get your shit done . 
  if it 's not worth paying for , it 's probably not worth doing . 
  it was n't when i went to school , and fuck them if it was . 
  how nice to have kids competing with what could actually be real jobs , but instead have them done by unpaid children . 
  how about just paying adults to do it ? 
  linguists generally hold that native speakers always speak their native language correctly , even if it 's not the ` official ' version . 
  and it 's a bit unrelated , but dutch people sound funny when speaking english , here is bill bailey doing a very good accent . 
  note the ` sloppy ' s 's . 
  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_utdzstznfy they might type perfectly fine sentences on the interwebs , but sound like that clip of bill bailey , on a good day . 
  on the other hand , you have people such as phil harding , the archeologist , whose pronunciation is pretty different from standard english . 
  but he is a native speaker of english as spoken in the west of england . 
  as a native speaker , he is more or less correct by definition . 
  advocaat and beerenburg !, 
  and perhaps dropshot , but that 's less famous . 
  they were n't on the map for a large part of the 20th century , so people simply do n't know much about them . 
  the 30 year 's war were the last 30 years of the 80 year 's war , the war between catholics and protestants expanded over a large part of europe ( although france was on the protestant side against the habsburgs ) . 
  the peace of 1648 made the dutch republic officially independent . 
  never done so . 
  however , there may be a different connection to your elected officials in countries where there is regional representation , and an mp/congressman is actually representing your district on a national level . 
  this is not the case in the netherlands : small country with proportional representation . 
  i vote for the party i believe in , and to represent an ideology , not so much a specific person . 
  you can of course still contact these people and it is done . 
  i have never done so , but i have been to a symposium where the finance minister was a guest speaker . 
  but communication was mostly in the other direction : he gave a lecture on the current state of our retirement funds , and of the government budget . 
  and of course crimea . 
  yeah , despite all the talk about constitutions , international law , rulings from the un , nothing of that matters if you can not enforce it . 
  and people such as putin seem strong believers in realpolitik , and not so much in bits of paper with ink on them . 
  but do constitutions outright ban it ? 
  because if it 's not mentioned , it should n't be a problem at all . 
  and some constitutions are actually more like guidelines , or allow for a president/monarch to make executive decisions at times . 
  if people want something , there is generally a way around it , people get creative in interpreting the rules . 
  i remember that the abortion law in belgium required the signature of the king , who was morally opposed to it , so the king abdicated for a day so the politicians could push through that law , and they just reinstated the king later . 
  i personally am a believer in self-determination of regions , instead of doing things because someone wrote down a constitution long ago . 
  does that referendum have the blessing of the national government , or is it something the catalonian government organised against the will of all of spain ? 
  here is the frisian indepence movement presenting their demands to the dutch government : [ partij foar frysl\u00e2n ] ( https://i.ytimg.com/vi/fzi82f3aakq/maxresdefault.jpg ) ( ok , this was a parody , there is a regional identity in friesland but not real movement for indepence ), 
  dutch has the same origin as deutsch/diets etc. 
  about the short working hours : many people here would rather have short breaks and get home early . 
  lunch break ? 
  fuck that , just gobble down a soggy sandwich you took with you from home . 
  a pay raise ? 
  fuck that , instead of paying you more we 'll just let you work fewer hours , it works out at the same hourly rate . 
  it always surprises me how in many other places people put stock in working long hours . 
  here it 's generally `` get shit done , go home '' . 
  because there 's no point in sticking around when things are done . 
  it was the same at primary school , they shortened the breaks so we could go home at 14:30 ( and the teachers could go home earlier as well ) . 
  i think we are more or less in the same mode as germany or the nordic countries : capitalism through the rhineland model or the similar nordic model . 
  the sociologist max weber said that we protestant countries were more capitalist , because they frowned upon spending money or showing wealth , and instead re-invest it . 
  * the protestant work ethic and the spirit of capitalism * . 
  why the fuck would you buy a sandwich ? 
  you could take a filthy sandwich from home pretty much for free . 
  if i carried money , i 'd buy pretty much anything over a sandwich . 
  i chose starvation before a sandwich . 
  i 'm a dutch person and i hate our lunches . 
  soggy bread ? 
  how did you survive as a frenchman in the netherlands ? 
  i just decided to not eat anything until i got home . 
  to watch ice hockey , i need a dedicated drink . 
  and two in the morning does n't exist . 
  it 's either 2 in the evening , or 2 in the afternoon . 
  i refuse to believe in 2 in the morning . 
  llull sounds funny in dutch . 
  * lul * is a crude word for penis . 
  but then dutch people ca n't really complain , we have names such as tiny cox , mr dick , and so on . 
  not popular at all . 
  it 's not really aired here . 
  what 's on tv is generally soccer , ice-skating , tennis , and cycling . 
  i remember we did play baseball at school sometimes , but people generally do not follow professional baseball . 
  the antilles , the caribbean part of the netherlands , is a bit more focused on american sports though . 
  in my family it was mostly motor sports : formula 1 especially . 
  but also rally driving , nascar , indy , motogp , dirt bike racing , and so on . 
  * for you stole trevelion 's corn , so the young might see the morn *, 
  they would n't know what quarterpounder is . 
  come to the netherlands !, 
  lots of peanut butter here , and most of it is without added sugar . 
  the jar of peanut butter i have here is just peanuts , vegetable oil and salt , and no sugar . 
  that 's even older than i am !, 
  yes , people really talk that way , except they use less profanity than in new kids . 
  many people can switch though : from speaking strong dialect , speaking with a mild accent , and some speaking without a local accent .
