  or even just the odds that you fuck up and they go after you for money at high interest . 
  these people do n't work for free . 
  i can sort of see the benefits , but buying stuff with money you do n't so you buy up a credit rating seems quite riskey . 
  if you have multiple credit cards , and bought stuff with them before you had the money , and then lose your job , you might have fucked up your credit rating for a long time . 
  and no income with debt . 
  i 'm also surprised about how much interest some people on their debt , especially student loans . 
  i pay just over 1 % or so , and i get nearly the same from my bank account , * and * i get a pass if i ca n't pay because of low income , * and * the debt is wiped if i have n't been able to pay it back in 25 years . 
  we do n't really use a credit rating here , but of course they check for debt when you take out a mortgage . 
  but you do n't build up a credit rating , it is actually the opposite : if you are known as for not paying you can get a record at ` bureau kredietregistratie ' , so you are less likely to get any loans . 
  it is standard to get a mortgage for buying a house . 
  but for buying a car , people pay from their savings , or the car dealership offers them delayed payment , payment over two years for example ( essentially a loan ) . 
  i 'm sure buying stuff that depriates as fast as a car on credit . 
  i think most people here start driving in cheap second/third-hand cars , and only buy a new one once they 've been saving for a few years . 
  i never had a credit card , i use the pin debit card , which i can also use for electronic payments and ordering stuff online . 
  i have never seen so much snow in my life ... and this is in fucking texas . 
  i thought that was a really warm place . 
  i do n't think spain has much migration , either in workers from other eu countries or refugees , perhaps that is one of the reasons . 
  the countries more north of it have more migration , and more right wing populists , perhaps because of that reason . 
  the wealthier countries also pay more into the eu , that could also be a reason . 
  she is also in les adieux \u00e0 la reine , and ( as a bonus ) that film also has some lesbian undertones . 
  it was on tv here a while ago . 
  and everyone looks amazing in period clothes in my opinion , modern clothing is so boring . 
  793 , never forget . 
  as far as i know ave maria is in latin , not german . 
  well , i would n't go to eastern ukraine as a tourist . 
  the country is so densely populated it would be impossible for everyone to live off the land without modern agriculture and imports . 
  and there is n't anywhere that is far away from civilisation , so if civilisation collapses i guess i 'll just go down with the ship . 
  there have been a few tv shows about those preppers . 
  drama queens . 
  if they want to live in a house on the prairy that 's fine , but i prefer to enjoy civilisation while it lasts . 
  there is n't any indication of it ending anyway . 
  i also never learned any poem by heart . 
  poetry was n't a big part of language education in any of the languages we had in school . 
  i remember we got an overview of macbeth and beowulf , but we did n't even have to read them . 
  i think the main focus of the language education was to actually learn the language to a useful level and perhaps spark an interest in literature . 
  we did read dutch poetry once or twice in class , but i do n't remember any of it . 
  we did have to read literature and make book reports for both dutch and english . 
  for french and german i chose the ` basic ' course instead of the full one , so i did n't get much on french and german literature or poetry . 
  the sentence flows better with ` to get fucked up ' , but it is not exactly the same as in dutch , where the ` where ' refers to a location but somehow matches up perfectly with the ` naar de klote ' phrase . 
  i just remembered another one : ad fundum !, 
  which is latin for ` to the bottom ' ( of the glass ) , or as the british would say : bottoms up !, 
  anachronism detected !, 
  i do n't think turkeys were native to europe , they were only introduced as part of the columbian exchange . 
  the expression `` naar de kloten '' literally means `` to the balls '' but the meaning is `` fucked up '' . 
  so a translation would be `` where are we going ? 
  to ` fucked up ' '' ( ok , it does n't work so well in english ) . 
  only to be used in groups of people who want to get shitfaced , not an appropriate toast at your grandmother 's birthday . 
  i 've heard it mostly among students . 
  another one common among students : `` mogguh '' ( good morning ) , regardless of the hour . 
  the origin is that they were often drinking until the early morning hours , so they said ` good morning ' . 
  the normal toast is `` proost '' , which comes from the latin prosit . 
  it 's also common with fish stands in the netherlands . 
  well , many people claim that european cooperation through the eu and its forerunners prevented a a third world war in europe . 
  i think it is more because the european countries ruined and bankrupted themselves during the first two wws they started and because the cold war and nuclear deterrence prevented actual wars . 
  if there was a real ww3 the eu would n't be the first thing people look to as they are politically not united at all ( for foreign policy and military stuff ) . 
  people would look to nato . 
   theoretically great idea but i am still waiting for it have a legitimate hurdle . 
  waiting for a legitimate hurdle ? 
  it 's been a trainwreck for years with the eurocrisis , massive rise of euroskepticism , the refugee crisis , the conflict in ukraine ... 
  i really hope we wo n't see any bigger hurdles in the future because i do n't have that much confidence left in our euro-leaders . 
  oh , and their failure to end to move everything back and forth every month between brussels and strassbourg . 
  what a shitshow and a pure waste of money . 
  my school also did n't have a swimming pool , so when i was in primary school we walked to the local public swimming pool . 
  also , there was only one kid who could n't swim yet in primary school , so he was ` singled out ' for actual swimming lessons , while the other kids were allowed to just play around . 
  perhaps those unions are smart and know that part of the appeal of mcdonalds is that they have broader opening hours than most other food-places . 
  no customers , no jobs for the union members either . 
  in the netherlands unions take part in collective bargaining for each fo their sectors , together with the businesses and government . 
  i would say they are not exactly powerful , but they are somewhat influential here . 
  but strikes are fairly rare . 
  i think it 's a good idea that you can see your own shit before flushing it away . 
  it can be an indicator of health : as mentioned before there could be worms in your poo . 
  also , if your poop has a strange colour it might indicate liver problems or similar nasty stuff . 
  and these types of toilets do n't splash up as much water when your brown donut falls down . 
  i do n't getting cold , dirty toilet water on my private parts . 
  those unions sound ridiculous , not sure why anyone would care what they think . 
  society should just give in to criminals ? 
  if the store can stay open during the night and it is still profitable , then it is clear there is demand from society . 
  otherwise they would be losing money . 
  some grocery stores here are open on sundays , and people who work there on sundays get a 100 % bonus , so double the pay . 
  and they still make a profit otherwise they would just not open on sundays . 
  another idea would be to remove the cash register and only accept electronic payments at night ( and make it very clear at the entrance so that robbers know they do n't even need to try . 
  robbing buses is getting more common in the netherlands as well , and it 's also been discussed for places such as amsterdam to stop using cash so there 's nothing to rob . 
  see this clip , you can see what happens in the first minute or so : a masked guy walks in with a shotgun and demands the cash register , and the guy 's bag , phone and earphones ( the driver tells him he has no phone , but the robber then says `` then what are you listening music on ? '' ) . 
  [ youtube clip ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s7rqk22mfcq ) and it 's almost a stereotype with these police reports , but they are looking for what they think is a moroccan or turkish man . 
  he does have a bit of a moroccan and/or minority street youth accent and way of speaking . 
  so does the victim i think , his use of * broeder * ( brother ) for example . 
  this really the low-hanging fruit , you can obviously get richer by robbing a bank but that 's nearly impossible these days . 
  what , you do n't like looking at your own shit , nicely presented on a flat surface ? 
  i think that is a common misconception among dutch people : that the language is somehow really hard to learn . 
  it is n't . 
  i could almost say it is german without the case system , and more mumbly pronunciation . 
  swamp german . 
  and english is also a germanic language !, 
  check out / r/languagelearning , / r/learndutch , and / r/thenetherlands, 
  i do n't think the war is ongoing in crimea . 
  it is is occupied , but there is no fighting as far as i know . 
  the fighting is in the donetsk area , i think ukraine just gave up on crimea , at least for now . 
  not really any , except for sometimes thunderstorms and strong winds . 
  some people died and were injured when a festival tent collapsed because of ` fall winds ' or something , which is when suddenly a large amount of cold air falls to the ground . 
  there are also quite a few thunderstorms , especially in hot summers , and something the lightning causes damage .
