  the cda is a very mainstream , only vaguely christian party . 
  they are near the political center and just a bit conservative compared to some other parties . 
  they have been a major party for decades . 
  they were formed by merging a bunch of smaller christian parties of different denominations . 
  has a strong catholic following in addition to the different types of protestants . 
  btw , you can often guess by someone 's accent what their religion is . 
  cu ( christian union ) is for the more hardcore christians , mostly protestants , but their economic and social policy is a bit leftist . 
  as you can see , it is a fairly small party with only 5/150 seats . 
  sgp ( staatskundig geformeerde partij ) is the most conservative of them . 
  they shut down their website on sundays . 
  they only allowed women in the party in 2012 or something , and that was because they were about to lose their government funding . 
  in my town there are limited opening times for stores on sundays , and the local chapter of sgp wanted to force all stores to close on sundays . 
  these are the kind of people that do n't drive on sundays , and do n't mow their lawn on sundays . 
  the party consistantly scores around 3/150 seats because their followers have a very high turnout rate . 
  in the netherlands there used to be pillarisation . 
  every political group lived in their own bubble , you had a catholic political party , and if you voted for that you probably read a catholic newspaper , and was a member of catholic labour union , and listened to a catholic radio station . 
  same with the reformed people , the socialists , or the liberals ( in the european sense , the secular free-market people ) . 
  this pillarisation is mostly gone , people no longer vote along the traditional lines , except for parties such as sgp . 
  it 's interesting that both german and dutch make generous use of the mysterious model particle . 
  the words have meaning but even the natives do n't know what they are for . 
  but they use them anyway . 
  yup . 
  the tax rate is lower the more closely related you are , but children still have to pay tax . 
  i found the tax rates here . 
  the first column is spouse and children , the second one is grandchildren or other descendents , the third one is for unrelated people . 
  first row is up to 120k , second row is for anything over 120k : http://www.belastingdienst.nl/wps/wcm/connect/bldcontentnl/belastingdienst/prive/relatie_familie_en_gezondheid/erven/erfenis_krijgen/hoeveel_erfbelasting_moet_u_betalen/ it includes things of value such as homes , which can get people in trouble . 
  imagine a parent leaving a home as inheritence , but no money . 
  the heir has to pay tax on the value of the home . 
  and it is on the value the home had when the person died , not the actual price for which it will be sold . 
  this got some people in financial difficulties when the real estate crash happened as part of the larger financial crash . 
  i am a huge opponent of any kind of death tax btw . 
  in the netherlands it goes to the surviving spouse first . 
  but that person has to pay a hefty death tax on half of what the couple used to own . 
  of course the us is a developed country . 
  after all , they are just a bunch of displaced europeans who founded a european country in the new world . 
  i 'm not so sure it is un-european . 
  many of europe 's countries were created as nation-states . 
  the italians rose up and united the italian territories to be a state for italians . 
  the same thing happened with germany , they tried to get most of the german speakers within the same borders . 
  a few days ago there was a picture on / r/mapporn that was about the citizenship rights in different countries . 
  almost all of the new world was * jus soli * , right of soil . 
  you are a citizen if you are born in the country . 
  most of europe was * jus sanguinis * , right of blood . 
  now people can become citizens in other ways than descent , such as being a refugee or , with a more cynical perspective , if it suits the country . 
  people needed a lot of unskilled labour in the 70s because of the economic boom so they invited turks , moroccans , or people from the ( former ) overseas territories as ` guest workers ' . 
  of course most of them stayed . 
  in modern times you can likely only get it in if you have a ` nice ' citizenship already , such as other eu citizenship , or if you are a highly skilled professional . 
  in the netherlands there are many polish migrants who come here for work , enough to allow other poles to open shops that cater to poles . 
  there is a shop near my home that sells polish and other central european products . 
  there are also stores run by the turkish minority , many of whom immigrated in the 70s or 80s . 
  i do n't disagree with migration in general , but completely unrestricted migration is impossible . 
  we are a tiny country with a small population , we can not take in the whole world . 
  the standard of living is higher than in most other countries of the world . 
  there are 17 million people here on a tiny spot of land . 
  you ca n't just let in the whole world or we would be overcrowded within a few years . 
  and what of our values ? 
  if half of africa migrated here , do you think we would still have same-sex marriage or euthenasia in a few years ? 
  i know it is not the politically correct thing to say but i would like immigrants to match our values , and frankly not many people outside of europe do . 
  i 'm much more in favour of getting the poor countries to become better places to live . 
  it is a miserable shame that the international community allowed the civil war in syria to go on for 5 years now . 
  it was a somewhat prosperous country that has been completely ruined . 
  i 'm in favour of accepting syrian refugees in our country as you clearly ca n't send people back into a warzone , but it would have been better if the war was stopped . 
  and whether many people in the netherlands believe that unchecked immigration is a good idea , the answer is no . 
  even left-wing parties do n't believe that , and in the polls the largest party is specifically anti-immigration , anti-eu and anti-muslim . 
  oh , their leader also went out of his way to support trump for the upcoming us election . 
  and as for social democracy , our social democrats are lucky to get 10 % of the votes in the 2017 election . 
  they have about 25 % of the seats in the lower house today , and are the junior partner in a ruling coalition with the liberal party ( liberal in the european sense , meaning the right-wing free market guys ) . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labour_party_ ( netherlands ) the politics of the netherlands were originally heavily affected by pillarisation , the division of society in different groups . 
  there were protestants , catholics , socialists and liberals and all of them had their own political party , their own newspaper , their own radio station and so on . 
  even today this is still reflected in our publically-funded broadcaster , the npo , which is divided into sub-broadcasters with their own ideology . 
  there is a christian broadcaster , a left-wing broadcaster , and a right-wing broadcaster , all under the umbrella of the npo . 
  pedis !, 
  peanutbutter-sambal is great , they should sell that as a package , ` hot peanutbutter ' or something . 
  if a region wants to leave , why not let them ? 
  i believe in self-determination . 
  i think the falklands are a good example , they had a referendum and they overwhelmingly chose to remain with britain ( because they know they would be invaded the moment they left , but it 's still their choice ) . 
  and it is not really about minorities , at least not in the seceding region usually . 
  the kosovars were not a minority in the kosovo region as far as i know , since the region was mostly ethnic albanian/kosovarian . 
  if a region is mostly ethnically or linguistically the same i see no reason why they could not become a nation-state . 
  i think tabasco is simply the best known brand here of mexican-style hot sauce . 
  there is n't much food of that origin here , because of the colonial history there is a huge amount of asian ( indonesian , but also chinese ) style food . 
  most of the hot sauces here are varieties of sambal : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sambal most sambals here have a more fluid consistency than the one shown . 
  i ca n't think of many american products other than the well-known tech companies such as apple and google . 
  i think one of the major exports is the movie industry , and tv shows . 
  tv shows such as the big bang theory are on tv almost daily . 
  most movies are american . 
  american cars are not popular here at all . 
  many people here drive small , fuel-efficient cars because there is a huge tax on buying a car , and a huge tax on gas . 
  some of the more prestigious brands are mostly german : mercedes , bmw , audi , porsche . 
  germany has a trade surplus while the us has a trade deficit , so it makes sense in a way that people see a lot of german products outside of germany . 
  oh , we also have mcdonald 's and burger king here . 
  almost every city has one or both . 
  slightly different from the us versions as they made some changes to the menu based on local preferences . 
  there is the mckroket ( never eaten one ) , which is inspired by the local * kroket * , a bit of beef ragout that is breaded and deep-fried . 
  this is a kroket , two of them , with one split open with mustard added : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dsc_0082_broodje_kroket_chiang_mai_2009_0629.jpg it seems they sell the things anywhere a lot of dutch tourists go , because this picture was taken in asia . 
  you sometimes even see dutch brands of mayonaise abroad . 
  what they said in pulp fiction was correct : we drown our fries in mayonaise . 
  there is also a kfc not too far from where i live . 
  i think that perhaps a chain of tex-mex food could be a good addition , because that does n't really exist in the netherlands . 
  i think sometimes brands are seen as more high end and prestigious abroad than in the country of origin .
