  they are quite powerless . 
  the netherlands was also neutral during ww2 , and that did n't work out well at all . 
  things might have been different if the maginot-line had been extended all through the dutch and belgian borders as well . 
  belgium was also neutral during ww1 , did n't work out that time either . 
  i know ireland had a rough history with britain and therefore perhaps a different view of the military , as they were essentially oppressed by a foreign military , and then later the troubles , but here in the netherlands we were freed by the allies : mostly canadians and other commonwealth troops , the british , and the americans , and some volunteers from occupied european countries such as poland . 
  the nazi occupation was pretty horrible , there are a huge amount of memorials and monuments in my hometown , many of them are places were civilians were executed . 
  we only got out of that mess because of the allies , out of which the western allies later founded nato , preventing a soviet invasion . 
  it used to be a public secret that just south from were i live there are nukes we borrowed from the americans , and that can fit our f16s . 
  if you are under the protection of the us and surrounded by nato countries , why not contribute ? 
  if everyone was just freeloading there would be no point . 
  and perhaps you were not in any danger of being invaded ( and i think that danger is fairly low in modern europe ) , but the soviets were only kept at bay by a concentrated effort to protect west germany . 
  they had already dominated most of central/eastern europe , and the only reason they were stopped was the alliance . 
  `` every man for himself '' does n't work . 
  ah , so a european defense force that functions as essentially a self-defence alliance , but with countries still having their own military and foreign policy ? 
  because i still remember how europe was divided on the invasions of afghanistan and iraq , and it was every man for himself . 
  same with most foreign interventions . 
  the pvv led by geert wilders . 
  they want to get rid of the euro , and leave the eu . 
  there is something to that , but i think being in nato is a far stronger deterrent . 
  i do know that the soviets had a very bad time in finland a few generations ago  but sometimes war is n't meant for conquest . 
  i think that what is happening in eastern ukraine right now is n't because they want more clay , but just to destabalise ukraine even more and keep it a failed state . 
  would n't have happened if they had been in nato . 
  i do n't know , those countries and belgium are the ones i think are most similar culturally to me . 
  germany ( at least northern germany ) and denmark almost feel like the netherlands to me . 
  and german is even very similar to dutch , same for luxembourgish . 
  the northern bits feel so much the same : protestant background , the same extremely flat landscape , the same food , very similar political parties , same weather . 
  i really wonder what would have happened if the brexit and scottish indepence referendums were done in a different order . 
  there is probably more incentive for independence now that the brexit is looming over scotland . 
  i disagree with the nato thing though . 
  the only reason countries such as ireland and switzerland can be independent , is because they are surrounded by nato countries . 
  there needs to be some alliance to protect europe . 
  but what of nato , or a european military ? 
  some countries are in nato and others are n't . 
  `` lam '' here also means lamb , and it means limp/paralyzed , but it also means being very drunk . 
  i think there is another good reason for not locking in a kid : it 's a safety hazard . 
  what if there 's a fire and the kid ca n't get out ? 
  they will get that experience from their peers , most likely . 
  different in this case means ` better '  although i think that the other eu countries and nato would n't accept any invasion of finland , even if they are outside nato . 
  i think germany got rid of its national service . 
  i agree with this so much . 
  if people are unwilling to defend their own country , perhaps it is not worth defending . 
  why force people to do them ? 
  just put up an add if you are looking someone to collect bins or repair a road . 
  when you force people to do stuff , they 'll just be a nuisance . 
  it 's like the people on welfare that showed up at my old job because they were sent by the uwv or the municipality : they only showed up because they would lose their unemployment benefits otherwise . 
  they had zero interest in putting in any effort , and sometimes even tried to deliberately be a nuisance because it meant they would be sent home . 
  do n't force people to do something , entice them . 
  if you wave around some money , i 'm pretty sure you can find people to collect bins or maintain roads . 
  if you want to make those jobs more popular , just pay more . 
  why ? 
  the other countries in the vicinity of russia just joined nato . 
  it 's called nato . 
  but that 's not what mandatory conscription is . 
  in fact , i think that is the opposite : with conscription , you make everyone involved and somewhat dependent on the military . 
  many western democracies have professional armies and they usually do n't suffer coup d'\u00e9tats . 
  i think if you were going to count them all , it 's probably the countries with conscription that suffer coups or attempted coups , or are actual dictatorships already ( in which case you do n't need a coup to make life hell for citizens ) . 
  that worked from before they had cluster bombs , nuclear bombs , submarines , and stuff like that . 
  the average yobbo is n't going to do much against those . 
  a big war * on our own soil * . 
  if it ever comes to that , we have failed already . 
  why should we ever allow that to happen ? 
  nato is the most powerful military alliance the world has ever seen . 
  no way we 'll see conventional warfare on our own soil . 
  the world will have burned long before that . 
  what 's the use of civil service ? 
  it 's just slave labour that is competing with what could be actual , paid jobs . 
  if i was forced to spend half a year or a year doing nothing , i 'd rather just do nothing . 
  are n't chavs pretty easy to spot ? 
  a bunch of weekend soldiers are n't going to help anyway in case of a serious invasion by russia or some other powerful country . 
  just stay in nato . 
  i think most people are like blackadder , when it comes to it they are not really that eager to die for their country . 
  well , i find luxembourgish sounds very similar to german . 
  sometimes we get the news from rtl luxembourg early in the morning hours here . 
  no idea why , because pretty much nobody speaks luxembourgish in the netherlands . 
  i can sort of follow it because it sounds like a variety of german . 
  try dutch . 
  it 's vowel paradise ( or vowel hell , if you are not a native speaker ) . 
  i do n't think google translate is that useful for language learning . 
  it often comes up with strange phrases and it 's not a good tool for learning word order . 
  try translating stuff to english and you 'll notice it sometimes comes up with sentences that are unlike anything a native would say . 
  check out / r/languagelearning and / r/german , and / r/de . 
  and consume german media : books , news articles , music , movies , whatever . 
  i think the use of articles far predates the different germanic dialects , as but dutch , modern low saxon/low german , and standard german have gendered articles . 
  old english also had them as far as i know , but they lost them . 
  gender between dutch and german is also generally similar , in that the same words have the same gender . 
  english does n't really have gendered nouns anymore . 
  there are a few cases of people referring to ships as feminine , but that is probably a fairly modern invention because many ships had feminine names . 
  in other germanic languages , ships are generally neuter . 
  the spelling wrecks foreign learners . 
  english also has irregular plurals , and irregular verbs . 
  the difference between formal and informal pronouns is still difficult for native speakers . 
  but the letters serve different functions . 
  a language is not defined by its writings , a language is what is spoken . 
  our alphabet has just 26 letters , but it is spoken in a variety of ways . 
  the pronunciation varies a lot , short vowels can become long vowels just by their placement between consonants . 
  but our alphabet is just 26 letters . 
  many vowels are represented by just the latin alpabet . 
  i 'm not sure how many vowels we have , but with the short/long vowels and diphtongs i think we have well over 20 . 
  there are some regional differences as well . 
  the frisians in the north and the limburgians in the south pronounce pretty much everything in another way .
