  imprisonment is also a bad idea , who knows who the government is going to imprison next ? 
  i feel that joining isis is treason . 
  they join the enemy that our military is fighting . 
  next to all the awful things they do to the locals . 
  i doubt there was someone following him 24/7 . 
  he probably did n't walk out in the open with the ak , but in the trunk of a car or a bag or something . 
  he could even have disassembled the thing and put it back together later . 
  is n't chocolate nice to have when you 're traveling ? 
  lots of calories in a small package . 
  keeps longer than some other foods . 
  uh , genocide of the natives ? 
  i do n't think countries like finland or iceland have had a genocide in the last few centuries . 
  wow , only 5 million in the us even before that . 
  i knew it was sparsely populated but this is a tiny population . 
  it 's a miracle the europeans even met them . 
  ca n't buy that in sweden ? 
  wow , they are even crazier about alcohol than i thought . 
  a cheap 30cl bottle could be as low as 30 cents or something . 
  well , sometimes there are signs that say `` maximum of 6 crates per person '' . 
  and it 's not even that cheap , there is an alcohol tax . 
  i 'm sure some supermarket chains are selling beer at a loss they make up on other products these people buy . 
  the cheapest crates you can buy are around 7 euro , no way they can even recover the cost on that . 
  communist but anti-ussr ? 
  they ca n't really stop it , they have to let eu citizens in . 
  the guy was still a citizen of the uk . 
  when another country assasinates one of your citizens on your own territory , that 's pretty awful . 
  yes !, 
  i never understood why pretty much nothing was done about it . 
  what happened there is just completely unacceptable . 
  what is written on that bomb ? 
  so people should just throw their crap on the ground somewhere ? 
  i looked it up on wikipedia and it seems like it 's just a treay between the latin american states , not the us . 
  ally with the country on the defense . 
  and why would the us even be allied with argentina ? 
  it was a fascist dictatorship at the time . 
  even today they are stirring up hate against the uk , look what happened to the top gear crew . 
  their government are a bunch of crazy people who bring up the `` malvinas '' `` occupation '' every other week . 
  they have no idea how ridiculous they look . 
  but people are always on strike . 
  what the farmers are doing now is just crazy , and no one does anything about it . 
  maybe the union rate is low but the amount of strike days in france is straggering . 
  it do n't have the data here but it 's over 10 times what it is in many other euro countries . 
  france just has a history of protesting everything . 
  of course , it 's run by a socialist president and the unions , do n't expect it to go well . 
  well , the us will be furious for a while then because next year this same shit will come up . 
  greece will need money , no one wants to pay , the politicians have a vote , and we 'll see what happens . 
  it 's a miracle the deal even went ahead . 
  if the us wants greece not to beg money from the russians , why do n't they pay for it ? 
  germany has absolutely zero obligation to hand money to greece . 
  also , this deal is shit . 
  it wo n't help greece , it will just prevent their collapse for a short while . 
  then the whole debate will start again and it will only get worse next time . 
  this week the entire lower house of the netherlands was recalled from holidays to vote against sending money to greece . 
  ultimately they voted for it , but the main ruling party and one of the main opposition parties are against it ( it is their election platform ) . 
  the explanation we got the governing coalition voted for it was `` we did n't want to be the only one to vote against it '' . 
  i 'm not hopeful for next time . 
  people know the greeks had talks with the russians , and they got some money for some energy project or something . 
  if it will help them financially , that 's a good thing . 
  but that probably wo n't happen because greece would have to leave nato to allow for russian military bases . 
  i hear people complain all the time about the fact that central , eastern and southern european nations are part of the eu . 
  i do n't think the general population cares what happens there , european unity does not really exist . 
  there may be some regional skirmishes but an actual war with russia seems pretty unlikely . 
  i think the average european is much more concerned with the refugee thing that is going on . 
  then they should raise the minimum wage or government benefits . 
  making these people dependent on charity is horrible . 
  it was on the news here once but we never really heard from it again . 
  i do n't think most people in the netherlands care or know about it , macedonia ( fyrom ) is n't even in the eu or nato . 
  to be honest , i think most people would be glad if greece left . 
  we hear on the news all day long how it 's a money sink . 
  no one would care if they went to the russians for money . 
  that 's just misallocation of resources . 
  we can easily produce enough food for everyone , it 's just that some regions are poorly managed . 
  better solve the issue of poverty . 
  france is not a third world country , i 'm sure they could come up with something to make sure homeless people get government assistance so they do n't need to beg for food . 
  why not make sure there are no more poor and homeless people ? 
  it 's a disgrace that in developed countries there are still homeless people . 
  just giving them food is n't really helping them . 
  but that would never happen unless greece also left nato . 
  many european countries are very dependent on russian gas and oil so they do n't want any conflict with russia . 
  most countries also do n't have rebel groups . 
  they could bring in missile launchers and in most countries nothing would happen . 
  i still think the greek crisis should be resolved with much more effort than is put in today , but not for security reasons . 
  eh , why would they want to depend on other countries for defence ? 
  they are an island , they just need to make sure no one invades . 
  what would make a conventional military better than the trident system ? 
  it 's not like the foreign interventions by the uk have worked out . 
  iraq , libya , they all achieved nothing . 
  the british just need to be able to push the button in case russia invades ( which they wo n't ) . 
  it 's stupid to let your allies be attacked and not help them just because of a technicality ( that the falklands were n't officially part of nato ) . 
  there should have been a clear message that allies will stand together . 
  hussite !, 
   yeah , it would work , but the average european citizen is quite skeptical in some countries . 
  doing that wo n't get the national politicians elected . 
  they get elected on promises to stand up against the eu , to not send money to greece and so on . 
  yes , they should join . 
  so should switzerland , they can only be neutral because they are surrounded by nato countries . 
  well , my hypothetical scenario would have the falklands as part of nato , so there 's that . 
  if the falklands had been part of nato no one would have attacked them . 
  anyway , attacking a close ally would be enough in my opinion . 
  even if the falklands were n't formally in nato , british people were attacked .
