  in the netherlands a coronation is not required . 
  the king is n't even crowned , he is inaugurated , with the crown and other regalia being in front of him but not actually used . 
  the constitution does not have any stipulations for a period without a monarch , so the moment the old monarch is gone the heir automatically assumes the position . 
  our current king became king the moment his mother abdicated , which was before he was inaugurated . 
  i do n't think that is the case . 
  there is no room in the constitution for a period without a monarch , so if the monarch abdicated ( or got killed ) the heir would automatically assume the position , as it is impossible for there to not be a head of state . 
  now likely the murderous monarch would in some way be forced to abdicate , but not instantly . 
  it actually works in reverse as well : many russians are seriously afraid that nato will invade them . 
  i think one problem here is that people will usually speak in the language both know best , so unless your dutch is better than the english of the locals you wo n't really use it . 
  and for dutch , it takes a while to get the vowel sounds right as many of them do not exist in english . 
  almost everyone here will speak at least basic english . 
  many of the simply phrases are fairly similar between dutch and english . 
  i 'm thinking of examples but ca n't really come up with useful phrases . 
  ( do you speak english ? ), 
  but that question obviously works just as well in english , you 'll know the answer from their reaction . 
  there is also a similar sub about europe . 
  strange career choice , drug dealers are usually good with measurements . 
  the overwhelming majority of argentians are not native americans but of european descent . 
  so how is that different from the falklands , who consider themselves british ? 
  do the anglo-saxons need to abandon britain and give it back to the welsh or whatever ? 
  many areas of germany such as nordrein-westfahlen have about the same population density of the netherlands if i recally correctly . 
  perhaps it has more to do with the type of building people live in ? 
  house versus appartment building . 
  or maybe dutch people are just lazier and do n't like to walk their dog all the time . 
  now i 'm really curious what country that might be . 
  i consider the european countries western ( including eastern europe ) , and any of their former colonies where a significant part of people of european descent live , or when they are culturally european . 
  my definition is a bit vague though , and may not work for all countries . 
  examples : japan is not western , but new zealand is . 
  here they start showing d\u00fcsseldorf on the road signs fairly early . 
  i think it 's the foreign city i 've seen most on road signs . 
  there are also no cities in the eastern part of the netherlands that are as huge as d\u00fcsseldorf , so for many people it may be the largest city nearby . 
  and dutch people may also come to germany for cheaper booze and cigarettes , and fireworks that are illegal in the netherlands . 
  would n't he get recuced cost since he has eu citizenship ? 
  i think that was an exagerration . 
  i see lots of animals and i live in a city of about 150k . 
  in my fathers garden there are squirrels , ducks , pidgeons , lots of different birds of the crow family , frogs and toads , ferrets , bunnies , hedgehogs . 
  in the forest nearby there are deer , sheep , wild cows and wild boars . 
  there are hedgehogs in the netherlands as well , fairly common . 
  they seem to be completely fearless . 
  i saw one walk right past me , then walk right past our cat who ignored it ( anything else that size would have been mauled to bits ) , and try to find a way into our garbage container . 
  i 've also seen them steal cat food , while the cat was looking but did n't do anything about it . 
  other interesting species not native to north america are jackdaws , rooks and magpies . 
  these corvids are really intelligent ( and bold ) and are probably my favourite birds . 
  they work together in groups and i 've seen them fiddling with side-view mirrors of cars . 
  i 've seen a cat catch a mouse , but then a bunch of magpies came along and chased the cat away , and stole the dead mouse . 
  most dutch people probably coud n't point out ukraine on a map before the crisis over there started . 
  it 's just that this referendum law will be used to shit on the eu , this treaty with ukraine was just the first thing that came up . 
  the problem is that the general population is much more euroskeptic than the politicians . 
  to vote euroskeptic you would have to either vote for former commies , or for the far right . 
  i think for many people it was n't about ukraine at all . 
  they just wanted to give the finger to the eu and the current government . 
  the eu is somewhat unpopular , our current government is hugely unpopular . 
  if they support the treaty , people will vote no just to spite them . 
  the no-people also had a much better campaign , we barely heard about the yes-people . 
  but they are already signatory to it . 
  there was a debate yesterday where they chose to not withdraw from the treaty , but try to negotiate some changes . 
  what those changes will be , no one knows . 
  it will also probably not take place for months because they do n't want it to interfere with the brexit referendum . 
  i look at it this way : if two people are in a small room and the weapon they have is a grenade , they will not use it , because it will kill them too . 
  there were huge amounts of nuclear weapons but they have never been used against another nuclear power . 
  ukraine handed over their nukes to russia , look how well that turned out . 
  i feel nukes are good weapons exactly because there is a clear disincentive to use them . 
  yet landmines and rifles kill lots of people . 
  but the idea is that war between two nuclear powers is very unlikely , because it would destroy both countries . 
  and it has worked so far . 
  i do n't think it 's broadcast in the netherlands . 
  i have never heard of the show . 
  the other ways are either citizenship , or a work visa . 
  since companies need to pay money and do a lot of paperwork for a work visa for a foreigner , they will prefer a local over you unless you have a special skill or education that is in demand here . 
  do you have any european ancestry ? 
  if you could get citizenship of any of the eu countries you can work in pretty much all of them . 
  definitely ask in / r/itwantout , as that whole sub is pretty much about what you are trying to do . 
  for the netherlands there is the daft treaty that allows us citizens to live in the netherlands if they can support themselves as freelancers . 
  does n't even need to be from clients in the netherlands as far as i know , as long as can support yourself and do n't cost the government any money . 
  you might want to ask in / r/thenetherlands instead of just / r/amsterdam , as the country is fairly small there are other interesting cities and places nearby . 
  one fairly unique thing that you can do in the north of the netherlands and in not many other places in the world is mudflat hiking . 
  during low tide some bits of the waddenzee are drained , so you are basically walking on the bottom of the sea . 
  do n't do this without a guide as the tides in the north sea are very strong and you do n't want to be flushed away by the rising tide . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mudflat_hiking another interesting city is leiden , which is very close to amsterdam to the southwest . 
  it has the canals and buildings from the dutch golden age similar to amsterdam , and it has three interesting museums . 
  this one is about history , it has a lot about the ancient world . 
  there is even a complete egyptian-roman temple that was moved to the museum , the temple of taffeh : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijksmuseum_van_oudheden a museum about biology , it even has a mammoth : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/naturalis_biodiversity_center and there is a museum of ethnology with many artifacts from all over the world : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/national_museum_of_ethnology_ ( netherlands ) and when you are in the netherlands you should eat rijsttafel , which is a collection of indonesian foods : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel, 
  ah , yes . 
  but otherwise you wo n't really see any . 
  i 've been across the border with belgium and germany many times and no one stopped me . 
  this is the border . 
  you could enter belgium by falling off your chair : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:baarle-nassau_fronti%c3%a8re_caf%c3%a9.jpg, 
  we have border guards ? 
  instead of walkable i 'd say my town is bicycle-able . 
  with a bicycle you can get much more distance in and you can carry more groceries . 
  i 'm not sure what 's so great about those french markets . 
  there are markets like that here as well and they are loud , stinky places . 
  the peddlers are shouting to sell their wares and everything is covered by the smell of the fishmonger . 
  and of course there will be old people there , they are only open during working hours when , well , young people are at work . 
  the supermarkets are open longer so it 's no surprise young people shop there . 
  one thing that made me creep out a bit in france was that they had living sea food . 
  i prefer that the food i browse is dead , i do n't want to stumble upon a huge pile of crabs crawling over each other . 
  i think it 's more that people find it ridiculous that the person who should be representing them is appealing to fictional entities . 
  you do n't see american politicians say ` may spiderman bless america ! ' . 
  i wonder why ...
