  they are not part of social changes in their homecountry so they remain more conservative . 
  a while ago there was a news report about people of dutch descent in the us , regarding the election over there . 
  many of them were ultra-conservative and wanted to vote for the most hardline religious candidate , while in the netherlands religion is pretty much gone . 
  i remember a dutch person seeing a video from istanbul and being completely surprised . 
  his image of turkey came from the local turks , who dressed in a conservative manner . 
  he was not expecting a modern city at all . 
  nothing , it 's a myth . 
  it has basically abandoned most grammatical cases unlike german , and it only has two genders ( in daily use ) . 
  it has a fairly large number of vowels though , and there is quite a bit of diffence between the accents and dialects . 
  the writing is actually fairly phonetic compared to languages such as english or french . 
  you just need to learn the rules . 
  and dutch has a lot of vowels that other languages do n't differentiate between . 
  i often see people completely mess up pronunciation because they do n't differentiate between the vowels . 
  do n't focus on the guttural phlegm stuff , focus on vowels . 
  btw , i do n't think romanian is that easy either . 
  it sounds like latin with a more difficult pronunciation . 
  and you do n't expect barbarians like us to learn latin , do you ? 
  oh , i remember this ` gem ' is based on the romanian-language hit dragosta tin tae ( i do n't know how to spell it ) , that was a summer hit here in the netherlands a bunch of years ago . 
  this is a parody on it , and it just happens to have a lot of guttural gggrrrghhh in it ( somewhat nsfw if you live in saudi arabia ) : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qgompdtd2a4, 
  i do n't think dutch is that much harder than english . 
  yes , there are a few more vowels you have to learn and it has two genders instead of one , but otherwise the languages are not that different in difficulty . 
  it 's just that so many more people already know english . 
  english is just ` easier ' because of world-wide exposure . 
  many people could name an american/british movie or tv show , not so much for dutch . 
  kurdish is an indo-european language related to dutch , if you go deep enough into history . 
  it 's from an extremely distant branch but i feel that arab/berber/turkish would be further apart . 
  not sure if language learning between such distant branches is any easier than coming into it from a completely different branch , but it might be . 
  i noticed some of the commaners of the kurdish forces in syria and iraq spoke german , but that is probably because some of them had been in exile there , or just because they have a large kurdish community . 
  it was quite strange to notice this kurdish officier speak , and i was reading the subtitles , and suddenly i noticed i did n't really need them because he spoke german . 
  but the dutch are also the indigenous population in this case . 
  the dutch from suriname is n't considered a creole as far as i know . 
  it 's just an accent , completely understandable by dutch people . 
  it is very close to standard dutch , much closer than many of the dialects in the netherlands or flanders . 
  they also have their own languages such as sranan tonga , which is a creole i think , but not with a lot of dutch in it . 
  would n't these cases come mostly naturally without having to learn them ? 
  it 's perfectly possible to speak a language with fairly decent grammar without knowing the rules of grammar by name . 
  but it is the same way that the anti-islam party pvv has banded their anti-islam views . 
  they say they have nothing against muslims , but they are against islam . 
  if clovis and the franks/germans could revive the empire , then surely the romanians could do it !, 
  it starts to look worse after a few years when everyone paints it in another colour . 
  it 's usually the somewhat more expensive houses that look different , the low-cost housing often looks similar . 
  in the streets behind me some of the homes only look different because of their gardens , or because someone renovated or expanded part of it . 
  i think it 's more a matter of money rather than space . 
  the netherlands is densely populated but when you travel through the country by train you will see huge empty fields with just cows or sheep between the cities , and a house here or there . 
  there is a subsidy on mortgages in the netherlands . 
  perhaps you could ressurrect the roman empire ? 
  they were pretty successful . 
  well , many of the wealthier countries need workers too . 
  i know some companies that rely on people from central/eastern europe to get stuff done because the locals do n't want the jobs . 
  but the us army operates as a single entity with one foreign policy , the eu has 28 different foreign policies . 
  but we kicked them out . 
  romans go home !, 
  some words in closely related languages just sound funny . 
  do n't forget the overseas territories in the caribbean . 
  when you take those into account it 's not really a small area anymore . 
  that does n't really help a lot . 
  politicians are generally more pro-eu than the general population . 
  in the netherlands , the only euroskeptical parties are on the far right and on the far left . 
  i know quite a few people who are vaguely anti-eu but certainly unwilling to vote for the far right or far left . 
  the pm of the netherlands is mark rutte . 
  as the netherlands is currently leading the presidency of the council of the european union or whatever it is called , he is probably an important person . 
  but i do n't keep track of all the leaders of all the eu countries either , i just know this one because it 's my pm . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/presidency_of_the_council_of_the_european_union https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mark_rutte i also knew of guy verhofstadt because he was once the pm of belgium if i recall correctly , and he is the leader of the liberal party faction of the eu . 
  he was also on maidan square in ukraine shouting pro-eu things just before everything went to shit over there . 
  is n't it the opposite ? 
  the people of iceland are pretty much clustered together as far as i know , with a huge amount of them living in the capital . 
  that 's exactly what happened to me . 
  i was born in the netherlands , and suddenly i live in the eu !, 
  i think that the more authorities try to push their pov on the people , the more people will resist it . 
  it will be seen as patronising . 
  i think it was the same with both referendums in the netherlands . 
  people did not like the narrative from the government . 
  for some reason the campaigns from the government seem to backfire much more than campaigns from the no camp . 
  sure , but what i 'm saying is that they will have a pretty rubbish childhood if we were to withdraw all debt from the economies . 
  the whole thing would fall apart . 
  but surely these people must see that religion is destroying their region ? 
  and yet the response is to become even more religious . 
  if there is another place where secular democracies are going well , why not copy whatever it is they are doing ? 
  they do n't even need to invent it , they can just copy it . 
  well , we do need the money now . 
  we ca n't eat good intentions . 
  we could pay off the dutch national debt and remove 400 billion from the economy . 
  we will have to eat carrion and bark but at least our children wo n't need to pay it back . 
  france had to go nuclear because they had very few resources . 
  of course today we would prefer things such as wind power or solar power , but power plants are investments that take over a generation to break even . 
  frankish !, 
  we should restore the empire and teach the french to speak frankish or franconian again . 
  what is so bad about handing some problems down to the next generation ? 
  public debt is also one of those things , we need money now so we move the problem on to the next generation . 
  we do n't really have much choice anyway . 
  what about france ? 
  they havea huge amount of nuclear power . 
  it 's just the german population 's attitude against anything nuclear that causes this . 
  what i do n't get is where the secular opposition is ? 
  we know that religion is very detrimental to the region but every rebel group or political party seems to be `` the islamic resistance of whatever '' . 
  it is almost like the life of brian . 
  haha !, 
  sounds a bit like some of the muslims from the balkans , for them the religion is more a tradition than a way of life so they drink . 
  i hope they managed to roll her back into the ocean . 
  perhaps there is also a difference in drinking ?
