  putting a deposit into a shopping cart is standard as well , it 's so people return the cart instead of leaving it somewhere on the parking lot . 
  putting the coin in the cart does n't mean it 's yours : taking it home is still considered stealing , as the cart is worth more than the 50 cents you put into it . 
  just something that came to mind , there generally are n't lobsters in dutch supermarkets , but you can get horsemeat . 
  perhaps just a cultural difference . 
  complaining is more important than w\u00f6rk , perhaps that explains the independence of both austria and the netherlands . 
  we have the weather to complain about , it 's our favourite topic . 
  yes !, 
  i looked up marken on wikipedia , pretty weird place . 
  a peninsula that was n't supposed to remain a peninsula . 
  your links do n't seem to work . 
  that 's because you went too far and took other lands too , because once the germans start w\u00f6rking they can not stop . 
  for some reason that last phrase reminded me of what jack sparrow said in one of the pirates movies , when barbosa talks about how the world is getting smaller : `` the world is n't getting smaller ... there 's just less in it . '', 
  and it 's a bit iffy what is and what is n't a successor of the roman empire . 
  the eastern roman empire ? 
  the frankish empire ? 
  the holy roman empire ? 
  the vacitan ? 
  moscow as a third rome ? 
  romania ? 
  oh well , let 's indulge them all and call them all roman , 
  there are plenty of larger countries involved in tax evasion as well , such as ireland and the netherlands . 
  the double irish-dutch sandwich or something . 
  and good marketing on the part of mcdonald 's as well . 
  the kroket with bread was already popular , they just changed the shape of the kroket from a sausage shape to a burger shape , to fit the bun . 
  and their special sauce is essentially a type of mayonnaise with herbs such as dill . 
  people here generally do n't eat ketchup with their fries and mayonnaise is the default , so mcdonald 's made their own sauce to be slightly different from the locals , but still cater to local taste . 
  these days the sauce is also for sale in grocery stores and it 's known as `` american fritesaus '' , but the only thing american about it is its association with mcd . 
  but she speaks afrikaans , which sounds so cute she can identify as whatever she wants . 
  and the uk used to have the most viewed factual tv show ... in the woooorld : top gear . 
  i can smell the petrol from across the channel . 
  yes , i do n't know anyone who does a lot of regular track racing , but i know quite a few people in motorcross , and some people who do autocross in their messed up wrecks of cars . 
  my point is that a letter is often pronounced differently depending on the place in the word . 
  it says something about the writing system , not the spoken language . 
  in your example , `` vergeven '' and `` vergelden '' , de middle syllable is pronounced differently . 
  in ( netherlandish ) dutch the first one is a diphtong ( as in ` hey ' ) , while in `` vergelden '' it is a ' \u00e8 ' . 
  the one in `` vergeven '' is pronounced the same as the english word `` hay '' , which does n't have an `` e '' in it in writing . 
  there are a lot of similar verbs though , that 's true i guess . 
  i perhaps did n't really notice as a native speaker . 
  * those last one is sort of the opposite of your example . 
  this is ` voeren ' with a prefix indicating where or where to ( last one was n't serious , it 's different as it means `` extra feeding '' ) . 
  your example is the opposite : you have all kind of verb roots , and stick `` ver - '' in front of it , a prefix indicating some ongoing action or process . 
  `` grijs '' meaning grey , and `` vergrijzen '' is ` the process of becoming grey ' ( older ) . 
  stress is on the second syllable as it has a prefix , so the ` word ' starts at the second syllable . 
  also something that occurs a lot in dutch is the '' - en '' ending , both for plurals and verbs . 
  and the `` ge - '' prefix in verbs . 
  so yeah , in writing there is a lot of `` e '' . 
  but '' - en '' ending is usually a schwa , so ` mumbled ' . 
  what i usually notice with non-native speakers is that they muck up both the vowels and the stress , so that i ca n't notice where their words begin and end . 
  it 's not a problem if someone uses the wrong gender , or misconjugates a verb , but vowels and stress are really important . 
  i think the vowels are also one of those things that make it harder to understand some regional accents and dialects in dutch , as they vary a lot by region . 
  i find it almost impossible to understand some accents . 
  the problem is that it 's not always easy to deport people with bogus asylum claims . 
  it 's been in the news a lot here how there are lots of ` asylum seekers ' from morocco and algeria in the netherlands , because when they get rejected ( as they will be ) they will get some money on condition they fuck off . 
  they are putting a stop to it because it just attracts more fake asylum seekers . 
  a bunch of them were also committing crimes , they had nothing to lose anyway . 
  it 's a problem because some countries do n't accept their own people back , so they just remain in limbo forever . 
  i think it is more the large amount of media that is produced in for example english , than that the language itself is n't useful . 
  there are simply more books , tv shows and movies in english than in dutch . 
  even though dutch is spoken outside of the netherlands : belgium , suriname , and afrikaans is similar enough to be understood without a lot of trouble , and that is spoken in south africa and namibia . 
  and german and some of the dialects are at least somewhat similar . 
  dutch is so easy to learn , i do n't even remember it . 
  and what letters are more frequent says more about the writing system than about the language itself . 
  and it 's only two genders in practice , so not awfully hard . 
  i also feel like what / u/ruhiyakathy says , that it is very hard to hear where one word ends and another begins in french . 
  in many germanic languages , the stress is always on the first syllable ( unless there is a prefix , ver - / ge - ) , and the last syllable is usually ` shortened ' or ` mumbled ' ( there is probably a linguistic term for it ) . 
  i feel that french often has few stressed syllables , which to me makes it sound like just a single stream of sounds . 
  dutch is very mumbly because of the fairly large amount of weird vowels and diphtongs , and the ` low ' pronunciation of final syllables , but it does have a lot of stress . 
  in the netherlands there is also another variety . 
  elephant beats human , human beats ant , ant beats elephant ( by making it sneeze ? 
  in the netherlands smoked sausages are common ( as are other types of sausages , such as baked/fried sausages ) , and they are often eaten with sauerkraut , sometimes together with sauerkraut in a bun . 
  so now some people have invented the * pizza zuurkool rookworst * pizza sauerkraut & smoked sausage . 
  it 's more of a gimmick though , not a very common pizza . 
  we have these frozen pizza 's in the netherlands , pizza pollo : http://oetker-cdn-prod.azureedge.net/image/279466/0x0/0/ristorante-pizza-pollo-pizza-und-snacks.png the meat are bits of chicken , and there is spinach , and the cheese-bits are cream cheese with herbs/garlic . 
  my guess is that he 'll get quite a bunch of seats , maybe become first or second largest party , but that others will refuse to form a coalition with him . 
  his party still has influence through voting for/against motions or introducing their own , and taking part in debates , but i do n't think he 'll be part of any government coalition any time soon . 
  the only ones in the past willing to work with him were vvd and cda , and they both blamed wilders for blowing up the coalition ( not sure if that is justified , but it 's their perception ) . 
  so even if he ` wins ' and get 35/150 seats ( more than double the last result ) , it 's not going to help him get into the government as that requires 76 seats . 
  but when speakers of dialect speak the standard version of the language , they usually still have an accent . 
  in the netherlands , limburgish and twents are regional languages or dialects , but you can still hear those people have an accent when they speak standard dutch . 
  there are also regional accents . 
  example : someone with a new york accent is not speaking another dialect than for example president obama , he just pronounces things slightly differently . 
  there is n't really a formal definition of where accent / dialect / ` different language ' begin or end anyway , so it 's a useless discussion . 
  it seems they are determined to pronounce every sound differently , just because . 
  but there is also the fact that many of the indonesians in the netherlands came from minorities in indonesia , so they are often ` seperated ' by religion . 
  most indonesians in indonesia are muslim , but most of the moluccans in the netherlands are protestants , and there are also a bunch of balinese ( mostly hindu ) or ethnic chinese indonesians . 
  then there are surinamese people of indonesian descent as well . 
  w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk, 
  i do n't think most european countries are known for healthy food either , my gut feeling says a large part is portion size . 
  the local macdonald 's for example has tiny portion sizes compared to what i 've seen of the us macdonald 's . 
  i read about that walmart misadventure in germany and wondered how people could be so stupid . 
  why not get some german management in to change the walmart concept to fit the american market ? 
  i think macdonald 's did it pretty well in the netherlands by having some modifications to the menu . 
  people here eat mayonnaise on their fries and not ketchup , but to still be somewhat different from the local dutch chip shops they came up with mayonnaise with herbs ( dille and some others ) , which became known as ` american fritesaus ' ( it 's not american at all ) . 
  they also invented the mackroket , a hamburger-shaped version of local food . 
  so they are still seen as an american brand , but with adaptations to make it popular with the locals . 
  says the finn . 
  it is not an accent caused by having another native language , but there is a clear difference between people from the netherlands and people from belgium . 
  so yes , to me a flemish accent is foreign . 
  perhaps you are still dreaming . 
  i think it largely depends on the accent of the dutch person : people from the south already sound belgian to me ( soft g instead of guttural one , among other things ) .
