  but why ca n't they have their own independent country ? 
  the french have their own country , the dutch have their own country , why ca n't the kurds have their own country ? 
  what is the `` middle ground '' with the falklands ? 
  i did n't see any middle ground when the fascists invaded in 1982 . 
  it 's pretty clear the future of the `` malvinas '' is either british or argentinian with nothing in between . 
  this so much . 
  it is not ethical to let them fend for themselves when you know there is an irredentist state on their doorstep that has already invaded them in 1982 . 
  here it 's usually butter or fake butter . 
  perhaps the difference is a culture of binge drinking ? 
  and the stronger alcohol like jenever ( which is like gin ) and varieties thereof . 
  they are the lucky ones , they speak the language natively . 
  everyone else has to actually learn the grammar . 
  i ca n't even explain dutch grammar to other people because i speak it intuitively . 
  if you live shorter but more efficiently you can get more things done !, 
  if you work efficiently you have more spare time , so in effect you will have more time-of-life to spend on your hobbies even if you live shorter . 
  spain is really high in life expectancy . 
  why is glorious northern europe lagging behind ? 
  it is our diet of beer and fried sausages ? 
  nah , they just send them on their way to sweden . 
  they preserved the norse mythology that also happened to inspire tolkien to write some of the most read books in the world . 
  this was your finest hour . 
  i think their language sounds quite nice . 
  i do n't think the grammar is much harder than that of german . 
  i 'm dutch and i 'm drinking tea . 
  it brings back memories of the glory days of the dutch east india company !, 
  efficiency is more important . 
  when in doubt , always go for efficiency . 
  be as german as you can be . 
  the netherlands is much more densely populated and is a food exporter . 
  it 's not really about land , current resistance to immigration is much more about culture and religion than anything else . 
  there are also some hindus , christians and some people with indigenous religions . 
  the language is pretty much the same as malaysian so by learning malay/indonesian you can speak to well over 200 million people . 
  it is also a fairly easy language to learn with regular grammar and phonetic spelling . 
  the biggest influence here is probably the food . 
  there is indonesian-style food everywhere . 
  is n't gdansk of slavic origin ? 
  baghdad is considered safe so they do n't need to bother , they 'll be rejected anyway . 
  it 's the dacia sandero !, 
  but we are little germany . 
  we only got out because our land was inherited by the spanish habsburgs and left the hre . 
  half the country speaks in a dialect that sounds like german to me . 
  i agree with you about the quality . 
  some of my family work in the food industry and the supermarkets only care about cheaper , cheaper , cheaper . 
  replace butter with some cheap substitute , the end product will be shit but it 's cheaper !, 
  and there are many indonesians in the netherlands because indonesia was a dutch colony , the official number is 2.4 % i think . 
  there are also many ethnic dutch who were born in indonesia during colonial times or people descended from them , and there are also the indo people ( mixed european and indonesian ) . 
  there are even ethnic chinese indonesians . 
  when people say `` indisch '' they mean indonesia , not india . 
  i know a lot of people with connections to indonesia , it is a large part of our heritage especially for food . 
  earlier i saw a documentary on the ottoman empire , and one of the scholars remarked that the dutch queen had more muslim subjects than the ottoman caliph . 
  mainly because of indonesia . 
  the population difference between the home country and the colonies was ridiculous . 
  i think coconut milk is fairly cheap because it is used a lot in indonesian cooking . 
  same with vla , it is probably cheaper because it is sold in large quantities . 
  i heard from some of the visiting germans that they found food really cheap here , but that was a few years ago . 
  one of them was a very stingy person who would spend ages on finding the cheapest stuff . 
  there are large differences in prices though , depending on which supermarket you go to and what they have on sale . 
  hard to beat the two-for-the-price-of-one stuff . 
  rent is ridiculously expensive in some cities , groningen is n't even the worst . 
  utrecht and amsterdam have ridiculous rents . 
  i do n't know a lot about fireworks , just that they are allowed to sell more types of firework in germany than in the netherlands . 
  ah , that one too !, 
  i get the feeling though that the minority languages in france are pretty much disappearing in favour of french . 
  and dutch people go to germany for cheaper booze , cigarettes and petrol . 
  and they buy illegal fireworks , oooh the fireworks . 
  during winter i feel like i live in a warzone . 
  and yes , you hear quite a bit of german in the pot stores near the border . 
  who is the other germanic power ? 
  britain ? 
  i think these days it is more about the difficult history of christendom and its rejection than christianity itself . 
  but you are right that islam is probably the main reason why turkey is not considered `` european '' . 
  the christian countries of the caucasus are often considered `` european '' like georgia or armenia . 
  that 's true . 
  l\u00fcbeck sounds german enough to me . 
  i looked up frankfurt and that is a name of germanic origin ( frank 's ford ) . 
  it had a latin name before that but they renamed it , rather than just change the spelling like k\u00f6ln / colonia . 
  it helps that we are basically little germany . 
  i always saw the netherlands , germany , belgium and denmark as countries that were similar enough that i would n't have a hard time adapting . 
  i dno ' t speak danish but when i was there everything just felt so familiar . 
  there is a small region in the north near calais and dunkirk ( a dutch name btw , duinkerken ) that borders flanders where they speak dutch , but it 's a small minority today . 
  i could n't understand their dialect at all . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/west_flemish https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_language the last one has a few maps . 
  german detected . 
  that is true for fritesaus as well . 
  fritesaus is mayonaisse but they found a way to replace the oil with water so it became cheaper . 
  so fritesaus is just mayonaisse but cheaper . 
  ah , the glorious dutch cuisine . 
  norway : no weed , expensive beer , expensive everything . 
  put mayonaise on your fries . 
  eat indonesian food . 
  go to germany to buy beer and illegal fireworks . 
  always support germany no matter what they do ( unless they invade ) . 
  hate on brussels and everything south of brussels . 
  and affordable beer and food . 
  and you do n't need to learn another language . 
  there are many names that are slavic in origin but are pronounced in a german way . 
  gdansk vs danzig ( ok , not in germany anymore ) . 
  the city of l\u00fcbeck was originally founded by slavs and was called luibice . 
  many of the german cities have origins with the slavs , celts or romans . 
  k\u00f6ln was once colonia something .
