  there are many dialects and regional languages . 
  here is a map , note how the regional languages/dialects do n't really care about borders : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:continental_west_germanic_languages.png then there are related dialects/languages spoken outside of europe , such as the pennsylvania dutch which is a german dialect . 
  and of course afrikaans , which is more or less mutually intelligible with dutch and has simplified grammar . 
  afrikaans is less distant from standard dutch than some of the regional languages in the netherlands itself . 
  and dutch is also spoken in suriname . 
  here is an interesting thread about the regional dialects/languages : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4d216v/guten_tag_deutsch_freunde_im_curious_about_your/ oh , there is also / r/languagelearning , which has a lot of usefull links in the sidebar , and also links to subs for specific languages . 
  spain 's position on self-determination has always been quite nasty . 
  you 'd expect a country that only got rid of its dictator a few decades ago would be more understanding . 
  and it 's interesting that the leaders of the snp seem to be named after fish . 
  ah , perhaps afraid of their own seperatist regions . 
  spain is always particularly idiotic about this . 
  you may have already seen it , but that meiden van halal thing was in part inspired because of this , the speech from hans at the theo van gogh memorial : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=psn7r5by4zo hilarious speech . 
  what members are against scotland joining ? 
  ah , your browser does n't have support for furthark then , that will become a problem if you want to communicate with medieval people . 
  it 's the first bit of the line in the middle here , the short twig futhark apparently used in sweden and norway : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:yngre_futharken.svg, 
  it looks like he just wrote * futhark * in the younger futhark runes . 
  futhark was the script used for germanic languages before the latin script . 
  the name comes from the first few letters in the runic alphabet . 
  think of it this way : if you speak a language with a non-native accent , people will know you speak a second language !, 
  it 's not something to be ashamed of . 
  i think one of the main money-makers for that company is to try out their format in the netherlands , and then sell it to the us or britain and then the rest of the world . 
  we even get fed back that crap by having to see the foreign version on tv here . 
  it 's sad that it seems reality shit shows are cheaper to produce than quality movies or tv shows . 
  you just need a studio and a few random idiots who jump through hoops . 
  when my parents were young during the 50s and 60s they had american movies in the cinema , such as the old westerns . 
  many people had no tv at home when they were young , as the country was already somewhat behind the times before the war and was of course ruined by ww2 . 
  speaking of movies , a bridge too far depicts a bit of operation market garden that took place in the netherlands . 
  as for television , that is a different matter . 
  the dutch broadcasting system for both radio and television was all done by government-operated and government-sanctioned broadcasters . 
  i remember that telekids , a tv show for children i used to watch that had different cartoons with segments in between with the presenters , had to be recorded and the tape sent abroad to luxembourg , from where it was broadcast to the netherlands . 
  they showed the ninja turtles for example . 
  they only legalised commercial television in 1992 . 
  one of the first commercial radio broadcasters did their broadcasting from a ship in international waters in the north sea . 
  for the netherlands it may help that it has a small population , so there is n't that much local contect compared to english media . 
  i remember during the 80s and 90s there were shows such as the fresh prince of bell air ( awful ) , married with children , friends , everybody loves raymond , and stuff like that . 
  i mostly remember the 80s transformers cartoons ( the best ones ) . 
  today you can almost daily see reruns of two and a half men , the big bang theory , stuff like that . 
  they used to air game of thrones as well , but that failed because of the delay between release and air date in the netherlands so people just pirated instead of waiting a year . 
  we also had some of the star trek series such as tng , voy and ds9 . 
  growing up during the 80s and 90s i also remember seeing the star wars films a lot , and of course westerns and war movies . 
  we also had a lot of british comedies : dad 's army , are you being served ? , allo allo , keeping up appearances , and blackadder ( comedy gold ) . 
  ( also for / u/vaperius , as it more or less turned into a generic comment rather than a very specific reply ) oh , and i remember we had knight rider as well !, 
  and the a-team !, 
  i love it when a plan comes together . 
  ( also for / u/vaperius and / u/asyx ) many of those reality and game shows originally come from endemol , a dutch company . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/endemol if you scroll down you can see some of the crap they produced , such as big brother , deal or no deal , fear factor , wipeout . 
  the voice was also produced by one of the main guys from endemol , john de mol . 
  strangely we sometimes get to see the foreign versions of them as well . 
  we had the american fear factor on tv here . 
  big brother also comes from a dutch show , sadly . 
  i think that really depends on the country . 
  in the netherlands almost nothing is dubbed except stuff for children too young to read . 
  i think it 's the same in the scandinavian countries . 
  almost everyone in the netherlands would recognise connery . 
  i much prefer subtitles . 
  watching someonething stereotypically english such as james bond just sounds ridiculous with a german dub . 
  this year there was a referendum on the cooperation treaty between the eu and ukraine in the netherlands , and people voted against it . 
  i do n't think our government could allow ukraine to join without massive unrest at home . 
  as far as i know , for a country to join the eu it needs to be agreed on by all member states , so it 's impossible in the current dutch political climate . 
  the vote was ( probably ) mostly because of general anti-eu sentiment , and not anti-ukraine sentiment . 
  it 's not because of pro-russia sentiments either , as their rebel assholes shot down mh-17 which killed nearly 200 of our citizens . 
  from what i hear , portion size is another big difference here . 
  i remember an american saying ` do n't go to france for the food . 
  in fact , take food with you . ', 
  to mock european portion sizes . 
  another snack that is popular here is the frikandel . 
  it 's a skinless sausage that is deep-fried , and `` frikandel speciaal '' is a frikandel with mayonaise , curry-ketchup and raw onions . 
  here is a picture ( and of course the fries have mayonaise again ) : http://mijnslager.info/images/overige_producten/streetfood/originelen/frikandelspec-o.jpg i do n't think mcdonald 's dared to touch this one yet . 
  i remember reading that article , and i looked up some of those wallmart chants/dances in the morning . 
  if you told someone over here to do that it would n't go over well . 
  no one wants to show up early to do some useless , embarrassing stuff . 
  another thing that the fake smiling reminded me of is fake white teeth . 
  here people prefer teeth-coloured teeth to purely white teeth , because it looks fake . 
  when people get implants they do n't go for the purest white , but for something that looks as if it is real . 
  another example is ketchup with fries . 
  as they said in pulp fiction , dutch people drown 'm in mayonaise . 
  so when mcdonalds came here they wanted to stand out , but still sell food that people here would eat . 
  so they made their own kind of mayonaise with herbs in it , it 's different but not as different as ketchup with fries . 
  here is a picture of what you would get here , pretty similar to the us i expect but that square thing at the left bottom contains the mayonaise-like sauce : https://media.socialdeal.nl/deal/mcdonalds-maastricht-15050206200370.jpg they also offer the mckroket . 
  a kroket is a bit of a ragout ( usually in the form of a sausage ) that is covered in breadcrumbs and deep-fried . 
  a very popular local snack , also to eat on bread with mustard , so mcdonald 's made their own version of it . 
  at least they realised that they needed to adapt a bit to the locals , without abandoning their ( american-style ) brand recognition . 
  this is what a normal kroket looks like , the inside is beef ragout . 
  often eaten with mustard , or on bread . 
  mcdonald 's just made it round so it looks like a burger and fits on their buns . 
  http://zeldenrijksnacks.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/07/kroket_rundvlees_1.jpg i think that if you want to successfully enter another market , you need at least one of the locals who understands how things are different , and why some things wo n't work . 
  it is the same with many of the chinese restaurants here in the netherlands . 
  the food is inspired by chinese food , but different enough that you wo n't be able to find many of the dishes in china itself . 
  then why keep voting for the people/parties you mistrust ? 
  if people still vote in the same way they ca n't distrust them that much . 
  here is an interesting bit from the documentary/mockumentary religulous , where bill speaks with someone from the catholic observatory : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rev0ncuobcs it seems they are pretty accepting of science . 
  smoking in public is not a problem , unless the municipality put up a sign saying you ca n't smoke in that area . 
  of course it 's a good idea to use common sense , to make sure other people are n't bothered by it . 
  do n't sit next to someone at the bus stop and light up . 
  actually , it is technically not legal , but it is in practice . 
  weed is still banned , but you are allowed to have up to 5 grams in your possession , or have 3 ( i think ) plants for homegrowing purposes . 
  smoking on the street is also legal in most places , unless the municipality put up a sign saying you ca n't . 
  it is not that really uncommon to see someone with a joint or spliff on the street ( though you might smell them before you see them ) . 
  i 've seen a lot of people smoke in public in some of the student cities , it 's not a problem at all , as long as you do n't make a nuisance of yourself . 
  they did n't change the law to make it legal as far as i know , they just have the long-standing policy of not prosecuting potheads .
