  also ask him for a nice indonesian restaurant , and order [ rijsttafel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel ) , which is a collection many different indonesian dishes . 
  probably more interesting than dutch food , as it 's not that different from british food . 
  a nice snack is the * kroket * , which is breaded and deep-fried beef ragout , sausage-shaped , often eaten with mustard . 
  and beware all the cyclists . 
  do n't step on the cycling lane without looking about you , and when driving , cyclists have right of way if they come from the right , they are basically treated as motorists . 
  and since you mentioned bruges , i 'm obliged to mention the british movie in bruges . 
  great movie , and one of the main characters is essentially a tourist who does n't like any part of his trip . 
  two british-irish crooks hiding out in belgium . 
  i 'd rather take a 20 hour drive to poland than a 2 hour flight . 
  rationally i know that flying is safe , but i wo n't be found in one of those flying coffins . 
  i can top that , i live near hennie stoel , the former newsreader . 
  and i have seen marco borsato perform well over 20 years ago !, 
  not everyone likes flying . 
  the word is `` trui '' , meaning sweater or woolly jumper . 
  the plural is `` truien '' . 
  there is also the somewhat old-fashioned name trui , which is short for geertruida , or gertrude . 
  the only american channel i have here is cnn , and i notice they spend pretty much all day talking about what trump is doing . 
  there is a fairly long tradition in europe of [ christian democracy ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_democracy ) , and they are currently one of the largest factions in the european parliament , and also influential in national governments . 
  the most influential probably being the chancellor of germany , angela merkel , of the cdu/csu . 
  in the netherlands there are three christian parties . 
  the main one is the cda , a merger of catholics and different groups of protestants . 
  they are a vaguely right-centrist-conservative party , but not overly christian . 
  pretty mainstream . 
  then there is the christian union , who are sort of leftist economically , but very conservative christians . 
  and then the sgp , staatkundig gereformeerde partij , who are very conservative christians . 
  they shut down their website on sundays , and did n't allow women in their party until 2013 or so . 
  cda is mainstream and was in the government for a long time , the other parties are more on the fringe . 
  in the netherlands only some 25 % of people believe in god , so talking about christianity is not a good angle in politics . 
  cda got 19/150 seats , cu got 5/150 , and sgp got 3/150 . 
  we are nazis for the same reason apparently . 
  the largest parties except for pvv are pretty mainstream . 
  vvd ( free-market liberals ) , cda ( christian democrats ) and d66 ( liberal democrats ) have been part of the political establishment for decades . 
  so yeah , as you said , we did n't vote for change wednesday , we voted for basically the same guys . 
  but more cheerful . 
  he can laugh all our troubles away . 
  we usually have a pm , but currently our pm is technically demissionary ( i think ) . 
  his term is over , we just had elections on wednesday , and the pm basically leads a caretaker cabinet until a new one is formed . 
  which will take weeks , or even months . 
  but the netherlands has a monarch who is head of state ( king willem-alexander ) , and a pm who leads the government . 
  germany has a president as head of state , but it 's generally the chancellor who has the political power . 
  and of course germany is a federal republic with different bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  you are mistaken , according to the turkish government * we * are the remnants of nazism today . 
  i do n't feel they are conservatives exactly , more like free-market liberals . 
  they were part of the government that implemented same-sex marriage . 
  username checks out . 
  generally not for frisian or low saxon in the netherlands . 
  all these people are also fluent in dutch , so there is no point . 
  most of them also learn english in school . 
  subtitles for foreign movies or tv shows are just in standard dutch , subtitles and not dubs , unless it 's for children . 
  children 's shows are sometimes dubbed . 
  it 's somewhat rare to hear minority languages on tv . 
  there was a tv show from twente in low saxon , [ van jonge leu en oale groond ] ( https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/van_jonge_leu_en_oale_groond ) , but that 's almost 10 years ago . 
  there is also a regular broadcast in frisian on the public broadcaster npo in the netherlands . 
  but frisian and low saxon are so close to dutch and german that i can understand about 70 % or somewhere near . 
  d66 also got 19/150 seats . 
  they are economically considered somewhat right-wing , but are very progressive on issues such as climate change , civil rights , stuff like that . 
  somewhat mainstrean pro-eu . 
  some people call them right-wing , and others call them left-wing , but they are pretty much a progressive centrist party that is pro-eu . 
  sort of liberal democrats . 
  it 's somewhat likely that they 'll be part of a future government . 
  i can see it is meant for domestic consumption , as there is a referendum coming up in turkey . 
  voting in the netherlands is about to start in about 30 minutes . 
  erdogan advised not to vote for the dutch right wing parties ( vvd - mainstream liberal , pvv - right wing populist led by wilders ) , but i fear it may have the opposite effect . 
  they had a slight rise in the polls yesterday . 
  it 's been a topic in the political debate how the dutch turks are very much pro-akp , moreso than turks in turkey . 
  some 70 % voted for erdogan . 
  in dutch , `` dikke '' is short for `` dikke vriend '' , so it does n't really mean ` fat person ' , but just a very good friend . 
  same with `` ouwe '' , ` alter ' , meaning ` old friend ' . 
  not meant to call people old or fat . 
  `` dikke '' is used in the netherlands , also meaning ` fat ' , but it 's meant as ` dikke vriend ' , or fast friends in english . 
  the same with `` ouwe '' , meaning old friend , not old person . 
  i hope the meme is weeping dutch people . 
  it 's not that common , but there are some people who make their own beer or wine . 
  i know a man who goes into the forest to collect berries such as raspberries , and makes wine from it . 
  you can make wine from pretty much any fruit . 
  is the current row with the netherlands big news in turkey ? 
  aside from the elections tomorrow , it 's the main news item here . 
  the `` remnants of nazis '' comment was extremely hurtful , as was the srebrenica comment yesterday , openly saying that the dutch murdered bosnians , which was not the case at all . 
  i 'm not sure what we did to deserve this . 
  the insults are great though : there is nothing they could have come up with that would have been more hurtful . 
  it 's a great recipe for poor students as well . 
  have no food and no money ? 
  go look if there is some rice in the kitchen . 
  and some peanutbutter . 
  boil rice , boil peanutbutter with water , and you have a somewhat nutricious dinner , and fairly healthy as well . 
  i survived a few weekends on this stuff . 
  peanut butter is also popular in cooking here . 
  if you put a lump of peanut butt in a pan with a bit of water , and slightly boil it , it will become a thick sauce . 
  add some soy sauce , or sambal ( ground chili peppers ) , or onions or garlic , and it will become a very tasty sauce for rice , chicken , or meatballs . 
  also nice on green beans ( haricots verts ) . 
  it 's a fairly popular bbq sauce here . 
  the peanut sauce is an indonesian influence , because of the colonial history . 
  and it 's just so easy to make : just rice with some peanut sauce ( satay sauce ) is great . 
  [ broodje hagelslag !, 
  it also works with peanut butter , which is fairly popular here . 
  the standard lunch for dutch people is taking a sandwich to work :(, 
  that 's sort of the opposite of what i experienced at university . 
  people arrive just in time for classes ( or a bit later , and have coffee in between . 
  quite a few were hung over because most parties were during the week , as students often went home to their parents during the weekends . 
  so not much talk in the morning .
