  there are also people called foundling , possibly because their ancestor was an orphan with unknown parents . 
  i did n't know that . 
  it 's what we learned at school , that a waiter is gar\u00e7on . 
  `` men , i am not ordering you to attack . 
  i am ordering you to die . '', 
  cheese !, 
  it 's one of those things i 've wondered about , east asia does n't have a tradition of making cheese . 
  pretty much every food is seen in different forms around the world : sausages , soup , bread , deep-fried fish , roast meat , alcoholic beverages , vegetable stews , and so on . 
  but cheese seems to be not so popular in east asia . 
  i would try [ brie cheese ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/brie ) if you have n't already . 
  it 's a soft , mild cheese covered in white mold . 
  [ camembert ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/camembert ) is similar but more ` stinky ' . 
  for both cheeses , the consistency varies a lot by temperature . 
  if you travel to europe , you 'll find that in many places there are specialised cheese stores . 
  when i was young we had `` de kaasboer '' , a man who drove through our street once or twice a week in a camper-van selling cheese . 
  i think they considered part of europe culturally ( whatever that means ) , just like georgia , basically for not being muslim . 
  but i 'm not sure that 's meaningful , the average dutch person probably could n't point out either country on the map . 
  in the netherlands most people take their lunch with them from home , usually a sandwich with peanutbutter or cheese or ham , or something similar . 
  it 's quite bland and disgusting . 
  breaks are usually very short , so there is no time to go outside and buy street food . 
  it 's the same with schools . 
  i think the culture is to get work/school done asap , so you have time to eat before and after . 
  breakfast and lunch are usually fairly sparse , people eat in the evening . 
  working hours here do n't change with the seasons , unless you do seasonal work of course , such as the harvest , or selling specific foods . 
  there is an ice cream shop nearby that sells ice cream during summer , and winter food such as [ oliebollen ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/oliebol ) , more or less deep-fried bread or donuts , during winter . 
  there are also foods that are considered specific to winter , such as pea soup and [ stamppot ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot ) , which is mashed potatoes with vegetables in it . 
  there is an interesting article on dutch cuisine ( and about other countries ' cuisine as well ) . 
  just by looking at the pictures you 'll get an idea : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_cuisine and working hours do n't really change , although we have daylight savings time ( which is nonsense ) . 
  i remember going to school in the dark in winter , and it was dark again when going home . 
  the summer was the opposite , bright light when i woke up and it was still light when i went to bed . 
  what country was that ? 
  opinions can vary a lot between countries . 
  in the netherlands , chinese and indonesians are more or less considered model minorities . 
  many of them came here because the colonial history . 
  brussels is a shithole , that 's the explanation . 
  i remember vacationing in the french-speaking parts of belgium , and sometimes people were rude to us just because we were dutch . 
  pretending not to understand me , or just ignoring me , stuff like that . 
  i 'm biased , but the experience in the dutch-speaking areas was much better . 
  in the netherlands they are more or less considered a model minority . 
  there are chinese-indonesian restaurants everywhere ( three within walking distance of my home ) , and many of them run other businesses . 
  they are generally seen as hard-working and no bullshit . 
  the netherlands has a chinese minority that is in part from indonesian chinese , after indonesia became independent . 
  and there are many indonesians as well . 
  there are racial slurs against asians of course , and there are tasteless jokes referring to restaurants ( `` can i get rice with that ? 
  '' ) , but they are not considered normal these days . 
  i do n't think most people are aware of the distinction between prc chinese , singaporean chinese , or otherwise overseas chinese . 
  i do n't know if it 's true , but i 've heard that this is possibly a result of the cultural revolution , where traditional values were destroyed . 
  because the asian countries surrounding china are generally known for being very polite and well-behaved compared to europeans . 
  i think the main problem here is that language education is just the beginning , you can only really learn a language by using it like the natives use it . 
  in the netherlands and the scandinavian countries movies and tv shows are generally not dubbed but subtitled , which means that people hear foreign languages ( mostly english ) from a young age . 
  i remember that many/most people in my school were way ahead of the level of english classes , simply because they consumed english-language media . 
  i had french in school , but i suck at it because i never needed to use it , while english is everywhere . 
  german is somewhere in between : i rarely use it , but it is fairly similar to dutch , so i can understand most of it if it 's not spoken too fast . 
  there are so many languages in asia . 
  how do you deal with it ? 
   most people generally spend their lives in their home country , and only go to other european countries for holidays . 
  you could live your life only knowing the main language of your home country , generally . 
  and most countries have a national language , either de jure or de facto , that everyone speaks . 
  in the netherlands we learn dutch of course , and english is compulsory , plus at least one other language ( usually french or german ) . 
  for a classical education , add latin and/or ancient greek . 
  there are also regional languages ( or dialects , there is no clear definition ) . 
  frisian for example , and the low saxon and limburgish dialects/languages . 
  i had dutch in school of course ( my native language ) , and english , french and german were compulsory as well . 
  now dutch , german and english are all somewhat closely related languages , so learning them is n't as hard as it would seem . 
  different from singapore , where english , chinese and malay are all from completely different language families . 
  the european union has 24 official languages , and there are many more regional and unofficial languages , so it 's impossible to learn all of them . 
  wealthy and clean . 
  but also draconic laws . 
  death penalty . 
  it 's a reference to this video , from a comedy news show : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eld2awfn9nc, 
  i do n't think the frisians helped in that regard , almost no one outside of frisia speaks frisian , unless they were born there . 
  also , i think there are more areas where they speak plat ( low saxon/german ) , also related to english . 
  the language that provides us with gems such as `` moj 'n lik an de bek hebbm ? '', 
  yes , dutch is mandatory in schools . 
  from what i remember we started learning it in the last two years of primary school , so at the age of 10 or so . 
  there is also a lot of american/british stuff on tv that is subtitled instead of dubbed , so kids hear english from a young age . 
  some examples of what 's on tv here : reruns of two and a half men , the big bang theory , the stuff on discovery channel and national geographic , and of course english-language movies . 
  when i was in school most of my friends were star wars fans and read lord of the rings . 
  my parents grew up with james bond movies and westerns ( often called cowboy movies here ) . 
  and a lot of stuff is n't translated to dutch , such as college/university textbooks . 
  the market is too small . 
  english and dutch are also fairly closely related as both are west germanic languages , the group that also contains german and regional or minority languages such as frisian , low german/saxon , luxembourgish , scots , and a bunch of others . 
  generally english is mandatory , plus another foreign language , usually french or german . 
  often more is required , i had four foreign languages that were mandatory for a few years . 
  people with a classical education also get latin and/or ancient greek . 
  i remember one scene where they were interrogating some of the locals , and one said more or less : `` onze koning is koning egbert '' . 
  in the book there is quite a bit of quenya though . 
  aragorn speaks it a bunch of times , and of course galadriel 's song , nam\u00e1ri\u00eb . 
  aave , please . 
  it 's obviously made to look a bit fancier , but the guy dressed up and posed for this . 
  oh , sure . 
  and the vvd has at least populist rhetoric at times , even if their policies may not reflect is . 
  and it feels to me as if it 's becoming more frequent . 
  like the good old days in the soviet union , they had photoshop back then . 
  he actually posed for the picture , dressed up : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1ljmcgyq7y0 supposed to look like michiel de ruyter , famous for the raid on the medway where the british fleet was taken out , mostly . 
  the guy actually spoke irish btw , as he was stationed in ireland for some years . 
  security reasons . 
  he travels from safe house to safe house , with extremy security measures . 
  but anyway , it 's not illegal to say ( most ) of what he says . 
  he has actually lived in israel when he was young .
