  many people will never be able to sell their house , because who wants to live there ? 
  people are extremely butthurt with things relating to natural gas , and it 's not surprising, 
  here 's a hint ... join nato before it 's too late !, 
  that way you 'll have the most powerful alliance in the world backing you when the next winter war comes . 
  their government are conservative muslims mostly , and they have a history of human rights abuses . 
  so not really any better than saudi arabia . 
  but now nato has fewer tanks since finland is n't even in nato . 
  i think the idea is that some other nato countries would provide mbts , and the netherlands would provide something else ( patriot missiles or something ? 
  tanks cost money . 
  so that 's settled then , you take all the refugees that speak french and sweden takes all the refugees that speak swedish . 
  would n't mentioning stalingrad be a compliment ? 
  that was where the red army broke the wehrmacht . 
  is it common to see swastikas in latvia on non-nazis ? 
  it was a symbol all over europe before christianity . 
  maybe he refers to empty calories , like things with lots of carbohydrates ( sugar , bread , pasta ) . 
  you can be overweight and malnourished at the same time if you do n't eat the right proteins and vitamins but still eat lots of calories . 
  this is just whining because they do n't have a place to ditch the kids . 
  super short pants are fashion-appropriate again ? 
  people wore those when i was little . 
  they are certainly not climate-appropriate here , way too cold . 
  when i hear american with skinny jeans i think of howard wolowitz . 
  maybe because i started with `` nitpick '' . 
  ah , i get indo-european isolate , but that is still different from `` true '' isolates in that we have not yet found the relationship to other living languages . 
  and albanian sounds different , but greek also sounds very different to me . 
  i rarely recognize words when i hear people speaking it , but i never had greek in school ( we only had the option for old greek or something ) . 
  i sometimes recognize loanwords in other languages like russian , words related to politics such as `` president '' . 
  but the more everyday words i only recognize in really close languages ( i 'm dutch ) , so i see them in german or english . 
  of course i could be biased because i actually had germand and english in school , so it 's not as if i 'm a blank slate . 
  if i had greek i might see more similarities . 
  i 'm not a linguist , but i thought that a true language isolate has no surviving related languages at all , such as basque . 
  is that really enough to make something a language isolate ? 
  by that definition greek is also one . 
  and not every single language is related ( as far as we know ) , since there are a bunch of language families outside of indo-european . 
  ie is simply the most widespread by area . 
  infected with teh yurop already , good . . goood . . 
  nitpick : albanian is an indo-european language , which means it is related to almost all other european languages including english . 
  so no pink shirts in the us for men ? 
  the germans should just build nukes to keep everyone off their back , and do n't go on any military adventures . 
  but for some reason the germans are against anything with the word `` nuclear '' in it . 
  is not going to happen , and people will keep coming . 
  it 's not good but i do n't see anything changing soon . 
  i should have phrased it differently , the french act more independantly while the germans do n't act at all . 
  still a bit weird that people do n't care about germany never participating , but when france wants to sit this one out people get butthurt . 
  i get that it goes against expectations , but still weird . 
  another strange thing in germany vs france : france has nuclear energy and nukes , germany has neither . 
  so what should they do , shoot down all boats with refugees ? 
  it is a european border so it is a european problem . 
  btw , it 's practically impossible to stop all refugees , never going to happen . 
  that is the same everywhere , in all of the counties people are generally against immigration . 
  but here are still thousands of people crossing into europe , we ca n't let all of them stay in italy or sweden . 
  it 's not really britain 's fault that the swedish government lets everyone in . 
  it is the counter-sanctions that upset people . 
  they are bad for the economy , and people germany/france/netherlands are far enough away from russia and ukraine the average person does n't care much . 
  besides , ukraine was n't even in the eu or nato ( which was their problem ) . 
  in britain 36,8 % is a majority . 
  we certainly got history lessons on ww2 in the netherlands , they had the whole class visit local monuments were people were executed . 
  it was n't detailed or graphic but i think most elementary school kids here roughly know what happened . 
  that 's why the french abandoned paris in ww2 . 
  they could not succesfully defend it anyway , and it would just mean the city would be rubble . 
  you just bomb their cities and let them freeze/starve to death , do reprisal executions , haul people off to death camps . 
  if you have the means to defeat the us army you also have the means to either subdue the civvies , or get rid of them . 
  sort of worked for the nazis . 
  how would a gun help ? 
  in the extremely unlikely event the us military is defeated , the enemy would just shell a city with artillery , have the civvies surrender and hand over the guns , or just flatten the city . 
  or do what the nazis did : if the resistance attacked the german army , they would just round up a whole lot of civvies and execute them . 
  they have wiped out entire towns that way . 
  anti-war protests do n't help if the silent / ( stupid ) majority keeps voting for the same type of people . 
  cameron is just as hawkish as blair was . 
  the last election was a real farce though , 36,8 % is a `` majority '' for the conservatives . 
  about being tough on russia : the us does n't really feel the effect of the counter-sanctions , but europeans do because they export a lot to russia . 
  the germans did exactly the same , they rarely take part in any military action , much less even than the french . 
  the luxembourgians should just have remained loyal to the king . 
  health insurance is generally not related to where you work , people get their own health insurance for 100-150 a month , and people with low income get a small subsidy . 
  stock options are pretty rare i think , if you are at the level you get stock options you 'll probably negotiate your own contract . 
  for most people the retirement fund is regulated by the cao ( negotiations between worker 's and employer 's unions , done seperately by sector of industry ) and if you work 20/40 hours per week it will likely contribute half as much as if you worked full-time . 
  for paid time off : if you work 40 hours a week and get 10 days off , then if you work 20 hours a week and you take a day of it 'll only be a half day 's worth of hours , so it works out to the same thing . 
  another thing , when people get money put into the retirement fund by the company , it is always out of the company unless you are the owner . 
  that is to avoid the general motors problem , where recipients of the retirement fund are dependent on the continueing success of gm . 
  i got another good example for stocks , many enron employees had stocks but when the company went bust they were left with nothing . 
  i think stock options only happen with the really high ups , not generally for employees . 
  yes , that is more or less how it works . 
  full-time generally means 36-40 hours . 
  my dad did that years ago , he worked 25/40 hours or so and pay was adjusted , he valued the free time more than the money . 
  also , because of the tax brackets you will pay much more tax on `` hour 40 '' than on `` hour 1 '' of every week . 
  as for promotion , if you work 2 days of the week you 'll not become ceo anytime soon . 
  and there are also many people working fewer hours just because they were only able to get a part time job , not enough work and/or budget to hire them full-time . 
  it 's not just northern europe , it 's all over europe . 
  it 's also on the czech coat of arms , it 's in the spanish coat of arms ( representing the kingdom of l\u00e9on ) , the dutch one , the british one ( both in english and scottish bits ) , venice , flanders , and probably a whole bunch more . 
  here 's a wiki article on lions in heraldry with a bunch of examples : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lion_ ( heraldry ), 
  that 's true . 
  but that 's why i mentioned `` nice society '' as a plus , because like most other nothern european countries , you do n't go there for the weather or the food or the landscapes . 
  still , i think the countries around the north sea are some of the best to live if you can become a resident/citizen . 
  awful weather , awfully long nights or days depending on season , awful food ... nice society ? 
  ( at least what i hear from people is that worldwide people consider food from northern europe awful ), 
  but you were already a eu citizen so they would have to let you in , the same way malta has to let in swedes to live/work in malta . 
  it 's not about hamas or hezbollah , these people are idiots that do not have the resources to defeat the idf , not by far . 
  it 's to deter the militaries of the surrounding countries who have attack them numerous times since 1948 . 
  the egyptians for example would be crazy to attack if they have a chance of winning , because winning for them would mean the total destruction of their country . 
  hence they wo n't try . 
  it 's the argentinians who are nationalist cunts .
