  alternative toppings : peanutbutter , jam/jelly , or honey , generally with a generous amount of butter ( except in the case of peanutbutter , opinions vary on that one ) . 
  if there was time , we had coffee afterwards . 
  we even had two brands of chocolate sprinkles at breakfast , as my parents preferred different brands . 
  your meetwurst sounds like dutch ` metworst ' , a dry sausage . 
  why would anyone want to go there ? 
  to see what failed states look like ? 
  if you leave europe for the middle-east you 're going the wrong way . 
  so norway is no longer part of the free world ? 
  that it 's used for peeing ( among other things ) ? 
  let 's call it a multifunctional tool . 
  a powertool , if you will . 
  people in norway do n't drink on the train ? 
  it 's the only way i can stomach public transport , and also the only reason to use public transport ( as i do n't drive while drunk ) . 
  perhaps something similar to sensation white and sensation black ? 
  dance music events where people show up in either white or black clothes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sensation_ ( event ), 
  no , we still need cash for making anonymous payments . 
  drugs , hookers , etcetera . 
  the stuff you do n't want the government or your parents to know . 
  is n't the expense in the cleaning ? 
  i suppose a hole takes less time to clean than a bowl . 
  no , royal houses or other nobility generally take their name from the land they own . 
  the house of york is named after york , which was a town named by the danes , originally called yorvik . 
  the houses of york and lancaster were even from the same family , the angevins , or `` de anjou '' in french , which is also from a placename . 
  people are sometimes also referred to by their titles rather than their personal or family name : wellington is called so because he was made duke of wellington . 
  his real name was arthur wellesly . 
  i think house here means more something like ` household ' , meaning either a family and/or its servants . 
  it rains a lot in the netherlands as well , but it 's very uncommon to take off your shoes . 
  it 's why they invented doormats . 
  funny you mention student appartments : in my old student home you would n't want to take your shoes off . 
  there were often bits of glass or other stuff on the floor , and it was filthy . 
  or if the social contract allows for both parties to realise their mutual politeness is fake . 
  it 's more or less the opposite here . 
  if you apply for a mortgage , they look at your income and your debts and savings ( and age , health , etc ) . 
  if you have debt that you failed to pay you 'll end up in a debt registry that banks or other financial institutions can look up , which obviously makes them less likely to give you a loan if your name is on it . 
  was n't that written when slavery was legal ? 
  and a home that has wheels on it . 
  perhaps they speak a dialect somewhere between polish and czech ? 
  it could be a dialect continuum . 
  or perhaps the border is there , but the village is all either ethnically polish or all czech . 
  often people in the border regions speak a bit of the language across the border , or speak a closely related dialect if they are in the same language group . 
  what they speak in dutch limburg , belgian limburg , and across the border in germany , are similar dialects that are probably easier to understand across the border than in other parts of their own countries . 
  dutch limburgers are very hard for me to understand because i am not from that area . 
  i used to live near the german border and was sometimes adressed in german on the dutch side , just because there were so many germans there . 
  and everyone has german courses in school , not just highly educated people . 
  also , you do n't really need to speak to do grocery shopping . 
  they scan your stuff , it shows on the screen how much you need to pay , and you pay . 
  dutch is also quite useless , unless you live among locals . 
  pretty much none . 
  i remember there was one fire drill where they unexpectedly rang the fire alarm , but our teacher knew it was a drill , and he just kept on teaching . 
  told us we could leave if we wanted to , but everyone remained . 
  no sense in hoofing all the way out and back in again for no reason . 
  earthquakes do n't really happen in my area , fires are rare , and it 's not really a target for terrorists or school shootings ( there are n't that many weapons here either ) . 
  some of the useful skills i learned though were swimming , which most people learned privately , but we had school swimming so even the kids without swimming lessons would learn how to swim . 
  we also had a ` traffic exam ' on bicycle when we were 9 or so , for safety , because kids generally go to school on a bike . 
  first we learned the rules of traffic and had to do a written exam , and then we had to go out and cycle through the city to various checkpoints , staffed by volunteer parents . 
  that does n't really work when people in other eu countries are still religious . 
  until they get into the 21st century , we are stuck with the silly christian democrats , regardless of how we vote . 
  perhaps because no one has ever heard of it ? 
  i had no idea what that group was before this thread . 
  the netherlands had rallies in amsterdam and utrecht , but those are not really dutch cities , they are theme parks for tourists and expats . 
  drinking . 
  i have absolutely no idea , but i 'm not going to spend money when it 's only hot for two weeks a year . 
  we have about two weeks of hot weather , and perhaps two weeks of snow a year . 
  for the rest it 's just sort of average and temperate , because of the low altitude and the north sea . 
  houses are generally made to keep the heat in , not out . 
  there are usually only a few weeks of extreme weather a year , cold or warm , so homes and infrastructure are not accustomed to it . 
  we got problems with the railroads as well every few years , because they ca n't deal well with snow . 
  both cars and electricity are taxed extremely heavily , so yeah , many people here ca n't afford air conditioners or cars . 
  most people here do n't have ac at all . 
  and ties are of croatian origin ( cravat ) , but i do n't think anyone would call croatia a superpower  i sort of agree that most of the non-european anglosphere ( and latin america ) inherited part of their culture from europe , they are essentially european colonies in origin . 
  but why do people bother to learn english , but not chinese ? 
  so they exported some superstitious bullshit ? 
  feng shui is just a scam , it 's not real . 
  tea is now more associated with the colonial empires than with china itself . 
  the tea they sell here has english names and packaging . 
  china porcelain and silk were from waaaay before , that 's not really an important export of modern china . 
  when i turn on the tv i pretty much never see anything from china . 
  most is either dutch or from english-language speaking countries ( us , britain ) . 
  i could n't name a single chinese tv show or movie except for crouching tiger , hidden dragon . 
  we got tv shows from denmark and norway , stuff such as borgen , and we had pipi langkous from denmark ( subbed , not dubbed ) . 
  countries with a tiny population . 
  and china , the most populous country in the world , ca n't even get one tv show going that the rest of the world wants to see ? 
  in civilisation terms , they are not going for a cultural victory . 
  we call them foreigners . 
  somehow people in the northern bits of europe like them , but the rest of the world finds them disgusting . 
  strange . 
  china is n't one of them though . 
  it lacks cultural influence outside of east asia . 
  almost no one in europe speaks chinese or watches chinese movies regularly . 
  turkish somehow sounds like it is spoken underwater or something . 
  it has a strange flow to it , like it just keeps rolling on . 
  perhaps because the language has vowel harmony . 
  it 's why we have so many varieties of liquorice and salmiakki !, 
  never played it myself , but for some reason there are always people playing it in the pot stores . 
  so if you do n't go to college you do n't get to be an adult ? 
   i was already an adult in highschool : i turned 18 before i finished , which meant the ` kinderbijslag ' ( government benefits for raising a child ) went to me directly instead of to my parents . 
  we had a party before graduating high school actually , so even the kids who did n't graduate would attend . 
  we walked around in borrowed , ill-fitting suits , and i remember there was lots of wine . 
  the drinking age was 16 at the time , so the school was allowed to give us booze .
