  i do n't want to live in a world where everyone is wealthy but european values have disappeared . 
  areas of indonesia have gone from traditional islam to modern islam ( `` modern '' meaning modern radicalism ) . 
  their economy is growing , but their civil society is n't . 
  turkey is also going backwards , despite their economy going forwards for years . 
  i think consolidating the eu will be one of the things that might be good economically , but it 's something people do n't want . 
  too many languages ( although india is an example of the opposite , but that was forcibly united by the british ) . 
  we do n't really have a common culture really , despite sharing some western values . 
  what bothers me is the lack of personal freedoms . 
  people seemed to think that encouraging growth in china would also lead to a greater demand for personal freedoms , but instead it created a strong , centralised communist state . 
  i 'm not so hopeful for china , i do n't think it 's headed in the right direction at all . 
  and the middle-east also went full-on backwards since the 60s/70s . 
  iran used to be modern , now it 's a theocracy . 
  you seem to think that the world getting richer is a good idea even if it is without progress in other areas . 
  in europe more or less the opposite happened : we had enlightenment ideas and science before we had the industrial revolution . 
  many countries are even going backwards socially , and fast . 
  indonesia , syria , all those places were extremists pop up . 
  as interesting as a train speeding towards a cliff  it will be pretty much impossible to create a feasible coalition , and everybody knows it . 
  i do n't think there has ever been a governing coalition with more than three parties , at least not in recent history . 
  and there is also the senate to consider : even harder to also have a majority there . 
  people expect it will turn out to be a majority coalition of three mainstream parties : vvd , cda , d66 , who then have to seek differing majorities for everything they want to do . 
  some say it may be a good thing , as it allows for smaller parties to have greater input . 
  also , there are a lot more parties than those on that list , those are only parties that currently have seats in the house . 
  election campaigns have n't really begun yet , so it 's hard to say how it will turn out . 
  but i think it 's clear that healthcare will be a major topic . 
  my guess is that cu , sgp and pvdd will remain fairly static and not that relevant , denk and vnl are completely irrelevant ( possibly just eating up a few seats ) , and it may end up being a struggle between two or three larger parties . 
  last two times during the election campaign two opposing parties emerged that soared in the polls , because people voted for one to basically oppose the other . 
  a few years ago it was cda vs pvda ( cda won ) , and last time it was vvd vs pvda ( vvd won , but formed a coalition with pvda ) . 
  also , this poll was from a few days ago , and today there has been a big scandal with a vvd minister who tried to make some important information disappear . 
  the moroccan minority has a bad reputation , and have more crime and lower unemployment , and some have been implicated in plotting terrorist attacks or sympathising with isis or bin laden . 
  just over 10 years ago theo van gogh ( filmmaker critical of islam ) was murdered by a moroccan . 
  but it is illegal to discriminate against race or background . 
  and the moroccans are citizens . 
  it was unclear what he meant : if he had said `` less immigration from africa '' or something like that , it would have been fine . 
  but what he did was a kind of incitement : he asked a crowd in the hague after a local election : `` do you want more or fewer moroccans ? 
  '' , and then the crowd ( predictably ) started shouting `` fewer !, 
  fewer ! '' . 
  and then he said : `` ok , we 'll take care of it '' . 
  he was judged guilty , but not fined . 
  wilders called it a media trial . 
  if he had just kept it at crime statistics of some groups , he would have been fine . 
  i 'm not sure to think of it , but wilders constantly goes over the top a bit . 
  he is our trump . 
  or rather , trump is the us version of wilders , as wilders has been in politics for well over 10 years . 
  but i think his popularity is party justified , even just as a foil for the `` regular '' politicians . 
  there is a reason the populist right wing is getting more popular in the eu . 
  i think many people thought he would tone it down should he become president . 
  turns out they were wrong . 
  it feels like the brexit all over again . 
  from what i understand he got a lot of the military vote , or at least that 's how he presents himself . 
  but yeah , what he said about mccain is disgusting . 
  and disturbing if you are in the military and you become a pow and your boss says : `` you can rot in hell , it 's your own fault for getting captured . '', 
  it 's the refugee crisis , and general anti-eu sentiment . 
  and he has also recently been on trial for saying he wanted fewer moroccans , which generated a lot of news . 
  he is seen as the main anti-establishment candidate . 
  he often does a little worse in real elections than in the polls though . 
  but this time every party has excluded him , which may have the effect of people voting for him as the underdog . 
  and vvd ( liberal ) and pvda ( social democrats ) are the largest parties now , but they are in a very unpopular coalition together , otherwise one of those would likely have been the largest party . 
  i still would n't equate western society or values with just economic ones . 
  to me the ones that stand out is the development of philosophies that led to invidual freedom , gemeinschafft vs gesellschaft , rights for women , the sexual revolution , democratic institutions , multi-party democracies , freedom of speech and press , right to a fair trial , freedom of religion . 
  islamic societies have been well known as traders for a long time , they traveled all over africa and asia well before europeans did . 
  they were pretty globalised . 
  they 've always used interest , just called it by a different name , otherwise their societies would have collapses centuries ago . 
  if you want to be really nitpicky you could say that capitalism as we know it is a purely protestant invention ( t\u00f6nnies / weber ) , not representative of western culture in general . 
  and the gulf states became wealthy because of oil , the other arabic/muslim states are dirt poor . 
  singapore and hong kong were set up by the british and run by the british as trading hubs , so they were long established financial centers by the time of their independence ( and of course they did n't want to revert that ) . 
  china is still dirt poor , it 's just a large economy because of their huge population and because they cheat ( by having very unequal tariffs and severely restricting foreign investment , they are not capitalist * at all * ) . 
  i 'd say the only real `` western '' countries in asia are south korea and japan . 
  japan modernised really early . 
  tax on sugar ? 
  sure . 
  we have a tax on sodas and * fruit juice * . 
  seriously , beer is cheaper ( if you buy store brand ) . 
  it 's mighty convenient that a huge part of finns live close to that ferry . 
  i suspect that is the reason they founded helsinki at that precise spot . 
  wow , i had no idea about bladder cancer being linked to smoking . 
  not something that is widely known i think , most people associate it with lung cancer and heart disease . 
  i think the cost argument varies a lot by country : our pension funds are in trouble and have been cutting pensions for years now , they would collapse if people stopped smoking ( unless they found another way to make people liver shorter ) . 
  and they could have different health insurance between people who smoke and people who do n't smoke . 
  it 's why tobacco chewers are constantly spitting : nicotine is fairly toxic when swallowed . 
  only a little bit is absorbed by the lungs , which makes it `` safe '' to smoke compared to getting any in the stomach . 
  in times when it was popular you had bowls around the house/pub for spitting . 
  some of the nicotine is absorbed through the mouth . 
  same with chewing kaf , as they do in somalia and such . 
  our pension funds are already short on cash , if people stop smoking old people will get even more pension cuts than they already had . 
  i do n't know , i 'd rather have a nice time than do sports . 
  i absolutely hate sports of any kind ( also watching them ) . 
  i 'm ok with living a few years shorter . 
  and the ferry to talinn . 
  hm , i do n't feel that just capitalism means western , in my opinion it should include liberal * democracy * and human rights , and a civil society where people can lobby for their rights . 
  sort of the opposite of china and nearly all of the middle-east , africa , asia . 
  they are part of the western world , in the sense that that means european culture . 
  or are latin countries not western ? 
  and singapore and hk were already the major economics hubs from when they were run by the britihs . 
  their economies are western because they were set up that way by westerners . 
  women ca n't even go anywhere without being escorted by their father/husband . 
  they are the farthest from liberal that you can get . 
  is there any country outside the western world that adopted gay marriage ? 
  there is no threshhold , except the amount of votes needed to get 1 out of 150 seats . 
  edit : as you can see , it will be very hard to form a coalition of 76/150 seats . 
  it 's perfectly possible there are all kinds of minor parties chipping away seats .
