  seriously , a majority government with 37 % of the votes ? 
  i can no longer take britain seriously unless they reform their fptp system , or until they bring clarkson back . 
  yeah , might represent the situation in greece . 
  i 'm actually less concerned about the methods of voting , than about the quality of politicians we can vote for . 
  greece has had some bad luck with this , moreso than other countries . 
  ah , we do n't elect our mayors , they are appointed . 
  i would assume that people can only elect local politicians of their primary residence . 
  i never had to join anything , you just need to be 18 + and have an adress and you 'll get the invitation to vote . 
  you also need an id to vote , but other than that no personal effort is required . 
  in the netherlands you get a card in the mail that invites you to vote and lists the nearest polling station . 
  for me it 's always been within walking distance . 
  it 's still a barrier to voting . 
  people should be able to vote near where they live without having to jump through hoops . 
  i have absolutely no idea , i do n't use any social media really . 
  i do n't understand twitter . 
  i 'm too old . 
  i dont particularly care about that , but it might upset some of the suits in europe . 
  might not be a good idea if you need to negotiate with the same people in the future . 
  yeah , we have nice beers here , though quite a few are from belgium . 
  there are even two trappist breweries in the netherlands : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/trappist_beer there is also hoegaarden witbier ( or gulpener witbier ) , these are wonderful . 
  and then there is la chouffe which is from belgium i think . 
  yeah , and thanks for funding our defense through nato !, 
  allows us to save a little monies . 
  yeah , it may not be 100 % efficient but it 's much better than nothing . 
  and one of the reasons they are doing it is for publicity , to let the world see what is happening in greece , which they have achieved here . 
  i would guess most people there have air conditioning which makes it livable as long as you are inside . 
  there 's a heatwave now in the netherlands and almost no one has ac so it 's pretty rough . 
  even the roads are melting because they are not made for tropical weather . 
  i do n't think i 'd like arizona much , i like humid weather because i 'm used to that . 
  the rain takes all the crap out of the air which is nice for people with allergies . 
  for 4 seasons ukraine would probably be nice , very warm in summer and very cold in winter . 
  or austria . 
  winter in the netherlands is n't much , it usually does n't snow but there can be a lot of clouds and rain , and nights are very long . 
  if the us and eu and some arab states decide to intervene in syria without the blessing of russia , what would really happen ? 
  bad relations with russia ? 
  that 's already the case now . 
  the un was n't able to prevent the ukrainian crisis either , russians not budging on crimea at all . 
  or georgia , no one gives a shit about that one anymore . 
  i guess that 's the difference , dutch people are just ruder and will say shit regardless of what other people think . 
  well , with the voting system the number of voters does n't really matter . 
  look at how the conservatives are now in power with only 37 % of the voters or somewhere around that . 
  yeah , they need to do away with the security council altogether since there is always someone blocking everything . 
  and the countries you mentioned were n't fixed at all , they were bombed and then left to be ruled by a bunch of crazy people . 
  you 'd think the other parties want to fix this , so ukip has one less talking point . 
  yeah , but the ottoman empire was bound to fall some day . 
  it 's like with yugoslavia , when it was ruled by dictator tito there was no conflict , they saved it all up for when he was dead . 
  same with the ottomans . 
  they should have cut up iraq , and probably libya too . 
  and they messed up iran , although there was a chance that the revolution would not have been hijacked by islamic fundies , sadly it was . 
  sounds similar to the netherlands , except that there has been a very strong anti-immigration stance among the population since the late 90s and early 200s . 
  then the uk can stop this by adopting the same rules as france , so refugees no longer want to go there . 
  the middle-east has been unstable for a very long time , it 's just that the dictators are now failing so the crazies can rise up . 
  the sunni and shia leaders are trying to screw each other all the time . 
  i 'm not ignoring history , i know they were more advanced than europe during the middle ages . 
  the europeans and others are obviously not blameless in all this , one of the main reasons for the strife are the weird borders and the history of colonialism . 
  i agree that there should be some sort of marshall plan for some of the places in the middle-east . 
  but first the world population needs to destroy isis . 
  strange there is n't a strong anti-immigration current like in most other countries . 
  it is not sarcasm . 
  it may have led to sectarian and ethnic conflict * sooner * than if there was no invasion , but some day the saddam government would have fallen and the same would have happened because iraq is not a feasible country . 
  same with syria , it just had to happen some day , sic semper tyrannis . 
  the religious conflict goes back all the way to the 7th or 8th century when imam hussein was killed and the sunni and shia people started to hate each other . 
  the iraqi government also oppressed the kurds in a pretty awful way . 
  the root of the conflicts have been there for decades or even centuries . 
  and even if they hate the us or the british , that 's no reason to create an islamic state . 
  you can be against them for whatever reason without having to go full-on fundie . 
  the syrian war has been going on for years , the international community should step in and fix it . 
  doing nothing just provided a power vacuum where isis could grow . 
  but it would only be fair if they took in a bunch of the poor immigrants too . 
  it is a global problem , ca n't let the eu fix everything . 
  there should be a worldwide fix , otherwise we 'll just see more people drowning and sitting in refugee camps/asylum centers forever . 
  it sounds to me it is more like belgium now , a turkish region and a greek region . 
  after what has happed it seems it is easier to run as two countries , or perhaps two countries as a federation similar to belgium . 
  do n't the communities have their own language , and often their own religion ? 
  why would anyone want a unification then ? 
  it seems the people are divided by culture and language , so they are in essence two different nation states . 
  well , doing it half-assed like it is now is not a solution either . 
  why ? 
  i 'm not wrong , i 'm just an asshole . 
  of course that 6-step plan is rubbish , but as long as the middle-east is unstable refugees will keep coming . 
  the international community needs to put a stop to it , topple assad and destroy isis . 
  there are millions of people in refugee camps , we already know we are not going to take them all in so might as well end the reason for their flight . 
  i know this sounds awful because it was the same excuse used for colonialism , but they ca n't govern themselves . 
  pretty much everywhere in the middle-east it 's a shithole . 
  and military intervention can be a good thing in some cases . 
  and then what ? 
  if they never say where they are from you can not send them back . 
  how is saxon not proper german ? 
  if it is in a region where saxon is the local language , the other people there should learn their dialect , not the other way around . 
  any idea why the swedes do this ? 
  in most other countries the population is pretty much anti-immigration but somehow sweden is the exception . 
  a lot of those are refugees that turn into economic immigrants . 
  look at all the people at the channel tunnel , they are already in france ( which is safe ) and they likely crossed a bunch of other countries to get there , and now for some reason they * must * go to britain . 
  they are supposed to apply for refugee status in the first safe country they enter . 
  i think it 's very possible , it 's just that it would be a huge war and no one wants to send a ton of troops there . 
  what does the invasion of iraq have to do with this ? 
  that 's over 10 years ago . 
  it 's not our fault middle-easterners turned every country there to a shithole . 
  well , it is sort of unfair to let all refugees go to the eu . 
  send some to the us , russia , japan etcera .
