  but imam hussein was murdered over a thousand years ago !, 
  i think the middle-east is far too religious for that . 
  unless they develop a secular society i do n't see peace happening . 
  also , they need to cut up some of their multi-ethnic , multi-religious and tribal lands so that the borders make sense . 
  how pharmacies operate differs by country as each country has their own healthcare system . 
  also , would n't it be easier if you finished your studies in the country you want to work at ? 
  i 'm not sure how well diplomas convert to other countries , especially for highly specific work in the healthcare sector . 
  and your languages will only be of help in the countries where they speak them , obviously . 
  if you want a pharmacy job in germany you would need to learn german . 
  sadly , the places where they speak portuguese and spanish are in an economic hellhole right now . 
  with french , you could also consider ( aside from france ) the french areas of belgium or switzerland . 
  if you get your portuguese citizenship you may get the reduced tuition even if you study in another country than portugal . 
  for example , in the netherlands tuition for university is around 1800 ( i think ) for eu citizens , but could be over 10k for foreigners . 
  in many places in europe there are no really dangerous animals . 
  in the netherlands bears and wolves and lions are pretty much extinct , although there have been a few wolf sightings . 
  those fields of flowers are mostly in one area of the country , i 've seen that maybe once or twice . 
  i have no windmills or flowers :( i do have beer and weed though , i think those things are more dutch than the windmills and flowers . 
  strange to have a medical school in a place that is almost unpopulated . 
  why would anyone go there instead of a us medical school apart from the weather ? 
  is it just for rich kids who want to study in a tropical environment ? 
  i 'm in the netherlands and aside from what you hear on the news , it is business as usual here . 
  i 'm more worried about the weather than about terrorists . 
  forecast for next week is 6-7c during the day , possibly frost at night . 
  there may even be people who speak both types of galician . 
  greater moravia can into yurop !, 
  they also have the problem of having tiny populations . 
  the islands are often very spread out over a huge area as well . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kingdom_of_the_netherlands#countries i do n't think it 's feasible to have good universities with such a small population . 
  one of the islands has fewer than 2000 people . 
  a lot of the legal system is also run by dutch judges and legal people . 
  some of these islands are overseas territories of the state of the netherlands , others are constituent countries within the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  over 98 % of the people does not live in the caribbean though . 
  i think the main problem is that generally high schools are not going to sponsor a foreigner 's work visa . 
  they probably do n't even have any budget to do so . 
  maybe some international schools for children of expats that want a math teacher that really speaks english as well . 
  oh , there is also the daft treaty that allows american citizens to stay in the netherlands if they are freelancers . 
  i do n't know how feasible it is to set up freelance math lessons though . 
  the treaty would still not allow you to work for an employer i think . 
  that will upset the peasants in the remote provinces . 
  i do n't think people in north/west europe believe turkey is a wealthy country . 
  that 's quite an obstacle . 
  btw , i feel that russia is more part of europe than turkey . 
  only thing dividing us from them is putin . 
  in the netherlands we also learn french in school , but i do n't think most people can say more than their name or other very simple phrases . 
  the netherlands !, 
  from a language perspective ? 
  russian is an indo-european language so is related to almost all languages spoken in europe . 
  it is not less european than greek or french are . 
  those are just the native speakers . 
  there are many people who speak english , german , french or russian as a second or third language . 
  i think they just counted the european bits because otherwise the amount of russian speakers would be much larger ( 150 native , 200 + if you count second language speakers ) . 
  the problem is that in countries like spain , france and germany minority languages and dialects are abandoned in favour of the national language . 
  the same is happening in the netherlands , far fewer people speak dialects or regional languages than in the past . 
  i pretty much only speak standard dutch . 
  now whether people think that is important enough to secede is n't for me to say . 
  also , many people in the provinces of limburg or groningen feel that their regions are neglected by the national government . 
  there was recently controversy about the language education limbur , the idea that even just the city of amsterdam gets 500x the amount of funding for culture compared to provinces like limburg , the people in groningen are having earthquakes because of natural gas extraction and the list goes on . 
  i really agree with you on the language part . 
  i do n't think that the poorer countries such as romania are looking for labour people from for example poland move to germany , the netherlands and belgium for work because the pay is better and do work that the locals do n't want to do anymore ( factories , harvesting and such ) . 
  it is n't hard to travel between schengen at all , but we do n't see some mass movement of people because what use is to go to a country without money to be homeless among people whose language you do n't speak ? 
  people can live and work in countries as long as they have a job , if they want unemployment benefits they will only get them if they are citizens . 
  it sounds much cheaper than it is here . 
  eating out is ridiculously expensive in the netherlands . 
  if a human has to handle your food , it 'll cost you . 
  supermarket food is fairly cheap though . 
  every student i know learned to cook for themselves because they sort of had to when living on their own . 
  would n't it generally be cheaper to cook for yourself ? 
  i almost never ate out when i was a student because my own food was so much cheaper . 
  in europe caucasian usually means people from the caucasus , not generic white people . 
  a hint to the ethnicity of white europeans is usually their name and their language . 
  and estonia is already a very multi-ethnic country . 
  a huge part of their population is russian and not ethnic estonian . 
  i do n't think many refugees will be going to estonia though . 
  that is sort of out of his way since he 'll be going to europe . 
  there is also a viking museum in hedeby which is in germany but near the border with denmark . 
  never been there though . 
  hedeby was one of the larger viking towns . 
  a small part of it may be explained by the fact that there are russian and polish minorities . 
  learning a new alphabet is n't actually that hard . 
  russian grammar is hard though . 
  i 'm not lithuanian but dutch , and everyone has at minimum three foreign languages at school ( english , german , french ) and possibly more . 
  i think english started when i was 8 or so , but it started very slowly . 
  many people claim to speak english in the netherlands , but if you want to make non-expat friends you 'll often need to speak dutch . 
  i have n't spent much time in amsterdam myself but this wikivoyage article has a lot of information : https://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/amsterdam bars and restaurants are in the seperate articles for the districts . 
  take note that coffeeshop means something else in the netherlands ( it 's a pot store ) . 
  i heard that copenhagen in denmark was actually the cycle capital of the world and some place in the netherlands was number two ( i think it was groningen ? ) . 
  utrecht is a nice place where cycling would be more practical than a car . 
  it is also the central hub for trains so you could travel to other parts easily , and it is not that far from schiphol airport . 
  the city center is pretty expensive though . 
  and get a good lock for your bicycle so you can lock it onto something ( drunk people often throw bikes in the canals ) . 
  the weather in the netherlands is somewhat comparable to england i think . 
  quite a bit of rain , but usually not too cold . 
  high humidity . 
  i read that schultenbr\u00e4u was the most popular beer to buy retail ( not bars ) , and oettinger had the same position in germany . 
  but there is much less information than you 'd expect . 
  i suspect they sell schultenbr\u00e4u at a loss . 
  there is 5 euro alcohol tax and they sell a crate for 6,80 or something . 
  no way they make a profit on that . 
  is that nation-wide , or just for your retailer ? 
  lidl and aldi are huge retailers and they mostly sell one brand ( oettinger for lidl , and schultenbr\u00e4u for aldi ) .
