  an example is vladimir putin : vladimir vladimirovich putin , meaning vladimir , son of vladimir , family name putin . 
  i think that is common in other languages as well . 
  galileo galilei for example , or eise eisinga ( both were astronomers ) . 
  [ jeremy clarkson seems to have an opinion on the free world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40xspbwmtba ), 
  if they do n't speak proper dutch , it 's a foreign country to me . 
  oh wait , that would exclude a lot of places in the netherlands :(, 
  well , he leads the executive branch of government , so he is our ceo , 
  wait till you see how he sometimes arrives at work . 
  [ bicycle of course ] ( http://bogue.nl/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/rutte-op-de-fiets.jpg ), 
  denmark is n't actually that cold . 
  it is very low-lying and next to the sea . 
  i 'm in the netherlands ( similar landscape , and not far from denmark ) and it 's 30c today . 
  for one , the netherlands is much farther north than la , which means we get a lot more hours of sunlight during summer . 
  there are only a few hours of night . 
  no thanks , i 'd rather die normally in my sleep instead of being roasted to death . 
  does n't greece have way more snow than the netherlands ? 
  they have mountains . 
  not sure if serious , but it 's just sea level rise , not actually bits of land moving a lot . 
  that bit just happens to look like denmark , but it 's under the sea now . 
  time team had an interesting episode on this , [ britain 's drowned world ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p9wqj6qx2i ) . 
  the area between britain/denmark/netherlands / france was a river delta with people living there , and large mammals such as elephants and lions . 
  it 's mostly just sea level rise . 
  that 's not denmark , that 's a bit of dogger bank or something that 10kya looked vaguely denmark-shaped . 
  time team did an episode on doggerland some years ago , it 's on youtube . 
  `` britain 's drowned world '' ( of course claiming it for britain ) . 
  it was supposedly a river delta between britain and the mainland . 
  it was just a phrase from the sopranos , 
  that shit was real ? 
  i saw that movie , i thought it was bullshit . 
  then she won in the wrong places . 
  the system with electors is silly , and the regional representation , but then they should campaign to change that . 
  first past the post is really old-fashioned and usually results in two parties , and it discourages people from voting . 
  but nobody is talking about that . 
  that 's why they should have picked someone else . 
  if you ca n't even beat someone who is a buffoon , and has no political experience at all , and has insulted about every sector of society , then you were one of the worst candidates ever . 
  she probably knows what she is doing , but that 's not enough to win a popular vote . 
  and whatever you can say about trump , at least he is funny and interesting to listen to . 
  it 's 80 % nonsense , but it 's not boring . 
  and some of the media are absolutely obsessed with him . 
  for the last i always see them talking about trump when i click past cnn . 
  one of the worst terror attack in britain ever , aimed at kids ? 
  `` meh , let 's see what trump is doing . 
  and we got some talking heads on speed dial , let 's hear if they know what trump is doing . '', 
  i think it would help if there was as stronger focus on the parties , instead of the individuals . 
  i think i know more of the trump and clinton families than of the relatives of our politicians . 
  i really could n't name a single wife or kid of any of them . 
  yes , but that is because the eu needs treat other eu people at least as good as its own citizens , so to charge them more money , they would need to charge their own people more as well . 
  i ca n't imagine that the language would be such a problem . 
  danish is n't a very hard language for people from germanic countries , and i imagine many foreign students will come from other scandi countries , so they more or less speak the same language . 
  germany does it a bit better in this regard , for many courses you need to prove you can speak german before you can start . 
  it was the same in the netherlands when applying for dutch courses ( most bachelors ) , you could do a crash course in the summer and you needed to take a test . 
  oh , i thought that non-eu people had to pay the international tuition fee . 
  that 's how it is in the netherlands . 
  makes sense i think : the government should represent its own citizens . 
  it 's america first , but the netherlands second !, 
  a silly term for dutch person . 
  i 've seen it on reddit a few times . 
  the netherlands is essentially a flat , low-lying swamp , or at least before the canals and polder stuff . 
  i feel she does n't have the charisma of someone like obama or raegan or bill clinton . 
  those people were good speakers and came across as sympathetic , and they were funny . 
  it probably made it worse . 
  his supporters do n't care , they eat this shit up . 
  and of any criticism they can say `` you see , everyone is against trump , they are trying to make him look bad again , blahblah '' . 
  there is a lot of victim mentality that you see in conspiracy theories : `` everyone is against us , so we double down on the insanity '' . 
  did you hear the one about godfather trump ? 
  he made them an offer they could n't understand . 
  they really could n't find a more popular democrat in a country of 350 million people ? 
  a lot of academic textbooks are simply not available in dutch , so a large part of it will already be in english . 
  if they ca n't find a job they 'll have to leave , so the only thing they did is pay some outrageous tuition for a few years , and spend money on the local economy . 
  non-eu citizens actually pay the full tuition , so they are n't losing money on them . 
  quite the opposite i think . 
  i know that a lof of the researches and foreign professors did n't speak dutch at all , and the university wants to attract good researchers , and get their stuff published in english language publications . 
  also , a many of the workplaces where skilled expats work , at least here in the netherlands , are english-speaking anyway . 
  i do feel people should learn the language if they live here long-term , and i think it 's quite rude that many expats put in zero effort and just expect everyone to speak english to them . 
  no , not dead . 
  most languages in the world are not used for scientific purposes as most languages ( in number ) are only used informally by native speakers . 
  also , acadamic language is a learned register and different from the average native speaker . 
  native speakers are generally held to speak their native language perfectly by default , so as long as there are native speakers the language is n't dead ( even if there is no academic register anymore ) . 
  when i was a kid they only dubbed shows for kids too young to read . 
  but most cartoons were subbed when i grew up in the 80s and early 90s . 
  the books are already expensive . 
  especially those used by a very small number students . 
  it would be very expensive , and useless as they will have to publish papers in english anway if they want to be read by the scientific community . 
  a lot of the academic learning material is n'tavailable in dutch anyway . 
  from the first year of college most books were in english . 
  atlantis was n't in the past , it 's in the future . 
  but the populations in for example finland are pretty much clustered around helsinki . 
  they do n't really need to patrol all the empty land . 
  it also helps that people in those countries spend much more time indoors than in the mediterranean for example . 
  this was food production , they were making canned food . 
  it could have been an older video of course , it was on one of those type of ` how do they do it ' shows . 
  are you telling me academics in britain do n't get shitfaced ? 
  i thought that was the norm . 
  i remember seeing videos of spanish factories , and was surprised at how many people there were , doing stuff that could easily be done by a machine . 
  i think one thing that made the netherlands move towards more automated factories is that the cost of labour is ridiculously high . 
  i think that is in part that way because a two-party system ( which it is in practice ) makes people vote for one party because they dislike the other one . 
  they do n't have a lot of choice really . 
  the system in the us is pretty much the opposite of here in the netherlands , where proportional represention has lead to 13 parties having representation in the dutch parliament . 
  and very few people are members of a political pary , and many change parties more often than they change their underwear . 
  the pvda ( social democrats ) were often the largest party since ww2 , but in the latest election they went from 40/150 seats to 9 . https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_representatives_ ( netherlands ) in the sidebar you can see the list of parties , they are running out of colours to represent them .
