  the right just wants to get rid of them without it costing too much money ( we 'll never see most if it back anyway ) . 
  yeah , as usual with a crisis like this many people and countries were only ever wealthy on paper and the money was never actually there . 
  but now there is this dilemma : if we stop sending them money , then we are sure the money is gone because we issued guarantees for 18 billion ( just the netherlands alone ) . 
  if we want to have a small chance of getting the money back we need to send them more ( 5 billion last month ) , but obviously that means we are just that much deeper into the rabbit hole , 23 billion now . 
  and a few months from now the same circus will start again . 
  the right wing really wants out of it because it 's going nowhere . 
  the populist right wingers even want to leave the euro and the eu , or have greece leave . 
  but the money is probably gone either way , i think everyone knows it but the politicians just keep mucking about so that the whole thing does n't fall through on their watch . 
  our pm made an election promise that there would n't be any more money for greece but he had to admit he broke the promise . 
  ah , that 's a very different perspective from the right here . 
  their perspective is basically `` greece , where 's the fucking money ? '' . 
  we are somewhere around 20 billion in the hole already and nobody believes we 'll get it back ( technically they are guarantees , but if greece does n't recover it 'll be gone ) . 
  perhaps it 's different because the uk is n't losing a shit ton of money on it , but i think in the netherlands everyone saw it coming for years . 
  it 's a neverending story , always sending money but not enough to actually solve the whole thing . 
  here the leftists seem to have more sympathy for the greeks . 
  well , their voting system is ridiculous so they are not wrong there . 
  the current `` majority '' government is a single party with just 37 % of the votes . 
  the majority of people did not want the conservatives and yet here they are . 
  if they had proportional representation at least the government would represent 50 % + of the voters . 
  what , the left is more against greece than the right ? 
  i feel that in the netherlands it is the complete opposite . 
  but then they left before there was a stable government . 
  what needs to be done is what was done in germany and japan : occupation until the people are back on the right track again . 
  not just bombing the place and hoping things will work out . 
  they ca n't have democracy if they 'll vote for shitty islamists like in egypt . 
  well , is n't removing assad essential for peace ? 
  as long as either the assad regime or the isis people exist there will be trouble there . 
  i think there were already many anti-eu feelings long before the whole greece thing . 
  people never got to vote to join the eu , i never even realised i was living in the eu when i was young until they started talking about introducing the euro currency . 
  both the netherlands and france voted no on the lisbon treaty which was before the economic crisis . 
  anti-russian sentiments are pretty strong in the netherlands , especially after the downing of mh17 and the shitty denials and propaganda from the russians . 
  the russians are also specifically targeting our exports with their sanctions , so small wonder people are starting to dislike them even more . 
  would n't it be more efficient to use drones instead of f35s ? 
  the f35 has already been extremely controversial in the netherlands for over 10 years because of the enormous cost . 
  it seems drones would be much cheaper and easier to launch from smaller ships . 
  with all the budget cuts on the military over the years i do n't think they would be able to afford any airplanes for the navy . 
  the netherlands ? 
  with what ? 
  it was a stretch even for britain at the time . 
  things could have gone the other way ( i still believe all of nato should just have declared war on argentina , just to make it clear that no one messes with territories of nato countries ) . 
  the netherlands has a good navy for its purposes but not for fighting a war against a country on the other side of the world . 
  the navy has no airplanes for example , just 8 helicopters . 
  no destroyers at all . 
  the entire dutch navy is much less than what was deployed by the british at the falklands . 
  there is no way ever that the netherlands could have even had a small chance there . 
  the navy does take part in international efforts to combat piracy near somalia for example , or to airlift people out of danger zones such as libya ( we lost a chopper there , seized by the libyan government under gadaffi ) . 
  i know that it makes sense for the us to want a federalized eu , and they 've been pushing for expanding the eu ( like turkey will ever be accepted ) , but it 's not a popular opinion in europe . 
  the eu as it is is already pretty much hated by large groups of people on both the left and the right ( mostly the right though ) . 
  politicians on the national level blame everything that 's impopular on the eu . 
  the british isles are `` not put into a region '' but there are some of the smaller islands of britain that are not even `` not put into a region '' !, 
  europe will be divided because it is not one country . 
  there is no `` europe '' . 
  i agree with what you said about responsibility . 
  the us should be able to defend it itself without relying on europe , and obviously european countries should try to do the same . 
  but for many of the smaller countries , there is n't much they could do against china . 
  their small populations ca n't sustain a blue water navy that can act on the other side of the world . 
  look at the falklands war , i 'm pretty sure that no other european country could have pulled that off besides the uk ( maaaaaybe france ? 
  i do n't think that is how europeans think of china at all . 
  they really do n't have a good reputation here . 
  i do n't think crimea in russian hands is acceptable to the eu , their politicians are terrified of any border changes . 
  that is something sacred to them and can only be achieved after a generation of negotiatons . 
  i do n't see how they can back out without losing face ( they talked themselves into a corner here ) . 
  i do n't see how ukraine can accept it either , especially not with all the hardliners . 
  for the seperatist areas , maybe they could negotiate autonony as part of a deal and be done with it , but it does n't seem to be going underway . 
  perhaps ukraine and russia need to be wrecked a bit more economically before they are willing to do that . 
  so sad , this trade war is costing everyone money in a time when we really do n't need more crap . 
  in the netherlands opinion is really against russia btw . 
  people are obviously very upset about that downed plane , and relations with russia had already soured well before that . 
  in a talkshow a contrarian guy says that he feels that it is not that strange that crimea is now part of russia ... gasp from the audience and dead silence . 
  would n't he lose a lot of popularity with the people if he just gave up crimea and stopped the seperatists ? 
  even with the shitty economy he has high approval ratings ( of course the government feeds everyone propaganda , but still ), 
  the end of such dictatorships is pretty much inevitable anyway . 
  what if saddam died ? 
  the country was fucked from the start . 
  attract all the extemists to one place ? 
  well , that 's convenient . 
  makes it easier to bomb them . 
  would n't it be much easier to just smuggle guns by car ? 
  border checks are pretty much gone anyway . 
  i feel the personal freedom of citizens is more important . 
  and 2 liters of hard liquor is n't actually that much , i know several people who drink far more than that but are perfectly normal people . 
  i think today most alcoholics here use beer and wine , out of preference and not because they ca n't get hard liquor . 
  here 's our national hard liquor : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/jenever the taste is somewhere between vodka and gin . 
  i know that if the french did n't sell military stuff to saudi arabia they would have just bought it somewhere else , but i do n't like how the west is propping up a dictatorship like that . 
  those people are barbarians . 
  join the glorious euro !, 
  we could use your money to help pay for shit . 
  individual muslims may be ok with sex outside of marriage but the scripture is very much against it as far as i know . 
  that is why i made the distinction between muslims and islam . 
  and yeah , european or western values are not easy to define . 
  i think i just spoke from my perspective as someone from the netherlands . 
  same-sex marriage , euthenasia , abortion are all things that are opposed mostly by religious people ( christians in most cases ) . 
  many if not most christians here support these things but by doing so they are clearly going against the bible . 
  the uk seems to have more fundies than other countries , or at least they are more visible . 
  why is a drone strike worse than bombs from an actual plane ? 
  i 'm pretty sure most people would want to defend the border in case another country invades . 
  that 's why countries have militaries . 
  i 'm sure many muslims are compatible with european or `` western '' values , but i do n't think islam is . 
  i do n't think you will find much support in scripture for same-sex marriage or sex outside of marriage . 
  always trust the murican to correct brits on what kind of gun it is .
