  does n't really work in a first past the post system with regional voting districts . 
  as mentioned above in this thread , even voting for the 2nd candidate ( republican ) is useless in california , because they will vote democrat anyway . 
  do you really believe that anyone would want to face a lifetime of discriminiation , as a choice ? 
  a swamp german is a dutch person  dutch is the english word for dutch people , deutsch is the german word for german , and duits is the dutch word for german . 
  the same thing . 
  the netherlands is essentially a river delta . 
  we live in a swamp . 
  people are respectful ? 
  the land is n't flat !, 
  we have hills and mountains !, 
  sort of . 
  the north remembers !, 
  my grandmother was from that province . 
  but i do n't see how also allowing marriage for same-sex couples destroys marriages of heterosexual people . 
  what harm does it do ? 
  i have a gay relative who is married , and his husband is completely accepted into the family . 
  they are both succesful businessmen and pay a lot of taxes . 
  they are not a detriment to society at all . 
  they contribute a lot more to society than i do . 
  i do n't see how they could be in any way responsible for the ailments of western civilisation . 
  straight marriages still exist . 
  the marriage of my parents is no way diminished just because they have a gay relative . 
  but people acting out psychopathy or pedophelia may harm people and so create victims . 
  but two consenting adults who want to have a same-sex marriage , who is their victim ? 
  in my view there is really no reason why they ca n't be together . 
  you need to use a lot of weird vowels and diphtongs , and everything will turn out allright , 
  yes , `` het '' is the definite article for a neuter noun , and `` de '' for masculine/feminine nouns ( in most dialects , those m/f have merged ) . 
  not really different from many other european languages . 
  and non-natives often get them wrong , but it 's not a huge problem , they are still understood . 
  there are only a few cases where the same word uses a different noun class to convey different meanings : `` de stof '' ( ` the stuff ' : as in learning material , stuff you learn in school ) , and `` het stof '' ( ` the dust ' , stuff on the floor ) . 
  dutch is n't some super hard language to learn for english speakers , or vice versa . 
  the grammar is fairly similar , and there are a lot of cognates and loanwords from other european languages that are similar . 
  such as restaurant or president . 
  i 'd say dutch is one of the easier languages for english speakers ( and vice versa ) . 
  it 's true : dutch is one of the languages that is very closely related to english , both being west germanic languages . 
  it 's just that learning a language to a decent level takes a lot of time . 
  but it 'll be far easier to learn dutch for an english speaker , than , say arabic or chinese . 
  you can learn dutch , it 's not really harder to learn than english . 
  then what is the solution ? 
  force gay people to become part of a nuclear family ? 
  that is just going to lead to a very unhappy marriage . 
  you are downvoted into oblivion , but i 'm genuinely curious what you think that the role of gay people is in society . 
  edit : i 'll come up with pre-emptive strike here : i think ( just my own speculation ) that it 's possible that having a certain part of the population being gay , so not having children , is useful to balance the amount of children versus adults needed to raise said children . 
  if you are hunter-gatherers , it might be useful to have a couple of adult men around who do n't need to raise their own children , but can help with raising their brother 's children for example . 
  homosexuality in humans is far more prevalent in men , the amount if children ( in the times before contraception ) was pretty much related to the amount of women , as they would get pregnant all the time . 
  i 'm also reminded of the pair of gay penguins who succesfully hatched an egg , essentially replacing the lost parents . 
  just to add : purple in this case meaning the purple government coalitions from the 90s , not the colour of this map . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/first_kok_cabinet `` paars 1 '' , meaning `` purple 1 '' , was the first cabinet led by wim kok , and it consisted of social democrats ( red ) , free-market liberals ( blue ) , and libdems ( green ) , and somehow they came up with the name `` purple '' . 
  the coalition was remarkable for not having any christian parties in it , and legalised a bunch of stuff : same-sex marriage , euthenasia and prostitution . 
  that 's a pretty low bar you set there  but hey !, 
  the netherlands beat finland here , our greatest rival . 
  catholicism is also our largest denomination , at least officially . 
  i know the feeling , we all live in some kind of bubble . 
  most germans i met were students who came to study in the netherlands , and they were all very progressive people , but of course they are not representative of germany as a whole . 
  but it 's still hopeful : if the current young generation has no problem with homosexuality or same-sex marriage , it is perhaps mostly the older ` cohort ' that is against it . 
  it may sound cynical , but if that 's the case , the problem will solve itself over time . 
  in the netherlands it 's 91 % , so that must mean it has very broad support among different generations as well . 
  most of the old people i know are also supportive of gay rights . 
  yes , andorra is missing . 
  turkey joining the eu is n't going to happen , they are essentially turning into a dictatorship . 
  they wo n't qualify . 
  and on top of that , they 've pretty much insulted and threatened everyone in europe , so that ship has sailed . 
  erdogan called us and the germans nazis , which is pretty much one of the worst insults , considering the war . 
  i doubt it . 
  i think english will remain important ( and still an official language of the eu : ireland and malta ) . 
  i think the eu has 23 official languages ( individual countries have more official and regional languages ) , and many things are done through translators . 
  the european anthem officially does n't have any lyrics , but it is the 9th symphony from beethoven , a german composer , and the lyrics associated with it are * ode an die freude/alle menschen werden br\u00fcder * , and are in german : [ alle menschen werden br\u00fcder ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5pqgz8xcgy ) . 
  ca n't get much more german than that . 
  german has the largest amount of first language speakers by quite a bit , so if anything german would become more important . 
  but many politicans already speak in their own language , even when adressing an international audience . 
  young people overwhelmingly learn english , so it 's not going to go away with a brexit . 
  and you can not really impose this from above : people will automatically use the language that both of them speak proficiently . 
  dutch and german are fairly similar , and everyone in the netherlands has german classes in school , but we still generally spoke english to german exchange students , but that was the language that on average we spoke best , as my german was n't great , and they did n't really know dutch . 
  the languages are quite similar , but not similar enough . 
  it changes the balance of power . 
  germany is the most populous country in both the eu and the eurozone , and is an economic powerhouse . 
  the german chancellor angela merkel has been called the most powerful person in europe . 
  france ( in the eurozone ) and the uk ( not in the eurozone ) are counterbalances . 
  although germany and france were so close at times that they had the ` merkozy ' meme , french president sarkozy and angela merkel . 
  the medium and smaller often align themselves with one of these on political issues , on a government level at least . 
  in the european parliament it is more aligned by political ideology , such as liberals from different countries being in the same faction in parliament . 
  but there would n't be a common cause , really . 
  would germans be willing to defend a bunch of dutch or british islands in the caribbean or latin america ? 
  falklands scenario ? 
  every country still has to fend for itself it wo n't be a superpower . 
  that requires global power projection . 
  that 's true of course . 
  but there might some people that hated the nazis more than they hated stalin . 
  of course it 's very much possible that at least 6 % of the population anywhere are idiots . 
  however , my grandfather was in a pow camp in poland and was freed by the red army . 
  he did n't like stalin , as he was fairly right-wing liberal and did n't like socialism , but i can see how such a major event might change your views . 
  of course stalin did horrible stuff to poland , such as the katyn massacre and the molotov-ribbentop pact , and was pretty much an asshole all around . 
  but nobody is going to invade russia !, 
  nato is defensive in nature , and the eu does n't have a great deal of military cooperation at all . 
  it 's really the result of the western armies and the red army meeting in eastern germany at the end of ww2 . 
  and not leaving . 
  well , i think both gorbatsjev and yelstin deserve credit for not letting the breakup of the soviet union turn into a civil war . 
  the economy tanked in the 90s , but the breakup was actually remarkably peaceful compared to other stuff ( the breakup of the austro-hungarian empire for example , leading to ww1 and ww2 ) . 
  and if by weaker you mean militarily , only just slightly . 
  absolutely nobody is going to invade russia .
