  i 'm not sure it is really pat\u00e9 , it is mostly ground raw beef . 
  this dutch wikipedia article has a picture of filet americain on bread : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/filet_americain i do n't think it 's really american, 
  warm alcohol is absorbed faster . 
  they are both an ethnicity and a nationality . 
  someone posted a complete translation above this . 
  but they recovered !, 
  they were utterly defeated and now they are the greatest country in the world , so there 's no need for tears . 
  originally it meant people the greeks could n't understand , people with another language , the foreign language sounded like bar-bar-bar to them , so they called them barbarians . 
  in a similar way slavic peoples call germans niemcy or nemcy , it means ` mumblers ' , because they could n't understand them . 
  so in a way that term is very similar to wallon . 
  even long ago people seemed to recognise whether a language was close to their own or not , and classify different peoples by that standard . 
  it 's interesting how peoples and countries are named . 
  allemagne comes from the allemanni tribe , which just means ` all men ' . 
  germans is what they were named by the romans , the finnish call them saxons , and in germanic languages they are called a variety of deutsch/duits/tysk , which basically means ` the people ' . 
  belgian dutch as well . 
  they often subtitle belgians on dutch tv . 
  it 's of course debatable what a nation-state is , but when you have a ridiculously complex government because of language issues i think you do n't qualify to be one . 
  funny thing : when a belgian calls someone a waal/wallon they are calling their countrymen foreigner , because that is what the word originally meant . 
  at least they are more or less nation-states with their own language . 
  where are these belgae people you speak of ? 
  have n't been seen for well over a millennium . 
  yeah , they rebelled , but they knew how to phrase it . 
  there are probably still a few nutcases who believe in things like that , every country has such people . 
  the spanish king abandoned us , not the other way around . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/act_of_abjuration see ? 
  their oaths to the king were no longer valid because they said so themselves . 
  they 'll be waiting a very long time . 
  in the netherlands there is even a referendum organised by people who want to block further cooperation with ukraine and it looks like the no people are in the lead . 
  the whole thing is just so typical of the eu . 
  first take some high moral position , and then act all surprised when the rest of the world does n't give a shit . 
  but do n't do anything about it of course , that would mean actual work . 
  they can keep complaining about crimea but if you do n't want to actually interfere , might as well shut up about it . 
  an artificial country created by rebels . 
  oh , i agree that the russian leaders are very rational , i was referring more to that they chance the facts to fit their narrative . 
  such as claiming to not be involved in ukraine at first with those ` green men ' when it 's obvious to everyone what is happening . 
  the eu messed up by getting too involved in ukraine , and then being too weak or lazy to actually interfere when things got out of hand . 
  they should have either not spoken up , or go in 100 % . 
  ah yes , that 's true . 
  i do n't have a problem with them calling themselves macedonia btw , but the case is different from luxembourg in that they are ressurrecting a very old name for the country , while luxembourg has been a state since forever . 
  in soviet russia , facts and reality are peripheral . 
  it 's no secret that putin really regrets the fall of the soviet union . 
  i do n't think anything is going to happen over there , but i can understand that people in the baltics are wary of russia . 
  after all , they were not independent for a very long time . 
  i 'm still wondering why there are no dutch restaurants in the world . 
  there italian restaurants , chinese restaurants , greek restaurants ... but no dutch restaurants . 
  i still feel they should just call it the saxon islands . 
  oh wait , that might upset the continental saxons . 
  but those areas of luxembourg outside of the country were once part of a greater luxembourg . 
  they did n't just come up with a name unrelated to the region . 
  they speak english in what ? 
  i would vote for that candidate . 
  bring our colonial brothers back into the fold !, 
  we need another one for france as well as they no longer speak a frankish language . 
  the republic of formerly roman gaul . 
  they have moved on . 
  macedonia is n't going to invade because of some crazy nationalists . 
  every country has irredentist idiots : there 's ideas for a greater netherlands , greater albania , greater yugoslavia and many other countries . 
  the greeks also have some of these crazy ideas : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/megali_idea, 
  the original bulgarians were n't slavs either . 
  shall we just call bulgaria east slavia or something , and macedonia west east slavia ? 
  apart from you and nationalistic greeks everyone calls it macedonia . 
  yeah , estonia would probably be a better example . 
  at least they already have a russian minority to use as an excuse . 
  we are the true potato people . 
  our staple foods are cooked potatoes , baked potatoes , deep-fried potatoes , and mashed potatoes . 
  the weed and tulips are just for business . 
  yes , part of it is that most people know someone who lived through ww2 . 
  i 'll give a more detailed response tomorrow as it 's getting late today , and i 've had more than the optimum amount of beers to be able to give a decent response  but yes , the 30 years war had a massively bigger body count as part of the population . 
  the soviets had huge losses during ww2 too btw , they lost 1/6 of their population which is a massive amount . 
  in the netherlands it was between 2-3 % in ww2 i think , which is still a lot of people . 
  many others suffered from famine or from pow camps or even death camps , also in indonesia . 
  generally , they do n't teach a lot of it . 
  most of history class is about world war 2 , and a large part of literature class as well . 
  judging from your posts here you know far more about this time period of dutch history than the average dutch person . 
  i doubt the average person knows about the austrian habsburgers . 
  ww2 is the main event of modern dutch history , everything else stands in the shadow of what happened in those years . 
  it is the national trauma . 
  yup , spain went to the bourbons and was no longer habsburg but the southern part of the netherlands still belonged to the habsburgers . 
  you are right about that though , the spanish netherlands always belonged to the habsburgers . 
  there is a time though when the place belonged to spanish habsburgers , and a time when it belonged to austrian habsburgers . 
  yes , his son ruled spain and the emperor title went to the austrian habsburgers . 
  but after the loss of the ( northern ) netherlands in 1648 , there was the question of the spanish succession around 1700 , which led to the war of spanish succession . 
  in the aftermath of that the area of roughly belgium + luxembourg were austrian possessions until the french revolution , when revolutionary france roflstomped the austrians and in the aftermath of napoleon 's defeat the austrian netherlands were merged with the new kingdom of the netherlands , which fell apart not long after into the netherlands ( + luxembourg ) and the new country of belgium . 
  luxembourg later became independent as well because of salic succession laws , meaning women could not inherit the throne of luxembourg . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/austrian_netherlands https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_the_spanish_succession, 
  germany 's got experience with losing wars . 
  the netherlands is also potato land , do n't take that away from us :(, 
  but the southern bits ( roughly belgium ) remained in habsburg possession for a bit longer , and were later called the austrian netherlands as the lands went to the austrian habsburgers rather than the spanish ones . 
  yes , but at least there is hope for those societies . 
  we would n't have things such as women 's rights , same-sex marriage and abortion if the country was still run by religious crazies . 
  and people can certainly get violent because of their religion , just look at isis . 
  they are religious crusaders in a sense . 
  i think in the case of ethnic cleansing the international community should just put their foot down . 
  it 's not like a bunch of rebels and isis fundies are a match for nato or the other militaries from the region . 
  well , there is the slight hope that after a few generations people will stop believing in medieval ideologies and eventually progress to democracy ( which wo n't work if the majority of the population are fanatics , they will just vote for the muslim brotherhood or other fundies ) . 
  europe was once like this and it led to major wars such as the eighty years war and the tail end of that , the thirty years war that killed well over 1/3 of the population in northern germany . 
  later napoleon largely destroyed the power of the pope . 
  a society needs to get rid of the more crazy elements to get ahead . 
  i do n't think letting it fester is making it better . 
  the international community should have nipped the syria thing in the bud , same with yemen .
