  his son ( the future king willem ii ) fought at waterloo and was wounded at that spot where the mound now is . 
  after napoleon 's defeat there was a long time of relative peace . 
  the great powers wanted the independence of the medium-sized countries as a buffer , which is why the alles sponsored the creation of the kingdom of the netherlands for example . 
  the congress of vienna is a very important event : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/congress_of_vienna, 
  it feels very much like the older history of rome , where people like caesar get their `` legitimacy '' ( or power ) from the support of their legions . 
  actually , we do remember a few names of caesar 's soldiers because he wrote about some of them . 
  but yours is slevig holsteen . 
  they use steen instead of stein in that region ? 
  i think they do n't use family names in iceland , just patronymics . 
  my car does n't run on good intentions . 
  i still agree with you though , it is ridiculous what shitholes like ksa get away with . 
  i got that from the article , it was hard to miss because they repeated it in every paragraph . 
  what i do n't get is what this has to do with a male blogger who is being oppressed . 
  not sure why this article keeps repeating the mantra `` feminist approach '' . 
  badawi is a dude oppressed by other ( medieval ) dudes . 
  how is it mocking ? 
  are ww1 and ww2 memorials also mockery of germany and austria ? 
  and so they can oggle them and touch them and say `` my preciousss ... '', 
  no one would mind if you did celebrate austerlitz . 
  i think only the history buffs would even know about austerlitz , most people do n't . 
  and is n't the defeat of napoleon a major milestone in french history too ? 
  in the end it led to the modern french republic . 
  becoming like one country ? 
  somehow i think the citizens wo n't like that very much . 
  the eu is hated enough as it is . 
  `` natural '' 15 % unemployment ? 
  hmmmm ... 
  those are some of the more rational parties . 
  still , i do n't like most of the things they are saying . 
  they spend way to much time on unimportant things ( for most of the population ) , such as those 700 illegals . 
  no one cares if they just let them stay , does n't really affect anyone . 
  whatever you do , not worth talking about it for weeks . 
  on the other hand they are really behind with modernising the labour laws so you ca n't just ditch employees and take them back as zzper for less money . 
  people with old contracts are unable to be fired so they 'll just kick out some young person who is never going to get a steady full time contract anyway , they 'll just keep rotating people . 
  and they need to fix the tax system , they introduced the vermogensrendementsheffing with 4 % expected growth just before everything went to shit in 2000 , and then in 2009 . 
  now people pay more in tax than they get as interest , and that 's not even taking into account inflation . 
  they are not in the eurozone , i thought they were not part of whatever is going on to save greece . 
  i do n't think they learned anything . 
  on the other hand , the other political parties are also getting harder to take seriously . 
  last political crises were all stuff no one cared about only the politicians . 
  i 'm not sure they even believe it themselves . 
  it 's just an empty space in the political landscape . 
  sad part is , was there anyone who did n't see that coming ? 
  the dutch wiki is still a good one , and is one of the largests , but the english one usually has more and also more sources . 
  yes , the english version of wikipedia is much larger than the others , has more users , and definately shows more sources than the dutch one . 
  in most cases the english article is much longer than the dutch one , except for topics specific to the netherlands . 
  world war 2 was also in quite a few of the searches . 
  just saying . 
  i love our neighbour duitsland , a good source for slightly cheaper booze . 
  i agree that many parents show their kids what you might call unconditional love , but i still think i owe my parents something . 
  they have done so much for me , well beyond the call of duty . 
  you do n't go to europe for the food , when you go to europe you need to bring food with you . 
  she may be around when they are young , but it 's also nice to have your parents around when you are an adult . 
  germans have so many words for doing stuff , no wonder they are getting shit done . 
  i 'm not sure that is the case . 
  many people want children but it 's simply too expensive . 
  rent , healthcare , people are bleeding money out of their ass . 
  if we could raise living standards so people could raise a family on one income we would see a massive change . 
  because he knows he 'll be the one watching the kids when you and the mother are working . 
  i 'm not sure i understand , it changed to mind to have children or to not have children ? 
  this is anecdotal , but every young german i met was an atheist or some other type of non-religious . 
  i think there are also many people counted as for example roman catholic because they were baptised , but who are not believers anymore . 
  how is it unnatural ? 
  we are not slaves to our dna , in the past women were pregnant all the time and many died because of it . 
  maybe we 'll go extinct because fewer people take children , but we had a good run . 
  thanks for all the fish . 
  in reality they mostly buy government bonds from stable countries like the netherlands or germany , and have zero yield . 
  i do n't think there is too much population there . 
  the netherlands is a huge food exporter , it 's not lack of land . 
  we created the province of flevoland from the sea and almost no one lives there . 
  / r/raisedbynarcissists ( i was n't raised by narcissists at all , it 's just that this sub came to mind . 
  my parents were great . ), 
  `` i am not judging , but 17 may be too much '' in a few years she 'll be dead , fun for those children growing up without a mother . 
  is n't it a good thing that in many cases the mother does n't have to work ? 
  would n't you want your children to have your stuff when you are gone ? 
  i do n't want the government sifting through my parent 's stuff or mine when the end comes . 
  i think what you are measuring here is education : educated women have fewer children , and they also make more money . 
  i 'm pretty sure if germany abolished education for women they would have more children ( not a good idea btw ) . 
  that is all true , but you see it more within a country . 
  religious people in germany probably have more children than atheists . 
  and i do n't think germany is that religious , many people are baptised but are not particularly religious . 
  in the netherlands whenever there are people with four children or something , it 's almost always religious people . 
  / anecdotal, 
  `` liberated '' . 
  is that so ? 
  i thought they could apply in any country but once they do they ca n't claim asylum in another . 
  it does seem a bit suspect to arrive in f.e. 
  greece , and then wander all the way to britain or sweden just because living conditions are better there . 
  on the other hand , i do n't think we can let italy or greece deal with the problems and have the other countries just look the other way . 
  but it 's not illegal if they just go to britain and ask for asylum ? 
  you can ask in any of the eu countries . 
  if they stay after being rejected , then they are illegal immigrants . 
  i think it 's more important that britain is an island , if you have a land border it 's pretty much impossible to keep immigrants out regardless of what you do . 
  calais just makes it more visible , if they wanted to go to germany they could just wander past the border . 
  illegal immigrants are everywhere , the uk at least has the channel which is why they all gather there , to make the crossing . 
  if there was n't a channel they would just walk in as they could in the rest of the eu . 
  there are no border checks so anyone could wander from france to germany for example . 
  sweden is taking in a lot more immigrants per capita than britain btw . 
  religion also seems a major factor in such things . 
  somehow the amount of children , education and religion are strongly correllated .
