  others have mentioned that the debt is mostly owed to japanese citizens , which means it is less of a problem in a case of default ( missing payments ) , as it only affects their own citizens . 
  i think russia did a similar thing once , defaulting on payments on bonds owed to their own citizens , while making sure they paid their foreign bondholders . 
  japan could crawl out of their debt by imposing a hefty death tax ( since people get wealthier as they get older , a lot of bonds would be owned by older citizens ) . 
  they could also heavily tax wealth and take government bonds into account as ` wealth ' . 
  it 's never going to happen anyway . 
  interesting . 
  i also thought it meant throwing axe , but i 've also read it used as a general term for a throwing weapon like a pilum or javeling . 
  i 'm also not sure whether the weapon was named after the franks , or the franks were named after the weapon . 
  same with the saxons and the seax . 
  i 'm dutch so i speak a language descended from frankish , and today ` frank ' more or less means free , used in the expression ` frank en vrij ' , with both words meaning the same . 
  it is also used as a first name : frank or frans . 
  same with saskia , which is a feminine name supposed to mean saxon . 
  and the surname ` de vries ' is common , meaning a frisian person . 
  i find it very interesting that you can still see these ancient tribal affiliations today . 
  standard dutch comes from frankish , while many people in the east speak low saxon , and in one of the northern provinces they speak frisian . 
  some dialects are either saxon with frisian influences or the other way around . 
  i find it fascinating that you can still hear it today because of the dialect/regional language people speak . 
  and i mostly agree about your comment about ` better ' weapons , every weapon has its time and place . 
  but in case of very superior technology you can get a clear advantage : set up a defense position with a gatling gun vs a charge of men armed with spears . 
  i can imagine that there are very small advantages to be gained if you have a sword of good quality steel so that is can be made harder and longer without breaking , giving you a reach advantage . 
  i agree that the people who do n't want children are a minority , but i feel it is a growing minority . 
  many people just do n't want that lifestyle , they prefer the freedom of being single or a childless couple . 
  the government could offer me huge benefits and pay everything and i still would n't want children . 
  you can always have an abortion in the rare case that contraception fails . 
  no need to plunge into poverty . 
  interesting video !, 
  it could be that lots of axes bouncing around through your company would mess up your day . 
  and i 'm not a pilum is better . 
  the franks took over the roman empire after all , and created a huge empire . 
  i do n't think their weaponry would be really inferior . 
  well , if the pension system fails it 's not really my problem . 
  they should reform it so it is not so easily shaken up by a small population change . 
  people have known since the 1940s/50s that were was a baby boom and everyone had plenty of time to prepare . 
  this is not something that suddenly came up and became a problem . 
  it 's not just unskilled jobs , i also know a bunch of people with university degrees who ca n't find a stable job . 
  if they live in a shitty appartment that costs too much money , are still paying off student debt , and they are always on temporary employment , then they are not going to have kids . 
  i know lots of people in their 30s in that situation . 
  apparently even your master 's degree is worth shit these days . 
  a few weeks ago there was a documentary about it , there are even people with master 's degrees * working full-time for free * because the employers can get away with not paying them . 
  those people ca n't afford children , they ca n't even afford their own life . 
  if that is the case the social secury system sucks . 
  you want people to put money for their own retirement while they work , not have them pay for current pensioners . 
  so why are the more religious countries such as poland and italy doing worse than the very secular netherlands and scandinavian countries ? 
  and we did fine when there were 10 million people , now there are 17 million . 
  we can take a slight decline . 
  it would make a hilarious western movie if someone cried ` indians ! ', 
  before getting attacked by whales in mobility scooters . 
  i do n't particularly care whether the population in the future will be smaller , what does it matter anyway ? 
  we did fine when there were 10 million people here , now there are 17 million , so i do n't see the problem with a slight decline . 
  i more often hear people talk about how overpopulated and crowded it is than about the slight decline in population . 
  in the 60s they were paying people to sod off to canada or wherever because they felt that 10 million was the maximum . 
  and 600 a month , that is absolutely insane . 
  that just means a massive transfer of money from people without children . 
  but what is so bad about a declining population ? 
  many people simply do n't want kids because it does n't fit their lifestyle . 
  i do n't know how you are going to ` culturally shift ' people who enjoy a childless lifestyle . 
  yeah , but then they will have to tax the people without children for that . 
  in my opinion , if you ca n't afford childcare from your second income , your second income is n't really worth it and you 're better off with one of the parents staying home . 
  but i also think there has been a shift in what people want . 
  most people i know do n't want children , as it will ruin their lifestyle . 
  but the problem is that potential young parents take longer and longer to figure out their life . 
  cost of living is very high and you are n't having children when you are in your thirties , living in a shitty appartment and struggling with money and finding jobs . 
  having the pensions paid by the people who currently work is a ridiculously shitty system , no better than a pyramid scheme . 
  have everyone pay into a retirement fund as they go along instead of paying current pensioners and it does n't matter whether the next generation is as big as this one . 
  but in many countries it 's pretty much impossible to raise children on one income . 
  i even know people who both work but still have to live in a shitty appartment , and they simply do n't have the money or time to raise children because the cost of living is so high . 
  that 's how i feel as well , you 'd basically need to give them enough money so they do n't need to work anymore . 
  not going to happen . 
  i do n't think those things will become popular . 
  if more and more people simply do not want children , do you think they want to pay extra for other people 's children ? 
  fuck no . 
  yup , although there is also speculation that earlier it could have meant javelin , or perhaps a general term for a throwing weapon . 
  the use is the same : throw it at the enemy before going sword to sword , if may wound them or ruin their shields , which were very important during the middle ages . 
  the romans did something similar by throwing a pilum ( javelin ) before reaching their opponents . 
  if that term ultimately comes from the franks , it is a word of germanic origin . 
  the franks were a germanic tribe . 
  they conquered france and eventually adopted the latin-based language of the local population . 
  dutch is a surviving frankish language . 
  the franks were either named after a weapon , or the weapon was named after them . 
  it 's not clear whether it was a throwing axe or a javelin . 
  in a similar way , the saxons are associated with the seax , a long knife . 
  this would be a nice post for / r/mapporn btw . 
  at first i thought this was about their surnames , in which case things would have looked completely different . 
  in the case of the netherlands , it is both germanic and greek : willem-alexander . 
  willem is germanic , alexander is greek . 
  his regnal name is willem-alexander and not willem iv . 
  willem is the dutch version of wilhelm/william . 
  the results looks more like a `` fuck you '' to germany . 
  yes , that could be true . 
  i think people usually compare western europe and the us and exclude the latin american countries , because they are less developed . 
  i feel like the us takes it all a bit further . 
  they have more radical brands of protestantism than other places , such as the evangelicals , the mormons , the jehovah 's witnesses and so on . 
  a bit of added crazy compared to mainstream protestantism or catholicism . 
  yes , in my experience the chips do often get a bit soggy . 
  there is usually also a bunch of garlic sauce in it somewhere that 's not shown on the picture . 
  but the us is also a special case regarding religion compared to other industrialised countries . 
  generally religion goes away when the country improves , but that has n't happened in the us on the same scale as it has in western europe . 
  that guy was so drunk he fell over but still managed to not spill his beer . 
  what a trooper . 
  there is also dutch , which has mostly lost the case system , and the three genders have in practice been reduced to two ( m/f versus common/neuter ) .
