  university graduations were more of an individual affair , as people generally do n't graduate at the same time . 
  there was a lot of variety though , how formal people dressed had a lot to do with what faculty they belonged to . 
  the business/economics people usually wore a suit , but the technical faculties were far less formal . 
  guys graduating in their iron maiden shirt , stuff like that . 
  another one is bakra . 
  and * les adieux \u00e0 la reine * . 
  it was on dutch television a few years ago . 
  ah , that makes at least a little bit of sense . 
  i was afraid they were going after people abroad . 
  still , i feel that if the reporter asks a question he does n't want to hear the answer to , do not ask . 
  everyone knew how stephen fry feels about religion . 
  good thing it was just a ` formality ' in a way , and it shows the weakness of the that law . 
  but the n is n't pronounced . 
  no one says ` pannenkoek ' or ` boekenlegger ' . 
  is is not phonetic at all . 
  we say ` proost '  are you the juniper germans ? 
  we are the juniper germans !, 
  we invented jenever/gin !, 
  it 's good we get recognition as swamp germans , 
  yeah , but in our case most of the words that are similar to german are not loanwords : they are cognates . 
  dutch and german are essentially two different standardisations of the same dialect continuum . 
  dutch is essentially a kind of german , in the same way that luxembourgish or swiss german are . 
  that word is n't in the lord of the rings as far as i know , but it sounds as if it could be  it has a lot of hither/tither/whither , and hence/thence/whence . 
  that 's the strange bit . 
  french ( and english ) have very conservative spelling that does n't reflect how words are pronounced at all . 
  the idea is for the spelling to show the etymology . 
  in dutch , the idea is for the spelling to follow changes in pronunciation , so we have fairly regular spelling updates . 
  the example above with the case system is something people would have a really hard time to write today , because people stopped using the case system in the spoken language . 
  how can people write a language they do n't speak ? 
  dutch spelling is fairly straighforward , mostly . 
  if you can pronounce a word , you know how to spell it , and vice versa . 
  because of the spelling updates . 
  it 's the same with german . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_dutch_orthography some spelling changes are stupid btw . 
  `` pannekoek '' became `` pannenkoek '' . 
  nobody says it that way , they actually made it less phonetic . 
  to me it sounds old-fashioned , and i would n't be able to speak that way because i do n't know the cases . 
  generally , we do n't even know the gender anymore : we used to have three genders like in german , but masculine and femine have mostly merged , so we just have common and neuter . 
  since you need to know the gender ( which most people do n't , aside from common/neuter ) , and you need to know the case system , pretty much nobody can talk that way today , except linguists or historians . 
  there are some dialects that retain bits of it though . 
  the case system is one of the harder parts of learning german for us . 
  it 's not that hard to get some basic vocabulary and the grammar is otherwise fairly similar , but the case system takes a lot of time to learn to use it on the fly . 
  they are still in the spoken language , it 's just that spelling is different . 
  in many cases , whether a vowel is long or short depends on what syllable it is in , and what comes after . 
  it means ` to make ' . 
  it 's long because it 's followed by - en - ik maak : long aa . 
  it means ' i make ' . 
  it 's long because it 's spelled ` aa ' . 
  because it has the double kk in it , the a becomes short . 
  unrelated to the ` maken ' verb , this one means ` to fight ' . 
  my guess is that it 's not the palliative care itself that is the problem , but the implication that they stop real treatments and only do palliative care . 
  so basically giving up . 
  but it 's like the unholy trinity the christian parties are opposed to : abortion , euthenasia , same-sex marriage . 
  which are three of the reasons why i really dislike christian parties . 
  in the netherlands euthenasia was legalised by the first government * without christian parties * , not specifically the left or right . 
  it was a coalition of pvda ( labour ) , vvd ( right-wing free market liberals ) , and d66 ( libdems ? ) . 
  the same coalition introduced same-sex marriage . 
  it just takes a coalition without religious parties . 
  but why did the irish police go after fry ? 
  did he make those remarks in ireland ? 
  because it 's weird that the irish police is going after foreign blashpemers . 
  it 's interesting how incredibly good pe classes are in ruining any enjoyment or interest in sports . 
  wow , norwegian subtitles to watskebeurt , the world is getting stranger every day . 
  so long and thanks for all the fish . 
  theoretically you could have 3000 year old dinosaur fossils . 
  the dinosaurs are still among us : birds . 
  but that `` university '' does n't sound like it 's worth the name . 
  we start in primary school , at age 10 or so , and it 's a mandatory subject all the way through highschool . 
  but you do n't learn languages in school , you learn them by using them as the natives use them . 
  in the netherlands , foreign language programmes are generally subbed and not dubbed , so we hear english from a young age pretty much every day . 
  the interwebs is also mostly english . 
  learning another language is n't impossible . 
  if you can find a nice opportunity in another country , it might be worth it to learn the language . 
  the mormons travel all around the world , and to their credit they actually learn the local language before they go there , so they can preach to people in their native tongue . 
  it 's expected of young people to spend a few years abroad to preach . 
  but people here do n't really take religion seriously . 
  only some 20 % of people believe in god . 
  no mention of fvd ? 
  i remember when i was a kid , american mormons would go door to door to talk about their religion . 
  that is something that is otherwise uncommon here , it 's usually americans who for some reason bothered to travel all the way to the netherlands ( and learn the language !, 
  they did speak dutch pretty well ) , or converted locals who are spreading their ` american ' version of christianity . 
  it does n't happen as much as it used to , because people really do n't like uninvited people ringing their doorbell . 
  i think they 've mostly given up . 
  there is also an american reality tv show about mormon families with multiple wives , it 's on tlc or something ? 
  that also airs in the netherlands , with dutch subtitles . 
  it turns out these fools ringing the doorbell have their own state !, 
  ( more or less ) btw , ringing someone 's doorbell in the evening uninvited should be punishable with life imprisonment . 
  you simply do n't do that , unless you know the person . 
  ringing someone 's doorbell at dinner time is even worse . 
  why ? 
  franch guyana is n't in europe either . 
  and cyprus is n't in europe at all . 
  both of which do n't take place in the real world , 
  why do dutch people need the netherlands ? 
  let 's give it back to the frisians . 
  enough european countries around the netherlands where dutch people could live . 
  now i 'm not a fan of the palestinian governments , but to say that palestinians should just give up the land where their family has lived for generations is ridiculous . 
  i understand that things will never be the way they were , but at least a two-state solution should be considered , as obviously israel also has 2nd/3rd/4th generations of their people living there . 
  you can not expect either ` side ' to just pack their bags and go . 
  how would israel benefit from that ?
