  people were argueing that van gogh was `` offensive '' and that 's why he was murdered . 
  completely ridiculous in any free country . 
  oops . 
  but real estate prices are artifically high now . 
  if you want to abolish rent controls you also need to abolish the crazy hra and tax on ( re ) selling your house . 
  that just inflates prices which also reflect on the rent market . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's possible to produce cheap housing with 21st century tech , of only the government got out of the way . 
  why are municipalities * investing * in land they only intend to resell ? 
  that is something for the free market . 
  if the municipalities need money they should tax , not try to squeeze some money out of empty fields by suddenly labeling them as building grounds so the price goes up . 
  also , with a lack of population growth i think it 's perfectly fine to build houses of lower quality . 
  or maybe just put up emergency buildings . 
  waiting lists of 10 years is a clear indication that whatever they are doing is n't working . 
  if these woningcorporaties do n't build social housing , what is their purpose ? 
  they seem pretty useless right now . 
  then they need to build smaller or shittier houses for the same price . 
  i 'm pretty sure there is * something * you can rent out at 700 a month and still turn a profit . 
  i 'm sure many people just want a one-room appartment rather than sit at their parents ' house for 10 years . 
  i rented for under 300 at my old student place . 
  they also need to abolish hra as that will only drive prices up for absolutely no reason at all . 
  the situation for early 30s is n't really better from what i see . 
  many people are paying off student debt so they ca n't afford to spend much on rent , and it also makes it more difficult to qualify for a mortgage . 
  then maybe the system just does n't work ? 
  they need to change it , not hope that somehow it will magically become profitable . 
  the government can borrow for around 0 % so there 's no reason they could n't turn a profit on that by renting out houses . 
  i can see how this is a problem in amsterdam , but in a city like apeldoorn or deventer ? 
  there are huge empty bits around those cities . 
  i sometimes cycle in the parts outside apeldoorn and there are very few houses there . 
  i 'm pretty sure that for people who live in apeldoorn , social housing just on the edge of the city would be great . 
  the problem is that houses are in a cycle of boom-bust , so if the house drops in value the bank has a problem . 
  people in finland have a positive opinion of public housing in the netherlands ? 
  i think it 's pretty much the worst system you could possibly think of . 
  the non-social housing situation is also awful , and the mortgage subsidies ruin the market . 
  the dutch situation is a nice case study on what * not * to do . 
  long waiting lists ( sometimes over 10 years ) for social housing , very hard to get into non-social housing , and the real estate market is a cycle of booms and busts . 
  but people do n't want to live in a tiny shithole where there are few jobs . 
  they need to expand those cities because that is where people are moving . 
  or they could fix the housing situation ? 
  it 's clear they are not building enough . 
  to get even more people to travel is not a solution either , people hate commuting anyway . 
  1-2 years is still pretty bad . 
  if i get a job someplace i ca n't travel to , i ca n't afford to wait 1-2 years . 
  they need to fix this . 
  it 's good this gets some attention because of the refugees but obviously the problem was there all along and has pretty much nothing to do with the refugees . 
  in large cities such as amsterdam there is huge demand and little supply , so they only want the best tenents who are sure to pay . 
  so they just demand an income requirement of 3x/4x or even 5x the rent . 
  if you only make double the rent they do n't want you . 
  the batavian revolt of course !, 
  all i know is it 's called a `` manly ingredient '' here : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vdlmlqdvhzi, 
  i think that from a practical perspective russia is simply more important than ukraine or georgia , so they are just out of luck . 
  if we had to impose sanctions on every country that breaks the rules or has an awful human rights record we would have to get sanctions against saudi arabia , iran , china and so on . 
  i think it 's pretty clear that the eu/us are n't really going to help ukraine in any meaningful way to get crimea back . 
  i think the main problem is is that the willingness to actually intervene is much larger in russia than in the eu . 
  and russia is simply more important than ukraine . 
  russia also got away with annexing bits in georgia and no one really cared enough to do anything about it . 
  i think a russian crimea is just the new reality . 
  but the eastern eu members are generally not at risk of a ukraine situation as they are members of nato and the eu . 
  the sanctions have nothing to do with them as they are for ukraine specifically . 
  and what are those sanctions achieving now , and what is really the point ? 
  are we going to have a bad relationship with russia into eternity because of crimea ? 
  i do n't hear the eu politicians talk about crimea a lot anymore . 
  if we are going to wait until russia gives up crimea we 'll be waiting a long time . 
  i see now that my sentence was ambiguous . 
  what i meant was is that the sanctions against russia have little effect on the us economy because they have little trade with russia , but many eu countries have ( or had ) much trade with russia . 
  of course the us is much more important economically but the eu wants good trade with both . 
  the eu also imports a lot of oil and gas from russia . 
  also , russia is economically much more important than ukraine . 
  and as we have seen the eu and us are quite unwilling to stop the russians from invading . 
  yes !, 
  we will be a world power again . 
  believing existing citizens should come first because they actually have more rights is nazism ? 
  things work like that in nearly every country . 
  do n't forget that the eu is much more dependent on trade with russia than the us . 
  they will want at least ok relations with russia on the long term . 
  these sanctions are costing us real money and it needs to stop at some point . 
  more eu countries should have nukes . 
  or just have more eu nations build nukes ? 
  and in wine and cigarettes . 
  lots of manpower around moscow !, 
  if you let the savages take power , you might as well just leave assad there . 
  what if those rebels win ? 
  we get a state run by religious fundies and their only redeeming quality is that they are not as bad as isis ? 
  too bad almost everyone over there is religious . 
  so where do unemployed people without welfare get money ? 
  crime ? 
  it seems they 'd cost more money if they are in jail compared to giving them the bare minimum to live . 
  so karl lost the war and now we call him charlemagne ? 
   anyway , the nobility at that time would likely also have spoken old french . 
  yes , but it 's still strange as that the lingua franca mentioned here was not based on a frankish language . 
  i get the name and language of peoples change but it 's still somewhat strange . 
  it 's a bit like the greeks were called romans for a long time . 
  sometimes houses are just in the wrong place . 
  if someone has a job in amsterdam they do n't want a house in a cheap , rural in overijssel . 
  studentenhuis also seems much nicer to me than social housing . 
  i also feel that it 's a bit much to expect ( as a student ) to get a full-size appartment . 
  you do n't really need anything beyond a single room to live and sleep in , and a place to cook and sanitation . 
  there 's nothing wrong with living in a studentenhuis for a few years . 
  of course he can always try to get non-social housing but he 'll need more money for that . 
  i think the main problem is that education and jobs are not evenly distributed , so young people all move to the cities . 
  i would n't want to live in a small town since i 'm used to having easy access to everything .
