  you know , like those guys from the galactic republic . . 
  i mean ukraine . 
  i think in many cases they did not displace them , but they mingled and a germanic language just happened to become the dominant one . 
  there were tribes that were named celtic but used germanic names or the other way around . 
  in the netherlands there used to be a temple that had both germanic and celtic gods . 
  that 's why there should by lanes for cyclists . 
  keep as much space between cars , cyclists and pedestrians as possible by giving them seperate lanes . 
  i 'm not sure what stop signs are for btw . 
  i have n't seen one in years . 
  military airfields make a ridiculous amount of noise . 
  i have a feeling the people who actually live near that airfield are pretty pleased with this . 
  i have lived near a military airfield and it was hell . 
  but then there are godless non-traditional countries that are doing very well . 
  i do n't see how people then say `` yo , getting this backwards did n't work , let 's get more backwards instead '' . 
  they could just copy what successful countries are doing . 
  it 's still far less modern than europe . 
  i have never heard of sexual segregation here , it was a surprise for the person i knew who went to china that they had seperate buildings for women . 
  when i was a student everything was mixed , also showers and toilets . 
  i do n't think china is that modern though . 
  i know from someone who went there that they had seperate housing for male and female students , so it is still quite traditional . 
  i have no idea why these traditional societies are deliberately fucking up their own countries with this medieval stuff . 
  we have already had the sexual revolution , you can look it up on the internet . 
  this is not new . 
  why stay in medieval mode ? 
  i think religion is a big factor in this too . 
  and for the arab spring there was also the issue of rising food prices . 
  what i do n't get is why these traditional countries keep their traditional values when they obviously do n't work . 
  but your social status goes down again when you knock someone up . 
  ah , that would make sense . 
  i also feel that there is a difference in importance between marriage and children compared to most of europe . 
  here no one gives a fuck whether you are married or have children . 
  how is the sexual/family thing different in the middle-east than in other parts of the world ? 
  is it because it is considered socially more important than in for example europe ? 
  because there are areas such as india and china where there is a shortage of women because of selective abortion or abandonment . 
  i do n't think that is the case in the middle-east . 
  christian democrats in many parts of europe are just the mainstream conservative parties . 
  nederland is land van enorme middelmatigheid en hufterigheid . 
  quite a few refugee camps are far away from the cities , so there are no libraries . 
  there are 700 ( with possibly a future 700 more ) refugees placed in a town of 140 people , oranje . 
  if course there is absolutely nothing in that town beyond a few houses of those 140 people . 
  another large refugee camp was a bunch of tents in a forest or field somewhere . 
  there is nothing to do for the people there . 
  there also are n't that many foreign language books in libraries here . 
  i could n't even find many english books that i wanted to read for english in school . 
  these were from a list of classics of english literature and i could n't even find them here . 
  the people you mention are exceptions . 
  most people are either not smart enough or do n't have the resources to get a phd . 
  and there are definitely useless educations ( useless in the sense of giving you a marketable skill , not inherently useless ) . 
  i know a bunch of people with history degrees that are unemployed , because employers do n't have a use for people with a history degree when they can just hire a person with a relevant degree . 
  of course any education has intrinsic value in my opinion but it wo n't always help you get job . 
  also , the average person is n't really that smart or motivated in my experience . 
  i 've met quite a few people that were just really unintelligent . 
  some had trouble reading very basic things or following simple instructions . 
  people who are actually catholic believers are fairly rare today though . 
  only 17 % of people are theists , so the overwhelming majority are not christians . 
  it was nato that prevented war in europe , not te eu . 
  it 's a bit of a problem for eurozone countries to leave the euro . 
  also , quite a few countries are very dependent on trade with germany or another eu member so they wo n't leave without them . 
  the netherlands had their currency following the dmark since long before the euro . 
  that 's more or less what i 'm driving , a tiny ancient car  i just remember that the petrol cars i 've driven in were really much easier to drive . 
  it does n't matter to me now because i 'm used to my car but i can imagine it 's harder to adapt if you 've been driving diesel al your life . 
  i used to drive in a diesel van and you could drive it with one foot . 
  but the gear changes are much easier . 
  it 's fairly easy to get a petrol car to shut off if you do it the wrong way , but a diesel has a much larger room for error . 
  i used to drive a van where i could start driving in second gear , that 's generally impossible in most petrol cars . 
  you could also easily get the car going with just the clutch and not the gas pedal . 
  diesels are simply much easier and relaxing to drive . 
  they are also much easier to handle on hills and slopes . 
  diesels are also easier to drive because the gears tend to have a wider range , so you do n't need to be as precise when changing gears . 
  and of course be part of glorious yurop !, 
  at least the anthem is better ( and somewhat german ) . 
  you should just have remained part of the kingdom !, 
  we are no longer relevant in russia at least :( i think about half of surinamese people actually live in the netherlands . 
  suriname does not have a large population . 
  they could have the flemish and walloon flags !, 
  pretty cold to fap in the forest right now . 
  maybe those dirty toilets or showers are a better place . 
  but that 's just the climate of the netherlands . 
  people are used to it , and heating is expensive . 
  i was cold for a large part of my childhood because heating every rooms cost money , so you just had to suck it up . 
  it is really damp now btw , i can barely see the other side of the street with these mists . 
  the next few months will possibly have much lower temperatures , it 's only october . 
  `` a major issue '' . 
  yeah , a major issue you can fix in five minutes in the toilet with your hand . 
  not having food is a major issue , this is n't . 
  i think there is also a difference in what is affordable in syria/other place to what is affordable here . 
  perhaps in syria it 's cheap to get a decent noon meal with meat in a restaurant somewhere , but in the netherlands stuff like that is expensive so people just eat a boring sandwhich for breakfast and lunch . 
  there is heating in the tents . 
  and of course it 's cold , but it 's only october . 
  it 'll be really cold a few weeks/months from now . 
  but that 's the local diet , the idiots here eat bread twice a day . 
  the locals also eat boring stuff . 
  i know several people who went hungry during ww2 , some of them were in pow or death camps . 
  my father 's grandparents lived in their home because their city was bombed to shit , and even after the war there was quite extreme poverty when my father grew up . 
  so to see these people refuse a sandwhich while sitting in their heated tents , sorry but i do n't take it too seriously . 
  this is also not some obscure video dug up from the creepy corners of the internet , this was on national television ( publieke omroep even , if i recall ) . 
  it was nominated for tv-moment of the year ( do n't remember whether it won or not ) . 
  this was the speech they referred to in the video , attended by the mayor of amsterdam as mentioned in the video . 
  it was the opening of the monument to theo van gogh : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gvos9vsccjs, 
  this was not long after theo van gogh was murdered by a radical muslim .
