  diplomacy usually happens when one side is losing and wants to sue for peace . 
  i do n't think that war is going away any time soon , because for everyone who thinks like you , there are many who think otherwise . 
  if everyone had your mindset we would n't need militaries , but there will always be julius caesars , ghenhis khans and napoleons . 
  just look at how popular empire-building strategy games are . 
  in many of the paradox games such as crusader kings or europa universalis whenever you end up in a war you try to make the situation on the ground as favourable to yourself as possible , and only then you pursue peace . 
  yeah , mashed or boiled potatoes every day is an improvement . 
  do n't forget deep-fried potatoes . 
  but in a world that has realpolitik , what place is there for near-pacifists ? 
  if nato did n't exist some parts of europe would just be rolfstomped by russia . 
  i 'm not so sure there is a gender gap here . 
  everyone can have the fear of being invaded by another country , and wanting a big military to prevent that . 
  and with the likes of isis , who would ever want unilateral disarmament ? 
  i think we are headed in the other direction these days . 
  and in the netherlands over 40 % of members of the lower house are female . 
  quite a few of the members of the lower house and the parliament are also so fairly young , but i do n't really find the young politicians any better than the old ones . 
  not worse either , just not better . 
  that would have been fine if people actually followed the rules . 
  i ca n't blame people to want military power to avoid getting invaded by , say , russia . 
  the ukrainians gave up their nukes and look what happened . 
  women also do realpolitik btw , margaret thatcher and golda meir come to mind . 
  did you pick your username after the poet marsman ? 
  but ca n't you do all that with 75k ? 
  if i made that i would be cutting down on hours to work less , not more . 
  perhaps another cultural difference ? 
  here everyone always talks about wanting to work less . 
  spare time is generally considered more valuable by people who earn enough to live comfortably . 
  until his retirement my father worked part time because there was just no reason to work full time . 
  edit : oh , taxes may have a lot to do with this . 
  i know someone else who started working fewer hours because the highest tax bracket was around 50-60 % , so she would be working mostly for the government for the highest part of her salary . 
  perhaps the country getting dragged into two world wars by its leaders and the subsequent destruction and poverty make people think that way . 
  and after that their country was divided by outside forces for decades . 
  what comic is that from ? 
  and is n't that quote from cameron ? 
  edit : ah yes , it was cameron . 
  surely not if it 's clear they quote someone else ? 
  you do n't need to do that with a king either . 
  in the netherlands the combined salaries of every member of the royal family is about 7 million , so not a large part of the national budget . 
  a president costs money as well . 
  in the netherlands the monarchy could just be abolished if there is enough political opposition to it . 
  i think in most of the monarchies the monarch has higher approval ratings than a lot of the presidents . 
  in the same way french taxpayers are also paying for upkeep on monuments . 
  should they just let them crumble and abandon their culture and traditions ? 
  you mean slivovich , the plum stuff ? 
  check this map , the alcohol belts of europe !, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/alcohol_belts_of_europe as is mentioned in the article this is more about the historical drinking culture than what people drink today , as the beer belt has won and beer is now the most popular drink worldwide . 
  historically what people drank was often restricted by what was available . 
  ca n't grow grapes too far north so people made beer , or apple-wine , or mead . 
  things obviously took off when distillation became available and people learned how to turn anything into booze . 
  such as extracting sugar from beets and turning it into shitty liquor . 
  how is frisian older ? 
  dutch and frisian come from a common ancestor-language . 
  but how can you have seven different and contradictory explanations , * and * have them all be true ? 
  they may be equally valid in the eyes of the believer ( at that time ) , but it does n't mean that all interpretations are true . 
  that may be the case but i think that if there are multiple interpretations , there can only ever be one true one ( at most ) . 
  if there are 7 different interpretations , ast least 6 must be wrong . 
  otherwise we go into schr\u00f6dinger 's cat territory . 
  but that 's not really strange , of course there is only one interpretation of the koran that is correct , if any of it is true at all . 
  either it 's true or it is n't . 
  i 'm an atheist so i do n't believe it 's true . 
  i thought it was for not being g.w. 
  bush ? 
  the video is a joke of course but pissing in the canals happens a lot actually . 
  should be happy some cities have canals , otherwise they have to piss somewhere in the street . 
  also , the canals are full of rubbish that could really hurt you if you fall in . 
  it is full of bicycles for example that got thrown in , presumably by other drunk people . 
  our former leader of the central bank still walks with a limp he got from jumping in one of the canals as a student . 
  i never heard of anyone dying in a canal before though . 
  a lot of the canalpissing happens when the pubs and clubs close at 0400 or so , and everyone walks home . 
  ah , now i get it . 
  i did not know about that . 
  yeah , and that did n't help isis much either , they 're getting bombed to pieces . 
  i think that by the time there is enough mass for an armed revolution , the situation in the us must already be very shitty . 
  if there are food shortages or stuff like that , things would probably break down fairly quickly . 
  the us is also fairly politically divided , and there will probably be pro-dictator people with guns as well . 
  look at russia for example : putin is extremely popular . 
  if the majority supports the dictator ( because of propaganda or otherwise ) a revolution is going to fail . 
  edit : not sure if dictator is the right word , perhaps authoritarian leader is a better fit . 
  what are mountain christians ? 
  i do n't think race is the right word , but they are their own ethnicity . 
  that 's why you can be jewish but not follow judaism . 
  i do n't think much of western europe is naive about gypsies . 
  in the netherlands ` zigeuner ' is an insult . 
  wow , that is pretty sick actually , using children in such a way to fix a problem in wider society . 
  what about iran ? 
  they are not arabs . 
  if armed militias rose up against a tyrannical government , would n't the result be just like libya or somalia or syria ? 
  local warlords or militias that control their own areas . 
  and in syria they ca n't even beat the government but just keep messing about , while in libya the rebels only ` won ' because of outside help . 
  i think if some dictator came to power in the us a palace coup or military coup would be more likely to succeed than citizens with guns . 
  ( not that i 'm against guns , i just do n't find the ` militia ' argument very compelling . 
  i believe people should be allowed to have guns for self-defense , hunting or for target shooting and such ), 
  that image is beautiful . 
  ah , that 's true . 
  no such thing as a free lunch , someone has to pay for it . 
  i only pay about 100 a month for healthcare but obviously the rest is paid through taxes so people end up paying anyway . 
  salaries for educated people are usually also higher in the us than in most of europe . 
  what i meant to say is that healthcare is much cheaper in other places , so a 9000 healthcare benefit would n't be that usefull unless you live in the us . 
  it 's like working in switzerland : sure , you make more money than in other places , but everything is ridiculously expensive so you are not better off . 
  you could sit on your ass all day in the uk and still get free healthcare . 
  in most places you wo n't need health insurance that costs 9000 though .
