  it 's also really shitty how luxembourg is one of the wealthiest countries in nato ( the wealthiest ? ), 
  per capita , and they pay 0,44 % . 
  even if they are too small to have a real army , they could contribute financially in some other way . 
  how did they ` give ' them nuclear weapons ? 
  you ca n't really blame them for inventing them in ww , as with other stuff it will be invented anyway , better let the good guys invent first . 
  what if nazi germany or the japanese empire got the bomb first ? 
  wallonia is also poorer . 
  wilders can not form a coalition again ( probably ) , but he still influences politics by making other parties more right-wing to score some wilders-voters . 
  and it makes the formation of a new coalition much harder . 
  you 'd need all mainstream parties : vvd , cda , d66 , pvda , and even then they only barely got a majority . 
  one person leaving a party ( and that happens every once in a while ) and they are stuck . 
  i 'm pretty sure she is n't . 
  there is a reason one of the main parties here has an anti-islam and anti-eu platform ( led by geert wilders ) . 
  they get refuge and food , and then they go about saying their new host country is a shithole . 
  well , if you do n't like it here ... 
  the difference is that poles have eu citizenship , so they have the right to do so . 
  i can see why refugees also want to go to a richer country if they had to leave their own , but they should n't go about breaking the rules . 
  if you are drinking all night you wo n't magically become sober in the morning . 
  the guy may just have been still drinking since the evening before . 
  if google ` nazi restaurant/club/bar ' you 'll find some really weird pictures . 
  but it 's the main symbol of the german military . 
  the iron cross can still be seen on many of their vehicles or aircraft . 
  of course there are some people who might go the plausible deniability route that you mentioned , but you can see a lot of iron cross symbols if you are near an army base in germany . 
  you wo n't see a lot of swastika 's for obvious reasons . 
  i notice something weird , since when is crimea in ukraine ? 
  i think the opposite is happening , there is actually a lot of demand for semi unskilled labour , because people do n't want to do those jobs anymore . 
  i know a few businesses that are pretty much dependent on polish people , because dutch people do n't want to do work in factories anymore . 
  it pays well , it just does n't have the prestige of a desk job . 
  and you do n't need above average intelligence to operate a forklift lorry , or to stack boxes and crates . 
  and even educated jobs can be in danger of disappearing : once translation software improves , a lot of translators will be out of a job . 
  i do n't see it happening soon , but just like with automated buses and trucks , it 'll happen eventually . 
  i think the fallacy here is that we do n't * need * to works so much anymore if things get automated . 
  we already work far fewer hours than people worked historically ( either as farmers or as victorian factory workers ) . 
  if we can produce the same economic output with fewer man-hours , we just shorten the working days and it 'll all work out again . 
  people do n't work because it 's their hobby , they work just enough to live . 
  what , you want to raise a kid in student housing ? 
  that 's no place for kids . 
  and who is going to watch the kid when mom is off to college ? 
  childcare is unaffordable if you do n't have a decent income . 
  how can they afford kids ? 
  i 'm assuming they do n't have much in the way of education or savings . 
  we have private health insurance , so take it up with them . 
  let them sort out the people with unhealthy lifestyles . 
  and they often go after the wrong things . 
  sugar and fat do n't make you overweight , it 's the overeating that people do . 
  i always get the full-fat yoghurt and i 'm not overweight . 
  i do n't want to pay extra just because some gluttons ca n't stay away from food . 
  and what are those negative externalities for sodas ? 
  sure , some people who drink them excessively might live a bit shorter , but that 's their own choice and responsibility . 
  i am not overweight , so why would i need to pay for the idiots who are chugging cokes all day ? 
  what is liberal about sin taxes ? 
  let the free market handle it . 
  i 'm not a fan of any kind of parades ( and not a fan of amsterdam in general ) , but that 's just what happens in the big cities . 
  there 's always some parade or festival or carnaval or protest . 
  i do n't care for any of them , i just do n't go there so i 'm not bothered . 
  but i like that those people have the freedom to do so . 
  what 's this restroom nonsence ? 
  toilets work pretty much the same for everyone . 
  and in the military people need to bunk together regardless of gender , so i 'm pretty sure they 've seen each other 's bits anyway . 
  this is amsterdam . 
  it 's one day a year . 
  all the other days of the year you 'll see women in underwear standing there , trying to get male customers . 
  if you do n't like those things , do n't go to amsterdam ( it 's shit anyway ) . 
  there are n't really many refugees housed at those canals , because real estate is really expensive in the city center of amsterdam . 
  and i 'm not sure why it matters what refugees think of this . 
  if they do n't like it , they are free to go someplace else . 
  they ca n't expect us to change our way of life . 
  that 's because many expats never leave the expat-bubble : they took their homeland with them . 
  there are lots of people in amsterdam who live there for years but ca n't be bothered to learn the language , and just hang out with other expats . 
  so yeah , these people follow current affairs in the us instead of the netherlands . 
  except one group is and the other is n't . 
  then do n't go to amsterdam . 
  it 's loud , crowded , and full of tourists and expats , it 's basically a theme park with parties and booze and weed . 
  they were nazis , walter . 
  right , macedonia is about to invade greece any day now . 
  people are drinking coffee at a bar ? 
  they are doing it wrong . 
  you can get stronger stuff at a bar . 
  why would n't young children drink tea ? 
  i think that would be pretty common in a country where tea is more or less the default drink . 
  we had tea with breakfast every day when i was a kid . 
  saba only became part of the netherlands in 2010 or so , so it was fairly recent cheating as well . 
  we are already under water , so we do n't need to fear climate change either . 
  i have the same feeling about the sky , but with grey instead of blue . 
  except that greenland is n't a part of denmark itself , it 's just a constituent country of the kingdom . 
  mount scenery in the caribbean is on saba , which is actually a part of the netherlands proper and not just one of the constituent countries of the kingdom of the netherlands . 
  saba is dutch clay . 
  the theod element means ` of the people ' . 
  it 's also where the german word * deutsch * comes from , meaning german , their own people , and cognate with english * dutch * . 
  the name theodoric still exist in modern languages : diettrich in german , diederik in dutch , thierry in french , derek in english . 
  germanic names usually have two elements , similar to your example of theodoros . 
  and it also spread to non-germanic languages , such as eduardo ( edward : ` wealthy protector ' ) or rodrigo ( roderick : ` glorious ruler ' ) . 
  i think the battle of the catalaunian plains was possibly more of an inspiration of the battle of the pelennor/minas tirith . 
  king theodoric of the visigoths , foederati of the romans , fought with commander aetius , who is called by the historian gibbons ` last of the romans ' . 
  the romans and visigoths were victorious against atilla the hun , but theodoric fell in battle . 
  now theodoric means more or less the same as th\u00e9oden : it means people-ruler . 
  so both these kings are named ` king ' in a way . 
  and aragorn calls himself ` the last of the n\u00famenoreans ' in appendix a. also in response to / u/samiumabisare, 
  people actually tip cab drivers ? 
  i usually feel ripped off , their prices are ridiculous anyway .
