the people will only stop fleeing if the war stops , and the only way to help speed that along is by bombing the shit out of isis . 
  in my opinion it 's more because of the people of the middle-east being moronic in the middle-east . 
  foreign intervention just hastened the inevitable as these people all hated each other since way before the us even existed . 
  most people will be dead by then . 
  i think it 's very hard to make people care for things that they wo n't be around for anyway . 
  of course the main thing that needs to happen is fix the situation in the middle-east . 
  make sure that groups like isis die out . 
  this sub only seems more far-right than anything you see in real life because you live in germany . 
  some of our politicians like geert wilders say far more extreme things about muslims and moroccans and he is second in the polls . 
  of course they wo n't criticise sharia rule . 
  it is in the book , it is not optional . 
  some dutch government people have said that they preferred they die over there over them coming back alive . 
  it comes from the rooibos plant in south africa and contains no tea leaves . 
  rooibos is afrikaans for `` red bush '' . 
  i do n't know what it is but since it has 32 % on the label i want it anyway . 
  it 's not finland but for the netherlands there is the daft treaty that allows us citizens to live in the netherlands if they have their business as freelancers . 
  if they wanted booze they would have stayed in estonia . 
  and there is always the `` risk '' that if you go to a foreign country , the food is different . 
  technically rooibos is n't tea because it 's from a different plant . 
  maybe the guy could n't read the finnish word for tea or rooibos and he bought instead of tea . 
  am wet :(, 
  it 's funny how about half of the people of belgium are basically called `` foreigner '' . 
  worst case scenario they end up back were they came from . 
  they can always just try again , or in different country . 
  it 's not like they have any assets to take from them . 
  can you actually live on 124 a month in czechia ? 
  what prevents them from coming back gain ? 
  they can just hop across the border or take a train from poland to germany for example . 
  if they eventually get citizenship they are even allowed to . 
  i think the drinking mentality in large parts of europe is also very different . 
  i remember official parties from the company where a large amount of people are completely shitfaced to the point where some people are only standing because they are holding on to someone , including the upper management . 
  they even have crates of beer in the office to drink after work sometimes . 
  i worked at a government organisation for a short while and even there people dragged in crates of beer if it was someone 's birthday . 
  a few years ago it become known that they smoked and drank during the meetings of eu finance ministers . 
  brittania rules the waves :(, 
  germany also benefitted hugely from being a wealthy country in a currency union with a bunch of poorer ones . 
  that 's one of the reasons why they can export so much ( it 's the same for the netherlands btw ) . 
  oh , that lisbon treaty that people in the netherlands and france voted against ? 
  nice to know how effective voting is . 
  the people of the netherlands and france voted against the lisbon treaty btw , nice to know that voting means nothing . 
  that lanscape picture is beautiful . 
  i do n't think we have a hilly landscape like that . 
  i live in the netherlands , winter is a season that existed in my parents ' time . 
  there are quite a few very stable dictatorships , it 's safe to be there ( as long as you do n't disagree with the dictator ) but it 's still a dictatorship . 
  people have litlte freedom . 
  but that 's the risk of war , is n't it ? 
  i do n't see a lot of difference between drone strikes and normal airstrikes . 
  many military actions have a chance of collateral damage ( civilians ) . 
  i felt it ridiculed the communist stuff of the ddr . 
  the language gives it away , they say things like `` mit socialistischen gr\u00fcssen '' and `` genossen '' and crazy stuff like that . 
  the son is just faking his admiration for the ddr to protect his ( brainwashed ) mother . 
  i feel that it makes fun of both `` worlds '' , the capitalist west germany and the ddr . 
  i hear that sometimes they slow down or speed up or otherwise distort the sound or video so it 's harder to spot by bots searching for copyrighted material . 
  i have no idea whether this is true or not . 
  yes , this is how most germanic languages work and english is the exception here . 
  in dutch is works the same way and people sometimes make jokes about how they can create very long words . 
  except they did n't rebuild the country at all , it was still the same shithole just without the dictator . 
  this is a very long project and not a short invasion and occupation . 
  it would take some type of marshal plan so that it is n't still the same shithole after the occupation ends . 
  there are a whole bunch of languages in there . 
  i also heard something like castilian , greek , maybe welsh and irish , and an older german/dutch . 
  and of course french and latin . 
  there were many phrases in other languages than middle english in this poem . 
  papegay is similar to the word for parrot in many other languages ( dutch papegaai ) . 
  syria got out of hand for exactly the opposite reasons . 
  there was no intervention so there was a civil war for 4-5 years , and assad is still there ( sort of ) but there was enough room for isis to take over . 
  the international community should have stopped the civil wars in syria and libya years ago . 
  do n't you think at least some effort could be put in to uphold human rights ? 
  iraq was just shoddy , there was never a strong government there after the occupation . 
  the country was not fixed , only the saddam government was removed . 
  the borders were still the old shitty borders . 
  i think the only way is to invade , hang all the militants and islamists and other isis-like crazies , cut up the country and install secular governments and invest in rebuilding and education so that people have a future there . 
  i do n't see why it 's ok for dictators like assad to use chemical weapons on civilians , or for isis to engage in ethnic cleansing . 
  i think that is mostly due to spelling and grammar updates . 
  english and french use very conservative spelling , while dutch and german had regular updates so the modern spelling reflects the modern pronunciation . 
  it is much more phonetic only because of the spelling updates . 
  that is one of the difficult things when learning english , you ca n't really guess pronciation by the way it is written . 
  i think the joke is that a parrot can parrot any language . 
  aside from the middle english , we also heard latin , french , castilian , welsh , german/dutch and a few others . 
  to use the russian example , if some of the minorities want independence then they should be given the land they and their ancestors lived on . 
  most of these minorities were there before the russians came and colonised them . 
  and kurds are not iranians . 
  their language is so far evolved that there is no mutual intelligibility . 
  dutch and german would be much closer and yet they each have their own countries . 
  and why not ? 
  why should dutch people be part of a german or spanish empire ? 
  same for the catalans . 
  if they vote for independence , then why not give it to them ? 
  the kurdish people are just the victims of borders drawn in the wrong way during the ww1 era . 
  your example of germany is somewhat true , but they did the reverse . 
  they were seperate small states that shared an origin in the many germanic tribes and they belonged to a loosely allied bunch of states that formed more or less an empire ( the holy roman empire of the german nation ) . 
  ultimately they turned into germany and austria . 
  belgium declared independence from the netherlands and the netherlands wrongly made war on them ( and lost ) . 
  no one today minds that the belgians have their own country . 
  why should n't they ? 
  belgium is not `` our land '' as the belgians have lived there for centuries , it is their land . 
  many countries in the middle-east are artificial . 
  their borders make no sense . 
  iraq has kurds , sunni arabs and shiite arabs . 
  why did n't they just organise it into three countries ?
