  there is a reason so many countries celebrate their independence day . 
  and they do n't come up with an effective replacement for a car . 
  if they create something that has the same functionality as my car without any of the drawbacks i 'd be fine with it . 
  but i 'm not going to take the bus because it 's just impractical for me ( and because i hate the bus ) . 
  i tried to explain the difference between the 16th/17th century shitstorm , and how i think it would go in a modern place . 
  there is no reason to send in the military if the frisians decide they do n't want to be part of the netherlands . 
  today i 'm pretty sure if they leave that it 'll be peaceful . 
  i just feel that any people should be able to have their independence . 
  my country got their independence at some time , it would be hypocritical to deny that to frisians or catalonians if they really want independence ( which in the case of catalonia is pretty unclear as they do n't have a majority today ) . 
  also things like eating meat are a huge contributor to co2 and methane emissions . 
  i 'm not sure how we can justify eating meat as a right , but not owning a car . 
  of they want assad to step down . 
  the saudis are sunni fanatics and assad is n't . 
  religious fanatics are never real allies , maybe allies of convenience for a while but nothing more . 
  so we just ignore that they are basically savages with money ? 
  wo n't solve the problems in the wider middle-east . 
  the whole sunni/shia crap , and the wrong borders . 
  it all needs to be fixed . 
  what europeans usually see as a `` solution '' : wait and see , hope things somehow turn out better , hope things do n't get worse . 
  if they do get worse , at least it was n't our fault because we were n't involved . 
  it 's not going to work . 
  not a good example . 
  these countries were quickly handed over to local politicians so everything went back to shit . 
  they were invasions without any efforts at colonialism . 
  it worked for germany and japan . 
  why ? 
  replace them with a secular dictator and hope the population will be less idiotic in a few generations . 
  as long as everyone over there is religious the region will always be shit . 
  yeah , but i still want to be able to drive when i am one of those old people . 
  fuck the bus , fuck the train . 
  they are shitty beyond belief . 
  nah , enough people smoke in paris . 
  that there are shitty dictatorships in the middle-east is n't my fault . 
  the us could just stop protecting states like saudi arabia or replace them with something more civilised . 
  public transport is awfully slow and does n't even reach a lot of places . 
  they shut down at night so if you are n't home then you are fucked . 
  i 'm also not using my bike when the weather is awful which it nearly always is . 
  and what of all the old people ? 
  they need their cars to get around . 
  ca n't expect them to walk to do their grocery shopping and lug everything back home . 
  this so much !, 
  i hate it when people compare cars to public transport . 
  they are different things . 
  the experience is different , the functionality is different . 
  you ca n't take stuff with you on public transport without a huge hassle . 
  lots of people do n't have the physical condition to cycle . 
  i know a whole lot of elderly people who would never leave their house if it were n't for their car . 
  and cycling is nice when the weather is good , but it usually is n't . 
  and i ca n't do my shopping on a bike or with public transportation because i ca n't take enough stuff with me . 
  of course we could go back to victorian times when no one had a car , but why would anyone want that ? 
  people like their cars otherwise they would n't be paying so much money for them . 
  even if you improve public transport systems , at the end of the day they are still public transport . 
  it 's hugely annoying and not a good replacement of my car . 
  i imagine a world without paris . 
  knob gear, 
  religion is sometimes hard to distinguish from satire . 
  people really do anything to make themselves look more ridiculous . 
  so you want to force them to abandon their religion ? 
  because that 's the only way to fix religious fanatics . 
  when spain recognized the independence of the netherlands the provinces had been de facto independent for years . 
  the time between the declaration of independence and the recognition and peace was 80 years . 
  the independent provinces even had their own golden age while they were still being claimed by the habsburgs . 
  the declaration of independence ( plakkaat van verlaatinghe , or act of abjuration ) also claims that it was not really a declaration of independence but that the spanish king had neglected his duties as king regarding the netherlands , so in effect the king abandoned them instead of the other way around . 
  i think politicians generally focus too much on laws and not on reality . 
  you can keep saying crimea is part of ukraine but that is not how it is in the real world . 
  you can make a law , but if people ignore it 's worth nothing . 
  it 's like the blasphemy law they removed a few years ago , it had been unenforced for decades so in reality it did n't exist . 
  i believe that if friesland or some of the other northern provinces in the netherlands are serious about independence something will be worked out . 
  i ca n't imagine the government ordering the military to shoot their own citizens over a bit of land . 
  people are often very unwilling to that , as we have seen in libya and syria where soldiers defected because they did n't want to kill civilians . 
  i 'd much prefer seeing my country fall apart in different pieces than soldiers firing at citizens . 
  the country did just fine when they were a bunch of loosely organised provinces . 
  when the kingdom of the netherlands fell apart into belgium ( and later luxembourg split off ) things went fine . 
  the three low countries are doing fine as three seperate ones . 
  britain had a referendum on scotland and before that on the falkands . 
  before that australia and canada went their own way . 
  but then international relations are a bunch of horseshit anyway . 
  look at crimea . 
  does anyone seriously believe it is still part of ukraine ? 
  you can say it 's part of ukraine on paper but that does not reflect reality anymore . 
  but by that reasoning most countries came into being in an illegal way . 
  the netherlands gained independence from spain . 
  belgium gained independence from the netherlands . 
  hungary gained independence from the austrian empire and the list goes on . 
  does it really even matter if both bits are going to be in the eu anyway ? 
  and what exactly is the problem if the basques want to leave as well ? 
  there are places that split peacefully , such as chechoslovakia . 
  quite a few colonies went in a peaceful way as well . 
  i fixed it , thanks for making me aware of my failure , 
  i do n't even have his job and i 'm drinking too . 
  it 's just that drinking is not an excuse for being an asshat . 
  there are plenty of clips of juncker hitting his collegues over the head with his folder of work papers . 
  i much prefer our friendly drunk politicians who do n't turn into an arse after a few glasses of wine . 
  here is one of the ministers from belgium , who was known for liking his drinks , michel daerden . 
  he approaches the bench at 3:30 in the video , and he looks like he is pretty shitfaced . 
  has english subs . 
  just the look on the faces of some of the other politicians is hilarious . 
  but he seems like was a decent guy ( he died few years ago ) , while some people just become nasty when they are drunk . 
  oh , it is worth noting that daeren is speaking in dutch , while is native language is french , despite ( probably ) being pissed . 
  ** edit ** : i was too stupid ( or too drunk ) to post the link to the video .
