  tropical islands looks great , but can the kid swim ? 
  the type of voting machines that were used gave off some signal that can be received from 10 meters away , meaning that technically someone could listen in on your vote . 
  the concept of secret ballot is considered very important . 
  there was even some controversy ( not related to the voting machines ) about people posting a selfie with their paper vote filled out , which is not allowed since that would mean you could sell your vote and have proof of what you voted . 
  yeah , i was surprised that peanut butter was rare in other european countries , as it is so extremely common in the netherlands . 
  also used a lot to make indonesian-style peanut sauce . 
  i think most multinational corporations are technically in europe for tax avoidence ( not even tax doging , as it is legal ) by doing the double irish dutch sandwhich . 
  but i get your point , the jobs are not at those places . 
  ah , there are lots of roma here too for begging . 
  they enter trains to bother people with notes asking for money , or trying to ` sell ' paper handkerchiefs ( shoving them into your hands and demanding money ) . 
  perhaps saving for early retirement or something ? 
  or perhaps they do n't really care . 
  or perhaps it is some remnant of calvinist frugality or similar cutural things , in the sense that you are not supposed to show off wealth . 
  i know a a reformed family with a family business and they were really wealthy , but they were cheap even by dutch standards . 
  my grandparents lived through the recession in the 30s and the war in 40s , and years of shortages and relative poverty after that . 
  both sides were sitting on a lot of money and had a great retirement fund , but they would n't spend it . 
  they were saving it for bad times . 
  both sides of the family re-used tea bags . 
  i think many people may care about money , but not care about spending it . 
  i think partly because in many countries the employer has to pay a lot of social premiums on top of your salary , so perhaps the total cost is roughly the same ? 
  i think the cost to hire a person in the netherlands is in many cases twice that person 's gross salary . 
  and europeans also generally work fewer hours and have way more vacation time . 
  i also think the mentality is a bit different , most people i know prefer to work fewer hours or do an easier job , instead of making more money . 
  we used to have electronic voting machines , but we reverted back to paper and pencil voting . 
  i do n't feel that way , peanut butter is extremely common in the netherlands . 
  a peanutbutter sandwhich is pretty much the standard lunch people take to work/school . 
  maize , that they call corn . 
  it 's mostly used for animal fodder here , and not eaten regularly . 
  those are good burgers , walter . 
  you mean that britain expected to get invaded by romania ? 
  or romania to invade russia ? 
  i do n't think either would end well for romania . 
  i do n't think he is actually pro-russia at all , or even that many of his followers are . 
  it 's just that he dislikes the eu more , and he does n't give a shit about ukraine . 
  it seems he just wants an isolationist foreign policy . 
  perhaps they want to emphasise the ` foreign-ness ' of the gypsies ? 
  of course if you do n't consider someone a native after a 1000 years ... 
  i 'm not sure really . 
  i think there are very few true putin fans , or people who follow their propaganda news . 
  and the russian militia shot down mh17 . 
  but then the netherlands also recently voted against the ukraine cooperation agreement . 
  but that was n't to help putin , or to screw ukraine , it was probably mostly a way to show disagreement with the eu . 
  i hope you are right . 
  compounds are also very common in dutch and german . 
  i think english is really the exception among the germanic languages in they have have far fewer compound . 
  funny example from dutch : * arbeidsongeschiktheidsverzekeringsmaatschappij * but in theory you could string much more together . 
  this one means ` disability insurance company ' . 
  and not putting words together often changes the meaning . 
  red wine glasses for example : is it a glass for red wine , or is the glass itself red ? 
  * rodewijnglazen * - glasses meant for red wine * rode wijnglazen * - red glasses and the same is happening here , that many people make mistakes , likely because of english influence . 
  it is called english disease . 
  of course it 's only in the spelling that this matters , you can not hear any difference in the spoken language as you can not really hear spaces . 
  i think people generally distinguish words ( in germanic languages at least ) by listening for stress so they know when a new word begins . 
  i also do n't feel that trump will be as horrible as people are saying . 
  he already broke a bunch of election promises on day 1 . 
  i think that shows he may be more pragmatic than he appeared during the election . 
  those protesters should wait until they actually have something to protest , such as actual policies they disagree with . 
  that 's usually what happens when people threaten to leave the country if x happens . 
  they just say ` meh ' and move on . 
  but for a successful revolution you also need to be organised , or at least have a leader . 
  just a bunch of unhappy citizens is not a revolution . 
  and they did n't need a revolution anyway : they could just not have voted for trump . 
  are they actually getting paid or is it slave labour ? 
  edit : oh , you just answered that in the post above here . 
  i guess they did n't make me work enough at school so now i 'm stupid . 
  i think it 's a stupid idea regardless , as they are competing with people who actually need those jobs to live . 
  i never heard of blokzijler brok either , must be a regional thing . 
  even after watching the movie it does n't seem familar . 
  perhaps because you are not a kind anymore . 
  what is this ` europe ' you speak of ? 
  it does not exist . 
  why ? 
  in case of war we 'll just surrender anyway . 
  it 's not your fault that your country had two sort of not so great presidential candidates . 
  i think most people in yurop are able to see it that way . 
  think of it , you might meet a european trump supporter !, 
  even the stock markets did n't crash . 
  i 'd prefer to just give the person one free opportunity to change their name to whatever they want . 
  there are many reasons why people like or dislike their personal/family name , and they should be able to change it at least once . 
  i do n't feel the government would be a good judge of what is a decent name and what is n't . 
  i think that 5 plants is still the limit where it is allowed ( still illegal , just not enforced ) . 
  and only if it is for personal consumption . 
  but the pot stores sell a lot of weed every day , and they do n't get it from people with just 5 plants , they get it from professional ( criminal ) weed producers . 
  it is idiotic , you can openly buy weed in just about every city but producing it is illegal . 
  eesti can into space . 
  cyberspace , at least . 
  it will take a thousand years before we will get to vote online . 
  did he actually need to do that ? 
  i would hope that in sweden prisoners also get access to healthcare . 
  was he simply unaware ? 
  btw , i 'd rather have a day in prison than half an hour at the dentist . 
  not really , as it 's quite hard to escape from prison . 
  i remember a few years ago there was a bigger problem with people who still had to serve a prison sentence , but did n't show up . 
  because in all their wisdom they were not arrested by the police , but instead received a letter asking them to report at the prison to serve their sentence . 
  naturally , lots of them did n't show up and the letter only served as a warning . 
  escaping from prison . 
  as long as you do n't commit crimes during your escape , such as assaulting guards or destroying property , it is not a crime , because it is considered that the desire for freedom is natural . 
  of course it is seen as bad behaviour and you may not qualify for early release because of it , but it is in itself not a crime . 
  if you made a documentary about those people , it would be placed in the fiction section . 
  just by being someone 's consumer means you are paying them in some way , even if it 's just your personal information .
