  the people who live on those islands are not argentinians at all , they are british . 
  i sort of meant to say that , but maybe my wording was awkward . 
  we do n't know what the people before them were called though . 
  no , you would n't fire it at your own land obviously , the point is not to stop their military invasion but to damage their own country so much they will back down . 
  example : ze russians invade britain , britain ca n't stop them in a military way --  send nukes to all the great cities of russia . 
  since ze russians know this beforehand they wo n't even think about it . 
  in israel it is called the samson option . 
  if israel is overrun to the point the state of israel would cease to exist , they will take half the planet with them . 
  the threat of that should make much it less likely anyone would try unless they are insane . 
  that is a very long time ago if by western you mean people speaking indo-european languages ( which would include the iranians and many indians ) . 
  the basques are a remnant of pre-indo-european peoples , but they are definately considered western now . 
  i think the west/east only has meaning since the split of the christian churches around year 1000 , or christian world vs islamic world , or the cold war west vs east . 
  ca n't really apply it to wandering tribesmen or subsistance farmers that possibly did n't even have cities yet . 
  on the examples you gave : - iceland was uninhabited before it was settled by scandinavians and britons around 874 ad . 
  - france was known as gaul , then it was conquered by the romans and later by the franks who lent their name to the modern country . 
  france was inhabited before that though . 
  - germany is sort of the same . 
  inhabited by different celtic-speaking and slavic speaking tribes , then they were mostly small german-speaking states , and they unified in the 19th century . 
  - england has had an influx of so many different populations , best check out the wikipedia article on their history . 
  we know england has been populated from before it became an island , before that it was connected to the mainland ( doggerland is now under the north sea . 
  people still find bones from land mammals in the sea ) . 
  for what these early cultures were called , we mostly do n't know . 
  they did n't write , and they are called now by what modern archeologists have named their material culture . 
  names like hallstatt culture , funnel-beaker culture . 
  we mostly do n't know what these people called themselves or what personal names they used . 
  if it was threated to the point of getting overrun , yes . 
  but more importantly , no sane government would invade the country because of the risk of annihilation . 
  the tridents can even retaliate after all of britain is gone . 
  just after ww2 continental europe was in shambles and unable to defend themselves from the soviets . 
  i do n't think the now nato countries could have held off a serious invasion . 
  nukes seem to work out pretty well , i do n't think any country with nukes has been overrun since having them . 
  1 ) that 's precisely what people do n't want , since the european governments never agree on foreign policy . 
  britain and france are much more interventionist than germany or belgium . 
  there is little common ground here . 
  2 ) not sure about this . 
  eurobonds just means the northern countries can bankroll places like greece and they will see no need to reform their economies . 
  the main problem is not debt , it 's that the greek economy is not competetive compared to f.e. 
  germany . 
  unless they fix that it 'll be broke forever . 
  3 ) not all countries are even in nato . 
  and what would we need a eu military for if we are already in nato ? 
  and eu and/or nato countries already have the freedom not to go along with american interventions , the germans pretty much never went along and they are doing fine . 
  4 ) that might be the case but nobody knows how the eu actually functions . 
  it rarely makes the news except for blahblah about money or weird laws . 
  not for the falklands , but it 's a good idea to have some ultimate deterrent so no other country will attack you . 
  and yet everyone knows the argies will continue to whine about the `` malvinas '' until the end of time ... 
  we should make a clear distinction between developing and undeveloping countries . 
  development implies progress . 
  according to the danes it 's not a developing country because they do n't even know it 's a country !, 
  well , is the netherlands nordic or is denmark more continental ? 
  when i was in denmark everything was the same as it was back home , super flat country , same weather , and the people even sounded like i could almost understand them . 
  so not much different from the dutch countryside where people also sound like i could almost understand them . 
  fingers on buzzers please , it 's time for general ignorance . 
  a polish person named dijkstra ? 
  the world has never been stranger . 
  fyrom is a name used for macedonia by butthurt greeks who ca n't stand that they call themselves macedonians . 
  i think it is very difficult to say when something is a language and when it is n't . 
  the scandinavian languages are of course also languages because they are countries . 
  if they were unified perhaps there would be some prestige dialect that would be used in media and education , and everything else would be a dialect of that language . 
  a bit like in germany : low saxon is actually fairly different from the southern varieties . 
  low saxon also continues across the border into the netherlands . 
  it 's really hard to say where one language ends and the other starts . 
  are the languages close enough that you can just get by with speaking macedonian in bulgaria ? 
  we no longer have to wonder as to whether he is a spear-dane or a shield-dane . 
  yes , but i just tried to explain why english is harder for the average french person , so why there are more people speaking english well in the netherlands . 
  when learning french i found the differences in stress a bit difficult when listening to someone . 
  and i bet they want a bailout from solventia . 
  what ? 
  they speak english in what ? 
  a clean water wash down there sounds like it would be really cold . 
  it 's also false , i ca n't understand a word the austrians are saying when they speak german . 
  one other thing : stress in english or other germanic languages is so very different from stress in french . 
  sometimes french almost seems to have no stressed syllables compared to english or dutch . 
  you kept the spanish empire busy so we could get our freedom !, 
  yes , they speak german in austria , but hungary was part of the austrian empire . 
  hungarian is from a completely different language family though . 
  it was a multi-ethnic empire with germans , hungarians , yugoslavs , czechs and so on . 
  turkey has quite a few areas of high elevation . 
  they probably have more snow than denmark which is much farther north but is also very low-lying and flat and benefits from the warm atlantic . 
  the strange thing is that he was n't even turkish , but back then they sometimes used ` turk ' for people who converted to islam . 
  is it really too cold ? 
  there are snakes in scandinavia and russia in places that are likely much colder than ireland . 
  it 's like lenin said , you follow the money and uuh ... you know ... you know what i 'm trying to say . 
  it 's always nice to have the colonies here . 
  the netherlands does not have two capitals , it 's just that the seat of government is not in the capital . 
  amsterdam is the capital , but the hague is the seat of government . 
  the king has a ` work palace ' in the hague near the government buildings . 
  is n't that harrassment ? 
  it 's none of her business what other people are doing . 
  so basically brownshirts ? 
  people should leave policing to the police and not form their own gangs to intimidate people to act a certain way . 
  is there another kind of student that is n't poor ? 
  we like germoney now . 
  source : am swamp german . 
  it just feels so strange to me , 4th may is remembrance day here , and the 5th of may is liberation day . 
  tv is filled with ww2 documentaries these days . 
  but it 's certainly a welcome change , people today no longer harbour any resentment towards the germans . 
  or `` to blame for ww1 '' . 
  funny how germany is `` so powerful '' but no mention of `` to blame for ww2 '' . 
  still sounds better than `` poor '' or `` broke '' .
