  who of course has either ` breaking news ' or ` an exclusive cnn report ' . 
  another great example is this one , where the ` breaking news ' was that the titanic sunk 102 years ago . 
  shit , someone could have told you that in 1912 . 
  picture : http://cdn.newsbusters.org/images/2014/april/breakingnews!%20 ( 1 ) . jpg contrast with the dutch news , where you need coffee to stay awake . 
  the belgian ( flemish ) news is even worse , they talk very slowly and without any emotion at all . 
  here is a funny clip about the difference between uk and us news about ebola . 
  it 's exaggerated of course by picking out the more crazy news stations , but still funny : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=laz-f1qnyck now my post looks like a rant against the us , which was not my intention at all . 
  it 's just that their politics and news media are a bit over the top in my opinion . 
  and it became a rant again , 
  perhaps it would be a nice idea to study abroad for a year as an international student ? 
  if you continued your studies in , say , paris , you coul still easily make weekend trips to amsterdam or berlin for example . 
  and you would experience normal life in paris ( just an example btw ) . 
  paris , berlin , amsterdam should all have enough artsy stuff . 
  keep in mind that some of the artsy events might be in the local language . 
  and most cities with universities have quite a nightlife . 
  here is a list of museums in the netherlands . 
  amsterdam has quite a few art museums with both modern art and the old masters and everything in between . 
  also of interest is number 12 , the kr\u00f6ller-m\u00fcller , which is situated in a national park . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_most_visited_museums_in_the_netherlands the netherlands is also quite small , so everything is easily within a day 's travel . 
  amsterdam and nearby utrecht should have plenty of theater and music events as well , and quite the nightlife . 
  nah , it 's not really a big deal , especially in foreign languages . 
  historically holland was the most important part of the country , and it was just the western bit near the coast . 
  today there are two provinces named north holland and south holland . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/holland many people outside of those two provinces would n't like to be included in holland . 
  it 's not really a big deal , and most people understand that other languages use different terms . 
  we call egypt egypt and not masr , as the locals call it . 
  the dutch are guilty of it too , as we often use england for britain . 
  so not a big deal , but i would use ` the netherlands ' if you ever come to visit here . 
  it 's the official and more politically neutral name . 
  it 's also not a plural in dutch , and does n't need a definite article : nederland . 
  the plural is probably from when it was a semi-federation of dutch provinces , which is a few centuries ago . 
  i think he means ethnic nationalism as opposed to civic nationalism . 
  if you are turkish and you move to the netherlands , you and your offspring will be seen by the locals as turks and not as dutch . 
  and it works in reverse as well , most turks here seem to support turkish football clubs for example , and when their kids graduate they fly the turkish flag and not the dutch one . 
  i do n't think there is more nationalism here , it 's just that it 's based on ethnicity and not citizenship . 
  as trump is one of the most popular candidates i do n't think pc caught on among the general public . 
  he took verbal shots at mexicans , muslims and women , and he said he could openly shoot someone in the street and he still would n't lose votes . 
  the netherlands !, 
  english almost has a dual vocabulary in places . 
  they have a word of germanic origin for a lot of things , but next to it a similar word of french/latin origin . 
  chicken vs poultry , pig vs pork , cow vs beef . 
  i 've heard this is because the common people who handled the animals used the germanic word , while the ruling class of normans used a french word when the meat was on their plate . 
  there are many loanwords in english , but at its root it is still a germanic language . 
  when you look at old english , the grammar is somewhat similar to german as well , with genders and the case system . 
  they do n't call it the great patriotic war for nothing . 
  early in the war it could have been a courageous last stand for all they knew , but a few years later they steamrolled berlin . 
  they did get supplies from the west though , as they were not really prepared when the germans invaded . 
  and i hate to say it , but it was also a great achievement by the germans . 
  they conquered most of europe , mostly by themselves . 
  you did n't list the netherlands , but i think it is a fairly similar country to the ones you mentioned . 
  there have n't been any real terror attacks in the netherlands for a long time ( last thing that could be considered fundie terrorism is the murder of theo van gogh in 2004 or so ) . 
  that said , there is n't so much stigma against certain nationalities , but there is a general dislike of muslims among large parts of the population . 
  there is even the pvv , a party that opposes islam and the eu . 
  they are currently the largest party in the polls at 28 seats ( the second largest is at 27 ) of 150 , which means some 19 % of the population support them . 
  now people may assume you are muslim , but i do n't think there would be any problems . 
  there have been incidents where people put a dead pig 's head in front of a mosque , things like that , or people being nasty to women with islamic dress , but those things would n't affect you as you are an atheist . 
  some 20 % ( depending on which poll/study ) of people in the netherlands are religious , the other ones are either ` ietsist ' ( meaning they believe in ` something higher ' but not religious ) , or atheist . 
  most of the people i know are atheists of at least not religious , and the religious people usually see it as a private matter . 
  as an atheist you would fit right in . 
  if you scroll down to the ` tendencies ' paragraph , there is a nice pie chart that shows only 14 % of people are theists . 
  there are actually more ` catholics ' in the country than 14 % , which looks contradictory , but that is just because people are baptised or want to get married/buried in church , not because they believe in god . 
  and even the sincerely religious people are very different from the louder christian groups in the us . 
  the us has a few special brands of christianity such as evangelicals , mormons and jehovah 's witnesses , who take a radical approach to their religion . 
  there are n't many people of indian descent in the country , except for a few surinamese people . 
  during colonial times people from the indian subcontinent came to suriname for work . 
  suriname has interesting demographics btw , i think it has both more hindus and muslims per capita than any other country in the americas , except perhaps neighbouring british guyana . 
  the country is a mix of people from the indian subcontinent , mostly muslims from indonesia , people descended from african slaves , people of european origin , and chinese people , and indigenous caribbean people . 
  the largest groups of muslims here are moroccans and turks . 
  people may mistake you for one , but i do n't think you really look moroccan or turkish . 
  and even if they do , there are lots of turks around where i live and no problems at all . 
  there are turkish stores here , and also the natives go there to eat kebab and stuff . 
  there is n't anything close to a race war , and i do n't think we ever had one here . 
  the last major violence was ww2 , and the last wave of terrorism was decades ago , caused by moluccans who got the short end of the stick when indonesia was decolonised and they never got their own state that they were promised . 
  also , assuming you have us citizenship , you are allowed to live and work freelance under the daft treaty . 
  of course you could also get sponsored for a work visa if you got the skills or the resume . 
  i think the biggest hurdle for you would be the drop in pay . 
  i know software engineers are paid a lot in the us , but not so much in most of europe . 
  about feminism , one big difference i see between the netherlands and the scandinavian countries is prostitution . 
  i think that in most scandinavian countries they wo n't punish the prostitute , but they might go after their customers . 
  in the netherlands it is completely legal for both parties , as long as it happens in an official manner . 
  and as many others have pointed out , once people hear you speak with an american accent ( either in english or in the local language ) , they will probably immediately see you as american before anything else . 
  and maybe pester you a bit about this ridiculous run-up to the elections . 
  the us elections are covered on the news here quite a bit , and it is almost unbelievable . 
  i 've been watching the news with my dad a lot lately , and he compared current us politics with someone who was always a few cards short of a deck , but who had now completely lost it . 
  it seems both the us and britain are politically in shambles . 
  these are sad days for our anglo-saxon brothers . 
  oh , before moving somewhere you might want to visit on holiday first . 
  i think there really is a sort of ` national demeanor ' . 
  to use some stereotypes , americans are loud , sometimes weirdly polite/formal , and smile a lot . 
  now go watch an interview with f1 drivers kimi raikonen or mika hakkinen . 
  no smiles , and very terse replies . 
  or president putin : he does n't smile when he adresses a crowd , if he did they would think he lost his marbles . 
  here is a funny picture of a bus stop in finland that has been posted a few times on reddit : http://i.imgur.com/fpv0whf.jpg so i would visit to see if you like the people . 
  and the weather . 
  the countries you mentioned are warmer than you would expect from their latitude , but for example finland can get pretty cold . 
  and if you decide to move , make sure to learn the language , otherwise it 's hard to make friends even if they all speak english . 
  hmm , this became quite a rant . 
  maybe i should n't be drinking rum this late at night . 
  i 'm not really a fan of seeing socialism and capitalism as a dichotomy . 
  but most third world countries are not known for their economic freedom , and are actually not very capitalistic at all .
