  if you are serious about wanting to live in a place , try to learn the local language . 
  there are even many people who are bilingual or trilingual just to get by in their native country . 
  india is a good example . 
  it 's not impossible to learn a new language . 
  you could probably easily get by with just in english in cities such as amsterdam or stockholm , but to truly become part of the society you 'll need the local language . 
  if were in charge of france , i would have banned the academy . 
  i really do n't like that approach to language . 
  the netherlands started an independence war in 1568 , when the eighty years war started , of which the last part was the thirty years war . 
  funnily our golden age and our colonial empire started during that war . 
  my ancestors actually fled * to * the dutch republic when it was still at war . 
  from the time before we mostly learn generic european and world history . 
  we learn about * hunebedden * ( dolmens ) that exist in the netherlands , but of course also in many other countries . 
  we also learned about the roman empire , as the border ran right through the netherlands and a few cities on the rhine were founded or named by the romans : utrecht for example was originally traiectum and was part of the * limes germanicus * , their border with ` germania ' . 
  then we get to maybe a more foundational figure , karel de grote ( charlemagne ) . 
  he was more or less the founder of the empire that included the low countries , germany and france . 
  this is really the first part of ` our ' history as charlie was frankish ( and the franks came from the netherlands originally ) and his throne in aachen is in germany but next to the borders of the netherlands and belgium . 
  then we learn some other medieval stuff such as the hanseatic league probably , the viking raids , the medieval trade guilds , the crusaders , and so on . 
  all this stuff is covered only a little bit from what i remember . 
  and then we get to the reformation and the beeldenstorm ( iconoclasm ) where protestants destroyed the inside of catholic churches , and a war of independence ( from the spanish habsburgs ) followed . 
  that is where our anthem comes from , the wilhelmus . 
  but most of our history is focused on the 20th century . 
  world war 2 is the main topic , i 'd say about 50 % of history classes i had were about ww2 and the aftermath . 
  it is hard to overstate how the entire culture is permeated by the trauma that was ww2 . 
  it is everywhere : pretty much during all of springtime in the runup to remembrance day and liberation day there are tv programmes about ww2 . 
  in my hometown there are about 50 war monuments . 
  our school had ` adopted ' one and we went there every year with survivors and veterans . 
  a lot of dutch literature was about ww2 or its aftermath . 
  i think that when i was in school only two of the books i read were * not * about ww2 . 
  when i was younger there were a lot of war movies and tv shows on . 
  british comedies such as allo allo and dad 's army . 
  and famous movies such as the longest day , and a bridge too far ( that last one is about operation market garden , which took place in the area i live , the events were in arnhem and nijmegen but it was filmed in nearby deventer because they still , well , had a pre-ww2 bridge ) . 
  the movie oorlogswinter ( in dutch ) , called winter in wartime in english . 
  i have n't seen the movie but i have read the book it is based on , by author jan terlouw . 
  a very exciting story of a boy ( and his friends ) who gets involved with the resistance during ww2 . 
  the movie was very well received . 
  and his wife is hungarian , still does n't stop him ranting against workers from central/eastern europe . 
  indonesians and indo people are pretty much considered part of dutch culture though , and they are regarded very differently from moroccan or turkish minorities . 
  he is sometimes mockingly called mozart because of it . 
  hehe , i find most pilsner type beers are fairly similar . 
  most people probably could n't tell whether they were drinking tyskie or heineken , it is all fairly similar in my view . 
  i like beer , but most pilsner beers are more or less the same . 
  except for hertog jan and palm of course , they are wonderful . 
  and gulpener , but that one is often hard to find . 
  also in reply to / u/schwertritter, 
  ah , had n't noticed that  in the netherlands people often use english names and words in marketing , but while people understand the meaning they often do n't care what it says . 
  i do n't think it would really stop guys from ordering that . 
  in many european countries eating out is hugely expensive , because of the high cost of labour . 
  it costs a fortune to employ someone . 
  food from the grocery store is generally every inexpensive so you could make a burger at home for next to nothing , but once someone from a restaurant has to handle your food it becomes worth more than gold . 
  a while ago i had a burger + fries + one beer , and i was also down 15 euro . 
  at the grocery store i could have bought a bunch of hamburgers and bread , and two crates of beer for that money . 
  what do you mean ? 
  i have never eaten chicken nuggets btw , i do n't think they are popular over here . 
  it 's also sold in the netherlands these days . 
  helmets are extremely uncommon here . 
  cycling infrastructure is very good here , and cycling lanes are usually seperated from the car lanes . 
  you are n't much more likely to bump your head when cycling then when walking , or showering , or walking the stairs at home . 
  but nobody puts on a helmet when they go upstairs at their own home . 
  here is a topic about helmets , and it quickly went to how helmets were not used in the netherlands . 
  there are two links to youtube videos , one of a sped up clip of rush hour in the netherlands ( no helmets to be seen really ) , and another video of dutch people explaining why they are not wearing a helmet ( and other cycling customs here ) : https://www.reddit.com/r/cycling/comments/51ngn9/im_the_only_person_who_wears_a_helmet_on_my/ also for / u/paperiolento, 
  aside from the bread , i learned i am almost french . 
  yes , there are a bunch of american-style rib and steak restaurants . 
  here is an example : http://www.ribhousetexas.nl/ the names under the pictures are the towns where they are , which are mostly fairly rural places . 
  ` foto 's ' means photographs , so that will give you an impression of what each of those restaurants looks like . 
  ` menukaart ' means menu , so you get an idea of what they serve . 
  it seems to revolve mostly around ribs and steaks . 
  also , things such as ` corn on the cob ' are somewhat uncommon in the netherlands . 
  most corn ( maize ) here is grown to be used as animal fodder . 
  and of course some of the major fast food chains have their presence here as well , almost every city has a macdonald 's and/or a burger king . 
  there is also a kfc not far from where i live . 
  those chains sometimes adapt the food to local tastes . 
  macdonald 's serves their fries with `` american '' sauce , which is basically mayonaise with herbs in it , because in the netherlands people usually eat fries with mayonaise ( as noted in pulp fiction by jules : ` they fucking drown 'em in it ' ) . 
  fries with ketchup is very uncommon . 
  macdonald 's also creates things such as the mckroket . 
  the ` kroket ' is usually breaded and deep-fried beef-ragout that is very popular here , so macdonald 's decided to make their own version of it . 
  here are some observations from someone who has visited mcdo in a bunch of countries . 
  it seems they needed to adapt to be successful : https://remarkabletravels.com/2014/01/04/a-mctravellers-guide-to-mcdonalds-across-the-world/, 
  no , it is because there is a lack of spelling updates in english . 
  other languages also change but some of them get regular updates . 
  dutch had a spelling/grammar update in 1996 , and again in 2006 , to reflect how modern people talk . 
  the advantage is that you generally know how to spell a word just by the sound of it . 
  the advantage of not updating spelling is that english speakers can easily read shakespeare , while for a dutch speaker anything more than 150 years old is very hard to read . 
  tolkien uses those vaguely archaic words a lot . 
  people go ` hither and thither ' . 
  how did you come to be a pan-celtic slav ? 
  but that is how language changes . 
  the next generation of people will speak a ` sloppy ' version how we talk , and we speak a sloppy version of how parents and grandparents talked . 
  i remember a youtube video where they gave examples of older versions of dutch ( a frankish language ) . 
  the language used to have a lot more syllables , but people stopped pronouncing them . 
  still , french is not really one of the harder languages for english speakers . 
  they share a lot of vocabulary , and basic grammar of french is n't that hard . 
  languages such as finnish or arabic will be much , much harder for an english speaker . 
  most languages have some form of gender , or noun class . 
  french has two genders , german has three , but swahili for example has 18 noun classes . 
  must be really hard to learn for foreigners . 
  and genders also do n't carry over , you need learn them all over for every new language you learn . 
  the sun is masculine in french , but femine in german . 
  the reverse is true for the moon . 
  technically you do n't need to teach french to french children , because people always know their native language . 
  they may not get the official spelling right or they may use a variation of the ` official ' grammar , but they are still speaking a form of french .
