  the luddites have been saying this nonsense since about 1800 . 
  every time someone invents a slightly better machine it 's `` oh noes !, 
  we 'll all be unemployed within a decade ! '' . 
  but somehow it never happened . 
  he was n't in it to win . 
  nobody wants to form a government with him anyway , so it does n't really matter how many seats he has . 
  he could have gloated that the left-wing establishment does n't want to govern with him if he became the largest party , but he can do that as the second largest party as well . 
  he is currently the second largest party at 20 seats , with 95 % of votes counted . 
  coalition cabinets in the netherlands have a tendency to fall apart . 
  the largest party tody had 33 out of 150 seats , and 76 are needed for a majority , so it 's generally always multiple parties . 
  if they disagree and one of the parties walks away , the coalition can lose their majority , and once that happens there will be new elections . 
  i think this cabinet is the first one to finish the complete four years since the one from 1994-1998 . 
  and geert wilders ( pvv ) became the second-largest party at 20/150 seats , but nobody wants to cooperate with him . 
  i think that the most likely government is a mainstream or vaguely progressive centre-right one . 
  95 % of votes are counted at this time . 
  btw , this is how large our voting form was . 
  every column is a different party . 
  i also struggled with folding it back together . 
  voting stopped not even 30 minutes ago . 
  these are just exit polls . 
  it 's 21:30 now , it will probably take until the morning for the true result . 
  it 's a satirical news website with a somewhat right-wing or populist slant . 
  make of it what you will . 
  is n't mohammedan considered an insult ? 
  that is what i was taught : muslims do not worship mohammed , they only worship god . 
  would be a nice name then  although the same name could be applied to denmark . 
  there is opposition to offshore windfarms as well , if they are anywhere near the coast . 
  the wadden area is a protected area , as are some areas in the south . 
  tourists are in between . 
  and of course rotterdam is one of the busiest harbours in the world , and there is also traffic towards antwerp . 
  there are plans for some offshore windfarms , but i 'm not really sure how large or when they 'll be realised . 
  what is the word for lowland ? 
  the dutch form nederland is also singular and not plural , since we are no longer a bunch of provinces but a united kingdom . 
  it also helps that cycling infrastructure is pretty good here . 
  in many places there is the road , then a bit of grass , then the cycling lane , and then the pedestrian lane . 
  and they often have their own traffic lights , similar to pedestrians ( press the button ) . 
  to make it really safe for cycling , there needs to be political will to achieve these things . 
  if very few people cycle , that 'll be harder . 
  i think it 's no coincidence that denmark also has the same cycling culture , as the land is just as flat there . 
  your description made me think of guys in geordie shore . 
  yes , it is aired here as well , sadly . 
  i posted this elsewhere in the thread :  we also got a ` cycling diploma ' in primary school . 
  we had to prepare for a test about general traffic rules and safety , and also do it in practice : we had to cycle to different checkpoints in town and there were volunteers on the side of the road to watch us and take notes . 
  it also think that the fact that pretty much everyone here cycles , such as for going to school , people are generally considerate of cyclists . 
  it 's not a legal requiment for cycling , but it helps that nearly everyone take a test like this . 
  perhaps some cyclists may be reckless or do stupid things because they only started cycling later in life , or are of the sporty type . 
  those tour-de-france style cyclists also have a bad reputation at times here , as some of them are known for risky behaviour . 
  we also got a ` cycling diploma ' in primary school . 
  we had to prepare for a test about general traffic rules and safety , and also do it in practice : we had to cycle to different checkpoints in town and there were volunteers on the side of the road to watch us and take notes . 
  it also think that the fact that pretty much everyone here cycles , such as for going to school , people are generally considerate of cyclists . 
  and the cycling infrastructure is good , it 's really built with cyclists in mind . 
  yes , you had the [ norse-gaels ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/norse%e2%80%93gaels ) , vikings who settled in the british isles and ireland . 
  quite a few modern names are ` gaelified ' norse names . 
  also interesting to note : the later settlement of iceland may have also involved these regions , as icelandic dna comes mainly from the norse on the male side , but partly from the celtic regions on the female side . 
  great time period and region in the game crusader kings 2 with the viking age expansion . 
  it 's quite fun to raid britain or ireland and settle there . 
  winter is coming ? 
  he 's dead but i 'm still breathing . 
  just keep swallowing . 
  this is not food . 
  if it 's the culture of a region to kidnap foreigners for ransom money and behead them , perhaps something should be done about it ? 
  i agree that the man was possibly an idiot for getting caught twice by other idiots , even though i do n't want to speak ill of the dead . 
  but these abu sayyaf people , why are they still there ? 
  surely there is enough rope to get rid of them . 
  president duterte seems a hardliner who does n't take these things lightly . 
  sure , the guy might have been an idiot for getting caught twice in dangerous areas of the world . 
  but i would hope his death be avenged , you can not just let these abu sayyaf savages go about beheading people and getting away with it . 
  there must be one among the 28 political parties that are participating in the upcoming election . 
  here are some pictures posted elsewhere in this thread : [ hms victory ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5w4o8y/the_worlds_oldest_naval_ship_still_in_commission/de7jf2b/ ) . 
  as you can see on the first picture , it has three gun decks stacked on top of each other . 
  that ship could unload a massive amount of `` fuck you '' to any ship flanking them . 
  of course [ / u/inlandpro ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/europe/comments/5w4o8y/the_worlds_oldest_naval_ship_still_in_commission/de7hkc3/ ) had a more comprehensive reply . 
  the netherlands also had a blasphemy law , it was abolished in 2013 or somewhere around that time . 
  we also had a very conservative christian political party that banned women from holding official positions . 
  who cares about people in gibraltar smuggling cigarettes ? 
  that happens probably at every border within the eu . 
  people cross the border for cheap cigarettes/booze and stuff that 's illegal in their country ( weed , fireworks ) . 
  the real answer is that this map was probably made by a dutch-speaker . 
  and that dutch would be the dominant language by far in a united benelux with some 22-23 million speakers , and just 5-6 million people speaking french/german/luxembourgish . 
  the idea is n't realistic anyway , it 's just a fictional map . 
  and while most people in flanders speak french , most people in the netherlands do n't . 
  we have french classes in school , but most people end up knowing english fairly well , can understand german , and completely suck at french . 
  nah , just 4 million or so , 
  vlaams is flemish , and wallon refers to wallonia ( the french-speaking part ) . 
  the french word for flemish brabant is * brabant flamand * . 
  it 's interesting that the origin of the name walloon essentially means foreigner , someone who speaks a different language . 
  also for wales and wallachia and a bunch of other places : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walhaz, 
  you mean * je maintiendrai * ? 
  because nobody in the netherlands speaks french . 
  in the european parliament , smaller countries get more seats compared to their population . 
  so uniting would reduce influence in the eu . 
  no , not at all . 
  there is cooperation through the benelux , and of course through the eu , but unification is n't really on the table anywhere . 
  aside from lack of popular support , it would probably require major changes in the constitutions of three countries , so it 's not going to happen . 
  spoken by third world countries and the french ? 
  better speak german , w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk !, 
  that was one of my showerthoughts : if you just create more borders , you have just increased international trade !, 
  too soon . 
  sometimes people have weird family names . 
  perhaps his ancestor was just a boy when he needed a name , so they named him gar\u00e7on ?
