  oh , i did not know that . 
  but surely they could expect people pissing everywhere if there are pubs nearby ? 
  in most places there are very few public toilets and drinking beer makes people urinate . 
  surely greeks also piss outdoors if they need to . 
  even people in the netherlands like germany . 
  the germans are good at being forgiven . 
  i do n't think they did , it 's popular to shit on greece these days . 
  but in dutch * engeland * is easier to say than * brittanni\u00eb * , at least in my opinion . 
  because of historical reasons people often refer to other countries in a way that is no longer correct . 
  the name of germany : the french call it * allemagne * after the allemanni tribe , which was only in southwest germany . 
  the finnish people refer to germany as * saksa * , meaning saxons who only live in the northern part . 
  all of those refer to only a part of the country , but modern french/finnish speakers know that it means the whole country . 
  perhaps everyone should use a local variation of * deutschland * , but that is not going to happen . 
  i think it is more a linguistic thing than a misconception . 
  in many languages england is the term that stuck , even though people know it is the uk and not just england . 
  everyone outside of britain knows england is just another word for britain . 
  but they also do that shit at home . 
  it 's the same in the netherlands , drunk people pee everywhere because alcohol makes you pee all the time , and they are noisy because drunk people are noisy . 
  i do n't see much difference between the drunk tourists and the drunk locals . 
  everyone likes germany , except greece . 
  it looks suspiciously like failed bluff . 
  except i do n't know what they were trying to get away with . 
  the only reason to believe they had a plan is because everyone would have had a plan in such a situation . 
  but there was no indication they had one . 
  - vote yes on an offer that has already expired - vote no on an offer that has already expired they voted no , and now accept a deal that is even worse . 
  yeah , the referendum was a waste . 
  means king ? 
  from what i know germanic languages have been shortening their words for some time . 
  were n't the british and dutch kind of jerks when they wanted their money back ? 
  so it would keep almost everyone out of eu politics . 
  i think it should be as accessible as possible for normal people to enter politics , no language requirements . 
  i heard about it on tv a few years ago and i have n't heard anything since . 
  probably just some kickstarter-type project that did n't make it . 
  but the byzantines were n't really roman , they were greeks who lived in a rump state left over from the roman empire . 
  then they got roflstomped by some arab and turkish tribes . 
  look where they are now , they are shit broke . 
  the romans lost to brennus and his gauls , the vandals , the suebi , the lombards , the ostrogoths , the visigoths , the huns , the franks , and they yielded england to the saxons . 
  during the middle-ages the elite pretty much everywhere were `` barbarians '' . 
  the holy roman empire of the german nation was a successor to the western roman empire and it held out 350 years longer than the greek usurpers . 
  this is glorious yurop where the roofs are made of gold and everyone is always drunk . 
  the roman empire was n't great , every little barbarian tribe roflstomped them . 
  the frankish empire , now that one was great . 
  it spawned all the cool countries + france . 
  dutch is the last remnant of old frankish . 
  the french stopped using their beautiful language and adopted mispronounced latin . 
  i never felt caffeine does a lot for me personally . 
  some people say they ca n't sleep but it has never helped me stay awake or anything . 
  i still think this is just stupid , kids are just going to drink loads of cokes or whatever the new fad is if they ca n't get energy drinks anymore and it will just be as unhealthy . 
  they will just drink more of it to get the same kick . 
  i think the main difference between energy drinks and coke-likes is that energy drinks contain taurine . 
  taurine is just a proteine found in meat , but i heard it enhances the effects of caffeine . 
  not sure if that 's true or not , but it 's the main difference between energy drinks and coke . 
  same people buy shots of vodka or whatever ? 
  just a quick fix . 
  so unfair :(, 
  but it would be a huge barrier to people entering politics if they have to learn latin first , and also a barrier as their audience ( the voters ) do n't understand them . 
  and the romance language speakers would still have a huge advantage when learning it as they sort of speak vulgar latin . 
  but the germanic peoples have ruled the world long before that . 
  charlemagne is the father of europe and by extension the wooooorld !, 
  why ? 
  almost no one speaks catholic . 
  does n't mean english is his native language . 
  like everything else , it was taken over by the germans : the holy roman empire of the german nation . 
  ok ok , the most beautiful language after dutch . 
  and we shall name them hooligans . 
  i just could n't resist . 
  it was n't meant as a jab at russians . 
  remember , if someone has a foreign accent it means he knows a second language . 
  i do n't see that happening . 
  there is no common european/western stance , and europe depends on russia for natural resources so they will never take a stand . 
  it 's all talk , and it just antagonises russians even more . 
  putin has very high approval ratings . 
  any change he is given to give the finger to the west he will take it . 
  one of the important party members was personally targeted by the sanctions and he bragged about it , saying that it was proof he was serving russia 's interests . 
  these people have a lost-empire complex and anything the west does against them will be met with more crazy nationalism . 
  and the eu countries such as germany are limited by public opinion . 
  our current pm in the netherlands does n't even have the support of his own party for the current deal as his platform was `` no more money to greece '' . 
  in the end they will likely approve but they need to put up a show for the general public . 
  would n't sanctions just make the nationalists more appealing ? 
  now the stupid westerners are really affecting their lives in a negative way . 
  i think if this continues the person after putin may be some super ultra nationalist with a lot of butthurt against europe and the us . 
  there is only pravda . 
  nationalism is pretty stronk in russia , i do n't think if their country crashed many people would want independence except for a few minorities in the caucasus . 
  and a country that is crushed economically can me very dangerous . 
  look at how hitler came to power and managed to build one of the most powerful armies ever seen from a country that was crippled . 
  the danger is n't the current russian government , it 's the potentially crazy people that will come to power when this one falls . 
  why did the us control all those pacific islands and the phillippines ? 
  why did the us control panama ? 
  it 's not the land , it 's the strategic interests , real or perceived . 
  in ukraine they elected a government that was not pro-russian so they invadaded crimea to keep control of `` their '' harbour in the black sea . 
  i ca n't understand him at all . 
  just keep subtitling him please . 
  this also happens in the netherlands sometimes . 
  i remember they had to remove someone from the audience in parliament last year and the guy started shouting in a northern dialect , and they subtitled him on the news because no one could understand him , not a single thing . 
  later in a comedy piece they showed that scene without the subtitles and people found it hilarious because it just sounds like gibberish to anyone who is not from the region . 
  they often subtitle flemish people ( the dutch speakers from belgium ) on dutch tv , and vice versa . 
  the dutch dialects near the borders with germany sound similar to the german of northern germany . 
  i think you could consider it a dutch-german dialect continuum that in modern times has two official standard languages to cover that up . 
  i think it is because french has less stress in words so it sounds like an emotionless stream of words compared to dutch or english . 
  french just goes on without any rythm or meter .
