  then why vote republican ? 
  the us needs a proportional voting system so parties such as the libertarian party can get off the ground . 
  the way it is now it 's just two big parties and the rest does n't matter . 
  fptp is ridiculously old-fashioned . 
  religious fundamentalists . 
  i 'd expect to be lumped in with the german cunts , not the english cunts . 
  swamp german forever !, 
  cornwall has a less shitty climate than the rest of england , at least that is the reputation the place has . 
  and the dutch coastline is all just sandy beaches or sand dunes , there are no hills or mountains in the netherlands ( well , there 's a mountain in the caribbean , but that 's farther away than cornwall ) . 
  the coastline of cornwall has rocks , cliffs and mountains . 
  i do n't know of any tv show , but then i do n't like most dutch tv shows anyway . 
  yup , but since they are still making the show the top gear guys have been off the air for a long time . 
  and that amazon streaming service does n't even exist in the netherlands . 
  not really interested in the new bbc top gear either , i just liked the trio and their craziness , do n't care about cars at all . 
  `` welcome to the free world . '', 
  typical jeremy clarkson . 
  he once said something like `` we sent the christians to america and the criminals to australia . '', 
  but do n't worry , he is an equal opportunity offender who regularly shits on france and germany as well . 
  i miss him on tv :(, 
  sometimes they do need to speak before people notice they are american : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40xspbwmtba, 
  to me it screams 1980s . 
  you might want to check / r/iwantout to get an idea of how difficult it can be to get a work visa in europe . 
  most countries require you to have a specific skill/education that is in demand in that country . 
  since in most countries you will need a local company to sponsor you ( which costs them money and time ) they will take a local if that person has the same skillset . 
  another option is to work for a us company that sends their employees abroad . 
  in some countries you are also allowed to live their if you are self-employed , or if you invest a lot of money in the country . 
  bad boys bad boys , watcha gon na do , watcha gon na do when they come for you ? 
  similar to germany , we also have low saxon and franconian dialects ( or regional languages ) . 
  have you seen django unchained ? 
  one of the main characters is german and he speaks very clearly . 
  many of the other characters speak english with a strong southern accent , or african american vernacular english . 
  they were harder to understand for me than the german , dr schultz . 
  although this could also be because the actor has a fairly slow and clear way of speaking , even in the other languages he speaks in the movie ( german and french ) . 
  as for strong accents , i think most people who know english understand the standard american accent because they are familiar with it from the media . 
  i think everyone who knows english can understand people such as obama , just as they understand cameron , because these are well-known accents . 
  they may not understand people from the appallachians because their accent is unfamiliar . 
  and things such as aave are clearly dialects because their grammar also differs from standard english . 
  i think it goes like this for many languages : everyone can understand the news readers , the actors and the politicians , but not everyone can understand people with very regional accents or dialects . 
  superstition has gone ? 
  please explain all the paranormal crap and the alternative medicine nonsense . 
  there are still fortune tellers on tv all night long . 
  well , i think most people would consider lille a major city . 
  i always believed it was in belgium though , but it 's right on the border in french flanders . 
  500 does sound a bit tight . 
  even if you do n't have to pay for tuition , then rent , food , health insurance and possibly needing to buy the reading material relevant to your education , that stuff could add up . 
  pics on wikipedia of lille look pretty nice though . 
  the architecture is in places somewhat similar to that in belgium and the netherlands ( the houses with ` stairs ' such as these : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:la_voix_du_nord.jpg ) oh , maybe ask in some of the french/danish/belgian / german subs about the cost of living . 
  those subs are probably busier than this one . 
  belgium also as a belgium sub , and two subs divided by language i think . 
  so you 'll have to live on 500 euros a month ? 
  that will be hard in many of the main cities . 
  in the netherlands the english word coffee shop is used only for pot stores . 
  some of them also sell coffee btw . 
  i 'm surprised that there was n't much outrage after last election . 
  snp and tories got way more representatives in comparison to their voters , while the libdems and ukip were really screwed . 
  even if you do n't like those parties , that is not how a democracy should work . 
  and the balls to claim ` victory ' with 37 % , bleh . 
  at least admit you only won because of a ridiculous voting system . 
  and the main parties know this , i do n't need to explain it to them . 
  they like it because it 's favours the ruling parties usually . 
  it 's the voters that ca n't get this issue on the agenda for some reason . 
  perhaps this is because of our national histories , but i do n't think we need to think of russia every time the eu comes up . 
  as long as the nato countries have nukes , who cares what they do over there ? 
  they 're not stupid enough to invade a nato country . 
  they will still bee allies of most eu countries through nato . 
  i feel this is a major problem . 
  if someone can run the country with just 37 % of the votes something is wrong . 
  needs proportional voting so cameron would at least need to involve another party to stay in power and have a 50 % + amount of votes . 
  but trump is a serious contender for the republicans , so politics are completely out of whack this time . 
  he 's basically a troll candidate . 
  i looked it up and it 's actually 1,2 % . 
  the assumption is 4 % ` interest ' which is taxed at 30 % . 
  it 's on all banked cash over 21k . 
  and they add up all different banks you have money in so you ca n't get away from it by spreading your money around . 
  so i think it 's understandable people are upset , they are getting interest below 1 % ( i think i get 0,75 % or something last i checked ) and are paying 1,2 % on it . 
  the assumption is that everyone makes on average 4 % growth on their savings , so they just have a tax of 1,25 % on savings , regardless of actual gains . 
  ` normal ' , like below 1 % . 
  i know they are not going to go to negative interest but with a 1,25 % tax on savings in the netherlands and added inflation , with < 1 % interest people are losing money . 
  i think there is even a dutch saying that really applies to this : * wat niet weet wat niet deert . 
  * `` what they do n't know , does n't hurt them . '', 
  i 've seen dutch people do this as well , but that was with someone they knew could n't speak dutch . 
  it was not really insults , more gossiping and saying negative things while the other person was right there . 
  i think it also helps that france was a more important player in europe and world-wide later on , when the spanish empire was n't doing so well . 
  the french language was hugely prestigious in europe during the 19th and 20th centuries , everyone important spoke it so it would be natural to want to be part of that . 
  for spanish , not so much . 
  also , the stereotype of france in the netherlands is n't about efficiency and hard working ( those are for the germans ) , it 's that they are always on strike . 
  funny how the stereotype differs so much ( and it 's like the stereotype that the french have a shitty military that always runs away while in real life they had and still have an effective military , moreso than most eu countries ) . 
  the swamp germans are having some rain but the weather is otherwise fine , mountain german . 
  i 'm from gelderland and i see it is really stupid when dutch people do it ( heel holland bakt , ik hou van holland , i really think those are incredibly stupid names for shows ) but i understand that foreigners do it . 
  most of the world ca n't be bothered to look up the exact political situation in the netherlands . 
  we also do n't call taiwan ` chinese taipei ' or something in daily speech . 
  ivoorkust demands everyone use the french name but obviously we do n't say c\u00f4te-d'ivore . 
  technically holland is just taken from dutch and the netherlands is a translation of our endonym , but in practice holland is used . 
  it 's also incorrect how many dutch people say engeland for the uk but that 's not going to change either . 
  people in the netherlands are often pretty decent at speaking english , but groningen it 's probably even better than average as about 1/4 of the city 's population are students , the highest of any dutch city . 
  holland is also an exonym of the netherlands in many languages . 
  like we call egypt ` egypte ' , but the egyptians called it masr or something in arabic . 
  we call russia russia even though it is only one of the states of the federation . 
  i agree that it is annoying when dutch people say holland to mean the whole country , but i can understand why it is called holland in another language , or derivatives of holland ( belanda , xollanda etc ) . 
  try / r/travel , that sub is a lot busier than this one and probably has lots of people who 've been to italy .
