  i hope not , i 'm quite attached to my car . 
  and what lobbying ? 
  the government has been doing everything it can to screw motorists . 
  because otherwise nothing would get done . 
  seeing as the modern day saxons in germany and the netherlands are on average doing pretty well , that does n't sound so bad . 
  the cubans were propped up by soviet money . 
  and of course socialism/communism also had the explicit belief it should be a worldwide movement . 
  there are also other chemicals in it that affect your brain . 
  some strains of weed cause a high , while others cause a more stoned feeling . 
  there are three races of weed , cannabis indica , c. sativa and c. ruderalis , and they are cross-bred to create different strains of weed that feel differently when smoked . 
  aside from just thc content , there are also other chemicals in it that involve getting a buzz . 
  there are three races of weed , cannabis indica , c. sativa and c. ruderalis . 
  people combine these three races to create different strains of weed . 
  some of these strains give more of a high , while others give more of a stoned feeling . 
  i do n't think the us a great example of capitalism , and as it happens they are extremely religious for a first world country . 
  the formerly protestant regions of europe are also very much free-market oriented , but also have a social safety net , in effect they have a mixed economy . 
  and the jews and christians that do n't drink are a fringe minority . 
  they serve wine in church as part of the service : wine is the blood of christ , it is one of the sacraments . 
  in the bible , jesus turns water into wine , it is one of his miracles . 
  and jews are not supposed to eat pork , but it is commonly believed by christians that jesus fullfilled the law , and non-jewish christians are not bound by jewish dietary rules . 
  i think saint paul says so in his letter to the galatians . 
  as for capitalism , that may be an invention of protestant christians . 
  the first stock market was opened in 1602 in the netherlands , a strongly calvinist country ( at the time ) with a desire for trade . 
  they founded the dutch east india company , and people could invest in them . 
  the german sociologist max weber came up with this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protestant_ethic_and_the_spirit_of_capitalism so he argues that protestant christianity led to capitalism . 
  the protestants are fairly conservative in their interpretation of the religion , and there were events of iconoclasm , where people destroyed images and statues , because they believe it was forbidden to depict jesus and other patriarchs/prophets . 
  but later some of them saw material wealth on earth as a sign that they were favoured by god , so instead of spending their money they invested it . 
  i prefer subtitles to dubs . 
  in the netherlands , almost everything is subbed instead of dubbed , so it allows people to hear the original version , and read along in dutch if they do n't understand english . 
  i think it really helps with learning english as well . 
  haha !, 
  and english of course also has irregular plurals ( child/children , foot/feet , woman/women ) . 
  well , at least they got to the level that they can use the language to sell stuff to the natives . 
  it 's not because germans like us , it 's because they like weed . 
  in some pot stores there are more germans than dutch people . 
  / r/languagelearning / r/learnfrench the sidebars have a lot of resources for learning . 
  and any subreddits related to france ( or other french-speaking areas ) when you got the basics down . 
  immersion is important . 
  perhaps it 's also influenced by german being probably harder compared to spanish ( if you already speak french ) . 
  sort of the opposite of the situation in the netherlands . 
  everyone gets german in school for a few years , and the language is similar to dutch , but learning a language in school for a few hours a week is not as effective as a real language course , done by someone who really wants to learn the language . 
  so you end up with a population where many people can sort of understand the language , and speak it at a low level , but that is mostly because the languages are similar . 
  there are also quite a few people who speak german very well , but i 've also heard someone trying to speak german by just speaking dutch with a german pronunciation . 
  but all those people also speak french . 
  and arabic is a bit iffy , it is not really a single language . 
  there is modern standard arabic , and classical arabic ( of the quran ) , but in general people speak the local variety . 
  someone from morocco may not really understand someone from lebanon . 
  i 've heard some arabs even switch to speaking french ( if they are from former french colonies ) because their dialects of arabic are not mutually intelligible . 
  i 'm not a linguist , but i think it is more or less similar to the romance languages , except that arabic is called a single language for political reasons . 
  my guess is that for example serbian and croatian are much more similar than the arabic dialects . 
  or dutch and afrikaans . 
  then why was he still allowed to appear on qi as a guest ( which is probably a salaried appearance ? ), 
  and even host hignfy ? 
  then it 's a good thing us lazy europeans have the us and their nukes to watch over our safety  but you are right of course , the idea of a foreign invasion seems to far-fetched people do n't really think about it . 
  just like before ww2 started . 
  and even though i think trump is a bit of an arse , he does have a point when he says that most of europe is n't pulling its weight in nato . 
  most countries are far below the expected military budget as part of gdp . 
  the movie * the men who stare at goats * also has a bunch of hippie-soldiers . 
  it made me think of the movie . 
  there are strains of weed named kush . 
  there are also hashish ( also made from cannabis ) called kashmir , which is also a region near kush . 
  and one of the species of cannabis is named cannabis indica , so named after india . 
  pot stores in the netherlands usually have quite variety of cannabis strains , and they often have colourful names . 
  amnesia , white widow , purple haze , orange bud , northern light . 
  they differ in taste and in the active chemicals , some give more of an active high while others make you more stoned . 
  oh , we got better ones as well . 
  this is the highest point of the netherlands . 
  in the caribbean , but it is still a part of the netherlands and not a territory : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery, 
  their failure was letting the trio go . 
  is n't the existence of so many muslims evidence that the west is n't out to destroy them ? 
  and i 'm not even advocating destroying islam , just pointing out that that currently is n't happening at all . 
  there are probably more muslims than at any other time in history . 
  with the west i mean europe and its cultural descendents like australia and such . 
  probably preceded by them getting even more crazy when the funds run out . 
  i hope they will find their way to civilisation in some way . 
  or maybe they should just stop being so fucking religious and realise this is the 21st century ? 
  religion is poison . 
  if these people in the middle-east keep letting themselves being brainwashed with this nonsense it will be like they said in lawrence of arabia : they will be ' a little people , a silly people ' . 
  that 's often an issue with conspiracy theorists , they are idiots , and may not even believe what they say . 
  if you were a muslim who believed the west was out to destroy islam , would n't you run for the hills or something ? 
  if the west truly wanted to destroy islam or some other religious or ethnic or political group , they would n't stand a chance . 
  yes , these jihadi and isis-types are certainly doomed to fail . 
  either they remain ineffectual and achieve nothing , or they are wiped out by the west . 
  at least it is a good death , getting killed by patatje pinda . 
  anyone with a peanut allergy in the netherland is going to have a hard time surviving . 
  everything is covered in peanut sauce . 
  there is no free drug usage for kids . 
  you need to be 18 to buy weed , alcohol or tobacco . 
  all the other stuff is still illegal . 
  and people in the netherlands do n't use more drugs than in the surrounding countries . 
  btw , it 's a strange statement coming from someone from russia , where the male life expectancy is significantly lower , in part because of heavy drinking . 
  the netherlands is 10th in male life expectancy , while russia is 127th . 
  perhaps smoking weed is n't as bad as using krokodil . 
  i did n't make up anything . 
  sure , the middle-east was much more advanced than europe during the time of the caliphate , but after that the europeans had the renaissance , the reformation ( which was an awful period of religious strife ) , and after that a period of secularisation , where the power of religious authorities was broken . 
  and in the 20th century there was the sexual revolution , which was n't about sex but about individual liberties , and much of the rest of the world seems to have missed that one . 
  i do n't want to diminish the achievements of the islamic golden age , where they had many scientific discoveries , and which is why many of the stars have arabic names , and which in part inspired the european renaissance , but being ahead in medieval times does n't cut it in the 21st century . 
  it seems to me that their religions and the conflicts they cause hold back the middle-east . 
  religion should be demoted from being important for society as a whole , to just a personal belief . 
  it should not be respected or treated as if it it is special , or allows for special privileges .
