  swamp german , please . 
  nederlands tot de dood . 
  the first guy sounds like he may be a native speaker , but forgot everything because of not speaking it . 
  you can lose your native language when you stop using it often . 
  i think gronings is a dialect of low saxon ( not dutch ) , and brabants certainly is n't . 
  is n't beer much cheaper ? 
  i can get two crates of beer for 1 bottle vodka , the former contains much more alcohol i think . 
  some people like the taste and smell of alcohol . 
  the most expensive vodkas have the least impurities , so they taste basically like alcohol + water . 
  i think that was a jab at sean connery 's accent perhaps ? 
  my name ish bond , jamesh bond . 
  he also uses a ` sloppy ' s . they parody it in trainspotting as well : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j70gxbgbp-c here is another german accent for you : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sskkmbx6qmk ( clarkson on germans and ww2 , just could n't resist ) what you said about the very clear pronunciation is very clear with the actor christoph waltz in django unchained . 
  he was the one who was easiest to understand for me , some of the characters had such a local accent that it was harder . 
  and the yokels he meets in the first scene even have the balls to say `` speak english damnit ! '', 
  to him . 
  he was also in inglourious basterds or however it 's spelled . 
  you can tell someone is a good speaker but not native one when they pronounce everything correctly but they lack a local accent . 
  ah , that 's a good one . 
  i think that is the difference between a tap and a trill . 
  also , i think i pronounce the rolling r farther back than how i do it . 
  the alveolar tap is a tap with the tongue in the front of the mouth , so it is actually very similar to the movements you make to pronounce a d . in dutch i have heard many different rs , the alveolar tap , the uvular trill ( french r ) , and the way i and many others pronounce it but i still do n't know what the ipa term for it is . 
  it comes up on / r/languagelearning sometimes but people ca n't seem to agree on what it is called . 
  that 's right , it would n't make someone much harder to understand once you figure out what sounds they use . 
  that is why there are so many rs in dutch , it does n't matter . 
  now dutch has a large number of vowels compared to other languages , and foreigners often do n't differentiate enough between them . 
  the ui is a nice one , i think it is fairly rare and it 's not in english or ( i think ) german . 
  the sloppy s is somewhere between s and sh i think . 
  it 's not that different from a normal r but when people speak english with a dutch accent usually their s 's are a bit off . 
  here is bill bailey doing an impression of a dutch person at schiphol airport : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_utdzstznfy the s in general is a bit sloppy , and is devoiced at the end of words . 
  almost all consonants in dutch are devoiced at the end of words , which means those sounds are incredibly difficult for dutch speakers who learn english for example . 
  in many words the s at the end of words is pronounced as z ( basically a voiced s ) . 
  generally , dutch is a bit sloppy when it comes to the last syllable of a word . 
  unlike in german , final - en of words is a schwa , so basically ` uh ' . 
  the n is n't pronounced usually ( some dialects pronounce n though ) . 
  i have a stupid headcanon nonsense theory : both dutch and danish sound very mumbly in their pronunciation . 
  it is because of the flat landscape next to the north sea where there is always wind : consonants will get lost in the wind but vowels wo n't . 
  it 's most likely nonsense but i thought it was a funny idea i had once . 
  it 's like yodeling , once you scream into the wind people will only hear your shouted vowels . 
  edit : i noticed i didnt ` give an example of a sharp s. i just meant that * to me * the way english speakers often pronounce s sounds much sharper , and it 's a sound i ca n't really make . 
  i was n't the one who recommended them but i think he means this person : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/michael_d._c._drout one of his lectures is on youtube and it 's called ` how to read j.r.r. 
  this one is n't focused too much on language but i found it very interesting and funny . 
  the guy seems an interesting speaker , but this one is obviously only interesting if you 've read lord of the rings . 
  btw , i read lotr as a kid and in hindsight i think i know why it was n't that hard : tolkien deliberately tries to use words of germanic origin . 
  that is one of the reasons why the language may feel old-fashioned or rustic . 
  there are even two phrases of anglo-saxon in the book . 
  tolkien 's books are so obviously written by someone who enjoys languages . 
  i have the rolling r , but the pronunciation of r varies a lot by region . 
  in the southern bits it 's often the french r or something similar . 
  in german it also varies a lot , from almost unpronounced to french r to rolling r , depending on the speaker . 
  check out this german song : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gflmqybhork some accents of english also have a rolling r btw , some scottish accents for example . 
  what is difficult in english for dutch speakers is the sharper s , the th sound which does n't exist in dutch , the g ( as in garden ) that does n't exist , and pronouncing the ` english ' r. also , voiced consonants at the end of a word : a d at the end of a word is very hard and almost automatically becomes a t. 
  does spanish actually have any sounds dutch does n't have ? 
  i think that for dutch people english is actually much harder to pronounce than spanish , even though the languages are much farther apart in every other aspect . 
  very interesting video !, 
  now it 's always difficult to say what 's a language and what 's a dialect , but frisian is considered an official language . 
  west frisian ( what they speak in frisia in the netherlands , not to be confused with the west frisian * dialect * of north holland ) is what i 've heard most but i ca n't really understand it beyond catching something here and there . 
  some varieties are influenced more by dutch , stadsfries for example . 
  i think one of the dialects in that video , gronings , ( with the guy standing near the canal ) is basically low saxon influenced by frisian . 
  i could get most of what he said but i have lived in two different places where they speak low saxon . 
  i ca n't speak it but i understand some of it after getting used to it . 
  now the low saxon and low german are not from the same branch as dutch , which is a frankish language . 
  so i see them more as a regional language with it is own dialects , rather than being a dialect of dutch . 
  you know it 's not a real religion ? 
  perhaps dudeism is the right religion for you ? 
  no , it is n't . 
  i think the last cabinet to finish it to the end was paars 1 ( kok 1 ) that ended in 1998 . 
  even paars 2 symbolically resigned just before the end over srebrenica . 
  that is another thing that i found strange , that in the us you have to register as a voter . 
  in the netherlands everyone over 18 gets a card with their name on it . 
  you just hand in that card when you vote . 
  you never have to register or declare who you vote for . 
  political campaigns also are n't as long or important here , as we usually have coalition governments that tend to fall apart so we do n't know beforehand when the next election will be . 
  yes , that 's pretty barbaric . 
  2200 is pretty early for drunken fights though . 
  i think in our culture it happens more after 0400 , and at football matches of course . 
  ooh , you almost called us barbarian civilised , 
  but there are things such as church records for baptisms , marriages and funerals . 
  i know that my family came to the netherlands somewhere early in the 1600s , and they were religious refugees and not wealthy nobles . 
  we have ww2 jokes about germans . 
  our belgium is belgium as well . 
  and of course there 's always germany for the ww2 jokes . 
  interesting video from gcp grey . 
  in the netherlands we have proportional voting , and no districts either , so they just add up all the votes for a party and then they get that proportion of the seats . 
  our lower house has 150 seats , so if a party gets 1/3 of the votes they get 50 seats . 
  since you need a majority ( 76/150 seats ) to form a government they will have to form a coalition with another party , or possibly more than one other party . 
  check out the current composition here : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_representatives_ ( netherlands ) as you can see , the current coalition of vvd and pvda is hanging on to their majority with their fingernails . 
  they used to have a slightly bigger majority but a few people either left or were kicked out of the pvda . 
  they retain their seats but are not longer part of the political faction of the pvda . 
  the vvd is liberal in the european meaning of the word : right wing economics , but fairly moderate on social issues . 
  the pvda is labour , or the social democrats ( sort of moderate leftist ) . 
  one thing about coalition governments is that they can fall apart if one of the parties decides to no longer support them . 
  in that case , we usually get new elections fairly soon after they fall apart . 
  that means we do n't have the very long path to elections that happens in the us , and we have elections more often since governments fall quite often . 
  i think the majority of cabinets did not make it to the end in the last few decades . 
  that wikipedia link i put above has the current political parties in the sidebar . 
  things can really change as for example the cda used to be one of the main political parties , often being the largest one . 
  ah , essentially deciding who to vote against basically `` i do n't want a democrat , so i 'll vote for the person who has the best chance of beating them . '', 
  it makes sense and i 've done that in the past as well but it always makes me feel unfulfilled , as i 'm essentially voting for some asshole to oppose a worse asshole . 
  here in the netherlands we have some 11 parties represented in parliament and i still do n't know which one to vote for . 
  do n't really like any of them .
