  anyway , people who base foreign policy on crazy books should have no place in politics . 
  then we just lower the amount of hours worked that count as full-time . 
  we have done that since the industrial revolution as well with 35-40 being considered fulltime , and much more vacation days while still maintaining productivity . 
  fucking shit , we 'd probably get more money from getting cozy with russia . 
  is n't that stuff in revelations ? 
  there are some weird predictions in the bible , some of them never came true . 
  well , who is stopping them ? 
  it 's the same with russia taking crimea , if no one is willing to fight for it , it is free for the taking . 
  well , according to the words of jesus the second coming is about 1900 years overdue , so the christians must be doing something wrong ... 
  but that 's religion for you , once you believe in one crazy thing without evidence , why not go a step further ? 
  hmm , not entirely . 
  i think i am an atheist and agonistic , which means i can not know for certain god ( or gods ) exist . 
  but since i have not seen any evidence for the god of islam , or the gods of hinduism , i live my daily life as if there are no gods . 
  from what i know of the holy books of most religions , their creation story does n't really match up with the science either . 
  i know a little bit of most religions , but was n't raised in one . 
  which god ? 
  you were likely raised in a place where most people believed in the god of abraham , since most people there are muslims from what i know . 
  i was raised in a town in the netherlands , almost everyone i knew was an atheist or not religious . 
  i asked `` which god ? '', 
  because people believe the religion they were raised in is true , and all other gods are false . 
  what of the gods of the hindus , or the gods of the pre-christian europeans ? 
  the ancient greeks had their own gods , and to them were just as real as the god of abraham is for christians and muslims and jews today . 
  or just maybe , that it is n't real ? 
  for an atheist it is very hard to imagine that people actually believe in their religion . 
  yeah , i do n't think defaulting is an easy option or anything . 
  it 'll be hell for long time . 
  hmm , i might need to read a bit about this . 
  the `` greece cooked the books '' is repeated by pretty much everyone . 
  i know people are trying to turn it into a `` moral narrative '' of lazy and corrupt greeks vs everyone else , but i did n't know that this was part of that too . 
  the 100 names of allah reminds me a bit of odin , he also had a lot of names ( a lot more even ) . 
  all these deities are often so similar . 
  except the greeks could just default and walk away , no one can stop that . 
  people in debtor 's prisons are not given that chance . 
  just one way in which metaphors do n't work , because they do n't map 100 % to the situation . 
  yeah , metaphors may have their place in novels and poems , but not in any serious discussion . 
  metaphors are never evidence for anything . 
  but the crowd likes them because then they do n't have to know the facts . 
  metaphors are not really good arguments , they should not be used as such . 
  ah , did not know that . 
  but would n't many of these abu names be made up , without them having kids of that name ? 
  that is true , but in the case of jihadis i heard they use it as a nom de guerre , so they make it all up . 
  they do n't have to have a son . 
  i do n't think hamza is even a name , according to wikipedia it is a letter and it has this meaning : hamzah is a noun from the verb \u0647\u064e\u0645\u064e\u0632\u064e hamaz-a meaning ` to prick , goad , drive ' or ` to provide ( a letter or word ) with hamzah ' . 
  so perhaps abu hamza means that they are recruiters ? 
  that is the `` narrative '' , where the greeks are all lazy and corrupt . 
  it is changed to a moral story instead of a financial disaster . 
  if they had skipped/postponed the austerity and focused on reform it might not have been so bad . 
  austerity is n't that useful if your economy keeps shrinking , the debt/gdp ratio wo n't get better . 
  they do need to improve competetiveness though . 
  i 'm not sure that is going to go well in greece , if they leave the euro it will be a long time before they are able to afford anything from outside greece . 
  this is something i think should be changed btw , to solve conflicts with places like the falklands . 
  last time the british had to do it nearly by themselves . 
  it should be in nato so next time a crazy fascist in argentina gets stupid ideas he wo n't dare to invade . 
  they are not forced to fight in other wars , belgium almost never joins in on anything . 
  and members are obviously not forced to spend 2 % as very few actually do . 
  besides , if for example russia invades poland and germany , than that will certainly affect us , so it is in our interest to help prevent that . 
  sort of ironic , the rest of europe has been cutting on defense since forever and now they are bankrolling the greek military . 
  you have little faith in nato ? 
  i 'm reminded of the other article posted here , about how many people are willing to fight for their country . 
  numbers were pretty low , 15 % of people in the netherlands are willing to fight for their own country , i think a much smaller number of those would be willing to fight for another nato country . 
  numbers are similar in germany and belgium . 
  he also did the voice of death for a discworld film , and the animation . 
  he was also scaramanga in james bond , many people may have seen it without realising it is him . 
  it is sort of expected at that age . 
  it 's great he was ( for his age ) doing pretty well , also mentally . 
  i doubt people will regard this june as our finest hour though . 
  spain actually did n't have that much debt when the whole thing started and they ran their budget in a somewhat decent way . 
  they just got unlucky that their economy and their housing market were destroyed by the crisis , similar to ireland . 
  it was n't a mess before the crisis , while greece really was a mess ( and cooked the books to join the euro ) . 
  hmm , that 's not what i think of when i hear people talk of hitting . 
  it 's on the edge of violence , if you did that to an adult against their will it would certainly be a misdemeanor or crime . 
  and i agree on the screaming . 
  i would suck at that game right now , i had a few beers . 
  how is hitting not violence ? 
  it is corporal punishment . 
  and it 's not needed to raise children , it 's not like everyone in the green countries on map spawns misbehaving children . 
  at least they number them . 
  i 've heard it argued that the uk and the us are some of the oldest countries in the world , because they have n't changed their form of government for centuries , while most other countries have . 
  only from a purely legalistic definition of course , france is much older than the us . 
  small wonder they are on their fifth republic . 
  i had the idea that the divide was more along religion back then . 
  most belgians were catholic and not dutch reformed , so before independence they had a bunch of catholic peasants ruled by dutch reformed people . 
  also most of flanders was not part of the dutch provinces after the 80yw . 
  the best option may have been to chop it into three parts : a reformed north , a dutch-flemish-catholic middle , and a french catholic south . 
  the uk also supported them when the war had started . 
  and their independence was a good thing , belgium was never really part of the netherlands , the lands had been seperated to long , since the eighty years war . 
  yes , tv series was great . 
  and bloody . 
  i still remember that scene where cicero was finished off . 
  lots of people got stabbed in nasty ways . 
  yes , we do n't remember all the names obviously . 
  is the reason that you know this factoid because of the tv series rome ? 
  it was for me . 
  very similar to dutch , we also say `` steen '' that way , not `` shtayn '' . 
  i love sort of on the edge of where the dutch low saxon region is . 
  holland also originally meant holt-land , for the woods . 
  woods are mostly gone now . 
  from a dutch perspective : the defeat of napoleon led to the creation of the kingdom of the netherlands , which included belgium . 
  the belgians quickly had their war of independence , so you could say the defeat of napoleon led to the creation of both independent kingdoms . 
  that picture on the coin is a mound with a lion statue on it , it was put there by king willem i , who became the first king .
