  you could easily travel around the whole country in 3 weeks . 
  there is a nice semi-wild area called ` de veluwe ' ( check it out on google images ) which is a forest surrounded by heath . 
  there are also nice cultural sites in that area , such as het loo , which is a beautiful palace that was once used by louis napoleon , napoleon 's brother , and there is the art museum kr\u00f6ller-muller . 
  there is a fairly unique nature area in the north of the country though . 
  the wadden sea !, 
  it is one of the few areas in the world where you can do mudflat hiking , which is walking on the sea floor during a low tide . 
  you can walk from the mainland to some of the frisian islands on a low tide . 
  never do this without a guide , or you might be washed away into the sea if the tide turns . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mudflat_hiking those islands and the coastline in general also has a nice sand-dune landscape . 
  i think for dutch and german the situation is a bit muddled , because everyone in the netherlands has german classes in school , so they already know a bit about the language . 
  and many people in the border regions speak closely related dialects/regional languages , so they can speak without resorting to the standard version of either dutch or german . 
  i remember dutch and german students speaking to each other in english , so it seems mutual intelligibility is n't actually that great . 
  but the languages are closely related so it is extremely easy to learn the basics of one language of you know the other . 
  but remember that dutch and german are just standard versions of a wider region . 
  many people speak some dialect or regional language that is n't greatly mutually intelligible with standard german/dutch . 
  i live next to the region where many people speak low saxon . 
  i 'm surprised you did n't mention the netherlands . 
  it was the first country in the world to have same-sex marriage , and support for it ( and for same-sex couples to adopt children ) is very high . 
  there are quite a few gay celebirities and also politicians . 
  politically , it is not a left-right wing issue at all . 
  the vvd is the main right wing party and they fully support same-sex marriage , and they were in government when it was introduced in 2001 . 
  they are right wing in the sense of free-market and tough on crime , not conservative in the religious sense . 
  even the cda ( mainstream christian party ) did not go against same-sex marriage when they were in power . 
  i think only some 20 % of the population believes in god , so the country is very secular . 
  religion is considered a personal affair and it does n't really play a role in politics anymore . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/same-sex_marriage_in_the_netherlands https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lgbt_rights_in_the_netherlands now , the climate is n't really that cold , but that is of course a bit subjective . 
  it is a very temperate climate , and high and low temperatures are rare . 
  it does have a lot of rain , think of english weather but with a bit more rain . 
  snow is also fairly rare . 
  a large part of climate is not how far north a place is , but how close to the sea it is and the altitude . 
  you will find more snow in austria or turkey which are to the south of the netherland and denmark , than you will in those two northern but low-lying countries . 
  now , amsterdam has a reputation of being the gay capital of the region , but you 'll be fine in other places as well , and the rest of the country has much cheaper housing . 
  the dutch language is closely related to german , so if you speak german you could learn dutch without a lot of trouble . 
  another country of interest is belgium , which is also very gay-friendly , and they have dutch - and french-speaking regions ( and a tiny german-speaking region ) . 
  i think that would be even harder for many other languages , as french in france is quite uniform . 
  try understanding swiss german when you learned standard german , it 's pretty much another language . 
  i speak dutch and i live within less than an hour 's drive of people i can not understand at all , even though they speak ` dutch ' . 
  instead of doing all this , how about solving the causes of the refugee crisis ? 
  the international community should have ended the civil war in syria right when it started , not let it rage on for 5 years . 
  it was already ridiculous , but now they are seriously considering introducing the death penalty , which would instantly disqualify them from joining the eu . 
  but i think they never even had a chance as they are country with a muslim background , and them joining would be hugely unpopular with the population of at least a few countries , and any one country can veto . 
  i think that the `` possibility '' of eu membership is just something that erdogan could cite as an achievement to his own people , not something that is actually feasible . 
  i think europe will just have to settle for having a semi-dictatorship on their doorstep . 
  i think turkey and russia recently sort of became friends again , as both are quite politically isolated after recent events . 
  turkey completely blew any chance of eu membership , and their visa deal will probably fall through as well . 
  both are distancing themselves from the west . 
  they probably still could , if they put all their military into it . 
  but they wo n't , because the russian military is no match for the combined nato forces , not even close . 
  aside from the possibility of nuclear war of course . 
  i think they could occupy any of the baltic states within a few days , but they know that ca n't hold onto it , as they are so ridiculously outmatched by nato . 
  they also did n't retaliate against turkey for shooting down their plane because they are in nato . 
  they are also in nato , so the us would have to act or nato becomes a joke . 
  this is also the reason russia wo n't invade any of the baltic states , because it would mean war with all of nato . 
  russia just messes with smaller , unaligned states such as georgia and ukraine , because apparently no one gives a shit about those . 
  parts of georgia have been occupied since 2008 or so . 
  there have been nato exercises in the baltic that the us also took part in , and the russians did something similar near the border , but it 's all just posturing . 
  i assume he is dutch , as his username is in dutch and it means ' i like rain ' . 
  i think it 's just that the mediterranean is one of those traditional vacation destinations . 
  i think that stereotype is partly true , but was much more true in the past , when people drove to italy and took a sack of potatoes with them , because they were too cheap to eat in restaurants . 
  dutch people are still cheap in some ways , but the people who can afford a camper are n't . 
  those things are hugely expensive in the netherlands . 
  now to your last point : if you had a camper , you could take those with you  also , the people who travel to italy in a camper are usually people with a bit more money . 
  generally young people stay in the netherlands on a campsite ( or a festival ) and they use tents because they ca n't afford campers . 
  campers ( like all cars ) are hugely expensive in the netherlands . 
  caravans are much cheaper , and tents of course again cheaper . 
  when i was a kid in the 80s the alpenkreuzer was also populair ( check out pictures on google images ) . 
  it was basically a cart with an unfolding tent attached to it , and it usually had a cooking isle . 
  sort of halfway between a caravan and a tent . 
  it is called ` lijkwagen ' , ` lijk ' meaning corpse and ` wagen ' meaning wagon or car . 
  people often drive from their homes in a sort of funeral procession to the cemetary or crematorium , called a ` lijkststoet ' , with the hearse in front and the family/friends following behind . 
  there are even special traffic rules for them , you are not allowed to break up the ` lijkstoet ' , and they can cross red traffic lights if the hearse has already passed . 
  now i 've never witnessed a cremation , in the sendoffs i 've been to it was more like a wake and the actual cremation was done behind closed doors . 
  but we always had a farewell service at the crematorium/cemetary . 
  now here is an extreme example , the victims of the mh17 crash in ukraine . 
  there were nearly 200 dutch citizens on that plane , and their remains were transported back to the netherlands . 
  this is how they were transported from the airport to a military base where they could be identified . 
  because of the nature of the crash , they sadly had to transport body parts without knowing who they belonged to , but they made sure to have a hearse for every single person . 
  the guys on motorcycles with the yellow suits are the police escort . 
  they blocked off the highway , and the people standing on the grass came to pay their respects . 
  this is the third day , there were two similar processions in the days before : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7wdn-pjiryk just the amount of hearses is impressive , and sad . 
  when they arrived by plane from ukraine they were received by the king and queen , and by the members of the government . 
  and you need proportional voting instead of first-past-the-post . 
  that way you will get coalition governments of more than one party . 
  and you seriously need a shorter election cycle . 
  we now have a runup to the election of two years or so , with the whole primaries , which is ridiculous . 
  if a coalition government falls , you wo n't have time for that , you will just need elections asap . 
  also , with proportional voting which will usually lead to coalition governments , you generally avoid the lame duck scenario , where the president/pm does n't have a majority in the house . 
  oh , and what is with the shouting ? 
  every time a politician gives a speech they are shouting at the top of their voices , it looks absolutely ridiculous . 
  they have a microphone , they do n't need to shout . 
  just talk with a normal , calm voice . 
  there are no mexicans here . 
  we do have asian food though , because of the colonial history . 
  indonesian-style food is very popular in the netherlands for example . 
  i am not religious myself , but christianity also had a big influence on language . 
  there are many sayings and expressions in different european languages that are the same because they came from the bible . 
  some of them might look even better !, 
  here is a picture of a misty field and if you look carefully you can spot the deer : https://veluwe.files.wordpress.com/2013/10/gb-mistige-kootwijkerzand-met-edelherten.jpg this is a little wild piggy that lives on the veluwe , they look cute but do n't even think of going near them , as the parents are quite protective and will easily run over a human : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:sus_scrofa_piglet.jpg and the meadows turn to purple in spring : http://www.holland.com/upload_mm/8/c/7/42712_fullimage_national-park-de-hoge-veluwe-with-deer_560x350.jpg as the netherlands is quite flat it is a nice place for cycling in nature . 
  on the northern coast you have a very different landscape . 
  the frisian islands !,
