  it is a strange irony that alcohol as a chemical substance was discoved by a muslim , but they are not allowed to drink it . 
  meanwhile , the ignorant and backwards europeans did n't know about it but they drank it anyway . 
  btw , it seems religiosity correlates with being a poor shithole . 
  check out this map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/religiosity northern/western europe has a lot of personal freedoms and they are filthy rich . 
  perhaps adopting non-religion is a good idea ? 
  and strangely , check out tunesia . 
  it is the least religious of african countries , and they are pretty much the only country where the arab spring turned out reasonably well . 
  i and may sound a bit salty , but i really wish the best for the people in the middle-east , also the religious ones . 
  it 's just that i really do n't like religion and i feel it is a negative infuence on society . 
  i just can not see why people over there cling to their religion instead of moving on and adopting the policies of more successful countries . 
  what 's so great about quoting verses of scripture , and being great at theology ? 
  religion is one of the worst inventions ever , and it is a shame it is still around . 
  religion completely ruined the middle-east and it keeps the people there stuck in the past . 
  we should n't be respectful of faiths . 
  stuff that people believe just ` on faith ' should n't be taken seriously , unless there is evidence for it . 
  i believe in freedom of religion , but that does n't mean we should take their beliefs seriously . 
  cry ` havoc !, 
  ' , and let slip the dogs of war !, 
  yeah , `` western '' . 
  except beer of course . 
  source : am swamp german . 
  i expect endless commercial breaks from cnn . 
  `` more ... right after this . '', 
  i hoped britain would stay , but i strongly feel that it should be up to the people . 
  britain gave us the industrial revolution , the scientific method ( john locke and david hume ) , incredible writers ( tolkien , pratchett ) and great tv shows ( top gear , qi , allo allo , blackadder . ), 
  well , for the french intervention in mali they were invited by the government of mali to stop islamist rebels . 
  very similar to what russia is doing in syria , which is all legal according to international law as far as i know . 
  or just better at keeping it secret . 
  it 's probably because we could n't pronounce the name even if we knew . 
  hear the ony about the chinese godfather ? 
  he made them an offer they could n't understand . 
  `` if you have a complaint , write to us at top gear , bbc , london ... ehh , whereever we are located . '', 
  but his verbal shots at the bbc are also part of his tv-personality , right ? 
  he did a few months ago when he presented hignfy , where he said the bbc would n't allow him to talk about cars , but he went on to do it anyway and said something like ` what are they going to do , sack me again ? ' . 
  he is a bit of an oaf , but what makes him likable is that is also does n't take himself too seriously . 
  after he was dropped from top gear he still went on qi as a panelist and of course people made jokes about it . 
  it might be a mess politically , but in general it 's a decent country . 
  it 's not some crazy third world shithole . 
  i know it was a joke . 
  of course clarkson does n't want to execute the strikers . 
  it is just part of his tv personality , he also said similar things on top gear , that bad drivers should be taken out by snipers . 
  it 's not serious , and that was my point of that post . 
  english is not my native language but i 've watched a lot of top gear and clarkson presents himself as much more of a urang-utan than he really is . 
  but i find it telling that even the presenters apologised , and that they got so many complaints , and even political figures comment on it . 
  if you look at the list of controversial jokes clarkson made this one is n't that bad . 
  it 's just that there are apparently many overly sensitive people who send complaints to the bbc every time clarkson says something . 
  it 's pretty clear that many supposedly native speakers do n't seem to understand it was a joke . 
  the continent outsourced their defence to the ` muricans , 
  clarkson often throws out exaggerated or extreme opinions . 
  he was on a news show and when someone asked him what he thought of a strike he said the strikers should be shot in front of their families . 
  he is not a clime change denier , he does n't actually hate germans , frenchmen or americans despite taking verbal shots at them at every opportunity . 
  he is n't a mindless brute whose approach to technology is always a hammer , he actually presented shows about the invention of the railway and steam engine and such . 
  clarkson is also old enough to remember when there were border controls and you needed 10 different currencies to drive to greece . 
  he also knows that there wo n't be another british empire with just britain , as they have a tiny population compared to many other countries . 
  a united europe could be a great power as they already have a population of 500 million and some of the most educated societies with strong economies . 
  if they united for a common foreign policy ( and a strong military ) , they could be the new superpower . 
  not sure that is what clarkson wants though . 
  but the trend is the other way . 
  in many countries politicians ascribe all good things from the eu to their own policies , and blame the eu for government policies that people do n't like . 
  in every country politicians have a different opinion on how to deal with the refugees crisis so nothing gets done . 
  it 's always the same . 
  the dutch are basically another type of german . 
  the swamp german !, 
  ties between the netherlands and germany have mostly been strong except for ww2 of course . 
  on this side of the border germany is regarded as one of the most important countries to us economically , they are our biggest trading partner . 
  even before the euro our currency was pegged to the german mark . 
  and of course we are very similar culturally and linguistically . 
  the netherlands and belgium are just breakaway bits of the medieval german empire , just because the habsburg family divided their lands and there was a rebellion . 
  that 's not exactly how the dutch monarchy works as the king has no real power , he is just the head of state . 
  the monarchy is faily popular here with about 2/3 of the population supporting it . 
  that 's more support than most elected presidents have , and the reason is that the monarchy is n't political . 
  while i do n't agree with ethnic profiling of minorities , what is wrong with white people being drunk on the street ? 
  it 's a free country , if people are drunk it 's fine as long as they do n't bother anyone . 
  that just makes it worse . 
  not only are they going after people of a certain ethnicity , they also go after people of a certain age . 
  and i 'm not sure you can always predict the age of someone between 20-40 , it 's not like they all get wrinkled and grey-haired between that time . 
  i 'm older than typhoon and people sometimes still ask for id when i buy beer . 
  i think in france the unions are the hooligans . 
  a better question to ask would be `` have the unions hooliganized yet ? '', 
  and they got beaten up by russian hooligans . 
  there were several riots . 
  but then it 's in france , so basically a normal day . 
  for france . 
  they were subbed . 
  in general only kid 's progammes get dubbed . 
  most adults understand enough of the english language to get the humour . 
  `` miss bouqet , lady of the house speaking . '', 
  top gear was also hugely popular in the netherlands . 
  i hope that the brits remain for purely selfish reasons , as the trade with britain is important to the netherlands . 
  however , the choice is up to the britons and if they want to leave it is their choice . 
  i just hope that the eu is n't going to be nasty about it , as i feel that britain is a natural ally and economic partner to continental europe . 
  if britain leaves they should still remain a part of the economic union , similar to norway or switzerland . 
  i really hope the eu remains on good terms with britain even if they leave . 
  but what about your germanic cousins on the continent ? 
  almost all of them also speak english . 
  i support the referendum , but i hope for a remain vote . 
  still , i think it will be interesting to see the response by the eu . 
  will they easily grant an economic treaty similar to how it is now , or are they going to be dicks about the brexit ? 
  i hope for the former , but i fear for the latter . 
  if the eu is going to screw over britain for leaving it will just inflame the euroskeptics on the continent .
