  they are far more important economically for the netherlands than any of the other eu countries . 
  what is legally someone 's territory does n't really matter in conflicts like this . 
  crimea is now russian territory , regardless of what it says on paper . 
  the nato forces as they are are more than enough to defend europe . 
  there is a reason the russian military gets away with shit in ukraine and georgia , and it is because those are not part of nato . 
  they would n't try anything in the baltics or poland . 
  it 's also hilarious though . 
  i think most european countries have their bunch of drunk politicians . 
  not this shit again . 
  he 'll make the sea pay for it . 
  sure , but let people pay for their own churches . 
  why does the government need to support it ? 
  many churches are fairly wealthy just because of tithing or donations from their members . 
  and yes , i am against religion , but not against religious freedom . 
  let people believe what they want , but te government should give absolutely no support to religious beliefs , especially if they undermine society ( idiocy about science , and the already mentioned bigotry ) . 
  i also believe that an important part of freedom of religion is exactly because of what they are trying to do here : influence the theology . 
  government should never do that . 
  look at china where people have limited religious freedom . 
  that is not what i want either , even though i dislike religion . 
  once the government starts appointing catholic bishops for example , they are interfering with the rc church . 
  took me a moment to realise your flag was n't polish . 
  probably not that many brown ex-muslims in poland  strangely , one of the few indonesian words i know is * babi panggang * . 
  very popular here with chinese-indonesian take-away restaurants . 
  it 's usually pork in sweet-sour sauce . 
  it 's of course impossible to have some weird litmus test on every refugee to ` test ' whether they have backwards ideas , but i do n't like the idea of letting everyone in either . 
  of course sending them back to syria or other conflict zones is not an option either . 
  i think a better solution would be for them to be granted refugee status in countries with similar values , but that 's not really happening either ( although the neighbouring countries have a huge amount of refugees ) . 
  very similar to how it played out in the netherlands . 
  i do n't think it needs to be leftist , it just needs to have no christian parties . 
  i 'm not too comfortable with either . 
  i do n't want the government to fund religion that has these aspects of bigotry in it , but i also do n't want the government to censor what people can believe . 
  in my opinion they should just go after the militants and their recruiters , and stop shitholes like saudi arabia to fund religion in belgium . 
  if belgium was already paying imams , it did n't help much . 
  belgium has a fairly high number of jihadis per person . 
  i do n't see how you could make those religions better without making them so washed out the believers do n't buy it anymore . 
  you can not make many of the abrahamic religions ` normal ' without cutting out large parts of the books . 
  i doubt the true believers are suddenly going to accept homosexuality or apostacy . 
  i have no idea , but i would prefer if the government did n't involve itself with religion . 
  let the churches fund themselves by charging their members . 
  did the government then also edit their holy books to remove all the bigotry , or are they deliberately funding bigotry and superstition ? 
  yes !, 
  why is the government even spending money on propagating bullshit superstitions ? 
  superstitions that btw often involve bigotry against homosexuals , women , atheists , and people of other religions . 
  i do n't know why the government would want to be complicit in that . 
  wow , that is pretty ridiculous . 
  why ? 
  they can just not allow saudi extremist money . 
  i hope the government will not take part in spreading religion . 
  well , why do they support those other religions ? 
  if people want their religion , let them pay for it . 
  i also do n't like the government trying to influence religious beliefs . 
  it is a bit like the chinese government appointing catholic bishops or appointing the next dalai lama . 
  that should be left for the religious organisations to decide for themselves . 
  if they start doing illegal stuff such as recruiting violent militants , that 's when you shut them down . 
  also , religion is very good at spreading bigotry against gay people or women . 
  is the government going to give funding for that ? 
  or do they believe that magically these people will cut out the bigotry from their religion ? 
  but then the government is supporting one religion , and not the others . 
  i do n't feel any money should be going to a specific religion . 
  btw , just because an idea is simple does n't mean it 's good . 
  they should n't be influencing how people interpret their religion , just crack down on the people who are involved in radicalising jihadis and such . 
  jail them , or bomb them to pieces if they make it to syria . 
  i still do n't like the idea of the government directly funding religion . 
  we need less religion , not more of it . 
  they probably also cleared a lot of land for agriculture . 
  and much of the land here is actually drained marshland , or even land reclaimed from the sea . 
  many of the famous windmills were not for milling grain , but for pumping out the water . 
  yes , the long lost ent-wives are found in the netherlands . 
  / r/entwives, 
  it 's not the only factor though . 
  ireland and iceland have low population density but also few trees . 
  denmark also is n't that densely populated . 
  denmark and the netherlands do have a very similar climate and landscape though . 
  your job is unfamiliar to me . 
  we got rid of the trees somewhere during the early middle ages . 
  come to the netherlands . 
  the most interesting thing while driving on the highway is the smell of cow dung . 
  without proportional representation you can get craziness such as in the uk , with cameron ` winning ' with just 37 % of the vote . 
  that means 63 % of people voted for other parties . 
  smaller parties without regional clustering of voters get screwed ( ukip , the greens , libdems ) while parties with clustered voters such as the scottish national party are overrepresented . 
  one thing that would need adjusting is the time needed to organise elections . 
  coalition governments have a tendency of falling apart before the next election , so there is no time for long primaries and such . 
  i meant the other candidates were radical conservatives , not trump . 
  i also think trump is paying lip service to some conservative or christian ideas , but does n't really seem to truly care about religion . 
  that is why i find the other candidates more scary . 
  maybe it 's different from a european perspective but i do n't understand the religious fanaticism in us politics . 
  i also prefer a system with proportional representation . 
  that way parties can just split up , and you will end up with an extremist fringe party for the radicals and a normal right wing party . 
  it gives people a lot more parties to vote for . 
  i think we currently have 11 parties with national representation in parliament . 
  and yes , some are strange fringe parties . 
  but did n't the republican party on average get a lot more radical than it used to be in the past ? 
  many of the other candidates are religious fanatics , while trump seems to be more of a cultural christian and not a true believer . 
  it 's standard practice but that 's the point of these halal and kosher slaughter methods : they are given exemption for being religious . 
  i think social pressure from the community would be stronger than that of wider society , so people from a background that practices circumcision will just keep doing it . 
  i think the only way to stop this is to hand out huge fines for everyone who gets caught . 
  eventually it 'll stop because people know they will get punished for it . 
  mayonnaise . 
  always mayonnaise . 
  but the inevitable diplomacy needs a starting point , and everyone wants to start from a point of strength .
