  field hockey is fairly popular here among posh people , and ice hockey is seen as something that canadians and russians do . 
  in the netherlands , when the host says `` it 's nearly dinner time '' he/she does n't mean that as an invitation , but is ` kindly ' telling you to go away . 
  ` hospitality ' does n't translate terribly well to dutch . 
  you can not reason a person out of an idea they did not reason themselves into in the first place . 
  facts ? 
  meh , do n't care . 
  i think that in many or most european countries there is a populist right wing party or movement . 
  germany was just late in getting it , it 's been around for decades , just not in germany . 
  i think germany was just late in getting a right wing populist party , probably for historical reasons . 
  it happened in denmark , belgium , france , and the netherlands one or two decades ago . 
  it 's pretty inevitable , and those already euroskeptic parties are bolstered by the lackluster approach of the eu and individual member states regarding the refugee crisis . 
  i think it has become the new normal , there is a new political group that is in my opinion not that helpful , but it 's not going away either . 
  if hockey means ice hockey where you live , what do you call normal hockey ? 
  i 'm not that familiar with that sub , but ` building bridges ' is a metaphor for bringing different groups in society together , as opposed to the allegedly ` divisive ' politics from right-wing populists . 
  it 's the kind of stereotypical thing that a left-wing eurocrat ( in the eyes of their opponents ) would say . 
  it 's a parody on the / r/the _ donald , it 's not really about schultz , they just used him as a base to make fun of trump . 
  but the sub is a parody , it 's a parody of the donald . 
  do n't most of them speak standard german instead of a franconian language ? 
  it was the wrong kind of gibberish !, 
  mispronounced gibberish . 
  they should turn it into a grand duchy again !, 
  there 's probably some unemployed russian or swedish nobility around . 
  and yet you name your country after the franks . 
  give us back our name !, 
  one major difference between finland and the scandinavian countries is language : the scandinavians all speak closely related languages , while finnish is completely unrelated ( and really complicated ) . 
  two countries with nukes ( france , and we have american nukes at volkel ) , versus belgium and germany ? 
  my money is on us . 
  or just nuke the shit out of them . 
  their population is very concentraded in just a few metropolitan areas , there would be no one left . 
  spain has its population very much centered on a few places such as the area around madrid , which makes them very vulnerable to nukes . 
  sure you want to go up against france ? 
  it depends , does it have to be a land border ? 
  if so , it 's just belgium and germany for the netherlands , so i think the choice is obvious . 
  oh , i just realised the kingdom of the netherlands has a land border with france ( on st martin in the caribbean , but still ) . 
  that changes things . 
  zero effort on getting the pronunciation even close , it 's almost gibberish . 
  and as has been said , it just looks weird . 
  everything about is anachronistic : the weird mis-matched clothes , old and new furniture of different styles , the huuuuge cross on the wall . 
  and apparently everyone here should wear woolen sweaters . 
  that one daughter with the weird hat looks extremely out of place in that outfit , she is in the wrong century . 
  and it 's so obviously made by someone who did n't really research anything , just came up with some image in his head of a quaint , generic european family . 
  but there it was intentional . 
  the cringy clip just could n't be bothered to find someone that speaks dutch . 
  it is so cringy because they could n't be bothered to find someone who speaks dutch . 
  the dutch here is so mispronounced it 's gibberish . 
  i notice a similar thing with some non-native speakers of dutch , but especially the diphtongs seem to be hard to them . 
  i think it is also very much dependent on context . 
  when i was a killed i adressed my teacher the formal way , but i am now an adult and we live in the same street , so he is more or less a neighbour and it 's informal now . 
  i feel that using the formal adress creates a distance and a formality . 
  i was always informal with all of my family , including grandparents . 
  same with parents of close friends , they are ` almost family ' and using the formal adress would seem cold . 
  using the informal indicates you have become a * familiaris * , you belong to the inner circle . 
  i also know someone who adresses his parents with ` u ' . 
  which felt incredibly weird to me , as his parents were very young and dressed in a very informal manner . 
  another interesting thing is how god is adressed . 
  in german he is adressed informally in the unser vater . 
  in primary and secondary school we always used the formal form and the family name , not the first name . 
  it was often the same at university , unless you were similar in age to the teacher , or knew them more closely . 
  it 's a bit cold and distant to adress a teacher formally when you 've been having a beer with them the day before . 
  i feel that in many cases in dutch using the informal adress is not a sign of disrespect , but of closeness . 
  the people who live in my building generally use the informal when adressing each other , because they are neighbours , and using the formal would create a distance . 
  adults sometimes adress children in the formal manner when punishing or scolding them . 
  using an informal version with acquaintences indictates that you are now * familiares * . 
  i forgot most of the french i learned in school , but people really call someone ma\u00eetresse ? 
  that 's a euphemism for ' a woman on the side ' in dutch . 
  and in the northern bits , madam is the word for a female pimp . 
  and blackadder . 
  season 4 is pure gold . 
  but i have my doubts it will be decent quality control . 
  15 % thc ? 
  help !, 
  moral hazard !, 
  limit it to 5 % . 
  i do n't know , our liberal party is strongly opposed to cannabis , at least the politicians of the party . 
  their justice minister said he knows people who died from weed . 
  that quote has become sort of a running gag in / r/thenetherlands . 
  i sort of like the limbo it is in in the netherlands . 
  i 'm afraid that if the government regulates it , they will do stupid things such as put limits on levels of thc and such . 
  i 've already heard politicians mention that , they do n't seem to realise that people adjust the amount of weed according to its strength . 
  i read that as ` republic netherlands ' at first . 
  shots fired . 
  what happens in zakynthos stays in zakynthos ? 
  to me denmark felt like a slightly scandinavian version of the netherlands . 
  same weather , same landscape , the people sort of seem the same , and the language is just as mumbly as dutch . 
  i almost felt as if i should understand it , but it was just beyond the edge of getting it somehow . 
  i had exactly the same experience in friesland ( our province where they speak frisian ) . 
  not when you leave out half of it . 
  europe ? 
  germoney . 
  i rarely pay in cash . 
  that stuff is meant for weed and hookers . 
  i have never seen a lobster tank in any supermarket here , and live sea-food is not a thing here at all . 
  it would freak people out . 
  i 've seen living crabs in a market in france , but it was just weird . 
  all food here is supposed to be dead before we buy it . 
  and lobster , yuck . 
  i 've never eaten it , but they just look like monsters . 
  and bagging groceries is not something that happens here , regardless of whether you are in a high end or lower end supermarket . 
  it just does n't exist . 
  you drop whatever you want to buy at the cashier 's , they bleep it , you pay , and you carry your stuff to your car/bicycle .
