  we could end up with more parties , this is list is only parties that already have seats . 
  there are parties not on this list that also participace so the list could grow even longer . 
  portugal does n't have the rhine , and is n't next to strong economies . 
  more the other way around , wilders ( pvv ) is in the lead : http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/, 
  yeah , pretty much that . 
  in many places the water takes ages to warm up . 
  it 's ok in my home as i live next to the boiler of our building , but in many other places it takes a really long time . 
  i do n't think the movie was that historically correct at all . 
  i enjoyed it , but it has serious issues with historical accuracy , and is heavily romanticised . 
  the timeline in the movie is practically the entire career of de ruyter , and he had three wives during that time , and there is as far as i know no real evidence of him being blackmailed by the prince . 
  i still liked the movie . 
  most dutch people did n't even know about the treaty with ukraine until after it was completed . 
  but then some anti-eu populists started to make an issue of it and managed to force a referendum . 
  the referendum was idiotic : it would be valid if 30 % showed up . 
  so the no voters showed up , and many yes voters did n't vote because they hoped for low turnout . 
  turnout was 32 % , so the yes people made a mistake here . 
  i do n't think most dutch people are against ukraine , they are more anti-russia . 
  do n't forget their rebels/green men shot down the plane mh17 . 
  oh , the vvd receives enough blame . 
  everyone i know who votes vvd dislikes them , but they dislike the other parties even more ( and think wilders is an idiot ) . 
  the pvda has the problem that there are a few similar parties ( groenlinks , sp ) . 
  there are few alternatives to vvd . 
  what about the afd ? 
  i think many dutch people dislike authority in some way ( although generally rule-abiding , compared to many other countries ) . 
  so a right wing populist website that mocks politicians got popular somewhere in the last 10 years . 
  i know many non-right wing people that read it because they find it funny . 
  the news on geenstijl is sometimes funny because it 's deliberately over the top , and everything is a stereotype . 
  the referendum was technically an off-shoot though : geenpijl . 
  still the no campaign was associated with geenstijl , and a bunch of other populist anti-eu figures ( thierry baudet ), 
  that 's almost an argument against this type of rederendum  i think it 's fine on a local level , but you can not use it for foreign policy , as it makes the country completely unreliable . 
  especially when downvoting treaties after the fact . 
  but those are self-reported . 
  are they true answers , or desirable answers ? 
  i do n't think many would say they want to mess with rutte or the eu , as that sounds petty . 
  that 's the turnout some countries have for eu elections . 
  oh yes , you can bet that any upcoming referendum that has something to do with the eu will be voted no . 
  they should abolish the silly referendum law , at least with regard to foreign policy . 
  you can not have foreign policy be decided by referendum . 
  a referendum is nice for a town deciding whether to build a swimming pool or a football field , but not much else . 
  i said this in another post :  the referendum is already dealth with : the current pm got some concessions in that a few phrases were added , basically saying that this treaty was not a first step in eu membership . 
  he said that was the most he could achieve , saying the netherlands should use their political capital or bargaining power better elsewhere , rather than pissing everyone off by insisting the treaty be ditched . 
  at least that 's my view . 
  it 's basically blown over a bit , although it may come back to haunt pm rutte in the upcoming elections . 
  btw , this does n't even exclude ukraine from future eu membership , it just makes clear that this is not a first step . 
  the coalition between vvd ( liberal ) and pvda ( social dems ) . 
  people who voted for one party did so because they hated the other party . 
  and they we got both . 
  this is vaguely reflected in the polls , the pvda is doing horrible . 
  vvd a bit less horrible , because there are few alternatives for right-wing people ( and many are unwilling to vote for the populist pvv ) http://peilingwijzer.tomlouwerse.nl/ forming a coalition will be hell in march , as every party has excluded pvv ( geert wilders ) . 
  the referendum is already dealth with : the current pm got some concessions in that a few phrases were added , basically saying that this treaty was not a first step in eu membership . 
  he said that was the most he could achieve , saying the netherlands should use their political capital or bargaining power better elsewhere , rather than pissing everyone off by insisting the treaty be ditched . 
  btw , in the netherlands , whenever our politicians say something pro-eu , the population goes the other way . 
  it 's why many people here like poles coming to work . 
  i know a few employers that prefer poles over the local minorities . 
  the people there are still mostly us citizens , so they have the largest economy in the world to move around in . 
  someone from albania might be screwed . 
  because they can make more money elsewhere ? 
  it 's why people have moved to other countries for centuries . 
  sure , but the result is generally the same . 
  if we did n't have polish people working to keep the factories running , they would have to move the factories to poland and just send back the goods . 
  i know a few businesses that are heavily reliant on poles , as they ca n't find dutch people willing to do the work . 
  i think that there is a strong feeling that free movement of goods must go together with free movement of people . 
  so that instead of a business that can not find employees moving across the border , people from that country can come to work . 
  of course britain is not a low wage country , but i feel the eu will want to stick to the principle . 
  but we have really high air humidity , that should count for something , right ? 
  and dr evil was supposedly belgian , not dutch . 
  it 's just the peanuts in bowls in the pub . 
  bring your own if you are worried , salty peanuts in the pub are just a way to make you thirsty , so you 're not missing out , 
  i think it 's more a case of things not getting translated to dutch , because it 's a small market . 
  and people dislike dubbing , so things are usually subtitled , unless it 's for young children , in which case it is dubbed . 
  and dutch and english are close , but not that close . 
  dutch may possibly be the closest language to english , but english is not the closest language to dutch : german is a lot closer , but we just get more exposure to english . 
  there are also regional languages such as frisian , scots , low german . 
  everyone alive today was born while britain and france were allies  but i see your point . 
  i think the spread of english is also largely to do with cultural output : i grew up on british tv shows such as keeping up appearances , allo allo , dad 's army , blackadder . 
  and later top gear of course . 
  and lots of american movies . 
  it 's probably not true . 
  pretty much everyone has french classes in school . 
  that does n't mean they learn to speak it properly ( most people know a bit of french , but no more ) . 
  but dutch is n't going to die out either . 
  i know plenty of people who are uncomfortable watching an english-language movie without subtitles , or who ca n't read an english book . 
  in cities such as amsterdam there are a lot of expats and you could get by with english , but that 's not the case in the rest of the country at all . 
  i 'm opposed to that btw : if you are going to live in a country you should speak the language . 
  i 'm willing to speak whatever languages i can speak to tourists , but if you are here long-term you should speak dutch . 
  the protestants invented capitalism , for good or for ill . , 
  perhaps if you have a ` hairy basement ' down there . 
  but i would n't want to get my arse wet whenever i take a shit , it 's cold enough already . 
  another secret : i often do n't wash my hands either when i go to the toilet , because the cold makes it really uncomfortable . 
  it 's not socially acceptable , but according to research many people do n't . 
  they researched stuff such as doorknobs and bowls of peanuts , and they found lots of different pee samples on them . 
  so lots of people prefer not to use water , even to clean their hands , let alone their behinds . 
  at least for the netherlands , hard drugs are not that much of a problem . 
  in a sad way , many of the old school hard drug users are dead by now . 
  things such as heroine have a bad image among younger people , who mostly drink alcohol , smoke ganja , or use ` party pills ' , if they do any of those things at all . 
  in the netherlands we have ` coffeeshops ' , which is a euphemism for pot stores . 
  they sell weed/mariuhana and hashish . 
  for homeless shelters , it is sometimes impossible to accept people who are addicted to alcohol/drugs and become aggressive towards the other homeless people . 
  i think that the homeless people today are mostly people who do not fit into the system we have because of that , or because they reject help . 
  for example , it 's not allowed to drink in most shelters , which is a problem for alcoholics obviously .
