  alcohol contains a huge amount of calories and russia has the reputation that people there drink a lot . 
  is there a lot of drinking in kyrgyzstan ? 
  i would guess there is less of it than in russia since there are more people of muslim background in kyrgyzstan . 
  but it is that simple !, 
  if people in another country have a better society , it makes sense to copy them . 
  if people in shitholes want to continue to live in shitholes , it 's sad but it 's not our fault . 
  well , people should stop having religion dictate what they believe . 
  as soon as they see the clergy for what they are , a bunch of tyrants , things should improve . 
  i believe in a best practice model : when you see another country is doing better , you should try to copy whatever it is they are doing . 
  an example : spain went from an awful dictator that supported the rc church to a democracy that now allows same-sex marriage , all within a generation or so . 
  the hre had a fairly specific relationship with the roman catholic church . 
  also , in dutch the name is * ` heilige roomse rijk * and * roomse * usually refers to roman catholic , not rome in general or the ancient romans . 
  contrast * romeinse rijk * , as * romeins * means things related to the romans instead of the church . 
  also , in the hre many lands were governed by the church instead of by nobles . 
  and there was the investiture controversy , which is in some way a power struggle between church and state , and pertains to religious freedom and secularism . 
  the idea of having clergy appointed by the pope is religious freedom , but when they also hold secular power some lines are crossed . 
  that far back most states were n't really secular anyway . 
  you 're not even jewish , walter , you 're a fucking polish catholic !, 
  well , the people in those dark places have seen our progressive society . 
  there is no reason they ca n't copy that and finally catch up . 
  but now you just mention a bunch of other ultra-conservative societies . 
  that there are religious nuts elsewhere does n't make it less bad that there are religious nuts here . 
  the catholics also had their share : the papal states , the holy roman empire , and a lot of bishoprics or other lands ruled by the church . 
  `` what 's a pederast , walter ? '', 
  yeah , but it 's not the 50s or 60s anymore . 
  is this perhaps also a motherland vs fatherland thing ? 
  in cases like this there is no ` right thing ' . 
  you can not know how things will turn out for either yourself or the children . 
  i do n't want any children , but if i had them i would probably be happy with them too . 
  or do n't want kids ever . 
  i 'm not saying it is a wasted life for everyone , but it is a wasted life if you do n't want marriage and children . 
  once you have children your life changes completely . 
  for someone who does n't want that , pressure to marry is very annoying . 
  in more conservative societies that is a real thing . 
  that english with all those irregular plurals , too difficult for yurop . 
  child - childs , wolf - wolfs !, 
  no one here knew about it either until after it had passed and people started to organise the referendum against it ( because of the silly referendum law , a referendum can only be petitioned after the treaty has passed , so that is why we were a bit late ) . 
  i agree that we are n't the most stylish people ( heh ) , but are we really that awful ? 
  so you are basically treated like a colonial in your own country ? 
  you 'd expect the people in the capital to be the closest to power , not furthest . 
  but seriously , how are you not represented in congress ? 
  ca n't you vote ? 
  how about just making our own nukes instead , like france and britain have done ? 
  the technology is there . 
  so that is from the lisbon treaty , you know , that other treaty that we rejected in a referendum in 2005 . 
  nice to see our vote matters . 
  maybe i worded that wrong . 
  but the yes-campaign at least did n't * take * their chance . 
  the no-campaign was much more visible in my experience . 
  and the 30 % turnout shafted the yes-people : they had to choose between outvoting the no-voters , or staying home and hoping the turnout would be below 30 % . 
  the no-voters did not have this problem . 
  he was sober long enough to say something ? 
  wow . 
  yes , and that is one of the reasons the vote was skewed towards no : the yes voters could either win by outvoting the no voters , or by staying home and hoping for a low turnout . 
  that is quite a dilemma . 
  how so ? 
  that is what nato is for . 
  it is a defensive alliance , the eu is not . 
  i 'm still not a fan of how the referendum was organised : the 30 % turnout was stupid and possibly caused the yes people to stay at home , and the yes-campaign was also pretty much non-existent . 
  i voted against but i still feel that the yes people did n't get a fair chance because of the way it was organised . 
  the strategy of staying home clearly has n't worked , but it failed by only a little bit . 
  if they wanted to win all of them should have stayed home to fap . 
  i also voted against . 
  i 'm fine with people shitting on the eu . 
  that till sounds pretty bad . 
  so parents can force a girl of 12 to give birth to a child ? 
  horrific and very dangerous . 
  that does n't mean that they are supporters of putin . 
  of course there is foreign influence in politics , we even got the ` advice ' to vote yes from a spokesperson of the white house . 
  does that mean that yes-voters are bought by the americans ? 
  but of course we ca n't let our every move be dictated by whether some russian propagandist can spin it into a story . 
  i feel that the safety of europe vs russia is more a case for nato than for the eu . 
  if a referendum about eu membership was possible , we would have had one by now . 
  that is why the europskeptics are using opportunities such as this to call for a referendum . 
  not everything is about putin . 
  so parents can force their child to give birth ? 
  ewl , that is disgusting . 
  so how does that work ? 
  let 's say a man impregnates a woman and then just walks away . 
  the woman has no way of proving it is his child if there is no paternity test . 
  how do people determine who the father is ? 
  what 's wrong with finding out who the father is ? 
  and people are leaking dna all day . 
  i think it 's more important to find the real father so the kid has someone to provide for him . 
  voluntary ? 
  i think many people do n't feel that way . 
  no one asked us whether we wanted to join the eu , it just was there one day . 
  the result of the 2005 referendum was completely ignored . 
  anyway , it does n't matter , because this referendum wo n't have any effect at all . 
  the economic part of it is already in place . 
  do you have any evidence that these people and parties are supporters of putin ? 
  just because people are anti-eu does n't mean they are in league with other people who also happen to be anti-eu . 
  you were the one who brough up gloating russians . 
  here no one cares whether medvedev is gloating or not . 
  that is why this referendum law is stupid , because every referendum vaguely related to the eu will be shot down by angry voters . 
  so maybe russian politicians are gloating , but there is no reason to think dutch voters voted against the treaty to appease russians . 
  it was ( as far as we can tell , voters do n't need to give a reason for their vote ) all about the eu . 
  i feel that people were very confused with this referendum . 
  people have all kinds of reasons to vote . 
  this referendum was idiotic .
