  it 's possible , they can assign higher priority to other people which means they basically get bumped in front of you . 
  some places also work with a random lottery-style system so more people means longer waiting on average . 
  they should really do something about the shortage , it 's ridiculous since it 's been this way for years and it 's still not resolved . 
  the government can borrow for about 0 % and there is still enough unemployement , this is the perfect time to start building lots of houses . 
  there is already a shortage in social housing in the netherlands . 
  the waiting lists are sometimes well over 5 years . 
  of course you ca n't blame the refugees for needing a home but we should blame the government for being not just a little unprepared , but having neglected everything for years even before the refugee crisis started . 
  maybe they act like cunts but it 's generally accepted that russia is the main successor state to the ussr . 
  if japan refused to acknowledge war crimes from ww2 it 's still clear they are the main successor to the japanese empire of ww2 . 
  the french republics are successors to the french kingdom and so on . 
  the glorious united states of murica and yurop !, 
  but russia is the main successor state of the ussr , just like germany is the successor to the german empire and the weimar republic . 
  for some reason many people are against nuclear weapons . 
  i think from a perspective of self-preservation you could be opposed to someone else having nuclear weapons , but why complain when your own country has them ? 
  i do n't know the answer but in the netherlands it 's fine to drive a foreign car as long as you do n't live in the netherlands . 
  if you live here you 'll have to officially import the car after a while . 
  profits and share value can grow by lowering spending . 
  it 's what a lot of companies did when demand went down because of the crisis . 
  i think the train is a popular way in the netherlands . 
  sounds like it could be some kinky sex act . 
  but of course they will want to have their `` headquarters '' in some european tax haven . 
  just put up a mailbox in amsterdam to file taxes and shovel the money through ireland via cyprus and you 're set !, 
  that depends . 
  can you do the slav squat ? 
  i also feel that the french have much more variety . 
  i find many of the dutch cheeses quite similar . 
  i like komijnenkaas though ( cumin cheese ) . 
  people also eat and drink ridiculous amounts of dairy products aside from cheese . 
  supermarkets have a huge selections of yoghurts , custards and milk-based drinks . 
  maybe i belong to that elite 10 % then . 
  nah , just leftists , pacifists and germans . 
  i myself was surprised in 1991 that they did n't remove saddam then . 
  but for example the kurds , they are a nation that never had their own state and is spread over different countries . 
  but people generally do n't dispute that they are their own people , they just never had a country . 
  of course a nation-state is a bit of a sliding scale . 
  you could say that cultural and linguistic differences are very large between germany . 
  i think linguistic differences are often considered important , belgium is a good example . 
  many people there feel more flemish than belgium and it is mostly a language issue . 
  i agree that they should put much more effort in a democratic way to reach their goals , but would the spanish government really let them go if the majority of catalans wants to leave ? 
  it 's already there , it 's just sort of fragmented . 
  i do n't think there are many truly secular places in the middle-east . 
  saudi arabia and iran are basically a slightly less savage version of isis . 
  for me my car is purely for convenience . 
  it would be really annoying just for daily life if i did n't have a car . 
  i know some people who really like cars and motorbikes though . 
  not by me personally . 
  and i do n't really see a solution , it 's not like the government is suddenly going to massively improve public transportation here . 
  the local city is already quite broke . 
  i 'd rather spend money on my car than on more taxes . 
  i really do n't see how public transport can replace my car . 
  i often drive fairly short distances and i often take a bunch of stuff with me . 
  hmm , seems that is happening in the middle-east right now . 
  except there is no plan in place for what to do after most of the crazies are dead . 
  most shopping centers here have free parking , it 's only in the main city center that it 's expensive . 
  i have no problem finding a parking spot but i can see how that 's a problem in huge cities . 
  driving here is usually fairly safe and when encountering assholes i prefer to be in my car as opposed to encountering them in a train or bus . 
  i remember a crazy guy that became aggressive in the train , the guy seemed on drugs or something . 
  i met lots of really annoying people in the train , it is actually one of the main reasons i prefer my car . 
  also , in my car i can sit . 
  in the bus/train/tram , that 's often not the case because it 's too full . 
  but in my opinion the people of catalonia should be able to vote on their indepence by asking just the catalonians . 
  of course if all of spain gets to vote on this they will never get indepence . 
  what the pro-independence people are doing now is pretty stupid but it 's the result of not being taken seriously by the spanish government . 
  and i feel spain is sort of in between a nation-state and something else . 
  it 's clear there are many different communities . 
  the basque language is n't even related to spanish and catalan is also clearly a different language . 
  of course the crimean example was very shitty on the part of russia , but borders get violated all the time . 
  i 'd rather see them change in a peaceful and orderly way than by invasion , revolution or civil war . 
  yeah my car is my personal space , that is one of the things i like about it . 
  i can leave my stuff in my car . 
  i can see how it would be especially useful with children as some of the cars here are usually full of kid-related stuff . 
  i have no interest in those semi-public cars that you can call up as it 's completely different from my own car with my own crap in it . 
  also , many people actually like cars and driving . 
  if they want to spend their money to buy a really nice car , it 's not my place to tell them they should drive a generic commie car . 
  well , just when shopping . 
  if i have to do multiple shopping runs because i ca n't put in the trunk of my car that would get annoying fast . 
  it would also be really tiring for me to drag a crate of beer all the way to my home . 
  and public transport stops working during the night which is a huge annoyance of mine . 
  i just ca n't rely on them . 
  i also did n't need a car as a student , but that was because i had a free travel pass for bus and train . 
  i got a car when that expired because public transport gets quite expensive and the car was also much faster for me . 
  also , the neighbourhood with old people i was talking about is a fairly wealthy neighbourhood with lots of mercedeses and such , so they still prefer to drive even if they can get really cheap public transport because of being old . 
  i think that unless you live in a huge city like amsterdam a car will usually be more practical . 
  if i have to take the bus to visit my dad it 's over 30 minutes , by car or bicycle it 's 10 . 
  i know a lot of people over 60 who mostly use their car . 
  my dad lives in a neighbourhood full of old and really old people , and everyone there has a car . 
  it may depend a lot on what neighbourhood it is ( meaning whether people can easily afford a car or not , quite a few old people are poor ) . 
  that is what enforcing laws is , having the force to do so . 
  crimea is only part of ukraine as long as there was a ukrainian garrison . 
  when they were replaced by a russian garrison the place became russian . 
  territorial integrity is a load of crap . 
  if a people want their own state because they are not part of the nation state they are in , why not ? 
  when the austrian empire fell apart the hungarians got their own state after hundreds of years . 
  i do n't see why hungarians must be ruled by austrians . 
  the idea that the current borders are set in stone is ridiculous . 
  many of the borders are simply wrong . 
  now if there is not a very clear majority for the catalonians then of course they should not get their own state , but if there is why try to stop them ? 
  if it goes in an orderly way they could still be part of nato and eu . 
  the problem is that the spanish government is n't taking this seriously as they always refuse to talk about and even go so far as to oppose the independence of other countries . 
  the old imperial mentality .
