  it was cold as shit . 
  lately the weather has been awful as well , the last few weeks it 's been hovering around zero and sometimes far below , freezing . 
  it 's gotten a bit better as it 's only 6c outside , or something like that . 
  as long as there is no snow , i 'm walking around on my sandals . 
  her name is somewhat uncommon for the netherlands as well , and her stage name is ancilla tilia , which does n't sound dutch at all . 
  but names ending on - a are generally considered feminine . 
  she is ( or was ? ), 
  one of the main people behind the pirate party , and she also had a career as a model , often involving tight latex suits . 
  but do people in portugal really care if someone stumbles upon a hot girl on the interwebs ? 
  considering the climate , i 'd suspect people in portugal are a bit more used to girls in bikinis than us here up north , 
  d66 is completely opposed to the pvv , there is absolutely no way they are going to be in a government coalition together . 
  d66 is pro-eu , while the pvv is very much anti-eu , and also very much opposed to islam . 
  pvv is n't that economically liberal either , they are sort of centrist or even leftist maybe . 
  sp is socialist and vaguely euro-skeptic , the pvv is right-wing populist and full-on anti-eu . 
  the pvv is also sort of left on financial issues , they were against raising the retirement age for example . 
  so left . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zwarte_piet `` zwarte piet '' are the companions of sinterklaas , saint nicholas , who visits the country in december to give presents to children . 
  he is based on a greek bishop from what is now turkey , [ saint nicholas of myra ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/saint_nicholas ) . 
  zwarte piet is somewhat controversial , as it is essentially people in blackface . 
  people ca n't agree whether they are black because they resemble slaves , or resemble the moors , or whether they are stained by crawling through chimneys . 
  anyway , st nicholas supposedly comes to the netherlands from spain every november/december by steamer . 
  he goes around on a white horse , walking on roofs , and gives presents to children in de weeks leading up to december 5th . 
  kids put their shoe next to the chimney with a carrot in it ( for the horse of sinterklaas ) , and zwarte piet goes down the chimney at night to retrieve the carrot , and leaves a present , such as a chocolate letter , or a small toy . 
  and then on december 5th it 's `` pakjesavond '' , the evening where children get the big present/presents . 
  until 2013 they banned women from serving as polticians . 
  women could vote for them , but that was it . 
  and i hope your mum is against sunday shopping , because that does n't happen in the sgp regions . 
  the website of the sgp is shut down on sundays , because it 's the day of the lord . 
  either d66 or vvd . 
  but still not that libertarian . 
  `` purple '' means something quite different in the netherlands . 
  it was a coalition between `` red '' ( social democrats ) and `` blue '' ( free-market liberals ) , and `` green '' ( liberal democrats ) : the pvda/vvd/d66 coalition . 
  so in the netherlands purple means the coalition between the mainstream left and the mainstream right . 
  the far left is coloured red . 
  they are not opposed to the eu in general , but they are opposed to liberalism and capitalism and suchlike , so they just do n't like the current eu policies . 
  they are not against the idea of the eu , but against the current implementation , with free markets and such . 
  the real anti-eu party is on the populist right , the pvv . 
  they want to leave the eu and abandon the euro . 
  currently leading in the polls , which does n't mean much , as they are still only polled at 30/150 seats or so . 
  political parties are extremely fragmented right now , and we have elections in march 2017 . 
  hippy  they are greenleft , a medium-sized opposition party that favours the environment and generally progressive on social issues , and somewhat left-wing politics . 
  yes , denk was founded by two politicians who split off from the labour party/social democrats ( pvda ) , and i think both are of turkish background . 
  the founders are tunahan kuzu and sel\u00e7uk \u00d6zt\u00fcrk . 
  they also gathered someone of moroccan and someone of surinamese background to their party , and tried to be a general party against discrimination of minorities . 
  but they had a pretty awful media appearance where people asked them questions related to turkey ( erdogan 's policies , the armenian `` issue '' ) , but they declined to answer , as a large part of their voter base are probably conservative dutch turks . 
  here is list of some of our minorities , from wikipedia :  according to a 2005 estimate , the population was 80.9 % dutch , 2.4 % indonesian , 2.4 % german , 2.2 % turkish , 2.0 % surinamese , 1.9 % moroccan , 0.8 % antillean and aruban , and 7.4 % others . 
  btw , turks in the netherlands are probably a bit more conservative than the people of turkey in general . 
  69 % of turkish voters in the netherlands voted for erdogan in the last election . 
  it 's from the netherlands , of course it 's nsfw . 
  the turks already have their own country . 
  but if you need the entire population to vote , no region is ever going to achieve independence . 
  if there was a vote in turkey where everyone could vote for kurdish independence , and not just the kurds , do you think it would pass ? 
  same with basques and catalans , scotland , frisia , chechna , tibet , and so on . 
  i guess that has something to do with football ? 
  i heard about it on tv , but i 've never heard anyone in real life talk about it . 
  well , if you tax them they 'll just set up shop somewhere else , so it 's probably a no-gain situation for the netherlands either way . 
  they are just here for the ridiculously low/zero taxes , if that is abolished there 's no reason for them to bere here . 
  it 's not really on the radar politically . 
  though i feel that it 's fairly insignificant to our budget and gdp either way , it 's better to do the right thing and get our taxes in line with other eu countries . 
  but it 's really , really low on the list of priorities in politics . 
  i 'm pretty sure it wo n't ever come up in political debates this election season . 
  we are also extremely politically fragmented , and the upcoming elections are probably going to be a total disaster , with perhaps no viable coalition possible in march 2017 . 
  there is also a very strong anti-eu populist movement on both the right and the left . 
  they are polling very well : http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week the orange bar is the current amount of seats in the lower house ( out of 150 , it takes 76/150 to have a majority coalition ) . 
  the light and dark blue ones are recent polls . 
  it is even more scattered as there are parties competing that are not in this list . 
  the pvv is right wing populist and very anti-eu and anti-islam . 
  they are not going to help the eu in any way ( they want to get rid of the eu , and get rid of the euro ) . 
  the sp are the far left socialists , they are not completely against the eu but still fairly euroskeptic . 
  they do n't like the free movement and free market stuff . 
  then there are some of the mainstream parties : vvd , right-wing liberals . 
  vaguely pro-eu , but with some obligatory anti-eu rethoric . 
  pvda , the social democrats , mainstream pro-eu , who are probably going to get demolished in the upcoming election . 
  cu/sgp are minor socially conservative christian parties . 
  cda are the mainstream christian democrats ( think angela merkel ) . 
  then there are some minor parties for pensioner 's rights , and the greenleft , and a party for animal rights , and a bunch of new parties who are either right wing populist or left wing populist ( at least how i see it ) . 
  i do n't think there is actually that much interest in other eu countries . 
  last year the referendum about the eu-ukraine cooperation treaty also ended with a clear no , in a way a big ` fuck you ' to both the eu and ukraine , and to the current impopular government . 
  i think the only way this is going to change is international pressure from outside the netherlands , because there is no pressure from voters . 
  edit : oh , i just read in another topic in / r/europe that juncker blocked tax reforms . 
  if it 's been in the news here , it 's not a big deal for most people . 
  i did not know about it and i read the news this afternoon . 
  we respect them too much to make fun of them . 
  the phrases ` du pain , du vin , du boursin ' was actually used in a dutch commercial for boursin . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/double_irish_arrangement there is the double irish-dutch sandwich , where companies make use of different tax laws between countries , and shove their money around a bit so they pay little or no taxes . 
  ireland and the netherlands are both important parts of that . 
  btw , u2 is a dutch band now , otherwise they would need to pay taxes in ireland . 
  ca n't have that !, 
  it 's just because he plays a lot of walzes , and his orchestra is called the johan strauss orchestra . 
  and he is from limburg , which has a bit of a ` southern ' feel to it . 
  it 's because he plays a lot of walzes , which are associated with vienna . 
  the orchestra is even named `` the johan strauss orchestra '' . 
  it 's probably just `` culturally slightly different people in the north '' . 
  some even speak another language !, 
  and those that choose to speak dutch do so with a unique accent . 
  there is also a tiny independence movement in frisia . 
  the people there also often have somewhat different names from the rest of the country . 
  there is even the ( possibly untrue ) stereotype of having red hair . 
  they have their own william wallace figure , fighting for the freedom of frisia against the south : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pier_gerlofs_donia he even has the huge sword . 
  i think that was a phrase used in the tv commercials for boursin in the netherlands .
