  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/central_america that 's pretty much how we learned it in school , and the caribbean were somehow seperate . 
  central america was everything south of mexico and north of the south american mainland . 
  we did n't really learn much of the caribbean except for the parts that were part of the kingdom : the islands of aruba , bonaire , cura\u00e7ao in the south , and saba , st maarten , and st eustatius in the north . 
  it helps with remembering if you know a bit about the country . 
  malta was invaded by the ` saracens ' ( arabs/muslims ) from north africa . 
  the maltese language today is descended from arabic with a lot of italian/latin/romance loanwords . 
  it was reconquered by christians and later became a fortified island led by the knights of malta . 
  monaco has the f1 grand prix , and they speak french . 
  it helps to learn the baltic states together . 
  just keep repeating them from north to south : estonia , latvia , lithuania . 
  they are also in alphabetic order from north to south . 
  i got the same score in 1:33 a well  i partially credit the paradox games . 
  when i was in school , a lot of those countries did n't exist yet , and we used really old atlases . 
  luxembourg is easy to remember if you know they are in the [ benelux ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/benelux ) , short for belgium netherlands luxembourg . 
  another factoid : the netherlands and luxembourg were ruled by the same dynasty of kings in personal union , but they had different succession laws . 
  luxembourg had salic law , meaning that only men can inherit , while the netherlands allowed for women successors as well . 
  so once ] william iii ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/william_iii_of_the_netherlands ) , who died about a 15 minute drive from my home , only had female heirs , the title grand duke of luxembourg went to a different branch of the family . 
  it helps if you know a little bit about them , just one factoid : - the president of france is the co-prince of andorra . 
  so it 's probably near france . 
  - liechtenstein sounds german , so it 's probably bordering places where they speak german . 
  - the vatican is in rome . 
  therefore the other italian-sounding microstate , san marino , is ` the other one ' . 
  - if we count luxembourg as a microstate : it is part of the benelux : belgium , netherlands , luxembourg . 
  play more paradox games and you 'll know all of europe . 
  i got 100 % for europe . 
  i would completely mess up the us states though , aside from some of the more populous ones . 
  i also find european states easier to memorise , as they have more iconic shapes . 
  many of the central us states are just squares . 
  we were taught that was central america . 
  i think many people know some of the more populous/iconic states because of the media . 
  california , new york , washing dc ( technically not a state ? 
  ) , florida , hawaii , texas , alaska , nevada . 
  a lot of movies and tv shows take place in those areas . 
  i did n't learn them in school , but from the media and videogames and such . 
  i think most people know some of the more iconic/important states : california , texas , new york , florida , nevada , utah , hawaii , alaska . 
  lack of immersion i guess ? 
  you generally just learn the basics in school , and then you have to use the languages like the natives do . 
  in the netherlands and the scandinavian/nordic countries , the level of english is generally quite good not just because of education , but because they do n't dub foreign movies or tv shows . 
  it 's the daily exposure to a language that makes you really understand it . 
  i think that makes sense , as it 'll be hard to interact with patients when you do n't speak the language . 
  many patients might not speak english very well , certainly not when in distress . 
  i also feel that people can expect all basic services in their region to be provided in the local language . 
  people should never have to learn a foreign language just to get by in their hometown . 
  this is not the same situation , but there are a few expressions that refer to other languages or nationalities . 
  `` daar zit geen woord spaans bij '' ( it does n't contain a word of spanish ) : the meaning is ` clear language ' , sometimes vulgar language . 
  another expression is `` amerikaanse toestanden '' ( american conditions/situations ) . 
  it 's not a compliment , it basically means horrible conditions , wild-west stuff . 
  i do n't think people here apologise for swearing . 
  sure , but why would a restaurant hire a waiter that does n't speak the local language ? 
  if 90 % of your clients are dutch , you want the waiters and the bar people to speak dutch . 
  i feel it 's pretty annoying that you need to order food in a foreign language . 
  i do n't think that is different in france . 
  would a french restaurant that mostly caters to the locals hire someone who does n't speak french ? 
  expect the french customers , in france , to order their meals in english or german or whatever ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  for some jobs , knowing the language is a requirement . 
  i really like languages , and i like hearing foreign languages , but i expect that people in the retail or restaurant businesses in the netherlands speak dutch . 
  when serving customers , speaking their language is the least you can do . 
  i personally did n't really mind , but there are many dutch people who are uncomfortable speaking english , or whose english is n't good enough . 
  but yeah , english is still useful in the netherlands , as many people speak at least basic english , and of course english and dutch are fairly similar anyway . 
  it 's just rude to hire people who do n't speak dutch in the service industry . 
  if you want to work in a medical center and you have to interact with patients , you simply need to have a very high level of dutch . 
  the medical professions sound like the worst for not speaking the local language . 
  the chance for misunderstandings is simply too great , and even in the netherlands where most people speak basic english , the majority of people could n't name all their body parts in english . 
  i 'd say moving to a country and not wanting to learn the language is a pretty stupid idea in general . 
  if you do n't care about the country , why move there ? 
  we 're not cheapskates , it 's the frugal calvinist mentality !, 
  do n't spend money when you do n't have to . 
  but i think tourists are generally a special case . 
  people seem to lose all restraint when they are abroad , as they 'll probably never visit the place again , so they do n't care about offending the locals . 
  every nationality has their own infamous ` bad tourist behaviour ' . 
  but dutch people are essentially pretty rude compared to other cultures , also at home politeness is simply not seen as that important here . 
  i notice that even the germans just across the border are far more formal and polite . 
  the belgians as well , but to a lesser degree . 
  also , in the past only the posh and wealthy families could afford to go skiing , and they generally knew how to behave abroad and spoke german . 
  but today it 's probably what they call here ` een afspiegeling van de maatschappij ' , ` an image of society ' meaning you 'll get people from all walks of life . 
  most people do n't really speak german anymore like they used to . 
  ski instructors are an endangered species in the netherlands . 
  we have no mountains , and we have no snow . 
  if they wanted more money for it , they should have put it on the price list . 
  you can vote against your own party in the netherlands , but that will often mean you are expelled from the party . 
  you get to keep your seat in the house , but getting re-elected is going to be a lot harder if you are not on the list of an established party . 
  still , parties regularly split off from each other , which is why we now have 13 parties with representation in parliament . 
  the last time it happened to me was in 2005 , during the great snowstorm of that year . 
  but everything broke down that day . 
  public transport pretty much stopped functiong , cars were sliding off the road because of the snow , or just gut stuck . 
  i spent hours and hours trying to get home , while the bus and train services were completely falling apart . 
  i was somewhat close to home when everything fell apart , and i was stranded at the train station . 
  fortunately , a friend was nearby and i called him , he was also stuck in traffic , but he eventually got to me and brought me near my home . 
  but we were stuck in traffic again , so we could n't take the left turn , and i had to hoof te last bit . 
  i was lucky , i later heard that quite a few people had to spend the night in their car , or at a local politice station or a shelter . 
  they had trouble clearing the snow because it was full of cars that got stuck . 
  both volunteers and the government were handing out warm drinks and food when able to do so . 
  so , i arrived home , i could n't feel my feet anymore because of all the snow in my shoes . 
  i was happy i made it but then ... pooof , electricity gone . 
  i was afraid it would take a very long time to get fixed , because they likely could n't get through the snow and traffic to repair whatever was broken , so i expected it to last for hours or perhaps days . 
  which would suck , because it meant i would be sitting in the dark ( days are short in november ) and cold ( our heating system had electronic controls ) . 
  but lo and behold !, 
  after some 40 minutes power came back . 
  what did we learn from all this ?
