  * kopen * means ` to buy ' , * koper * means ` person who buys ' . 
  perhaps that 's how cik\u00e1n became zigeuner . 
  well , the coountry is really small , so that probably wo n't be problem . 
  with 300 miles from one tank of gas you could cover the entire country . 
  gas is about 1,70 per liter here . 
  converting that means it 's 6,46 euro per gallon , and converting that to dollars means 6,88 per gallon . 
  if we multiply that by 31 we get one full tank for 213 dollar . 
  i hope i did n't make a mistake somewhere , but it sounds pretty expensive . 
  assuming it 's gas/petrol and not diesel , as diesel is a bit cheaper here . 
  we have some who try something cheaper : they enter a train , and push some cheap object into passenger 's hands , such as paper handkerchiefs , and then demand to get paid . 
  yeah , right , good luck with that . 
  they wander around , and often stay in other countries illegally ( yeah , there is free movement of people , but you are expected to get a job to stay in a country , or at least take care of yourself financially . 
  and not by illegal beggar gangs and stuff like that ) . 
  i think it is telling that they are rejected pretty much everywhere , as long as they stay in illegal camps . 
  if they are not citizens , and do n't contribute ( on the contrary ) , why should they not be kicked out of the country ? 
  i think the difference with black people in the us is that they were enslaved and taken there unwillingly ( not counting more recent black immigrants ) . 
  the gypsies show up unasked for , and essentially behave as a gang of illegals . 
  it looks like bigotry against an ethnicity , but it is the lifestyle . 
  they can easily blend into normal society by living in a normal neighbourhood and by getting a job ( and quite a few do ) , but somehow most remain in camps and engage in dubious activities until they are removed . 
  there are quite a few famous musicians of roma descent who are well-integrated for example , no one cares about their background . 
  it is the roaming camps and beggar-gangs and illegal street musicians.that people want gone . 
  i do n't know , they have a very bad reputation here as well . 
  in fact , `` zigeuner '' , our name for them , has become a general insult for low-lives and shitty people . 
  you 'd probably pay a fortune on road tax here . 
  it 's based on weight and i think on whether it is environmentally friendly ( this one does n't look it is ) . 
  also , petrol is expensive here . 
  the belgians have actually been seperate from the netherlands before that as well . 
  at first what is roughly belgium and the netherlands today was called the burgundian netherlands . 
  but then the family of the duke of burgundy died out , and the habsburgs inherited , the archdukes of austria and often holy roman ( german ) emperor . 
  during 16th century , after charles v abdicated , they split the realms between different branches : his brother became emperor , and his son inherited spain and the low countries . 
  then there was a protestant uprising in the netherlands , the eighty years war happened ( with the tail end called the thirty years war , and involving a large part of europe ) . 
  the northern bit , roughly the netherlands , became officially independent in 1648 , and was ruled by protestants . 
  the southern bit that would become belgium remained under control of the spanish habsburgs and ended up mostly catholic . 
  then after napoleon the great powers wanted more medium-sized powers in europe to have a balance of power , so they decided to create the kingdom of the netherlands , which included belgium and also had luxembourg ruled by the same king . 
  this fell apart quickly , as the dutch calvinist king was very unpopular in the south . 
  luxembourg later also left because of different inheritance laws ( females ca n't inherit ) . 
  so the netherlands and belgium were only very briefly united again , just over 15 years , after centuries of seperation . 
  the war between the netherlands and belgium was n't really caused by language , or at least that was only part of it : at that time the dutch and especially flemish elites spoke french as well . 
  and today when i think of belgians i mostly think of the flemish . 
  as was said , some flemish people know very few walloon celebrities because they follow media in different languages . 
  but there are often flemish people on tv shows in the netherlands , and vice versa . 
  i have two channels from flanders , but none from wallonia . 
  relations between the countries are really good though , with cooperation through the benelux and in the eu and nato , and a part of the navies operate together . 
  you are an eu student . 
  but it 's always best to ask the university . 
  some countries may even offer the same or similar benefits to eu students such as loans . 
  there may also be extra requirements for studying depending on where you study , such as knowing the language . 
  of course with the brexit it 's all up in the air what happens after that . 
  nobody really knows . 
  and i read about that overseas passport , it does sound quite useless . 
  i did n't find all of them that easy , but i figure people would study for it . 
  i still got 8/10 , but i had to guess a few times . 
  that 's still a lot pasta for potato people like me . 
  plenty of dutch people smoke weed . 
  but there are certainly a lot of tourists in some pot stores , especially in amsterdam and the border regions ( people hopping across the border to buy weed ) . 
  i lived in the eastern part of the country , and there were lots of germans who came just to buy weed . 
  meanwhile dutch people cross the border into germany for cheap booze and/or cigarettes . 
  how is it better for temperatures ? 
  i feel that celcius is fine , and makes sense for important benchmarks : 0 is freezing , 100 is boiling water , and 20 is room temperature . 
  and meters/kilometers are fine too . 
  one meter is about once pace . 
  you can roughly measure stuff in meters just by walking . 
  the speed limit is 50 hm/h in the city , 80 km/h outside of it , and usually 120 on the highways . 
  easy to remember . 
  interesting how you managed to dig up that clip . 
  it was part of a longer clip of him in austria , basically making nazi references all the time . 
  he also had a funny ( and rude ) clip about evangalical christians in the us . 
  but can we still make ww2 jokes ? 
  even seeing a picture of a spider makes me want to call the ghostbusters . 
  i did n't know there were any spiders in the netherlands that could bite people . 
  i knew spiders could bite , but generally not humans . 
  i 've only ever picked up spiders with the soles of my shoe . 
  unless i was too afraid : then the cat had to handle it . 
  and something else i notice : speakers of slavic languages often omit or wrongly use articles , as slavic languages generally do n't have them as far as i know . 
  you made two mistakes : you have * a * super strong polish accent , and problems with picking words on * the * fly . 
  not trying to be nasty , just an observation . 
  just as french and arabic speakers generally getting stress completely wrong , dutch and germans having a really silly accent , and so on . 
  it is regular , but it 's hard to use the genders and case system on the spot , the der/den/des / dem stuff . 
  i can understand it , but i am not able to use it correctly while speaking . 
  dutch is more or less german with two genders instead of three , and without a case system . 
  i notice non-native speakers usually keep messing up the genders in dutch , even after years of living here . 
  you are saying i could get bitten a spider in the netherlands ? 
  i was already terrified of spiders . 
  they look monstrous enough even without bites and poison and shit . 
  not just women . 
  i am terrified of spiders . 
  they can get quite big here too , but i 've only rarely seen one as they are uncommon in cities . 
  they are also quite fast . 
  i remember i was sitting in the living room and saw one of them running around , i was terrified , but the cat took care of it . 
  allegedly they used the city of scheveningen as a shibboleth during ww2 . 
  a german would start with ` sh ' while a dutch person would say 's - ggggrrchhhhhh ' . 
  is that a symbol for lynching black people or something ? 
  but they did n't really elected just a new monarch , right ? 
  they elected a new dynasty , after which is just became a monarchy again . 
  well , i can sort of understand luxembourgish , but that 's probably mostly because i had german in school . 
  i ca n't understand it that well , but i can sort of follow a news bulletin in luxembourgish and know what 's it about . 
  but having an informal conversation is probably not possible . 
  i 've been to luxembourg once , but i was a little kid , so i do n't remember much . 
  to me luxembourgish sounds like ` strange german ' . 
  my german is n't great either : i do n't need subtitles for a speech by angela merkel for example , but when a bunch of people are speaking informally ( and quickly ) i have difficulty following it .
