  some of the other homeless people may be trying to stop drinking . 
  they may either encourage them , or become violent towards the other homeless when drunk . 
  but i think we have relatively few homeless people . 
  unemployed people can get unemployment benefits , and receive a reduction on their rent and health insurance from the government . 
  there are also food banks where poor people can get food for free , and people can donate clothing . 
  i do n't want to generalise too much , but many of the beggars you 'll see here are from illegal ` professional ' beggar gangs from eastern europe . 
  apparently they make more money begging here than by working in their own countries . 
  the general advice is to not give money to them . 
  i remember one guy approaching me , saying he needed money to buy food . 
  i did n't want to give him money , but i had food with me . 
  he did n't want the food , so he probably was n't that hungry . 
  i second in bruges , it 's a great movie . 
  it 's a comedy , but it does have a darker edge : it 's about a bunch of irish ( catholic ) criminals from london who are hiding in bruges ( belgium ) . 
  it has a bit of a philosophical streak as well , and it references purgatory : the roman catholic idea that good people go to heaven immediately when they die , bad people go to hell , but the average person has to atone for their sins in purgatory before being admitted to heaven . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/purgatory notice how the main character does n't like being in bruges . 
  it 's a great movie , i 'm actually surprised it 's not more famous . 
  it 's a british movie btw ( i think ) , in english , but it takes place in belgium . 
  ah , ok  i thought you meant something like this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protestant_ethic_and_the_spirit_of_capitalism max weber argues that protestant/calvinist values were an important part in the creation of capitalism . 
  it may hold some truth , as today some of the wealthiest countries are in northern europe , the mainly protestant countries . 
  in the netherlands we have the cda ( christian democrats ) and two smaller , more conservative parties : cu ( christian union ) and sgp ( reformed party ) . 
  now the cda has mainstream protestants ( calvinist/lutheran ) and catholics . 
  the other parties are mainly for more conservative protestant denominations . 
  there are a ton of different types of protestantism , while catholicism is fairly united . 
  now i see you might mean the great schism between roman catholicism and orthodoxy , but in the netherlands there are very few orthodox christians ( aside from people of foreign origin ) , so here is ' t mostly the schism between catholics and protestants . 
  but it 's not a major thing anymore , most people do not care about religion . 
  it 's considered a personal matter , and relatively few people actually believe in god ( i think it 's somewhere around 25 % ) . 
  a city where you can see many different europeans ( and others ) is probably brussels . 
  it is the seat of the nato hq , and the ` capital ' of europe . 
  and on the edge of the french/dutch language border . 
  and yes , i consider russia european . 
  what 's wrong with toilet paper ? 
  i think that in colder climates people really do not want to wash with water all the time , it 's cold enough already . 
  and toilet paper is probably faster , because you know , w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk w\u00f6rk . 
  we have cycling lanes that are next to the lanes for pedestrians . 
  do n't stumble on the cycling lanes when walking about . 
  ditch religion . 
  ditch the fake socialism . 
  make money . 
  found a mixed economy welfare state , such as in the scandinavian/nordic countries , or the rhineland model from germany/the netherlands . 
  ` now we know that the storm is indeed nigh ! ', 
  i wondered about cow politics . 
  is this about cows and their relation to hinduism ? 
  i always wondered how people who hold cows dear , look at people who eat beef . 
  here cows are mostly seen as food . 
  i ca n't really see how someone for whom cows have religious significance can accept that their neighbours eat them . 
  are there places where it is illegal to butcher them , or sell their meat ? 
  and i did not know that gandalf was popular in india . 
  as gandalf said to faramir , ` east i go not ' . 
  what do you mean with ` efficient ' religions ? 
  today : for being essentially an authoritarian near-dictatorship , and invading ukraine . 
  that 's what the sanctions are for . 
  and of course the cold war . 
  the west versus the soviets . 
  nato was founded to prevent a soviet invasion . 
  and for central/eastern europeans : their countries were forced to be communist , and are a lot poorer than the west , even today . 
  there was certainly some love for stalin after ww2 , especially among the left , but that faded after we heard about the gulags and all the other horrors of the soviet union . 
  you 'll probably get a more strongly worded answer from someone from the baltic states , or poland . 
  these countries have been at war or occupied by russia in some way for centuries . 
  same for finland . 
  here is an interesting bit of the history poland : being occupied and your lands given to different occupying powers , multiple times . 
  after their gloy days , poland was continually being cut up between russia , german/prussia , and the austrian empire . 
  most famously the molotov-ribbentrop pact . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/partitions_of_poland today , many nato countries want to increase military spending now that russia is asserting itself more . 
  as they say , `` may we live in interesting times '' . 
  they essentially live in parrallel societies , often in camps , sometimes moving camps , similar to travellers . 
  they often do n't care about education , and have a reputation for crime and shady businesses . 
  i do n't think anyone really associates them with india though , not these days . 
  i feel the same way . 
  luckily snow is extremely rare here , but i hate it when it snows . 
  especially as i usually wear casual clothes and sandals , i do n't like to dress up for an arctic expedition just to go shopping . 
  there is usually a west wind from the atlantic , which is relatively warm . 
  altitude is also very important : coastal areas are usually low-lands , and the mountains are a lot colder . 
  it 's also why the netherlands and denmark have no snow , they are mostly at sea level . 
  it rarely snows here , and if it does it generally melts the next day , or sometimes even when it hits the ground . 
  i remember we had a heatwave last summer but we had one night of hailstones for some reason . 
  i guess the air far up is really cold , with a very hot layer of air below it , which causes massive rain/hail/thunder . 
  we had one night where it snowed about a week ago , but it melted the next day . 
  aside from the temperate atlantic , altitude is also really important . 
  most people live near the coast and in low-lying bits , not somewhere up a mountain far inland . 
  but never conquered them so completely !, 
  bulgaria is far from the warm atlantic . 
  in denmark ( and parts of the british isles , the netherlands , northern germany and so on ) there is usually a warm west wind . 
  and denmark is pretty much completely flat and only slightly above sea level . 
  elevation plays a large role in temperature . 
  it 's the same in the netherlands : lowlands with ( usually ) a temperate west wind . 
  snow is very rare , despite being on the same latitude as bits of canada . 
  whenever there is significant snow , public transport grinds to a halt , and people get stuck on the highways . 
  and you beat the ottomans . 
  snow is pretty rare here . 
  probably because it is a low-lying country next to the ocean , with a very temperate climate . 
  i also like some aspects of both parties , but then i like aspects of many parties . 
  it 's just that d66 and pvv do n't mix , they are more or less each other 's strongest opponents . 
  d66 is strongly pro-eu and condemns everything the pvv says about islam , and vice versa . 
  geert wilders ( pvv ) even said he is being prosecuted by `` d66-judges '' for his remarks on how he wants fewer moroccans . 
  i also feel that immigration should be very selective , only invite in the people you want : people with a decent skillset , and with values that are in line with the local values . 
  the liberal social values you mention are pretty much absent in countries with an islamic majority , or really any countries other than western countries . 
  but d66 and the pvv are completely opposed on issues of immigration , integration , minorities , the eu , and of course islam . 
  they are probably the least likely parties ever to work together . 
  when i was growing up , i was lucky if the indoors temperature exceeded 14c . 
  my parents liked to open all the doors to let in `` clean air '' .
