  i do n't think either of those is theirs to give . 
  still , a new empire would make us stronk again . 
  i do n't think there are many catholics in estonia . 
  and if the people with hiv are largely ethnic russians , maybe even fewer . 
  i really do n't understand why people do this . 
  either you believe in the religion or you do n't . 
  if you disagree with the teachings of the religion for no reason , why are you still in it ? 
  but most immigrants just went there for work ( money ) , not because they cared about the local culture . 
  they basically want to live exactly the way they did back home but with more money . 
  imagine the intelligence and knowledge of the average person . 
  half the people are below that . 
  it 's probably safe to assume that 20 % of people are complete idiots . 
  and it is concerning . 
  i think this problem has taken so long because it is an economic problem that is approached with political solutions . 
  if they were willing to forgive a lot more debt so greece actually has a future things could work out . 
  but i think politicians in for example the netherlands and germany are afraid it will make the eu even more unpopular if they send money to greece . 
  they ca n't sell it to their own people that money is sent to greece while there is austerity in the netherlands and germany . 
  perhaps the powers that be fear the exits of the netherlands or germany more than they fear the exit of greece . 
  this is the explanation i made in my head but it 's not a good one because i really ca n't see that either side ( eurogroup vs tsipras ) really has a plan . 
  it almost looks as if they are just making it up as they go along . 
  i 'm sure that if all the politicians just sent a group of economists to draw up a deal , the problem would be solved quickly as it is more a political problem than an economic one . 
  an axe age , a sword age shields are riven ( or something like that , it 's from the edda and it 's about the end of the world ), 
  the real franks live in the netherlands and flanders ( the language is from old frankish , unlike french ) . 
  would n't this work : you reform the labour market so it 's really easy to hire and fire people . 
  the older people who still have steady jobs will either get their wages reduced or get fired and they are able to hire money people for the same money . 
  in the netherlands the mainly older people are very hard to fire and very expensive , while young people often just get temporary jobs where they get kicked out at the point they would have to offer a steady contract . 
  we should reclaim the frankish name from france ( they no longer speak the language anyway ) and call it frankland . 
  or perhaps little germany . 
  or west germany , as that name is no longer in use . 
  or northsealand . 
  or we could claim some variety of duitsland . 
  why let the germans claim that one ? 
  maybe in his opinion ni is occupied by england or something ? 
  or maybe he was just an idiot . 
  they are everywhere . 
  saxons exist , even in the netherlands . 
  there is a low saxon dialect continuum from the eastern part of the netherlands and all over most of northern germany . 
  i 'd say as long as people still speak a saxon language they exist . 
  that is sort of what happened . 
  nederland is the name , plural nederlanden . 
  neerland is a somewhat archaic or sloppy version . 
  the pays bas varieties are actual translations of the meaning of the words ( lowlands ) . 
  the flags of argentina and chile are used on / r/topgear for the upvote and downvote buttons . 
  argentina is the downvote button . 
  check out the shape . 
  it is vaguely england-shaped ( england without wales and scotland attached that is ) . 
  now i feel sad we only have one brabant province . 
  i think that is one of the reasons it was so easy for me to understand . 
  she uses short sentences with very simple language . 
  it 's almost as if she is talking to children . 
  i could understand her , she was n't harder to understand than the average german to me . 
  she says `` wors '' instead of `` wurst '' with just about every piece of meat she takes out of the fridge . 
  many dutch people do that too btw , i think that is how languages get `` lazier '' and shorten the words over time . 
  she is right that leberwurst has a lot of vitamins , the vitamin a level for liver is off the charts . 
  still , i hope the kids get a more varied diet than that . 
  she says there is no sugar in bread but obviously there are lots of carbohydrates which are similar . 
  i do n't really speak german but i can understand most of it as it is so similar to dutch , and everyone gets a little bit of instruction in german at school . 
  yes , we are the little germans or the swamp germans . 
  the only difference between our countries is that we spell it * braadworst * . 
  there is a complete roman temple from egypt that was transported to the netherlands and is sitting in a museum here . 
  would be more difficult with the pyramids since they are so huge . 
  the french are going to write in german from now on ? 
  perhaps people in poland place more importance on the eu than some of the other countries . 
  i think the average person in the netherlands would be fine with greece leaving , or the netherlands leaving . 
  quite a few parties in northern europe ran on a platform of `` no more money to greece '' so they are n't happy either . 
  our current pm is one of those . 
  the netherlands has been at war with them for 80 years . 
  too soon . 
  marea britanie , does that mean it is in the sea ? 
  british isles or something ? 
  nice to see people are so positive of olandia , better not tell them some people often get butthurt when `` holland '' or any derivation is used . 
  it 's the only real saxony , the others are named after the saxons who never lived there , right ? 
  yes , that is what i was trying to say . 
  the germans shun their crazies . 
  i 've seen a small nazi rally in the netherlands which was joined by germans , because they ca n't fly their colours in germany ( they banned nazi flags and stuff ) . 
  no , but they hate everyone who is not russian so ca n't blame the germans for that . 
  the germans have these people too , they call them nazis and want nothing to do with them . 
  yeah , that pacifist crap bothers me . 
  both countries need to stop whining and nuke up . 
  the japanese have some stupid sense of national pride that prevents them from doing real apologies , despite their culture . 
  i think you can extend that to much of northern europe . 
  a night out is n't a night out unless something goes horribly wrong . 
  `` we all got shitfaced and we puked in our neighbours garden '' `` we got wasted and we torched a garbage bin , and we spent the night in jail '' basically , if it could have the caption `` that escalated quickly '' it was a good night out . 
  several of my older family members have been in camps . 
  i think part of forgiving germany for dutch people is that they are similar people , similar language and similar values . 
  according to polandball we are the swamp germans and that 's not too far from the truth . 
  many of the older people spoke german . 
  all of my grandparents spoke german and despite suffering quite a bit they knew it was n't `` the germans '' but the nazis who caused this mess . 
  there were also a lot of collaborators in the netherlands , perhaps because of the same perceived similarities between the germans and the swamp germans . 
  i also spoke with people who 've been interred in the japanese death camps and they are not forgiving at all . 
  some of these people refused to buy japanese products for the rest of their lives . 
  but you are the mountain germans , like we are the swamp germans . 
  we are assumed to like germany . 
  i 'm not sure forgiveness is the right word , but the realisation that modern germans are n't nazis . 
  there is still a lot of hate towards nazis , and rightfully so . 
  there are lots of small memorials in and around my hometown where the nazis executed ethnic dutch people . 
  i know someone who was in a pow camp for nearly 5 years and almost starved to death , but still did n't hate the germans as a people . 
  it was n't just the germans though , many people in indonesia suffered under the japanese empire . 
  i prefer britainland . 
  * verenigd koninkrijk * is such a boring name .
