  the wadden sea is a unesco heritage site : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/wadden_sea it is a shallow sea and since the tides of the north sea are very strong , you can walk on the bottom of the sea on a low tide : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mudflat_hiking you can even reach some of the islands from the mainland on a low tide . 
  only do this with a professional guide , because when the high tide comes it will wash you out to the sea . 
  i think the frisian islands/waddenzee is one of the few places where you can do this . 
  humans often live near rivers or floodplains , and that seems to have been the case here as well . 
  the north sea between britain and the european mainland was once a river delta / flood plains where people lived , some 10,000 years ago . 
  there was an interesting episode about it by time team , called ` britain 's drowned world ' , which is about the bit between britain and the netherlands in ancient times : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4p9wqj6qx2i it is about ` doggerland ' , named after the dogger bank off of the coast of england . 
  marx was n't russian . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  why is the us paying for the military defense of europe ? 
  trump is an arse but he is right on this point , let the europeans get their shit together and take care of their own defense . 
  it is perfectly feasible as russia is not the threat that the soviet union used to be . 
  i recognise so many of these just from dutch . 
  worst !, 
  bischop !, 
  i recognise the majority of them . 
  i think you perhaps made a mistake with ` arst ' for doctor , as it is spelled ` arts ' . 
  or perhaps the spelling changed ? 
  because ` aars ' here means arse , and what you typed there sounds very similar to it , 
  there was a very interesting thread about german dialects a while ago : https://www.reddit.com/r/askeurope/comments/4d216v/guten_tag_deutsch_freunde_im_curious_about_your/ basically the german language is a dialect continuum ( connected to dutch and luxembourgish ) and standard german is the standardised form . 
  i had german in school and i can sort of understand standard german which is used in the media and by politicians , but when i heard a sample of someone speaking swiss german i could understand very little . 
  here is an interesting map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:continental_west_germanic_languages.png now in these kind of maps , dialects and regional languages are always overrepresented . 
  i live near the number 5 on that map , just a bit west of it , and in the city most people speak standard dutch ( i do as well ) . 
  but in the surrounding areas many people speak low saxon . 
  also in the whole german-speaking area , people generally speak both their own dialect ( if any ) but also speak standard german , sometimes ( archaicly ) referred to as hochdeutsch , or high german . 
  the frisian indepence movement is really , really small . 
  but if they want to secede i think they should be allowed to do that . 
  one of the causes of ww1 is considered the killing of franz ferdinand by the serbian nationalist gavriel princip . 
  that the different nations within the austrian empire wanted their own state is nationalism . 
  there was also arab nationalism in the ottoman empire at the time . 
  and i think you could argue that nazism is an extreme ( and evil ) form of nationalism as well , as it was strongly centered on the concept of one german people . 
  there was a clear goal to unite the german people under one nation . 
  now i am not against nationalism at all , i believe that if a people want their own state they should have it . 
  the kurds for example , i think they are the largest nation without their own state . 
  there are quite a few muslims in the balkans , which used to be part of the ottoman empire . 
  eastern europe without alcoholism ? 
  does not compute . 
  that is true , although some countries are quite easy with it . 
  i 've heard italy is one of those . 
  aside from the work visa , you could see if you have any european ancestry from a eu/schengen country . 
  that will allow you to live and work in the schengen area . 
  also , for the netherlands there is the daft treaty which allows us citizens to work as a freelancer in the netherlands . 
  and i 've seen in bruges as well , incredible movie . 
  it is hilarious and somehow also quite dark . 
  make sure to watch the movie in bruges before going to bruges . 
  it is hilarious . 
  they are probably more euroskeptic than many other countries , but i do n't think there is actually a majority for a brexit . 
  the vote went that way , because many young people ( pro-eu ) did n't bother to vote . 
  and there is always the tendency of referendums to vote against whatever the eu wants , just to give the finger to the eu , or to vote against what the current government wants because ruling governments are often disliked . 
  from the news i got the impression was a bit of an ` ooops ' feeling after the brexit vote , a feeling of ` what have we done ? ' . 
  oh , there have also been times when politicians take credit for good things they do , but blame any unpopular policies on the eu . 
  and since most people do n't know a lot about how the eu works there are many false rumours . 
  there is even a word for it : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/euromyth in my opinion there is legitimate criticism of europe , but there is also a bunch of rumours and nonsense . 
  edit : it seems i am wrong about the british regretting the outcome . 
  belgium does n't have a clean history . 
  their king ruled over belgian congo , which is a horror story on its own . 
  i am dutch myself , and the netherlands also does n't have a nice historical record . 
  they had the west india company that used african slaves , and they had the east india company that used forced labour in the east , especially in indonesia , where people were forced to grow cash-crops instead of the food they ate , causing massive starvation in indonesia . 
  today people in the netherlands are fairly chill , but there have been some pretty messed up events in history . 
  i have heard a more heroic version of the story , that the german soldiers had to flee so fast they stole bicycles to get away from the advancing allies . 
  but yes , one of the primary germany jokes here is to ask to get your grandfather 's bicycle returned . 
  those last two jokes are very similar to jokes in the netherlands , except they are mostly aimed at the turkish , moroccan and antillian minorities . 
  ` who invented the triathlon ? 
  [ insert minority ] , because they went to the pool on foot and went home by bicycle . ', 
  of course bicycle theft is an issue here . 
  you forgot sausages . 
  i feel a lot of the americas and australia are cultural europeans , they are in a large part just transplanted europeans anyway . 
  and yes , i feel russia is certainly culturally european . 
  and of course in brussels the police was a joke . 
  they have something like six different police departments in that city and communication between them is almost non-existent . 
  i think a large part of the difference is in how effective the authorities are in rounding up terrorists before they act . 
  tell me about it . 
  during winter , if school starts at 0800 and ends at 1600 it will be dark when i went to school , and it will be dark again when i went home . 
  the bits of the netherlands outside of amsterdam . 
  it seems that many tourists stick to mostly just amsterdam . 
  i 'm not saying people should not visit amsterdam ( though it is crowded with tourists , expats and in-country tourists ) , but the country is small enough that is ' t not hard to visit other places . 
  and there are pot stores in most cities , not just amsterdam . 
  now , there are some unique things to see in the netherlands . 
  the city of leiden is a city with a lot of historical architecture , canals and some very interesting museams : naturalis , which has prehistorical animals such as a mammoth skeleton , there is the rijksmuseum van oudheden , which has a genuine egpytian temple and generally a lote about ancient egyptians and romans and such , but also medieval stuff . 
  https://www.paleishetloo.nl/en/gardens/ this is in the somewhat eastern bit of the country , a palace turned into a museum with impressive gardens , and it has art/historical exhibitions . 
  near to a national park and another museum , the kr\u00f6ller-muller . 
  and a forest surrounded by heath . 
  there are still people with gas ovens . 
  i used to have one myself ( do n't recommend it , those things are dangerous ) . 
  scots is a language if you define it by mutual intelligibility . 
  i do n't think the average english speaker will understand more than half of what this guy is saying : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zkcdzr9wyuy, 
  it switched automatically , the only thing you had to worry about was your cash . 
  i still have a 25 guilder note somewhere and a few coins . 
  forgot to turn them in . 
  neither . 
  on the other hand , if you speak with non-native accent is shows that you also know another language !, 
  the big lebowski . 
  the bums will always lose !, 
  you hear me lebowski ? 
  the bums will always lose !, 
  ' * fewer * places ' i think the pot stores that are not allowed to sell to tourists are mostly in the border regions , near germany or belgium . 
  most pot stores in the rest of the country do n't care who you are . 
  the locals there were supposedly bothered by people hopping over the border to buy weed . 
  anyway , the other drugs are still illegal here , it 's just cannabis that is sort of ok . 
  they created wildlife crossings , called ecoduct , to help animals travel between the sparse areas suitable for wildlife : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/ecoduct the article is in dutch but has decent pictures . 
  you do realise it 's a normal boar that just happened to be at the beach , right ?
