  and language changes . 
  if people stop using the ` official ' form , then that official form needs an update . 
  i think french is one of those languages that only very rarely has spelling and grammar updates . 
  there are so many unpronounced letters , just like english . 
  dutch and german are far more phonetic because of the spelling and grammar updates every few decades . 
  dutch had an update in 1996 and in 2006 , so i 'm two updates behind with the spelling i learned in primary school . 
  i know i sound a bit sour , but i really do n't like the way france has dealt with language . 
  ever since napoleon they have tried to destroy regional languages and dialects in favour of the french of \u00cele de france . 
  this exactly . 
  this is something i only learned a while ago . 
  schools are pushing the ` correct ' form of languages ( or the ` official ' one ) so hard , that people completely miss this . 
  and also many people believe regional languages or dialects are ` wrong ' because of this , or that people who speak with another accent than people in the major cities are stupid or uneducated . 
  hottentottententententoonstellingstoegangspasautomaat !, 
  dutch/afrikaans do it too , most germanic languages do . 
  theoretically there is no limit on word length if you can come up with enough words to stick together . 
  english is a bit of an exception here . 
  the word ` hottentottententententoonstelling ' is a common example of a word that is n't really used but still has a meaning , and is used as a funny way of getting a long word . 
  ` hottentotten ' are an ethnic group ( in south africa ? 
  ) , ` tenten ' are tents , and ` tentoonstelling ' means exhibition , so it means ` exhibition of hottentot tents ' . 
  people then add things to make it longer , i added ` toegangspasautomaat ' which means ` entry ticket machine ' . 
  afrikaans would be even easier , as it is dutch with very simplified grammar . 
  frisian is the supposedly the closest relative of english ( except for scots and english creoles ) ` genetically ' , but it has a lot of influence from dutch . 
  i imagine the low saxon languages would also be fairly easy . 
  the only thing making it hard is lack of resources compared to languages such as german . 
  hottentottententententoonstellingstoegangspasautomaat !, 
  in linguistics , when pretty much everyone stops using a certain form and starts using the ` wrong ' form , that is just evolution of language . 
  if the ` official ' version of the language still has it , it needs an update . 
  ` fokken ' means to breed , and is a cognate to that similar word in english , fucking . 
  another interesting one : ` ficken ' in german also means to fuck , but ` fikken ' in dutch means to burn . 
  has lead to funny misunderstandings in the past . 
  interesting that you say that , because it seems it 's also the other way around . 
  since the 50s or 60s lots of dutch people migrated to australia and new zealand . 
  people believed the netherlands was too full with just 10 million people or so , so people went to aus/nz and places such as canada to look for farmland and such . 
  just to note , there are n't really many dirty sounding names , at least not for dutch listeners . 
  names such as dick and cock do n't have the penis connotation at all in dutch . 
  the only weird one i can think of is naaktgeboren ( naked-born ) , and that is just a misunderstanding because it is a german name ( nachgeboren ) , and it means after-born . 
  someone born after the father died , so a similar name to postumus . 
  he is famous for his novel max havelaar , which is a great book in my opinion , it has a lot funny bits , and turns more and more into a political statement about how awful the dutch occupation of indonesia was . 
  also not true , surnames existed well before that . 
  and names such as naaktgeboren do n't mean what people think they mean : it is german origin , nachgeboren , and it means posthumous , children born after their father died . 
  it also means cockroach . 
  not sure about the etymology , but ` kakken ' means to shit . 
  oh yes , `` het zal me worst wezen '' is an old expression and i do n't think it really has the penis connotation . 
  it is something my parents and grandparents would also use . 
  and what you can say on television is n't really a good standard here , as things are generally not censored at all , and you can regularly hear swear words on tv . 
  even on the 8 o ' clock news they say swear words if it is relevant ( or show naked people , for example with naked protesters and such ) . 
  ` lul ' is also something good friends call each other sometimes , in the same manner australians call their friends cunt . 
  and ` kut ' is our word for cunt . 
  if directed at a person it is somewhat offensive , but just saying ` kut ' is really common . 
  some of the worst swear words are diseases , such as cancer ( ` kanker ' ) . 
  there is a politician named tiny cox as well . 
  `` je kunt '' ( pronounced ` ye ' ) . 
  that is the informal version . 
  the je/u is the t-v distinction . 
  and `` u kunt '' only really works when written , because the ` u ' is pronounced more like german ' \u00fc ' and not like you . 
  there is someone in the netherlands named tiny cox , imagine what you can do with all that . 
  there are also many cycling lanes that are made of black asphalt . 
  why would you use the horror that is public transport when you are on holiday ? 
  native speakers do n't really need to learn the rules , they naturally know what sounds right and what does n't . 
  german speakers for example know the gender of words , while foreigners need to learn them ( and of course get them wrong all the time ) . 
  that is the real difference between learning a language informally as an infant , and learning a language actively as anyone who is older then 10 years old or so . 
  other things you may not realise : you also automatically conjugate irregular verbs such as ` to be ' correctly , while foreigners have to memorise all the irregular verbs . 
  the same with irregular plurals , of which english has a bunch as well ( sheep , children , geese , women ) . 
  in the netherlands , what do you think ? 
  you can reach nearly any place within the country in 3-4 hours or so . 
  i lived an hour 's drive away from my parents , which was nearly 2 hours with public transport . 
  people who really want to get away from their parents go to another country . 
  in the netherlands fries with mayonaise ( or ` fritessaus ' , a form low-fat mayonaisse , because it is cheaper to produce ) is pretty much the default dish from chip shops . 
  another popular one is ` patatje speciaal ' , which is fries with mayonaise , curry-ketchip and raw onions : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:patat_speciaal_leidschendam.jpg another popular one is ` patatje oorlog ' , which is fries with both mayonaise and peanut sauce . 
  the thing next to it is a ` kroket ' / croquette , which is a beef ragout that is covered in bread crumbs and deep-fried . 
  it vaguely looks like a kind of sausage but it 's just soft ragout on the inside . 
  here is one cut open : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:dsc_0082_broodje_kroket_chiang_mai_2009_0629.jpg, 
  general melchett !, 
  it might just be possible for ukraine to join in the far future , but today they are a corrupt and desperately poor shithole with a civil war going and a border conflict with russia . 
  there is no way they 'll join unless those issues are resolved . 
  and the netherlands had a referendum last year and people voted against the association treaty between the eu and ukraine , so i think it 'll be a long time before people would accept membership . 
  but that wo n't be as impressive if it is some random yokel . 
  having some true royals opens doors internationally because people want to be seen with them . 
  i wonder what it should be called in the netherlands then . 
  the monarch used to be consulted/informed when a new government was in the process of being informed . 
  the leader of every party would visit and counsel the monarch on how they feel the process of forming a coalition would need to go in their opinion . 
  the monarch then appoints someone , usually some senior political figure or former politician . 
  a few years ago that was changed , and the monarch now has no power at all . 
  but there is still the thing that the authority of the constitution and laws stem from the position of the monarch . 
  without a monarch they would need to rewrite the whole to derive its authority from the people or something . 
  here even some kid 's shows are subbed . 
  i remember watching a lot of cartoons with subtitles as a kid . 
  german is fairly close to dutch and i had german in school , so i have the same problem . 
  the original seems funnier than the parodies . 
  what wilderness ? 
   the country is small and densely populated , so you would never be more than an hour 's walk from civilisation , usually far less than that . 
  and you are generally not allowed to set up camp in the ` wilderness ' , but you need to camp at official campsites . 
  you wo n't get fined , but if a forester or a policeman sees you they will tell you to fuck off to an official campsite . 
  this is also the case in some other european countries , i remember sleeping in an rv in a half-empty parking lot in france , and the police woke us up in the middle of the night and told us to get lost . 
  they directed us to an official campsite where we had to wake up the grumpy owner and pay him for whatever was left of the night . 
  that picture posted about campsites in hungary is pretty similar to how it is here , and how the campsites i 've been to in france were . 
  if you want to hiking to get away from civilisation and go into real wilderness , you wo n't find it in the netherlands . 
  the forest next to my hometown of apeldoorn has paths in it , it is not ` true ' wilderness . 
  there are even remnants of ww2 bunkers in it . 
  however , the netherlands is pretty nice for cycling .
