  there is a difference , but it 's not that great . 
  there may be secular people in ksa but it 's not a secular country at all . 
  maybe it 's because i live in a secular bubble here but they are not even close to being civilised with their public beheadings . 
  culture does n't change overnight but supporting a theocratic dictatorship is n't going to speed up that process either . 
  the middle-east is being torn apart by religious fanatics and the governments of those places are n't helping . 
  the people over there need to make a choice between religion and secular government , otherwise they 'll just reinforce that line from lawrence of arabia : `` a little people , a silly people '' . 
  they can either get with the times or sink their countries into savagery for the next few generations . 
  well , if the current elite is feeding them religious crap of course they are going to be fanatics . 
  that is why they need a secular dictator instead of this alliance between the royals and the clergy . 
  why does the west support an ideology that hates them ? 
  i would also not visit ksa btw , it sounds like a shithole , especially for women . 
  isis is more lawless but the basic ideology is the same , religious nuttery . 
  yeah , one of them are medieval barbarians that managed to suck up to the west and the others are just medieval barbarians . 
  appararently it 's awful to implement religious laws and behead people and that warrants complete destruction , but it 's ok if ksa does it . 
  why would n't it be possible ? 
  russia managed fine in crimea despite having to ship or fly people in . 
  and i do n't think they are planning to invade poland but the people in poland seem to really not like the recent developments . 
  yes . 
  russia borders poland with their kaliningrad oblast . 
  unlike with crimea , they actually have a land border . 
  whether the leaders actually believe their nonsense is n't really relevent , they are still beheading people . 
  the country is barbaric . 
  if the population are fundies they need a secular dictator to keep some semblance of sanity in the country . 
  human rights should n't just stop at the border . 
  does it really matter ? 
  there is n't much difference between ksa and isis , both are backwards fanatics . 
  i would n't want to rely on the eu for defense . 
  the eu never agree on anything , but i have faith that nato will answer any call if a member is invaded . 
  if they do n't the alliance dies that day . 
  there are even quick response forces that will respond to an invasion without the heads of government having to get together for a meeting . 
  nato will have responded before the eu countries can agree on setting a date for discussing an invasion . 
  on matters of defense the eu is quite irrelevant . 
  if countries such as ukraine and georgie were members of nato , russia would n't have sent people across the border . 
  in my opinion the west should either shut up about ukraine , or stop stalling and actually do something : have the ukrainian government ask nato forces to help them keep control of their sovereign territory . 
  nato forces would wipe the floor with the russian forces in eastern ukraine and crimea . 
  but these sanctions are just stupid , they give the message that `` we disagree , but we are too lazy to do anything about it . '', 
  so it 's sanctions till the end of time ? 
  because crimea is n't coming back any time soon . 
  if anyone wants crimea back , they should invade the place because whatever they are doing now is n't working . 
  how so ? 
  most of them are in nato so there is no way russia is going to mess with them . 
  there is a reason that russia is n't invading poland or the baltics and that reason is nato . 
  i think 50 just for some trousers is a lot , that 's nearly 10 times what they cost at lidl . 
  they could pay those workers more than double ( raise their pay from 23p to 50p and no one would care about the additional 27p ) . 
  not sure why trousers should cost 50 . 
  i think they knew they would never get a majority on their own , and that probably no one would want to form a coalition with them , so they were probably expecting end up as part of the opposition . 
  but that is still representation . 
  same with the right wing in the netherlands , the pvv is unlikely to become part of a governing coalition anywhere . 
  perhaps because it is in former commie territory ? 
  that would be my guess , those people are not voting for it as a protest vote but because they really are far to the left . 
  yes , that is a very bad argument for abortions . 
  we also do n't legalise theft just because we ca n't catch every criminal and they 'll do it where we ca n't see . 
  for me the main argument for abortion is the autonomy of the mother 's body . 
  so pretty much the same reason i am against circumcision on children . 
  if it was up to me , yes , even though i think circumcision is worse . 
  ah , i do n't mind the minarets either , it 's none of my business what their building looks like . 
  when he is an adult , which is 18 in most places . 
  should female genital mutilation then be legal as well ? 
  religious freedom does n't mean you can break the law . 
  if there was a law against circumcision , religion does n't give you permission to break it , just like you ca n't break other laws and use religion as an excuse . 
  we do n't accept people using the old testament to force others to adhere to the sabbath for example . 
  if the parents receive huge fines or jailtime the practice will stop after a while . 
  you could use exactly the same argument to cover up other kinds of child abuse , that it will go underground . 
  the cheapest bottles of wine around here are 2,50 to 3 euro or so , but you would n't take a super cheap bottle if you are visiting someone . 
  if it 's a nice bottle , i suppose it 's fine . 
  in the netherlands people often give wine but unless you are a poor student you do n't show up with a 3 euro bottle . 
  the cheapest crates of beer here are around 5 euro , most are more expensive though . 
  i 'm actually drink cheap beer right now . 
  it 's weekend after all , ca n't be sober . 
  i love how brits often say ` europe ' to mean just the continent  spar is n't actually that common in the netherlands . 
  i just looked at the wikipedia and they have a huge amount of stores in the uk ( there is a list lower in the article ) . 
  the difference is huge . 
  https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/spar_ ( supermarkt ), 
  i felt it was more taking a shot at the swedish language . 
  that is about the price of cheap beer in the netherlands . 
  switzerland , norway . 
  time does n't speed up by talking to strangers . 
  spar is the dutch word for the tree in their logo . 
  wijn just means wine , and brandewijn more or less means ` burned wine ' . 
  there is a brandywine river and a brandywine bridge in the lord of the rings , 
  i doubt they have words for that . 
  the other parties must have really shitty leaders if you can fuck up this badly and still be popular . 
  are you implying there is footage of him sober ? 
  so , christians or socialists ? 
  bleh , i 'd rather not vote if those were the options . 
  but cities such as amsterdam and london have their own set of circumstances ( and a completely fucked up housing market ) . 
  why does n't minimum wage get a raise ? 
  should n't that be tied to inflation to be useful ? 
  as long as the population is somewhat evenly distributed in the country it wo n't be a problem . 
  just less room for real nature areas . 
  yeah , they should have figured out the distribution first before making this shitty deal with turkey . 
  they do n't really need one as the refugees do n't want to stay in hungary anyway . 
  for them they just need to fence them out and hope they find another way to germany or wherever . 
  what does it solve ? 
  refugees are exchanged on a 1:1 ratio . 
  it does n't lead to fewer refugees at all . 
  if hungary does n't want any refugees , they are better off blocking this deal . 
  it solves the problem from their pov at least . 
  it means that the woman still has the choice even if the man does n't want to be a father : abort , or raise the child on her own ( or with another guy ) . 
  the mother still has the choice on whether to abort .
