  i remember a while ago there were dozens of dead sheep in a field : they huddled together in the thunderstorm , and were hit by lightning ( and four-legged animals have a smaller chance of survival than us humans : their heart is sort of between their front legs and their hind legs ) . 
  german had a few sound shifts that the other germanic languages did n't have . 
  german is very similar and even has some mutual intelligibility with dutch , but the pronunciation is very different . 
  the languages are very similar and on a dialect continuum of which dutch and german are the standardised version . 
  many dialects are somewhere in between ( limburgish , dutch and german low saxon varieties , etc ) . 
  that 's true , although you could easily live in the netherlands without speaking english . 
  if you do n't go to university and your job does n't require it , just dutch is enough . 
  many academic study materials are n't translated to dutch . 
  i think one of the main reasons english proficiency is high in the netherlands and the nordic countries is because they do n't dub movies and tv shows , so we hear english on a daily basis . 
  the problem is that people will generally switch to english if their english better than your french/german/russian . 
  which is a problem for native english speakers wanting to learn another language , as they get fewer chances to practice , and it 's not encouraging either . 
  oh , i had n't even thought of whore . 
  the pronunciation is quite different though in dutch : hoer versus hoor . 
  make sure to pick the correct one , 
  i agree that anything ` official ' is probably bullshit when it comes to linguistics and language , but some governments have organisations that set * a * standard . 
  the netherlands and belgium together have the taalunie . 
  the french also have something similar . 
  and btw , someone had the authority to set in stone the current english spelling . 
  even at least two varieties of spelling : british and american . 
  and if the government starts using a new spelling in all its dealings with the public , and teach it in schools , people will start using it . 
  of course one huge reform to make it more phonetic would be a disaster , but you could get regular smaller updates . 
  dutch had a minor reform in 1996 , and again in 2006 . 
  i do n't really know many people with dogs . 
  and i do n't think i 've seen many dogs in restaurants or stores , they are usually left outside ( or at home i guess ) . 
  i am allergic to dogs , so i would n't want to sit in a restaurant where they had dogs . 
  many people i know have cats , and it 's fairly common to see cats walking around in our appartment building . 
  there are also people with dogs , but cats are far more common in this building . 
  german is mongreled dutch !, 
  german had a bunch of sound shifts that dutch and other germanic languages did n't have . 
  we are the original , the real deal . 
  you like german but not dutch ? 
  dutch is just german , but mumbled , 
  `` hoor '' and words like `` toch '' are modal particles . 
  they do n't really mean anything , but they slightly change the tone of the sentence . 
  if you asked a native what they mean with the word they probably could n't tell you . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/modal_particle in there is a link to a wikipedia article about german modal particles , many of which are similar to dutch ( `` doch '' , `` ja '' ) . 
  my grandmother from groningen often put in `` ja '' in a sentence somewhere . 
  ( also for / u/argyrius ), 
  on the other hand , in english names can change a lot . 
  homer instead of homerus/homeros , marc anthony instead of marcus antonius , charlemagne instead of carolus magnus ( or karel de grote ) . 
  and spelling reform . 
  i 've lived through two dutch spelling reforms and survived , what is so hard about it that it has n't worked for 500 years ? 
  it is usually more of a north-south divide , but in my experience it is more of a continuum . 
  people in the twente area use a somewhat softer g than in f.e. 
  amsterdam , but not as soft as in brabant and limburg . 
  of course as an exchange student you may meet a different group of people than just dutch people from that region : many of the university students come from other parts of the country . 
  and you wo n't hear much of the local dialect at university . 
  there is a lot that sounds wrong when discussing paradox games . 
  / r/shitcrusaderkingssay / if incest , rape and murder are your thing , do n't look further . 
  go play ck2 !, 
  an important part in how cold it is ( and whether there will be snow ) is altitude . 
  the netherlands is as far north as canada , but it rarely snows because it is very low-lying , and there is a warm wind from the atlantic . 
  if you want snow , look for a place that is at high altitude , and preferably not too close to the atlantic . 
  and argyrius is right , those provinces are all in the netherlands . 
  i live in gelderland , which also borders three of the other provinces he mentioned , all in the netherlands . 
  i think he meant catholic as opposed to protestant . 
  as an example , the dutch reformed tradition started with iconoclasm : the [ beeldenstorm ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beeldenstorm ) . 
  you get the idea when you look at the pictures in the article ( some interesting art ) , calvinists attacked catholic churches and destroyed the art depicting people . 
  even today there is a difference between protestant and catholic churches in how they look . 
  that was one of the causes of the eighty years war which led to indepence of the dutch republic . 
  kingdom of bohemia also sounds nice . 
  even dutch is very weak in the area of film , and that has 23 million native speakers and three governments that support the language . 
  i do n't think esperanto is going to take off without some monumental effort by the eu , and even then people would probably still prefer media in either their native language or english . 
  the great british bakeoff has a dutch spin-off : heel holland bakt . 
  also really popular here . 
  do you live in the eu ? 
  just curious . 
  there are n't really border controls , although they sometimes check cars crossing the border , but then they sometimes also do checks inside countries . 
  i used to live near the german border , and we often went across to get cheap booze . 
  the cities there are full of dutch people trying to score cheaper booze or cigarettes , or fireworks that are illegal in the netherlands . 
  in the netherlands there is a heavy tax on empty data carriers such as empty dvd 's . 
  there is no such tax in germany . 
  there were even dutch companies where you could order german dvd 's online and they would just send them from germany , avoiding the tax . 
  apparently no one checks , or at not enough to deter people . 
  those dvd 's were 50 % cheaper , so the odds of getting caught must also be higher than 50 % to make it no longer profitable . 
  and you 'd think that if i can find an online store that sells illegal dvd 's by googling , then the police could as well ... btw , this is a funny example of part of the border between the netherlands and belgium . 
  you could cross the border by falling out off your chair :  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:baarle-nassau_fronti%c3%a8re_caf%c3%a9.jpg now this is a silly example , the towns of baarle-nassau and baarle-hertog . 
  it consists of a bunch of enclaves and exclaves , and is probably an example of the worst bordergore in the region . 
  a map : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/file:baarle-nassau_-_baarle-hertog-nl.png of course not a regular example , but many of the border regions are closely connected . 
  people working on side and living on the other , and people with relatives on both sides of the border . 
  it 's nearly impossible to keep stuff from crossing the border . 
  when you think of it , you can get cocaine in pretty much every major city in europe . 
  and they have to smuggle that stuff across the ocean . 
  the dutch name for the country is tsjechi\u00eb , which is pronounced in a similar to way to czechia , except the \u00eb is pronounced more like ` uh ' ( the schwa sound in ipa ) . 
  the word ` republic ' ( ` republiek ' ) is n't used at all . 
  i do n't think what the official name of the country is has much bearing on what it is called in other language . 
  people do n't call greece ` hellas ' in english , and they do n't call egypt ` misr ' ( ` masr ' ? 
  i do n't know arabic ) . 
  people often call the netherlands ` holland ' in other languages . 
  another one is ` fikken ' . 
  it means ` to burn ' , or to set something on fire . 
  that one always sounded funny to germans . 
  and then there are words such as ` afgefikt ', 
  does n't steuer mean taxes in german ? 
  here ` stuur ' is the same as english ` steer ' . 
  so the saying ( sarcastically ) means that the people who best know how to steer a ship are standing on the shore . 
  you forgot jrr tolkien !, 
  probably one of the most famous english authors outside of britain , and outside of the anglosphere . 
  i think that generally anything that has to do with nationalism or patriottism quickly gets uncomfortable in germany . 
  the same is true to a lesser degree in the netherlands : the nsb , the nationalist fascist party , collaborated with the nazis .
