  dutch people wear excessive amounts of hair gell , and often wear ridiculously colourful and gharish pants , or white leggings ( for women ) . 
  but the most important thing is accent , you immediately hear where someone is from . 
  green grass , green moss , green algae . 
  the whole country is either green ... or water . 
  my balcony is green : it is made of concrete , but covered with moss/algae . 
  and further down the street you can get the real green stuff , the grass , the weed , the ganja . 
  the benefits of being a swamp german : you can get stoned before you slip on the algae on your balcony or in your driveway . 
  what kind of weird map is that ? 
  `` slavic dna '' stops at the urals , but then there is some round dot beyond it ? 
  what is that dot ? 
  at least the grammar is easy , unlike finnish , which seems to be invented to keep outsiders outsiders . 
  netherland ( i prefer that to ` the netherlands ' ) is always above average . 
  until you remember that the average age is * old * , so most people wo n't look like the girl in the composite-photo . 
  except you can not pronounce the r. i notice many southern people use the french r , which is basically gggggggggchhhh . 
  how does a limburger say ` boerenworst ' ? 
  that is true , but if so , neither are the saxon dialects part of dutch , as they come from low saxon and not from frankish . 
  and i also feel that the limburgish dialect is so different from standard dutch , it is really a seperate language . 
  if i can not understand the people speaking it , then those people are speaking a different language . 
  it may come from old frankish , but it 's no longer the same . 
  it 's just that the government has the idiotic standard of a language needing an official writing system , which is not how linguists operate at all . 
  most languages did n't have a standardised writing system until a few centuries ago , does n't stop them being languages . 
  if i can understand afrikaans better than limburgish , why is afrikaans a seperate language but limburgish is n't ? 
  it 's just stupid polticians , talking about stuff they know nothing about ( what else is new ? ) . 
  btw , frisian and low saxon are genetically ( in the linguistic sense ) more closely related to english than to dutch , but they are in no way mutually intelligible with english . 
  it 's just the complex english orthograpy playing tricks on our swamp brains again . 
  there is a difference between dutch spoken in flanders , often referred to as a flemish accent , and the actual dialect of the belgian provinces of flanders ( the western bits ) . 
  i 'm dutch and i can understand the belgian news just fine , but i ca n't really understand the dialects of the far western bits . 
  a better translation is this : `` is utrecht * now * in the ` scared of vaccinations ' zone ? 
  little weird . 
  but bible belt , i get it . '', 
  utrecht is n't really part of the bible belt ( it 's one of the major cities ) , but some of the nearby towns are . 
  as the great professor clarkson said : we sent our criminals to australia , and our religious lunatics to america . 
  aka the polder-taliban . 
  since when do governments decide what the difference is between a language and a dialect ? 
  is arabic a single language , while norwegian and swedish are seperate languages ? 
  of course not . 
  dutch accents in english can come across as pretty lispey . 
  and they 're not wrong , our s is far less sharper than in many english accents . 
  they are part of the kingdom , but mount scenery is actually part of the netherlands proper . 
  it is a municipality of the dutch state since 2010 , not an independent state within the kingdom . 
  i think a large part of the high taxes are social security things , and not taxes on savings for example , or taxes on high income . 
  at least it 's an ethos , dude . 
  because you can see roads that are not shitty ? 
  i think you mean rubbing alcohol . 
  pictures wo n't work : human hormones are triggered by actual sunlight . 
  it 's the same thing with animals , cats start to grow a winter coat and gain weight not because it gets cold , but because their hormones get triggered by the short days and long nights . 
  lack of daylight causes sleep disorders and depression in humans , who were not meant to live that far from the equator . 
  i 'm not even that far north and i remember winters where i would never be outside in the sun . 
  it was still dark when i went to school , and it was dark again when i went home . 
  it felt like weeks of just night . 
  winter depression . 
  lack of daylight . 
  there is the winter depression , because of a serious lack of sunlight . 
  yes , for some reason he has only one facial expression , that mellow smile . 
  he is also the most boring person in the world to listen to . 
  i think they had some trouble finding more candidates , because it 's looking like the election will be a disaster for pvda , and no one wants to start their career as lijsttrekker with that upcoming trainwreck . 
  western europe best europe . 
  that lijsttrekker-election made the pvda into an even bigger trainwreck than it already was . 
  i ca n't see asscher having much success in the upcoming elections , and with two candidates who are still part of the current coalition the whole thing was doomed from the start . 
  it 's also silly on an individual scale . 
  i can just hop across the border and buy alcohol , cigarettes and petrol cheaper in germany , because they are not taxed as much there . 
  same with fireworks , people go to germany to buy fireworks that are illegal in the netherlands ( yeah , we have a fireworks problem here ) . 
  that is the case here as well , but the last few years we had a string of people either getting kicked out of their party , or leaving , while keeping their seat until the next election . 
  a famous incident was ` de nacht van wiegel ' ( the night of wiegel ) , when late in the evening hans wiegel voted in the senate against a law introducing the referendum , while his party vvd had agreed to support the law . 
  he tipped the balance and the law did not pass . 
  it led to a cabinet crisis that took some time to resolve , the government resigned but it was somehow mended later . 
  wiegel still remained a member of the vvd because he is a very respected member . 
  well , the system is similar in the netherlands , but parties and individual party members are generally free to vote for stuff outside the koalitionsvertrag ( regeerakkoord ) . 
  and sometimes people vote against the party line , as that is their constitutional right . 
  i do n't know , i 've never eaten goose in my life . 
  it 's certainly not associated with christmas in my mind . 
  bilingual in what ? 
  dutch and dunglish ? 
  it 's how many people do it here as well , but mostly older people or people without full-time jobs . 
  they have time for it . 
  but i also see large numbers of people with completely filled shopping carts , they can not do that with just a bicycle . 
   i 'm not a bike rider myself said no one ever in the netherlands . 
  pretty much everyone here at least owns a bike ( or multiple ones ) , if they are physically able to use one . 
  there are even e-bikes that are used mainly by older people , they give a small boost when you hit the pedals . 
  meh , i do n't want to give up my comfort for the environment . 
  make cars more environmentally friendly instead , i need a car to do live my daily life without it being horribly uncomfortable . 
  how am i going to shopping on a bicycle ? 
  get it is small quantities , multiple times a week ? 
  is n't that also because it is awfully cold ? 
  places like denmark and the netherlands have fairly mild weather , i think that helps a lot ( aside from both being very flat places ) . 
  how about emails from nigerian princes ? 
  they must have a lot princes there . 
  i do n't know whatever it is they did in south korea or taiwan , but they need to do the same in africa . 
  those asian countries somehow managed to go from poor fishing villages to a modern , productive country . 
  there are bits of africa with quite a bit of economic growth though , it 's not all hell . 
  `` bad governance in some parts '' , understatement of the century . 
  pretty much every country in africa is dirt poor . 
  i think evangelisch refers to most kinds of protestantism , not just lutheranism but also calvinism ( reformed christians ) . 
  and yes , i think konfessionsfreie are people without religion . 
  but how about saving money from the church tax if you leave ? 
  year 1648 best year . 
  it 's not a biggie , it 's not even really in the news as far as i can tell . 
  no , - waard means a flat area near rivers . 
  the - s is the ` tussen-s ' to connect the words . 
  england has a few interesting ones : birmingham .
