  but the first 8/10 have a germanic language as the majority language , and both france and finland have regions where they speak a germanic language ( dutch and swedish respectively ) . 
  the people 's front of germania says `` romanes eunt domus ! '', 
  i do n't think cost of living in the netherlands is that bad unless you live in amsterdam or another large city . 
  housing is more expensive than germany but food is usually cheaper . 
  there are a lot of germans near the border who come here for groceries . 
  what is germany trying to accomplish ? 
  i do n't think anyone knows . 
  it is also a matter of what may be sold as medical or as homeopathic or even as a food supplement . 
  for example arnica could be labeled as a food/vitamin supplement as long as they do n't claim it cures something . 
  that 's more or less how it used to be in the netherlands and in belgium . 
  not sure that is stable . 
  in my opionion the right wingers also need to have a party to vote for that actually takes part in the normal process so that they have democratic representation . 
  what do anti-immigration voters vote for if sd is excluded by the other parties ? 
  the problem is that there is n't a mainstream party with different views on immigration . 
  but if they have a large amount of the votes it will make it harder to have coalitions . 
  look what happened in the netherlands and belgium , the right wing populists managed to become much more mainstream . 
  could happen in sweden as well . 
  france is a bit different as they do n't have coalition governments as far as i know . 
  in the netherlands it has been a mess with unstable coalitions , a minority coalition with support from the right wing populists , and a bunch of governments that went down in flames . 
  i do n't think any of coalitions made it to the end ( 4 years ) since 1998 . 
  of course they can choose to exclude them , but i think that 's pretty dangerous . 
  something similar happened in the netherlands some 15 years ago ( pim fortuin and his political descendents ) . 
  all the other parties ganged up on him for criticising immigration and islam . 
  after that right wing populist parties have been a permanent fixture in politics . 
  if the sd somehow gets a charismatic leader and manages to get rid of the more crazy far-right elements they could use their underdog position to score in the next election . 
  that is what happened in the netherlands more or less through several different `` successor '' parties . 
  happened in belgium too . 
  well , is n't that better than letting the whole country go to shit ? 
  now it will take even longer to stabilise the region . 
  a number that most people probably wo n't accept . 
  really fixing the problem means sorting out the mess in the middle-east . 
  get rid of isis , get rid of the assad regime , get rid of the differnent rebels in libya , somalia , yemen and so on . 
  i think this is more of a `` look , we are taking in 20k people * over 5 years * '' . 
  it is just a token effort . 
  well , they have been reducing the subsidies for years now . 
  in the past they had huge stores of subsidised milk and butter just to get rid of the overproduction . 
  i do n't think direct sales to consumers would work . 
  people want to buy cheap shit at their local store , not drive around for their shopping . 
  ultimately this is what consumers want , cheap and convenient stuff . 
  one thing that would help is make regulations the same across the eu , and require food from outside the eu to conform to the same standards as well to prevent unfair competition . 
  no , but i sort of assumed that food would n't be that much more expensive than in the netherlands . 
  aside from meat food is pretty cheap . 
  if the husband does not `` allow '' his wife to leave the house then there is something more going on . 
  this is a crime . 
  is n't that a good thing ? 
  about time their government went to the crapper . 
  why ? 
  there are a huge number of suppliers worldwide and food is dirt cheap . 
  if some farmers refuse to sell it is n't going to affect anyone . 
  the law probably . 
  they 'd end up in jail . 
  if a drop of 2 cents means bankruptcy , then maybe there are too many milk farmers ? 
  their bargaining position is weak because there are only a few supermarket chains and many suppliers of milk . 
  some of them should go broke if the price of milk drops . 
  and what is the guy in the tractor going to do when he breaks through the fence and is surrounded by a bunch of dudes in riot gear ? 
  they would just pull him out of his tractor . 
  then maybe there are too many farmers . 
  food in the supermarkets is extremely cheap . 
  it 's not like supermarkets are going to pay their suppliers suddenly more money if they see this on tv . 
  why would they ? 
  if you want to make money , sell something that is more scarce than onions and tomatoes . 
  this is belgium , they are like a little france . 
  they like strikes and riots . 
  then someone else will supply it . 
  the farmers are in a very weak bargaining position . 
  you know why farmers do n't refuse to sell even though they get paid a ridicilously low price ? 
  if a supplier is unreliable people do n't want to do business with them . 
  the supermarket chains have far more bargaining power than the farmers . 
  that 's why food in stores is extremely cheap . 
  why does it bother them ? 
  because they are fanatics . 
  they want other people to live according to their stupid rulebook . 
  otherwise they would n't bother to meddle in government affairs all the time . 
  it should be the other way around , education ( especially for women ) makes people have fewer children . 
  but the arab spring was started in large part because of rising food prices . 
  these countries just let their populations boom when they are already dirt poor . 
  even the refugees do n't want that , they all want to go to germany . 
  that 's exactly the problem . 
  the right wing pvv is gaining in the polls in large part because of the refugee situation . 
  the more people they let in ( or show on the news all day long ) the more right wing parties will gain . 
  this current coalition is on its last legs anyway , but what will come after ? 
  countries like germany or sweden are somewhat unique in that their populations support the refugees , i do n't think that is the case in the rest of europe . 
  the difference is that they are citizen of a eu country , while the refugees are not ( or not yet ) . 
  also , we all know that a large part of the resistance has to do with the fact that many refugees are muslims . 
  people rarely say it but it 's the elephant in the room . 
  i was talking more about countries like the netherlands , denmark and france that have well established right wing parties of a style that germany does n't have . 
  i do n't think they are anywhere near as right wing as people like geert wilders or the front national of france . 
  why would the other countries want that ? 
  i do n't think national politicians of less willing countries want to risk alienating their voters by taking in more refugees . 
  in germany the politicians can do it because there is n't a right wing populist party in germany . 
  it is diffictult in britain depending on what education you have . 
  many jobs are in london , that 's why the city is so expensive . 
  britain is extremely centralised around london ( a huge amount of the population lives there ) . 
  most other countries are less centralised and have a more evenly spread out population ( germany ! ), 
  the biggest healthcare cost is when people get very old , and people who drink/smoke a lot die earlier . 
  their treatment costs money but everyone is going to cost money in the last stages of their life . 
  it 's a also a big relief for cost of retirement , which is underfunded here . 
  he often has trouble hiding his annoyance . 
  no pokerface at all . 
  maybe the brits want to send them some money then  that is somewhat similar in the netherlands too , the left seems to have more sympathy for the greek population .
