  i knew someone from brabant who would speak standard dutch with a mainstream accent , but when he was on the phone with people from brabant it instantly sounded like new kids . 
  [ wc experience - er heeft een duif op de voorruit gescheten ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tvdqturhvtm ) en natuurlijk de [ braboneger ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fq3-3x6yxjm ) , houdou en bedaaaankt !, 
  but somehow i time-travelled to the 80s . 
  is n't argentina a financial black hole ? 
  that is where money goes to die . 
  like an elephant graveyard , but for money . 
  a place where people hemorrhage money . 
  quicksand , not for people but for money . 
  and yet we are still loyal to the king of spain . 
  not the current one , but charles v von habsburg . 
  wow . 
  was it mandatory for every building to be ugly ? 
  quite different from where [ i live ] ( https://www.ongediertebestrijden.com/wp-content/uploads/apeldoorn-paleis-het-loo.jpg ) . 
  ok ok , that 's not my home , just a palace that 's nearby . 
  is this just trolling ? 
  the colour combination is why i do n't like the belgian and german flags , i think the yellow is really awful to pair with those . 
  i much prefer the flag of the weimar republic . 
  i guess tastes vary quite a bit , considering all the very different answers here . 
  the dutch social democrats went from 38/150 seats in the former election , to 9 in the last election a few weeks ago . 
  utterly destroyed . 
  if someone does n't let me use the bathroom free of charge when i need to puke , i can just go puke wherever i stand at that time . 
  they should realise it 's not exactly my problem where i puke , unless i 'm at home . 
  and there should be way more public toilets , i 've had to pee behind a bush or a building pretty much all the time . 
  the spanish one . 
  i like flags with a picture on them , rather than those boring flags with just bars . 
  the flag of spain has the coat of arms on it , and it shows their history : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/coat_of_arms_of_spain, 
  but language evolves : someone may use a non-standard or non-official version of the language , but if people understand the person , is he wrong for using that phrase ? 
  in dutch i notice quite a few differences by region , even when people speak standard dutch . 
  wow , / thread . 
  but there is a joke in the netherlands about wanting our bicycles back from germans : allegedly they stole a lot of bikes when they fled from the allies . 
  poles have a decent reputation in the netherlands , the stereotype is that they are willing to work , unlike some of the natives here . 
  germans also have a good reputation these days , but of course nazis do n't . 
  that 's the second worst insult ( the worst is nsber , the dutch nazi party , turncoats who joined the nazis ) . 
  those comments from erdogan did n't go over well here , that we were all `` remnants of nazism '' and so on , when so many people have/had relatives who where in prison camps or suffered from starvation because of the nazi fucks . 
  beethoven , not beathoven , although the name might suit him . 
  it 's a dutch name btw . 
  at least in the netherlands , the whole ww2 and occupation is seen as awful , but modern germany certainly is n't . 
  my grandparents lived throught ww2 and my grandfather was in a german pow camp , but even they did not equate germany with the nazis . 
  after the war , they went on holiday trips to germany . 
  but it was always clear what they were talking about : germans were * duitsers * , the normal word for germans . 
  but when it came to the nazi period , it was * rotmoffen * , the slur for nazist germans . 
  but apparently we are all nazis today , according to erdogan . 
  that 's something i 'm also surprised about , how the wealthier northern european countries generally do n't have long working hours . 
  here it is `` get shit done asap , get home asap '' mentality , because people do n't like working . 
  efficiency . 
  and to learn english : use subs , not dubs . 
  not a nazi . 
  `` a descendant of nazism '' is i think he said . 
  should i become a full-blown nazi ? 
  your grandpa may have a point . 
  my bike is broken , and i 've been doing a lot of walking lately , and it is somehow interesting . 
  you see a lot more when you are walking . 
  i also noticed that it was a bit of a struggle to do grocery shopping on foot at first , but i get more used to walking now . 
  but it is a bit of a cycling culture here . 
  we even got a cycling exam at primary school . 
  many kids go to school on a bike , and yesterday i saw a father trying to teach his toddler to cycle on a tiny bike with very fat wheels . 
  generally , no . 
  i can get everywhere i want to be by car . 
  that 's the benefit of yurop , everything is nearby . 
  i 've been to 6 countries just by driving a car . 
  but railways are pretty good too , i just do n't like public transport myself . 
  i 'm not much of a traveller anyway . 
  you are aware they invented cars and bicycles , so we no longer have to walk ? 
  flair checks out . 
  that was also my answer btw . 
  of course there is a word for it . 
  i would also be terrified and pay money to be excused . 
  they wo n't find me in a plane , ever . 
  there were of course problems before , but 1568 seems to be the ` official ' start of the 80 year 's war , since 1648 is recognised as the end of the war . 
  and i like du ** t ** chie of brabant , but the spelling is duchy , 
  the 80 year 's war started in 1568 , or about there . 
  but that may be more of a price difference between where you live and , say , london . 
  compared to the cost of living here , 3e is pretty much spare change , negligable . 
  that will just buy you a cup of coffee in amsterdam or london . 
  yes , that is great . 
  adverts are just so annoying , i rarely watch the commercial channels anymore . 
  i wish i had all 6 bbc channels , i just have bbc 1 and 2 . 
  i think it 's not that bad , considering you get 4 channels with 24/7 television , and they make some good programmes ( and a bunch of shit as well ) . 
  i think it 's yearly and not monthly . 
  in the netherlands the state funded television is paid for by taxes . 
  yes !, 
  when american tv shows are aired in the netherlands there are intro and outro tunes all the time , they have a ` commercial break ' every few minutes ( when it airs in the netherlands there is generally no commercial break then , but you know that americans have to suffer through that ) . 
  i have no idea how people can actually keep watching that . 
  life 's too short . 
  we also get better shows . 
  we got dirty jobs , and mike rowe is a really a witty presenter in my opinion . 
  i remember we used to get that shitty show from jerry springer in the 90s , where the participants usually ended up in either an argument or a fight , it was a novelty here but pretty much shit . 
  a lot of the nicer american tv shows are behind a paywall and/or region-blocking , so most people wo n't get to see them ( unless they go yarrrrr ) . 
  even when you take netflix you will be barred from a lot of content for being in the wrong region , for reasons unknown to me . 
  discovery channel and national geographic always have those reality shows where people are restoring old cars or bikes , or having auctions , or are digging for gold . 
  back in the 90s we had star wars ( ot ) and star trek on tv all the time , way better , it 's all reality shit now . 
  that stuff helped me learn english , as it was subbed and not dubbed . 
  `` no , i am your father . '', 
  british tv shows were also popular when i was younger , but today it 's mostly reality shit . 
  i loved allo allo and dad 's army and keeping up appearances and especially blackadder . 
  the sopranos is one of my favourite shows , it 's absolutely wonderful . 
  but these days you need some hbo subscription , so most people wo n't get to see it . 
  i 'm used to free television , not a bunch of expensive subscriptions . 
  that 's how it used to be . 
  they made downloading illegal some 2 years ago or something , but just do n't do anything about it .
