  the dialect of limburg is also frankish , but to me it sounds like something halfway between standard dutch and german . 
  such as the word * wie * for ` how ' , instead of dutch * hoe * ( pronounced as a short ` hoo ' ) . 
  - english : how is it possible ? 
  ( to express being surprised ) - german : wie ist es m\u00f6glich ? 
  - limburgish : wie is ' t m\u00f6glijk ? 
  i do n't speak limburgish , but i can see how similar it is to both ( standard ) dutch & german . 
  was that an official reform , or was it just a cultural shift ? 
  it 's also true in english to some extent . 
  ` the right honourable professor schmidt ' . 
  i think master 's are always offered in english ( of course , make sure before you enroll ) . 
  the course material will then also be in english . 
  btw , in my experience most course material is in english even for courses in dutch , and even for bacherlor 's , because there are simply not enough dutch speakers to make translation cost-effective for university-level books . 
  i had mostly english books even in my first year of university ( college , but we call both bachelor/master university ) . 
  btw , avoid anything called `` university of applied sciences '' or similar . 
  that is the english translation for hoger beroepsonderwijs , which grants a degree similar to bachelor 's . 
  i 've heard that for economics erasmus university in rotterdam has a very good reputation . 
  i think amsterdam , utrecht and groningen als offer economics . 
  it 's just that it 's a small country , there are only a handful ( or two handfuls ) of universities , and some are focused on tech or law and not economics . 
  except for groningen , they are all in the randstad ( the economic hub of the country ) and very close together . 
  you wo n't need to learn dutch if you just want to study and then leave , there are plenty of international students who live in the netherlands for one or two years and just get by fine with english . 
  almost everyone here speaks basic english . 
  but if you want to stay longer than that , learning dutch is useful , otherwise you might end up in the `` expat bubble '' and only know other english-speaking expats . 
  and if you need motivation to keep going , check out wikivoyage : https://en.wikivoyage.org/wiki/netherlands there is quite a bit to see and do here . 
  our patriots ( nsb , nationaal socialistische beweging ) betrayed the country to the nazi invaders . 
  in what way is making kids chant a pledge they do n't understand not incredibly creepy ? 
  i would refuse to even be in the same room as that shit . 
  it 's why we regard both germany and france as old-fashioned , quaint countries , 
  as you are an irish ( eu ) citizen you qualify for the reduced tuition rate in the netherlands , which means you pay about 1800 euros a year for university . 
  and of course the cost for learning materials such as books , and cost of living . 
  nowhere near what you are paying in the us . 
  as you are a citizen of an eu country , you may qualify for student loans if you are under 30 years old , and the student loans are quite decent . 
  the interest is somewhere between 0-1 % , and you only need to repay them if you can , based on income . 
  if you are unable to pay , the debt gets wiped after 35 years ( or when you die , your heirs wo n't inherit the debt ) . 
  it 's generally a pretty good deal . 
  here is the website of duo , the organisation that provides for students : https://www.duo.nl/particulier/international-student/ master 's at universities are almost always offered in english , and some bachelor 's as well . 
  there are lots of resources for learning dutch in the sidebars of / r/languagelearning and / r/learndutch . 
  yes , the evening itself is absolute madness . 
  the aftermath is also ugly : remnants of exploded fireworks ( hopefully it exploded ) . 
  especially bad are those red rolls of firecrackers that are linked together . 
  they used to have them rolled all around the neighbourhood , linking different streets together , and have it go back and forth for a solid 20 minutes worth of what sounds like continuous machine gun fire . 
  some of the heavier fireworks are banned , but people go to germany and belgium where it is legal ( they do n't have as much of a fireworks problem as we have ) . 
  and it sucks for many people , because a lot of pets are terrified ( and who can blame them ? 
  it sounds like ww3 just started ) . 
  it also sucks for some traumatised people , such as people who 've actually been to war zones , either as a veteran or a refugee . 
  yes , that is enschede , a city in the netherlands , after a fireworks storage caught fire and caused a chain reaction . 
  destroyed an entire neighbourhood . 
  if you put ` vuurwerkramp ' in youtube , there are clips of people filming it from not too far away . 
  it looks like the end of the world ( and it was for some people , losing their homes or their lives ) . 
  it looks like a picture straight from the fallout games . 
  we do n't have a threshold ( except the amount needed to get one seat of course , which is about 50k votes generally ) . 
  we 've had two and three party coalitions , but it seems it 's not in the cards for the next election . 
  4-5 party coalition , and it will probably be rubbish . 
  oh , it 's not sensitive at all , but frisians speak a different language and have some specific cultural customs ( fierljeppen , which is jumping across a stream using a long stick , and skutsjesielen , which is basically just a strange word for sailing ) . 
  their language is an official regional language , and i think it 's similar for the frisians of denmark and germany . 
  it 's not a hot topic , my family is part frisian as well . 
  there was also another funny thing , i ca n't remember when exactly it was but there was a time when an important part of the dutch fleet was frozen and stuck in the harbour , so the enemy infantry could just walk up to them and demand their surrender . 
  but it 's also been used to good effect , by transporting rebels using ice-skates . 
  after all , transporting people/stuff along rivers has always been important , but when they are frozen you need to use skates to speed yourself along . 
  sven kramer is frisian !, 
  and we have n't had an [ elfstedentocht ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/elfstedentocht ) for nearly 20 years , because it 's never cold enough . 
  every year there is an enormous hype when there is one night of frost , with all the old ice skaters getting pulled out their coffins to show up in different tv shows to talk about the good old days . 
  i think there was a lot more ice skating in the past , you can see it on paintings of the old masters . 
  there was a little ice age between the middle ages and the 19th century , and in that period there was a lot of ice . 
  it 's been used a bunch of times in warfare during the eighty years war . 
  do n't trust to luck , it will run out one day . 
  wow , you 'd expect someone would have told us  but still , pretty impressive for a small country with no ice . 
  here we just have hockey , and we vaguely know foreigners play ice hockey , but it 's not popular here ( for instance , we have no ice ) . 
  i have no idea , i do n't follow professional sports . 
  it 's on tv pretty much never so i guess nobody cares . 
  of course there are tax reductions , in some way . 
  perhaps you pay the same road tax , but the government still gets more money that citizens do n't have to pay for . 
  it also feels so unfair : germans can drive for free on our roads , but we have to pay when we go to germany ( where we spend money as tourists , benefitting the german economy ) . 
  many people shop in germany for booze and cigarettes and petrol ( and fireworks ) , and it 's to save money . 
  if they make traveling more expensive , it sort of defeats the point . 
  what about coalitions with more than two parties ? 
  those are somewhat common in the netherlands . 
  and what if it gets to the point that even the two big parties ca n't form a coalition ? 
  this is the current situation in the netherlands : http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week the orange bar is how many seats they have today in the tweede kamer ( lower house ) . 
  the current government coalition has just two parties , vvd ( liberals ) and pvda ( social democrats ) . 
  the pvv are the right wing populists of geert wilders . 
  sp are the socialists , cda are the christian democrats , d66 are progressive libdems , cu are conservative christians , gl are greenleft , sgp are really , realllly conservative christians ( banned women until recently ) , pvdd is the animal rights party , 50plus is the old people party , and ap is ... frankly i 've never even heard of them , and by this point i do n't give a shit because the party is irrelevant . 
  the government coalition needs 76/150 seats to get a majority . 
  as you can see , the largest mainstream party polls just has 27 seats . 
  no one wants to form a coalition with the pvv . 
  if these polls come true , then it will take a coalition of 5 different parties , which will be hell . 
  the current coalition in the netherlands is probably similar to what is going to happen in germany : biggest left vs biggest right party , everyone votes for one because they hate the other , and after the election the two opposing big parties need to form a coalition because the other parties are too small . 
  everyone is unhappy , and next election the big parties might become a lot smaller because people are so fed up with them . 
  that is exactly what is about to happen in the netherlands , germany is just one election cycle behind in the race to the bottom , 
  it 's not an old vs young thing , it 's about people are getting fed up with the idiotic obsession with fireworks . 
  i do n't want to hear blasts for weeks on end every year . 
  especially late in the evening when people try to sleep . 
  i 'm fine with fireworks on that one day , but not the weeks around it . 
  the idiotic obession dutch people have with fireworks . 
  for weeks it sounds like i live in a war zone , with blasts everywhere . 
  it 's maddening , and it 's illegal but nothing is done about it . 
  ah , field hockey is actually considered largely a sport for posh people , at least at the amateur level . 
  the normal people play soccer , the posh people play field hockey , tennis or do boating sports such as sailing or rowing . 
  ah , i see what you mean . 
  i 'm still a bit surprised it has n't happened earlier in germany . 
  and also that it seems to be mostly christian democracts and social democrats and greens that have power in germany , and not the liberals or other right wing parties .
