  the leader of pvda is lodewijk asscher , and he is a decent guy , but fairly boring ( and perhaps too polite ) compared to other politicians . 
  also , both vvd ( right wing liberals ) and pvda ( social dems ) suffered from forming a coalition government 4 years ago , but the left-wingers have a lot more choice of parties to vote for . 
  the right-wingers can either continue voting vvd , or jump ship to pvv ( the populist right wing ) , and many people are unwilling to vote pvv . 
  the coalition of vvd/pvda was basically two opposing parties forming a government , and many people voted one way to vote the other out , but then they ended up getting both parties . 
  we 'll probably end up with vvd-cda-dd6 - [ someone else ] to form a coalition , but it is looking to be a complicated process . 
  i think heineken is fine , but i just like gulpener better . 
  sadly it 's not sold in a lot of places . 
  their witbier is also really good , gulpener korenwolf . 
  then let us produce horrible beer . 
  but to be called a nazi , fuck no . 
  gulpener is a nice beer btw , produced in dutch limburg . 
  and therefore we should just take these insults ? 
  these are the most grievous insults they could come up with , and they are very successful . 
  i understand it 's meant mostly for the local population , it 's meant to appease local voters in turkey . 
  but i strongly prefer to not be called a nazi , please . 
  cda are christian democrats , the same party of angela merkel in the european parliament . 
  i would put them as mainstream , vaguely conservative centrists . 
  cda is not part of the left-wing . 
  in dutch we sometimes use `` angelsaksisch '' to mean the anglosphere . 
  it 's not meant as a racial comment , and it 's not about beowulf either , it just means the english-speaking world . 
  shame ? 
  it seems that minister cavusoglu and his chief erdogan have no concept of shame . 
  the insults thrown our way by them ( the `` nazi remnants '' comment , the srebrenica `` murderers '' comment ) are beyond belief . 
  they have truly found the worst and most hurtful insults . 
  they seem to want to destroy any future relations with the netherlands , because the comments could not be more hurtful . 
  of course not , and what minister cavusoglu thinks is pretty irrelevant . 
  the insults these turkish government people come up with are pretty extreme . 
  in my opinion , let them rant , but i 'd rather not hear from them ever again . 
  we are the remnants of nazis , and we murdered the people of srebrenica . 
  all false . 
  why should we accept these insults ? 
  fuck them . 
  i think anglo-saxon is today used in the same way as the francophonie , the countries speaking a certain language . 
  groenlinks means greenleft , they are a progressive , somewhat left-wing environmentalist party . 
  they used to have 4/150 seats , and now they have 14/150 . 
  it 's an impressive gain , but still just under 10 % of the vote . 
  in my opinion the utter decimation of pvda ( labour ) is newsworthy . 
  and the vvd ( mainstream right wing ) did better than expected . 
  still just 33/150 seats though . 
  but we do n't want work !, 
  if machines can do our jobs in the future , we could loiter about all day , doing nothing . 
  complete employment is considered pretty much impossible in a modern economy . 
  so who cares if we have to give money to the 5 % unemployed ? 
  overall , we work fewer hours , and our basic living conditions are far better than in 1800 . 
  today we work to live , and not the other way around . 
  if one day we can get by with working just a few hours a week because of gains in efficiency , why would we refuse ? 
  that sounds wonderful . 
  you can authorise someone else to vote for you . 
  it 's mentioned on the voting card even . 
  probably to keep an amount of secrecy . 
  i could pick from 300-something candidates and fill it out on the same paper , and when folding it back nobody knows who i voted for . 
  insane number of parties , all of which have many candidates . 
  i think i had 27 different parties on the ballot , and it was quite a struggle to fold the thing back again . 
  disembarking the ship from valimar , arriving just in time when darkness fell on mirkwood ? 
  as jesus said : `` i came not to bring peace , but to bring a sword '' . 
  ( matthew ) but yeah , it 's quite strange that the only ( ? ), 
  party in the netherlands to advocate for the death penalty is the most christian one . 
  it 's also not going to happen : they have 3-4 % of the vote fairly consistently . 
  calvin also had people executed , so no surprise there . 
  it 's an inuit hunting ground ? 
  i do n't see a lot of edible creatures on there , those people must live on rocks  i live in apeldoorn , which was in large part liberated by the efforts of canadians . 
  there is even a ww2 memorial dedicated to the canadians , and the same statue stands in ottawa : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/nationaal_canadees_bevrijdingsmonument my hometown is littered with ww2 memorials and monuments . 
  i live next to a bunch of them . 
  i also remember getting a small brooch with the canadian flag on it from a canadian veteran 's parade in my hometown . 
  apeldoorn was on the fringes of operation market garden , which mainly took place around arnhem just to the south of here , and pictured in the great movie a bridge too far . 
  the hospital here has a prominent plaque from the 1st british airborne division , for providing healthcare to them during the war . 
  commonwealth troops played a very important role here , especially canadians . 
  rotterdam is basically where populism in the netherlands started , with the victory of pim fortuin 's party leefbaar rotterdam , in local elections , in 2001 or early 2002 . 
  very late in the evening , after it became known that the mainstream parties had suffered bad losses to the newcomer , there was an infamous debate with all the party leaders . 
  pim fortuin was happy and energetic , and gloating , while some of the others arrived late , left early , and where generally very tired and bothered about the whole affair . 
  i clearly remember , it was hilarious in so many ways . 
  also for / u/mimzy12, 
  some of those fishing villages or otherwise rural towns are known for their use of drugs . 
  bored youth . 
  someone i know was n't allowed to go out on saturdays , because at midnight it would be sunday , the day of the lord !, 
  it was n't a big item in the election btw . 
  it 's been pretty much like this for years or even decades : it 's legal to own up to 5 grams of weed . 
  it 's legal to own up to 5 ( i think ) cannabis plants for personal use only . 
  and it 's legal for licensed pot stores to sell weed . 
  now , where do they acquire the large amounts of weed they are selling ? 
  it comes from illegal weed plantations . 
  everybody knows , and the police is actively after them , but the selling of weed from these plantations by a licensed pot store is perfectly fine . 
  there is a pot store down the street , and they never run out of weed or anything . 
  but their source of weed is technically illegal . 
  even weed is technically illegal . 
  its the '' * gedoogbeleid * '' , more or less an official `` let-it-be policy '' . 
  but not legal . 
  still , you can smoke a joint in public without legal consequences . 
  it 's not that uncommon to smell the air of weed when in city centers here , or even when cycling and you overtake someone who is enjoying a spliff . 
  or you could just give us a bit of land on your side of the ocean ? 
  the kingdom of the netherlands even borders france on the caribbean island of st martin . 
  another interesting factoid , one of the members of the royal family , princess margriet , was born in canada during ww2 . 
  the bit of the hospital where she was born was declared non-canadian territory , to prevent someone in the line of succession from becoming a foreign citizen . 
  i feel that the erdogan shit might help the pvv , as geert wilders founded his party in part on opposing turkey 's entry into the eu , and on being anti-islam . 
  so i do n't think that the row with turkey cost him any votes . 
  it 's his absence from the media lately , and perhaps people wanting to avoid a left-wing coalition so they vote for the only `` true '' right wing party : vvd . 
  pvv wo n't be allowed in any coalition so it 's a waste of your vote . 
  we 'll likely get a mainstream centre-right government , as the left is very splintered , and the populist right is n't even in the game . 
  they are a fairly leftist party , except for their conservative christian views . 
  the sgp is the ultra-conservative right wing christian party ( death penalty , did n't even allow women until 2013 or so , shut down their website on sundays , etc ) .
