  in the netherlands many people speak a dialect with their family and friends , and speak the standard language when working with non-locals for example . 
  i 've seen people speak perfect standard dutch to me , then turn to their friend and start speaking gibberish . 
  i think a large part of it is regional pride or nationalism . 
  perhaps romania has had more romanian nationalism , instead of regional/provincial nationalism . 
  i live in the netherlands which is much smaller , but there are many dialects i ca n't understand at all . 
  if these people do n't switch to standard dutch i ca n't talk with them . 
  did romania have a standard language forced on the population or on the education system some time in the past ? 
  could be something a nationalist or communist government might do . 
  but this is where the line between a dialect and a language is blurred . 
  dutch and german also have dialects/languages that are not mutually intelligible at all and serbo-croatian is basically one language that is only seperated because of political borders . 
  what is `` officially '' a language is mostly based on political will ( or unwill ) , not what linguists actually say about it . 
  ( and i 'm not saying catalan is n't a language ), 
  the dutch anthem praises the spanish king to make him look bad : the narrative at the time was the the dutch were loyal to the king , and * despite that * he abandoned them . 
  by not respecting their rights he self-abdicated , even while his subjects were loyal . 
  at least that was how they justified their independence . 
  we actually have state-owned casinos in the netherlands , but it does n't stop gambling addicts at all . 
  i remember a case of a guy who gambled away a huge amount and asked the casino to never allow him back in , but of course they let him back in because he made them money . 
  how is that different from a commercial casino ? 
  and people with a personality prone to addiction will get addicted to something , i say make everything legal but make sure everyone has access to treatment . 
  yeah , i 'm not opposed to gambling , i 'm just not interested myself . 
  i 'm fine with others gambling . 
  i think this is meant more as sharing certain values , such as what max weber called `` the protestant ethic '' referring to capitalism , more or less , regardless of whether people actually went to church . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_protestant_ethic_and_the_spirit_of_capitalism i think there is some protestant/calvinist influence in the netherlands even though actual believers are a very small minority ( 10 % ? 
  at most ) . 
  the idea of frugality , seeing ourselves as hard workers and the rest of the world as lazy and corrupt ( it 's not true of course ) , never talk or show off how much money you have . 
  well , negative ev ( and sometimes hugely negative ) so if you have no real reason to take part then it sort of is a tax on stupidity . 
  it 's like walking into a casino without realising you have negative ev on pretty much everything because the house needs to make money too ( your money ) . 
  that 's true , and there is also the `` i invest a little , and i get a really small chance to win a life-changing amount of money , even though i know the ev ( expected value ) is negative '' , but i do n't think many people who play consciously realise that . 
  fast food stores also ruin people 's lives and at a far greater extent than gambling does . 
  look at the amount of diabetes and other disease just because people are fat . 
  and alcohol , so many people abuse that . 
  does n't mean normal people should ' t be allowed to drink , or to profit from selling drinks . 
  it 's called personal responsibility . 
  i do n't want a nanny state to tell me i ca n't go to a casino or that i ca n't stuff my face with disgusting fat crap . 
  i do n't gamble btw , i just do n't think the government should ban everything just because some people ca n't control themselves . 
  you can just tax the gambling businesses like any other business , and the people who work for it also pay taxes . 
  otherwise you could turn every company into a government-owned state enterprise with that argument . 
  i believe things that can be left to the free market should be left there . 
  i believe things like healthcare and education and defense are not suitable for that so the government should run them , but they should n't run casinos or restaurants . 
  i prefer to keep more money in private hands rather than the government . 
  the greek government is pretty bloated anyway . 
  people do n't want to pay for other people 's debt . 
  countries such as germany and the netherlands can issue bonds at 0 interest , why would they want a fiscal union with states that are broke ? 
  i think most people would rather see that greece just leaves the eurozone . 
  people never got to vote on entering the eu anyway . 
  i did n't even know i lived in the eu really until they introduced the euro . 
  i do n't think the general population wants a closer union , the eu is just a collection of sovereign states . 
  a year ago i might have said yes , but what is the point at this moment ? 
  the government is going to go broke anyway unless they come up with a miracle . 
  any money that remains in the normal economy instead of the black hole that is the greek government has at least a chance of ending up/staying in the hands of the people . 
  it 's not you , no one can understand the people of volendam . 
  if they speak in their own dialect they are subtitled on dutch tv . 
  i do n't think dutch is much more difficult than german or danish . 
  learning a new sound does n't make a language that much more difficult . 
  yeah , but it 's mostly a regressive tax , taxing the poor and stupid . 
  and by now i 'm not sure if the state really needs a source of income , they are going to go broke anyway . 
  it 's like throwing money in a black hole . 
  is this ethical ? 
  you are forcing people to pay tax when they can probably no longer access their own money by the end of the week , to a state that is falling apart . 
  i 'd say the money is better off in the hands of the people then in the hands of the government or the banks . 
  i 'm not so sure government-owned lotteries are a good source of income . 
  it 's a tax on stupidity . 
  be careful , these people will take down the entire capitalist system if they can . 
  revolution !, 
  will they still be allowed to have their own commie government ? 
  well , take it up with greece if you want your money back . 
  i 'm sure they will pay back the loans if you give them money first . 
  the eu also does n't really have an obligation to greece . 
  they can choose to not send them more money . 
  ah , that could be true . 
  still , i find 50 notes annoying too . 
  if i need to spend amounts like that i 'll just use pin , i want notes and coins for the small things . 
  in the netherlands the finance , economy and justice ministers usually have an education in their field . 
  there are n't that many 10s and 5s in atms in my experience . 
  the machine has a preference for 50s and 20s . 
  these people went to the pub hours ago for some german beer . 
  i fear they have voted themselves into a worse position than they were in before . 
  everything is unclear now , how are the banks ever going to open if the ecb does n't push some money their way ? 
  how does money drop 200 % in value ? 
  is my 100 euro bill now worth -100 ? 
  i think he means the referendum . 
  ah , you are right of course . 
  i 'm not thinking straight anymore with this heatwave . 
  i still have no clue what the greek government was trying to do with this referendum , aside from shifting the blame of whatever is going to happen on the population instead of the politicians . 
  i do n't see how they have gained anything by voting no . 
  things will be getting pretty fucked up next week and people are celebrating in greece . 
  but if they decide to default on everything , they may be able to sort of pay for stuff , right ? 
  they have a balanced budget if you leave out interest payments . 
  yes , they would probably be somewhat lenient and create a similar deal with a deadline postponed a little . 
  but it was a dick move to do the referendum when talks broke down , they basically rejected the deal before the referendum was held . 
  technically the greeks were today voting on a deal that has already fallen through and does not exist anymore . 
  i do n't understand it either . 
  the whole referendum seems like a failed bluff that came too late . 
  stuff like this is hilarious , even though it is pretty sad for the locals . 
  `` we 're completely broke and we just burned our bridges behind us , so let 's celebrate '' . 
  does n't matter what people say . 
  the government ca n't get any money , so they either cease to exist or pay government employees in ious which in essence means adopting a new currency . 
  keeping the euro is nice but you need euros for that . 
  yeah , they are voting on something that no longer exists . 
  your entire last election was disastrously wrong .
