  i feel that just a dow from the anglo nations would have made the argentinians retreat . 
  they were counting on for example the us not attacking them . 
  just a few aircraft carriers steaming by should have been enough . 
  if it were up to me i would have been a real jerk , i would have sailed past the falklands and dropped some bombs on argentina itself . 
  see how fast they give up . 
  what of greece ? 
  i think it 's pretty clear the average european does n't give a shit about greece , and the politicians just have no plan and meander on . 
  in the netherlands our politicians were recalled from the holidays to have a debate on whether * not * to send money to greece as part of the rescue package . 
  it 's a big deal , and ultimately they voted to send the money , but if it had gone the other way we would be in unfamiliar territory with the greece deal not going through . 
  why does n't the uk need nuclear weapons ? 
  their trident nuclear subs make sure no one would ever invade as their country would be destroyed . 
  seems more useful than actually fighting a war . 
  if they were , the falklands war would never have happened . 
  it 's a shame . 
  i bet that if all of the nato countries declared war on argentina and gave them an ultimatum to retreat asap , they would have withdrawn without a fight . 
  more power to the eu may be a solution , but it 's not something people want . 
  anti-eu sentiment is already very strong , it will only get worse if there is a real eu government or a military . 
  but there are also european countries that are not in nato . 
  what will happen when finland or sweden get invaded ? 
  pay money to foreigners ? 
  why not let the french intervene more in africa if they want , and let the germans do what they want ? 
  good thing the baltics were independent when yeltsin 's pro-alcohol campaign started . 
  still sounds pretty expensive . 
  and i do n't like flying either , i think i 'll just take the ferry with all the drunks , and get some cheap booze myself if i 'm ever in the region . 
  it can also be an experience that for some reason you can not remember . 
  they are still distantly related though , and not related to the scandinavian languages as far as we know . 
  why does latvia not have potato ? 
  is n't that really expensive ? 
  is n't the the right response ? 
  is n't it just the a greek loanword ? 
  pretty certain irish has some loanwords from latin or greek . 
  the dutch name is similar , `` hakenkruis '' . 
  it means hook-cross . 
  what 's there to discuss ? 
  the falklanders will let us know if and when they want to change the current situation . 
  what argentina wants is irrelevant . 
  the debate is over but they keep bringing this up . 
  they will probably just keep bringing it up forever . 
  the argentinians are still butthurt because they lost . 
  so he believes the british should dictate the foreign policy of poland and ukraine ? 
  that 's fucking nice . 
  if they told me this was the warp reactor of the starship enterprise i would believe them . 
  i 'm talking about nuclear energy here , not nuclear weapons . 
  but people still want energy to be affordable , and it 's very expensive in germany right now . 
  and coal kills way more people than nuclear power . 
  obviously not the germans , since they are somehow against nuclear power . 
  anyway , i figured that even if everything went to shit because of climate change it 'll be after i 'm dead , so i 'm not worried . 
  i think it will be pretty hard to get the average person to care about it . 
  it 's like smoking , people know it 's bad for them but the bad things only happen after a long time of use . 
  concerning climate change , i 'm not hopeful at all . 
  we know how stupid people are with decisions that affect themselves , and they 'll be even worse when thinking of the next generations . 
  anyway , i 'll be dead when the worst effects of climate change happen . 
  i know . 
  how does that invalidate what i said ? 
  flying back and forth three times a month would probably still have quite a carbon footprint . 
  my point was that many people do not care about that at all . 
  obviously he does n't give a shit . 
  he 's just there because it 's cheaper . 
  of course they do n't understand , if they actually read the bible they would become atheists pretty quickly . 
  snow is fairly rare in the netherlands . 
  because it 's close to the sea it has a very temperate climate . 
  there is a lot of rain and during the summer thunderstorms and sometimes even hailstones , but snow is uncommon . 
  the weather is fairly unpredictable but not extreme . 
  i think it is somewhat similar to nz because both are temperate climates because of the ocean streams . 
  an atlantic stream warms the netherlands during winter and cools during summer . 
  we are as far north as canada but have a temperate climate . 
  the main problem here is that houses are n't built for heatwaves . 
  it 's around 30c in my home now . 
  my building can take any cold because we have huge heaters but the heat is something they did n't think of when they built this . 
  the heatwave of the last weeks is pretty unbearable . 
  at least you have winters . 
  australia seems mostly empty desert and shit . 
  dry and hot or humid and hot depending on which part of australia you are unlucky enough to find yourself in . 
  and poisonous wildlife . 
  although winters in nz may be worse than what i 'm used to . 
  and a less shitty climate . 
  is n't that like it is in large parts of europe , pork sausages , beer and mashed potatoes ? 
  we are all a little bit german/polish/czech . 
  they are taking the hobbits to moscow !, 
  i hope they do n't destroy any taters , that would hurt my national pride so much . 
  perhaps they only count people with citizenship , not foreign workers . 
  ca n't be lazy in the eu ? 
  i think people there work fewer hours than in other parts of the world . 
  but these are just the same people changing the way they self-identify , right ? 
  quite strange , i 'm dutch and i 've never heard of anyone answering census questions . 
  that is because politicians ca n't say they do n't like muslims . 
  the exact definition of continents do n't matter if they wanted turkey to join for political reasons . 
  ireland should be able to get the tech easily as it 's a highly developed country . 
  and i know ireland has been occupied by england/britain for a long time and the troubles went on for even longer in the north , but for example the nazi occupation is also in living memory in much of mainland europe . 
  the nazis would execute entire towns if there was a resistance movement . 
  that 's why i think that guerilla warfare is a bad idea , with today 's technology they would just clusterbomb any city that offers resistance . 
  they would ignore the military but just kill civvies until they surrender . 
  why not nukes ? 
  makes no sense to wait to be occupied and then start a guerrilla campaign . 
  occupation is a horror for the local population . 
  get some nukes and make sure no one even dares to think about attacking . 
  you see this in the us too in a way . 
  there are concentrations of people around places where the work is . 
  silicon valley , wall street . 
  these places are near the big cities or universities .
