  i tried gin and beerenburg . 
  it did n't work , but at least it kept me warm . 
  we also had mostly english books in university as they could n't be bothered to translate them to dutch . 
  so you just had to know english . 
  i read tolkien 's books a lot as a kid , and that helped me learn english . 
  now if i want someone to go away i say `` get thee gone , foul dwimmerlaik '' . 
  we start with very basic english in primary school . 
  but i noticed in secondary school i and a bunch of others were way ahead of what we learned there . 
  i did n't really do any homework there . 
  my workbooks for years 4 , 5 and 6 are completely unused . 
  not a letter written in there . 
  i feel i learned most from seeing english tv shows and movies , and computer games , and reading english books . 
  and later the interwebs . 
  but dutch and english are also more closely related than portuguese and english . 
  and i think the scandinavian countries also do n't dub . 
  remember that native speakers do n't really need to put in any effort to remember conjugations , as they almost instinctively know them . 
  and what / u/greatpier remarked , the translation seems a bit different . 
  verbs in afrikaans seem very simple and limited , so easier to learn , but of course that causes loss of information . 
   ) , and where they forget that verbs are flexible . 
  but ( aside from gendered pronouns ) generally have nothing to do with actual gender . 
  they are a type of noun class , which helps ( for native speakers ) to distinguish between things easier . 
  if you check out the wikipedia article on noun class , you 'll see that many languages have multiple classes . 
  some have over 20 , dutch has in practice just two , masculine/feminine and neuter . 
  masculine and feminine mostly merged , while in german they still fully use three genders ( and of course the terrifying case system ) . 
  i think many dutch people feel the same way towards german as you do towards dutch : german feels like dutch with more complex grammar that is very hard to get used to . 
  i can understand the case system when it 's explained , but actually using it while talking at normal speed is too difficult for me . 
  especially because they also conjugate adjectives and such . 
  and ` geldzak ' is a word in dutch , but it 's not used for a wallet . 
  usually portemonnee . 
  i ca n't really think of another word for it . 
  come on , he 's not another hitler . 
  he may be an idiot and/or bigot , but trivially comparing him to hitler here is done in really bad taste . 
  i ca n't imagine that the president would trivialise the largest and worst war in the history of the world , and the genocide that went with it . 
  since the 19th century , european history has been heavily shaped by nationalism and the emergence of nation-states . 
  i think a major issue here is language : if one half of the country speaks german and the other part hungarian , with regions of serbo-croatian speakers , it is probably inevitable that at some point politics will align according to linguistic lines . 
  it is hard to feel you have a shared culture if you do n't even speak the same language . 
  germany and italy are good examples : for most of their history they were fragmented city-states , bishoprics , duchies , and so on . 
  but in the 19th century there was a nationalist movement to unite the germans/italians and have their own nation-state . 
  i consider myself dutch first , and vaguely european second . 
  i do feel that the netherlands is culturally very similar to belgium ( especially flanders ) , ( northern ) germany and denmark . 
  the further away you go , the more different things become . 
  i 'm not sure whether to consider the netherlands multicultural or not . 
  i see it more as having a single mainstream culture ( dutch ) , and a bunch of minorities . 
  some of the minorities live partly in their own bubble , barely speaking the language or with a heavy accent , and having their own stores and such . 
  some minorities identify strongly with their ethnicity or country of origin . 
  not far from here is a street that is full of turkish flags whenever it 's football season , not dutch flags . 
  i 've often seen some older turks in the supermarket that probably came here in the 60s/70s as guest workers , and they have to point at products they want at the counter , because they do n't speak dutch at all . 
  they have been here long than i have ( i was n't born yet ) but still do n't speak the language . 
  erdogan received proportionally more votes from dutch turks than from turks in turkey . 
  i also remember seeing a large crowd of moroccans gather when the moroccan king visited the netherlands , and they referred him as ` our king ' , instead of the king of the netherlands . 
  many of these minorities self-identify with the ethnicity of their country of origin ( even if they are 2nd or 3rd generation ) , and many dutch people will refer to them not by citizenship but by ethnicity . 
  there has been an ongoing debate since the late 90s about whether integration of immigrants has failed or not , and whether we are a multicultural society . 
  it is a controversial topic . 
  so i guess partly multicultural . 
  in many of the wealthier countries there are also beggar-gangs from eastern europe , a lot of them are gypsies . 
  they also usually look a bit darker than for example scandinavians , and they have a very bad reputation . 
  the stereotypes of the netherlands are fields with flowers ( only a small part of the country ) , windmills ( i almost never see one ) , and clogs ( rarely worn ) . 
  and of course weed , when people here do n't smoke more than others . 
  and i think that some of the mexican stereotypes come from those old western movies . 
  the mexican standoff !, 
  there is also the need to cater to the local population . 
  in my experience germans do n't eat very spicey food , so they must probably make it a bit blander if they want customers . 
  potato people are n't used to hot food . 
  it 's the same with a lot of asian food in europe , it 's more hot and spicey than the local food , but not as hot as it is in asia . 
  source : am swamp german, 
  ah , i thought it would be in finland because of the flair . 
  dat moeten we even noteren . 
  by now your neighbour must believe that the netherlands is some third world police state where you get arrested all the time , and where they do n't use clean syringes . 
  anyway , most people here can speak basic english , and that is probably easier to understand than someone mumbling phonetic phrases from that book . 
  from french portemonnaie , literally meaning ` carry-money ' or something like that . 
  and i 'm not sure that linguistic irregularities or complexity make a language inefficient . 
  things such as gender and gendered articles may seem useless , but they provide more distinctions in a sentence . 
  i found that strange as well . 
  this phrasebook paints the country as some third world police state . 
  and this book looks useless : if you can only try to ` speak ' dutch from a phonetically spelled phrasebook you 're probably better understood by speaking english . 
  here is an article about it from the bbc : http://www.bbc.com/news/world-europe-37495067, 
  that is how it is now . 
  in the border areas , the coffeeshops ( pot stores ) are filled with germans and belgians . 
  i 'd say let 's harmonise laws , people are going to smoke weed anyway . 
  and the germans undermined our laws against dangerous fireworks . 
  a lot of people go to germany to buy fireworks that are illegal in the netherlands . 
  is germany undermining us ? 
  the police generally only go after the growers , and every once in a while they shut down some illegal growers . 
  but the coffeeshops pretty much operate normally , and you can buy weed without any hassle as long as you are an adult . 
  i 've never heard of a coffeeshop being short on weed , despite the efforts of the police to track down illegal plantations . 
  i would n't call it scandals , but more just an ongoing idiocy that everyone got used to . 
  we all known growing weed is illegal , and we all know you can somehow buy it at the coffeeshops . 
  many cities have a bunch of coffeeshops . 
  i live in a city of 150k people and there are 5 pot stores here , so it 's not like it is hard to get . 
  nobody knows !, 
  that is the beauty of it . 
  there are customers coming and going at the coffeeshops , but the production and delivery of weed is a mysterious business . 
  people are allowed to have a few cannabis plants for their own use , but that is not enough to supply coffeeshops . 
  a lot of that is grown by ` professionals ' ( technically , criminals ) , in someone 's basement or someone 's upstairs , in large quantities . 
  so most of it probably comes from local weed producers who produce it illegally . 
  in the local coffeeshop in my street they give a bunch of information about the different types of weed , how much thc is in it , what type of soil it was grown in , whether it is ` biologically grown ' ( whatever ? 
  ) , but officially nobody knows where it came from . 
  it is the 21st century . 
  why are people still so obsessed with religion ? 
  your problem is that you are in switzerland , where by law everything costs 10 times what it costs in the rest of europe .
