  both napoleon and hitler failed spectacularly . 
  and even if in modern times an army could somehow defeat them conventionally , there is the nuclear deterrent . 
  they 'll have no home to return to . 
  i find drinking in pubs and clubs is actually quite expensive here in the netherlands . 
  when we were poor students , we did ` indrinken ' , basically get drunk before going to the pub . 
  i do n't know how many dutch people drink , but i would n't be surprised if 's somewhere near 90 % . 
  alcohol is also used a lot in cooking and baking . 
  i was at a family party a while ago , and pretty much everyone was drinking . 
  the cakes also contained quite a bit of brandy . 
  so alcohol is more expensive relative to food than in europe ? 
  it still varies quite a bit in europe though , we sometimes went to germany to buy cheaper booze . 
  the drinking culture of many of the other european countries is n't healthy either , but i feel it should be a personal choice . 
  what does it matter if i die a few years earlier because i drink ? 
  the world will go on . 
  i remember i was out of beer on a sunday afternoon and most of the stores were closed . 
  i went to a turkish grocery store , quite a big one , that mostly catered to the dutch turks , and locals interesting in mediterranean food . 
  they did n't sell beer or wine . 
  but then the dutch turks are way more conservative than the people in turkey , 70 % voted for erdogan here . 
  i think the netherlands was the most pro-akp ` voting district ' . 
  i 've also been to a polish store here ( who were open on a sunday , despite most poles being catholics ) , and they had lots of beer and wine . 
  i just looked it up , poland drinks over 12 liters of pure alcohol a year on average , the netherlands 10 , and turkey 2 . 
  that 's quite a difference . 
  i think the problem is that from what i know sweden has the state-owned liquor stores . 
  booze is also taxed in the netherlands , but i think that many stores sell beer at a loss just to attract customers . 
  cheap beer attracts customers . 
  i 'm pretty sure that if i go to the local store and buy only a crate of store-brand beer for about 6 euro , they are losing money . 
  i think i remember some videos of him stumbling around because he was so drunk , and falling or having to be held upright by a colleague . 
  this guy is not a weekend soldier when it comes to drinking . 
  i find it much easier to keep drinking beer than to keep drinking sodas . 
  beer just goes right through you , that 's why you always see drunks pissing outside on a night out . 
  i think that some of the food cravings are partially due to people often staying up later when drinking : after a night of binge drinking beers you are tired , because you had dinner at 1800 and it 's now 0400 , so everyone heads to the kebab shop or the fry shop to buy shit like [ this ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/kapsalon ) , kapsalon . 
  do n't be fooled by the vegetables on top : underneath it are layers of fries and kebab meat , covered in melted cheese , and garlic sauce . 
  only eat when drunk . 
  if you just want to get drunk , hard liquor is actually the most efficient ( still not healthy at all ) , as it just contains alcohol and water , and no carbohydrates . 
  unless it has other ingredients , but vodka and gin are pretty effective calorie-wise at getting someone drunk . 
  you can certainly drink beer every day and not be overweight . 
  i know lots of people who are heavy drinkers and are not overweight at all . 
  just have a healthy diet , and do n't just stuff yourself with food . 
  one pizza ( unhealthy pretty much all over ) = lots of beers , when counting calories , as one pizza is often 1000kcal . 
  in the netherlands we call it amsterdam . 
  it was a car that saved me because the fucking public transport just stopped because of the weather . 
  when i arrived ( by bus ) at the train station i hear the trains stopped working because of the bad weather , so i wanted to get back : but then the buses also stopped working because of the bad weather . 
  somebody with a car saved me , i could n't even feel my feet anymore . 
  of course this is a once-every-10-years event , and some dutch cities are great to live in without a car . 
  however , i would also consider cycling . 
  the netherlands has great cycling infrastructure : in cities such as amsterdam , utrecht , groningen , you can get by just fine with walking , cycling and public transport . 
  the inner parts of those cities are from before there were cars , so cars are impractical there . 
  some of the inner city canals and their sidewalks are from the 13th or 14th century probably . 
  utrecht also has the main train station hub in the netherlands , utrecht centraal . 
  amsterdam is the capital city and has the main airport schiphol , den haag ( the hague ) has the government , but utrecht is the center of public transportation . 
  those cities are all fairly close to eachother , even by dutch standards . 
  that 's very possible . 
  i know that some people from around the equator in southeast asia would like to see `` seasons '' , as aside from the monsoon it 's pretty much always ` summer ' . 
  but i hate the fucking snow and ice . 
  fortunately it 's rare here , but it 's such as major hassle and a hazard . 
  i almost got stuck in a snow storm some years ago , public transport basically stopped working and my shoes were drenched because of the snow . 
  i could n't feel my feet anymore , and i was almost left outside . 
  fortunately a friend was able to pick me up while coming home from his work , otherwise i would have been stuck . 
  we saw cars just slide off the road because it was so slippery : the road was sleets of ice with snow on top . 
  people slept in their cars on the road because they just could n't go on . 
  and the darkness ? 
  i did n't like going to school as a kid on my bicycle while it was still dark , and it getting dark again when i cycled home from school . 
  it seemed like a perpetual night for months . 
  and you 'll lose the feeling in your hands or ears unless you wear the right clothes . 
  your eyes water because of the cold wind . 
  not a nice way to start the day . 
  and do n't settle in fucking siberia . 
  in the colder places there people leave their cars ' engines running 24/7 because otherwise their engines would freeze solid and ca n't be started up again . 
  that 's the kind of cold you would n't survive unless you really know what you are doing . 
  the netherlands is n't that bad regarding winter as it 's fairly temperate , we just have a lot of dark and grey skies , and a lot of wind and rain , the british weather basically . 
  the north sea and the atlantic provice us with a west wind that makes everything temperate for us dutch swamp germans . 
  we are as far north as canada , but actual snow and ice are fairly rare because of that warm atlantic , and because we are a low-lying flat country . 
  but it 's mostly temperate , and i sort of like the ` average ' temperate weather , not too hot nor too cold , and no snow . 
  i prefer to not wear shoes so snow is a major hassle . 
  that 's still a pretty long time in my opinion . 
  but then of course i come from a country that was almost founded on ~ ~ piracy ~ ~ privateering . 
  bring the letters of mark , and set loose the dogs of war !, 
  we just have greyness . 
  grey sky , mist , rain . 
  but nowhere near the temperature swings that russia seems to have . 
  it really varies in the netherlands . 
  it can be really windy , but it 's usually a west wind that 's fairly temperate and humid . 
  but the coldest days here are when the wind blows from the east or north-east , and if there 's a lot of wind it can make 0c feel much colder than it is . 
  btw , some people maintain that there is no bad weather , just bad clothing . 
  i have a long jacket that has a thick layer of cloth inside , and a sort of plastic outside , so the wind and rain wo n't get through . 
  i could survive the next ice age in that thing . 
  perhaps there is a weather station on a mountain there , or something like that ? 
  let 's just call it austria-hungery and be done with it . 
  i 've always wondered why people settle in areas that have shitty weather . 
  i still do n't understand . 
  we had snow this year !, 
  for two days , but still . 
  i hope they 'll also have residential areas . 
  we are going to go the way of atlantis . 
  then stop selling so much oil to us , 
  just as a bit of consolation : the us is actually one of the oldest countries in the world if you consider continuity of government as a criterion . 
  the us has had the same government and constitution since their independence . 
  germany and itality did n't even exist at the time . 
  france is currently on their fifth republic . 
  the kingdom of the netherlands was founded in the 19th century , and on our upcoming liberation day ( may 5th ) we celebrate our independence from the nazi occupation , so we only really existed for 70 years or so .
