  if that happens , they became ` demissionair ' , a caretaker cabinet that is tasked with organising elections and basically not do anything that is politically controversial until there are elections that lead to a new coalition government . 
  an a coalition cabinet can fall at any time . 
  i remember it was late at night and it was clear something was wrong , but the cabinet did n't fall apart until deep into the night . 
  i was lying on my bed and listening to the news , it was hilarious . 
  and the next morning people woke up without a government . 
  edit : in political terms the * tweede kamer * ( second chamber in dutch ) is the lower house , similar to the us congress , while the * eerste kamer * ( first chamber ) is the upper house , in political terms . 
  the upper house is the senate . 
  the lower house is where legislation is made , the senate has the function of double-checking that legislation . 
  they are sort of a safeguard of the constitution and democracy , but the main political discourse happens in the lower house . 
  here is an interesting episode from a guy visiting different hooligans around the world . 
  here he is in the netherlands : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yrusxzrnrme and the feyenoord people are shouting `` hamas , hamas !, 
  '' , which means `` hamas , hamas !, 
  gas the jews !, 
  '' , as ajax from amsterdam is associated with jews for some strange reason . 
  i do n't feel that way at all . 
  if you call someone aso/tokkie you are also doing it out of elitism , as it implies that you are not aso/tokkie yourself . 
  most people in anything related to tourism speak english . 
  immediately obvious are britain and ireland , as they all speak english . 
  people in scandinavia and the netherlands are also known for speaking decent english . 
  but the main question should be : what do you want to do or see ? 
  do you want a holiday of lying on the beach in nice weather , or visiting museums , or see nice architecture , or visit historical sites , or have an active holiday such as a cycling trip or mountaineering ? 
  you can get by with english in the netherlands . 
  there are people living in amsterdam permanently who do n't speak dutch at all . 
  well , words such as hick , redneck , yobbo or yokel would also be snobby things to say . 
  that 's what this thread is about . 
  though that refers just to country people ( it means farmer ) , and not to trashy people . 
  for trashy people we use ` pauper ' ( impoverished ) , ` tokkie ' ( named after a certain family ) , ` aso ' ( * asociaal * , meaning a-social ) . 
  i 'm a filthy barbaric swamp german and i 've never seen any of those signs . 
  and if i should see one of them , fuck it . 
  honorary nordic country ? 
  we are swamp germans !, 
  but i can see what you meant , when i went to denmark it almost felt like home . 
  and even the people spoke a language that felt so familiar , but just beyond my understanding . 
  while i agree with what / u/kerayt said , i feel that it would help to learn the language of the place you are going to live and work , whether is the netherlands , germany or finland or whereever . 
  you can get by with english in the netherlands , but many of the official communication with the government ( such as taxes ) are in dutch for reasons of legalese . 
  and if you want to make local friends , it really helps it you speak dutch , even if almost everyone speaks english . 
  even if people will speak english to you , they may revert to dutch when speaking to dutch members of the group , and you will feel left out . 
  now it 's not extremely hard to learn dutch as it 's somewhat related to english . 
  the same goes for the other germanic languages , german and the scandinavian languages . 
  you certainly can get by with just english but to really become part of the society you should learn the language , and it may be a requirement for getting citizenship . 
  check out / r/languagelearning and the sidebar of that sub . 
  there are also specific subs for languages such as / r/learndutch and / r/german . 
  it is correct that the major cities in the netherlands ( and other parts of western europe ) are multi-ethnic so you would n't stand out at all . 
  and as for religion , there are some very conservative religious people in the netherlands , but they are not as loud as in the us ( at least , from what i know of the us , i 've never been there ) . 
  we have our own bible belt : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bible_belt_ ( netherlands ) there are some places where the most conservative christians live , mostly conservative ( calvinist ) dutch reformed , and they vote for sgp , a small political party that usually gets 3 or 4 seats out of 150 . 
  but even these people are easy to get along with , they wo n't harrass atheists or anything . 
  they just prefer you leave them alone on sundays and do n't swear around them . 
  i 'm an atheist and i get along fine with them . 
  most dutch reformed are not part of that conservative group though . 
  the pkn ( protestantse kerk nederland , the protestant church of the netherlands ) are very mainstream protestants . 
  i think this group is very similar to the anglican church in britain , or the various lutheran churches in scandinavia . 
  in all of those countries religion is a private matter , and it is appreciated if you leave your religion ( or atheism ) at the door . 
  unlike the other countries i mentioned , there is no state church in the netherlands , but the monarch is tradionally calvinist , he is a member of the mainstream pkn , while his wife m\u00e1xima is roman catholic . 
  in the past that would have been a problem , two different religions , but religion simply is n't that important anymore for most people . 
  a genuine journalist ( or politician ) should have more important concerns than what the public wants to hear . 
  the public are idiots , that does n't mean that news media need to cater to the lowest common denominator . 
  and i do n't think people here think a lot about getting shot . 
  there is a funny video of someone trying to rob a bar . 
  he has a gun , but people just ignore him and keep on drinking their beers . 
  one of the guys even taps him on the shoulder because he wants to get past him , back to the bar . 
  once the guy leaves , the patrons of the bar chase him and pin him down until the police arrives . 
  how ? 
  they were not intimidated by the gun . 
  there are other clips like this , i remember one from a british bookies , where a robber with a gun came in but the unarmed clients took him down . 
  this is the pub in rotterdam : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=netq7nffokg, 
  and other people identify minorities by their heritage . 
  you can be in the netherlands for generations , but when you look turkish , people will see you as turkish first . 
  i think it is very hard to be seen as truly dutch if you do n't look dutch and do n't have a dutch name . 
  many european countries were founded as nation-states . 
  there is n't really much nationalism here , but people look more at ethnicity rather than citizenship . 
  of course minorities still have the same rights as the other citizens . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i do n't really care what i am according to official papers , they are just papers . 
  i identify with my own culture . 
  i am dutch first , not a ` citizen of the netherlands ' first . 
  every ethnicity/culture has their own holidays , values ( in part ) , foods etcetera regardless of what citizenship they hold . 
  there were dutch ` citizens ' who collaborated with the nazis , and today there are ` citizens ' who join isis in syria or iraq and fight against us . 
  they may be citizens on paper , but i do n't consider either group dutch anymore . 
  i have never been afraid of terrorism or shooting sprees , never . 
  i know that they happen in europe as well , but the odds of getting involved are extremely small . 
  the leading causes of death in most first world places are things such as cancer or heart disease , by far . 
  i do feel that in the us the whole race issue and the fear of attacks are fueled by the sensationalist media . 
  i notice there is a great difference in how news is presented in the us versus here in the netherlands . 
  i feel that the american presenters are much more emotional as well , instead of just giving the dry facts . 
  and loud , oh so loud . 
  and whenever a shooting spree happens you can predict what happens : the presenters go `` oh , the humanity ! '', 
  and emotionally shout at you that he even shot children , then they round up a few survivors asap to give a sob story , then they call up a few people who lost a family member in earlier shootings for another sob story , and then they call a few talking heads to rehash the gun debate in 5-10 minutes , and then they repeat the whole cycle again , for days on end . 
  whatever else happened in the world that week might as well have happened on the other side of the galaxy for all they care , they got their ` top story ' and their ` breaking news ' . 
  another nice example is that malaysian plane that disappeared into the sea . 
  for weeks on end that was all news there was , and it was mostly sensation and speculation , because they could n't find the plane for weeks . 
  `` breaking news !, 
  they still have n't found the plane !, 
  what could have happened ? 
  we ask our talking heads ! '', 
  ( who also dont have any information , because there is n't any beyond ` the plane has disappeared over the sea ' ) . 
  they should treat it as a freak occurrence and go back to the major news events . 
  i 'm not trying to bash americans here , it 's just that i find their way of presenting the news a bit loud and self-absorbed in a way . 
  also the way it is presented , i sometimes watch cnn and they are shamelessly self-promoting all the time . 
  `` this is c n n '' at every opportunity , and the presenters somehow find it necessary to identify themselves after every short break , and telling the viewer they are watching c n n ( as if they did n't know , it says so on the screen ) . 
  and when they get one of their reporters they identify them as ' a cnn senior international reporter ' or something .
