  a possible explanation is that finland is a fairly new country . 
  it has n't been a country for very long , for most of the time it was a colony of either sweden or russia , and before that it was on the periphery and completely insignificant . 
  on the other hand , britain , germany , france and so on all have a long academic tradition . 
  the first universities were in the mediterranean , and it took a while for a northern renaissance to appear , and likely even much longer for finland . 
  i think all eu countries except for the uk , because of the brexit referendum . 
  edit : oh wait , this is from 2010 , so my answer was n't relevant . 
  they generally still have turkish citizenship , and voting is a right generally comes with citizenship . 
  i do n't know if it is still the case , but they were also required to do military service in turkey . 
  a lot independent states had parts of terrorism before they gained independence . 
  israel for example had a long history of terror attacks against the british , and they were given indepence . 
  lots of former european colonies as well . 
  the kurds know they ca n't beat the turkish military , not even close , and there are no serious negotions as far as i know . 
  so what other way do they have to gain indepence ? 
  of course it is still wrong to kill civilians . 
  i had to look it up for ww1 , you are right . 
  there is n't as much interest in ww2 in the netherlandse since we were n't in the war . 
  i thought the stereotype was that most of it was fought in belgium , which was neutral . 
  but it seems the north of france saw a lot of fighting and destruction . 
  but most of france did n't see much fighting in ww1 , right ? 
  the war is famous for having a front that does n't really move . 
  and of course they surrendered paris instead of having a battle in the city . 
  it is interesting that it survived the allied invasion so well . 
  although i think one of the reasons for the orange bits is that they are more rural areas , and probably lots of people went to the paris area in the 20th century , so there probably just has n't been a lot of building done in the countryside . 
  of course . 
  it is a factual programme , as is often repeatedly stressed by professor clarkson . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i like a lot of the paintings of ilya repin , lawrence alma-tadema and jan matejko . 
  the winters can be pretty dark and that makes people depressed as well . 
  days are short and nights are long during winter in the north . 
  that is why russians say ` to health ' when they drink it . 
  you can not drive full-speed in belgium , the roads are so bad . 
  i know one person who chose euthenasia , which is legal here . 
  she was very ill and bedridden , and there was no hope for improvement . 
  i 've also one come upon a scene where someone attempted suicide by jumping off a building . 
  there was a large crowd and a lot of emergency services . 
  i later heard he survived , but was disabled . 
  i also knew a very old lady who made a point of thanking her friends , and a few days later she was dead . 
  it was left ambiguous whether it was a natural death or not . 
  someone who worked at a nearby company threw himself before a train and died , he had severe financial problems . 
  could it be cultural as well , since the finns and hungarians come from the same linguistic group ? 
  i know there are some extremely depressing bits in finnish mythology with suicide , incest , slavery and so on . 
  if those things feature in folk tales then that might say something about the mood of the people . 
  fish used to be cheap peasant food in the netherlands , in the past the servants used to eat salmon while the upper class ate beef . 
  but thanks to overfishing fishing ships need to go further and further offshore to find fish . 
  smoked mackarel is a tradition food here , but they now need to go far into the atlantic ocean to find mackarel . 
  another one is smoked eel . 
  i find them delicious , but they are critically endangered because of overfishing . 
  they have an incredibly long and weird lifecycle and they can become well over 80 years old . 
  they go through a bunch of stages in maturity ( taking yeeaaars ) before they can breed , and while they live in the rivers in europe , they need to travel all the way to the west of the atlantic ocean to breed , and then they come back again to the rivers . 
  here is their lifecycle ( it 's in dutch , but i think anyone can see the eel/paling has a complex and long lifecycle ) : https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/file:palingcyclus465.jpg most of the eel in the netherlands are farmed and not wild eel , but that is also difficult and expensive because they need to ` fake ' the long journey to the salty atlantic ocean otherwise they wo n't breed . 
  just a picture of what smoked eel usually looks like ( on a cracker ) , i really want some now : [ gerookte paling ] ( http://www.visspecialist.info/files/image//nl/webwinkel/gerookte-visproducten/paling/gerookte-palingfilet/palingfilet.jpg ), 
  they should split up germany and join the southern , traditionally catholic areas to austria , and have northern germany joined with northern belgium and the netherland and call that country swamp germany . 
  is that some effect from the communist era , or is it specifically hungarian ? 
  some of the surrounding countries have much lower suicide rates . 
  i know that finnish mythology is extremely dark and depressing , is there something like that with hungarians as well ? 
  the dutch invented gin . 
  no surprise , when all food they have are potatoes and it rains all the time . 
  just czech out all the suicide jokes !, 
  keep in mind they speak dutch with a brabant accent , and they use language not suitable for normal use . 
  is n't something you should say , 
  are you dutch ? 
  i did n't expect anyone outside of the netherlands to know about new kids , jongeh !, 
  that is the german trailer , they dubbed it !, 
  it sounds hilarious . 
  i 'm just used to those guys speaking dutch with the brabant accent . 
  broodje bakpao !, 
  [ broodje bakpau ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wdfuvwsx9n8 ) ( bakpau is a sort of indonesian style steamed bread with spiced meat inside it ), 
  those plastic overcoats are fairly common in the netherlands . 
  or maybe the eu could just leave them alone . 
  it is none of their business that the swiss have a tradition of letting their conscripts keep their rifles . 
  and if the other eu countries are afraid of terror attacks , perhaps they should put in more effort to lock up the crazy fundies . 
  the problem here in the netherlands is that people are forced to put a part of their salary in semi-government pension funds . 
  they are not allowed to make their own investments . 
  and these pension funds have limited ability to make ` risky ' investments , so they are not keeping up at all . 
  yields on dutch government bonds are also dogshit . 
  the interest from the ecb is also dogshit . 
  of course people can invest by themselves , but that is hard if a large part of your salary gets taken away and put in some shitty pension fund . 
  the system is ridiculous . 
  exactly , there is absolutely no incentive to have children today . 
  adding to what you said , a lot of young people in europe do n't have a stable or permanent job , but rather have shitty temporary contracts ( or no job at all ) . 
  in some of the southern countries many people even life on the pensions of their parents/grandparents because they are unemployed . 
  not a great idea to have a bunch of children when you are in that situation . 
  how are you going to convince people to have more kids ? 
  i do n't think the government has much influence on that . 
  if raising kids is ridiculously expensive , people are not going to want children anymore . 
  and btw , it is already too late for that . 
  the children born today wo n't be adults ( and productive ) before the current generation of babyboomers dies . 
  but an inheritance tax will also hurt young people , as they will now inherit less of their parents ' wealth . 
  i do n't think it will work out well if young people buy a house in an area that has declining prices . 
  they will be unable to sell . 
  and in the major economic centers real estate prices are going through the roof . 
  london , amsterdam , paris . 
  and yet in the netherlands the pension funds are heavily dependent on government bonds , and on the interest rate of the european central bank . 
  many of the pension funds had to cut what they could pay to pensioners . 
  and yet the stock market has made significant recovery since the crisis , but the pension funds somehow do n't benefit at all . 
  my father also gets his pension reduced just about every year , and he did n't have a choice on where to put his money , as the money was automatically deducted from his salary . 
  seeing as he died to save our souls , we should be happy . 
  at least if you are christian . 
  and the protestants . 
  but many people park their cars on the street .
