  it 's just about the level of french most dutch people can understand . 
  if they show a person with bread , wine and boursin of course . 
  the average dutchman does n't care about it . 
  it 's been in the news a few times , but it does n't really affect the locals . 
  it does n't even really benefit the dutch economy really : it does n't bring in a lot of tax ( because taxes are artifically low or they use those weird international constructions ) , and because most of those companies do n't actually operate here , and do n't really employ anyone except someone to check the mailbox and file taxes . 
  but normal people generally do n't see it . 
  there 's a bunch of mailbox companies in amsterdam ( quite a lot actually ) , but it 's not really visible to most people . 
  it 's just office buildings like any other . 
  and interestingly the rolling stones and u2 are both `` dutch '' companies , because they could n't be bothered to pay tax in their home countries . 
  so yeah , ignorance . 
  i think that most people , if asked , are completely against tax evading companies . 
  but they vote for what 's important to them : the rising cost of healthcare , lack of care for the elderly , rising retirement age , labour laws that screw over anyone but old people , reduction in pensions , immigration/refugees , stuff like that . 
  now those beggar gangs and pickpockets are affecting people , they are visible . 
  although i must say i have never really seen one except possibly one gypsie street musician , and he was removed by police for noise complaints ( and for not having permission to be a street musician ) . 
  lately they seem to operate on trains , so they can talk to a large amount of people in a short time . 
  some of them shove something of low value into people 's hands such as paper handkerchiefs , and then demand payment . 
  people have been advised to not give them anything , and inform the train conductor or the police . 
  i think it will blow over once they find out people stop giving them money . 
  no , not even dutch people themselves believe that . 
  and the best beers usually come from the southern provinces , so basically ` north belgium ' . 
  at least you 'll have a nice time if you drown . 
  and many of these surveys are actually self-reported , which may not reflect how well people actually speak it . 
  it may just be `` i had english in school years ago '' . 
  i think for countries such as the netherlands and the scandinavian countries , a lack of dubbing or even a translation at all makes people familiar with english . 
  probably just about everything gets translated into english , not the case for the smaller languages . 
  i 'm also a bit unsure of the definition of ` foreign ' languages . 
  perhaps a better question would be the mount of non-native languages a person speaks , or just the total number at all . 
  and are french and german ` foreign ' in luxembourg ? 
  from what i know they are official in addition to luxembourgish . 
  then english would probably be first foreign language for people there . 
  they are not usually combined with the sausage in the netherlands , people usually pick one or the other . 
  but fries ( with mayonnaise ) and either a kroket or a frikandel are common here . 
  and we also have bitterballen !, 
  exactly like a kroket , except round : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bitterballen, 
  he is a dutch politician and diplomat , who is known for knowing a lot of languages , and people joke about that fact . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/frans_timmermans he is dutch but he also speaks english , french , german , italian and russian . 
  i think it 's a joke that quite a few people can not tell the difference : when my parents grew up , it was all part of the soviet union , so many older people simply do n't know about the `` new '' states yet . 
  you are pretty much correct in how you call the states , but they are written like this in dutch , and usually in this order ( from north to south ) : estland , letland , litouwen . 
  the ' - land ' bit just means land , so ` land of the ests ' , ` land of the lets ' , and uhm ... litouwen . 
  i posted this elsewhere in this thread : it 's related to that `` yearly saint nicholas steamboat commute '' on the map , between spain and the netherlands . 
  on december 5th , saint nicholas gives presents to children . 
  in the past children were told that the naughty kids would be taken to spain in a bag when st nicholas returned home . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/sinterklaas so basically a santa clause figure , who has a book of records that shows what kids have been nice and what kids have been naughty , and the naughty ones he takes back with him to spain in a sack . 
  that bit is generally not told to kids anymore , today he is just a nice person who brings gifts in december . 
  it 's not specifically related to galicia as far as i know , he is just `` from spain '' ( in this picture , there is also the reference of saint nicholas going by boat through the atlantic/channel/north sea ) , as the original bishop nicholas was a greek from myra , and his remains are in italy , so no historical connection to spain . 
  preferably not . 
  do the locals like frikandellen en kroketten ? 
  i do n't they are really popular outside of the netherlands , aside from dutch tourists ( who should be eating the local food , they can get kroketten everywhere at home ) . 
  to be fair , i think my lack of soberness often makes me a nicer person . 
  not madrid specifically , just spain . 
  the story is that sinterklaas ( saint nicholas ) lives in spain and comes by steamboat every year , and gives presents to children on december 5th ( and sometimes the days before ) . 
  people do n't really use the ` threat ' of being taken to spain anymore , today sinterklaas is just a pleasant guy from spain who brings gifts every year . 
  based on the real bishop saint nicholas of myra . 
  no real connection to spain , he was a greek from what is now turkey , and his remains are buried in italy . 
  we created land from the sea before it was cool . 
  i think he means that the last time german was widely heard in the netherlands was n't exactly a good time for us . 
  i remember there were some young german tourists in rotterdam , and one asked why there were so few historical buildings . 
  [ shots fired ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rotterdam_blitz ) . 
  now nobody i know has any resentment to germans for past events , but ww2 is still pretty ingrained in the culture . 
  the reference for serbia ? 
  i do n't know about that movie , but it 's a reference to the fall of srebrenica in the 90s . 
  the dutch colonel karremans was leading the un troops defending the bosnian enclave , but they were outmatched and support from other un or nato forces dried up , so they basically had to surrender to mladic . 
  karremans wants to get home with his troops and he comes up with the `` do n't shoot the piano player '' phrase . 
  not sure where that 's from . 
  here is karremans being ` interviewed ' in an aggressive way by mladic , and near the end he says the piano player bit : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=az7woyumciq the whole srebrenica thing is surrounded by controversies here in the netherlands , and it led to the fall of the government in 2002 . 
  in the end they were unable to prevent the massacre of thousands of bosnian men . 
  it also led to a debate about how ridiculous it was to send out troops with minimal arms , and being dependent on nato air support ( which somehow did n't show up when requested ) . 
  in this picture , the phrase for bosnia also refers to that : `` some air support would be nice '' . 
  it 's related to that `` yearly saint nicholas steamboat commute '' on the map , between spain and the netherlands . 
  on december 5th , saint nicholas gives presents to children . 
  in the past children were told that the naughty kids would be taken to spain in a bag when st nicholas returned home . 
  dutch people are very good at pretending to speak many languages , and the rest of the world seems to believe it . 
  it 's called a * narrative * , whatever you do , never deviate from the narrative . 
  there are no nukes at volkel . 
  the air in bejing is clean . 
  there are no russian soldiers in donetsk . 
  dutch people all speak 4 languages perfectly . 
   but everything is an alcohol if you 're brave enough this just sounds like the most russian thing anyone ever said on this earth . 
  they probably had better vodka . 
  perhaps they are informed of the dangers of the sun for the skin ? 
  i know that both skin cancer and vitamine d deficiency are quite common in the netherlands . 
  one by getting too much sunlight , the other by getting too little sunlight . 
  days are short and misty/cloudy during winter here . 
  but then days are very long during summer . 
  i also noticed that the sun would sort of bleach my hair , i have vaguely brown hair normally , but when vacationing in the south it would become a little more blond . 
  the opposite of what you would expect . 
  for someone learning dutch , the vowels are actually more scary . 
  we have a fairly large vowel inventory , and a lot of diphtongs , and short and long vowels . 
  learning to pronounce g or r is probably not that hard for most people . 
  but yeah , there is quite a lot of gggcchhhhhhgggggg . 
  it 's not hard ( or painful ) for a native speaker . 
  pronunciation , mostly . 
  it 's often immediately obvious whether someone is belgian or not . 
  perhaps they use better sunscreen ? 
  otherwise people will end up like red shrimp if they stay in the sun . 
  dutch people are so tall that our hair just get blown off by the wind . 
  what sun ? 
  no such thing . 
  but perhaps the grey clouds perform more or less the same function as those grey light-diffusing screens that photographers use to spread the light equally . 
  not scorching sun , but a little bit of light spread evenly in all its grey glory .
