  well , because the state represents the people ? 
  sure , in soviet russia they do n't care but in the civilised world they generally should . 
  the point is that men ca n't choose not to have the child , therefore they should be able to get out of being a father . 
  or do you want to give them the right to force women into an abortion , as the state does n't care about their feelings anyway ? 
  and what can de man do if the woman decides to keep he ? 
  he can not choose abortion . 
  that is the point of this : men who have children against their will , they are trying not to have a child . 
  how is it not torture ? 
  being forced to undergo extreme pain by the government . 
  and risk of maiming , even it is small . 
  it is not torture if people undergo it willingly , but it is when it is forced . 
  i can not just hurt other people to save someone else . 
  they have these devices that you can wear on your body that simulate birth pains . 
  the guys who used them all fell to the ground in pain . 
  that is what it is , but you can argue whether you allow it to have the same rights as humans who are already born . 
  i feel that the rights of the pregnant woman are more important in this case . 
  a pregnancy causes months of discomfort and often causes permanent changes to someone 's body . 
  there are people who became incontinent ( can be both urine/fesces ) because of giving birth . 
  giving birth is also extremely painful , if the government forces people to go through that they are basically subjecting women to torture . 
  and also , where do you leave the child afterwards ? 
  throw it into an orphanage ? 
  people always talk about adoption but there are already enough children that need adoption and not enough potential parents . 
  yes , our laws are subjective , which is why leaving abortion as illegal because it has always been done that way does n't make it any more valid than changing it . 
  the real question is what someone finds more important : the rights of the unborn fetus , or the rights of the mother for control over her body . 
  and of course if people actually refrained from sex 100 % there wo n't be pregnancies , but we all know people will keep getting pregnant . 
  that is just a fact of life . 
  you ca n't really expect people to never have sex in their lives , that is just unrealistic . 
  laws can change . 
  if the majority of people believe something is not a crime , than you can make it legal . 
  the majority here do n't really care about abortion , it 's not really an issue except for christians and such . 
  no one is forcing people to procreate , but people just get horny and contraceptives do n't work 100 % . 
  there will always be people getting pregnant against their will unless they invent some super contraceptive . 
  what i tried to say is that the government should n't force a woman to go through with a pregnancy , whatever the cause of it . 
  otherwise you get a lot of illegal and botched abortions which are even worse ( as besides killing the unborn baby , it can also kill or maim the mother ) . 
  no one likes abortion , but the alternatives are so much worse . 
  there should be a lot of effort put in preventing unwanted pregnancies . 
  people who are ignorant or careless with contraception and just use abortion as an alternative , that is awful . 
  those countries are shitholes for many their citizens though , even if they may become world powers . 
  life is much better in ` unproductive ' ( in terms of having children ) europe . 
  i do n't want any pressure to get married or have children . 
  there is a reason everyone wants to come to europe . 
  that 's just your ideal . 
  ` lawful productive lives ' does n't necessarily mean getting married and having children . 
  there are plenty of countries where they do just that and they are shitholes ( middle-east ) or impoverished ( india ) . 
  we already have more people than we know what to do with . 
  i do n't feel the government should be able to force a women to go through a pregnancy . 
  that is dangerous and painful . 
  if i were a women i would never go through with a pregnancy . 
  there are many women have permanent health problems from difficult pregnancies . 
  i would n't want the government to force that on anyone . 
  if the government does n't want that , they should come up with 100 % effective contraception . 
  then you can still get pregnant even with contraceptives . 
  the way it is now if the woman does n't want the financial responsibility for the child , she can choose to abort . 
  the man does not have this choice . 
  this way he can choose to not be financially responsible , but the choice of abortion still belongs to the woman ( as it should be ) . 
  i think the point is that the man can not choose abortion if the woman does n't want it . 
  i believe it would be very wrong to force an abortion in any way , but with this at least the man can walk away from it , giving him basically the same choice the woman has ( the woman still has more choice : a woman can abort without the father 's consent , which is also a good thing as forced pregnancies are what they do in hell-holes where abortion is n't legal ) . 
  it would n't make abortion moot , it would just create a system where a huge numbers of people become parents ( against their will ) in prison . 
  i do n't see why the government should promote certain lifestyles . 
  there is nothing wrong with unmarried people having sex . 
  there is also this problem : if the woman wants the baby but knows the father does n't , she just tells him after the legal time frame for abortion . 
  contraceptives still have a chance of failure . 
  you do n't know the power of the dark side . 
  can confirm , even the people who claimed to be hungry did n't want food . 
  most people in the netherlands speak ok english , but that is very different from a place where it is actually the main language . 
  aside from immigrants people do n't speak english to each other . 
  there is no need , you can see it in the name germoney . 
  solution : build nukes . 
  you ca n't really get influence with the un if you do n't have those . 
  yeah , that france has some third rate military is complete nonsense . 
  they are hugely influential in africa and the middle-east . 
  and in mali they really got things done . 
  then maybe they should get around to actually making it happen . 
  when you want to avoid war at all costs , the other party can just do what they want . 
  i feel they should make a decision on whether to truly support ukraine and remove the russian troops there , or to regard it as a lost cause and mend the relationship with russia . 
  this limbo is n't helping anyone . 
  this is how it looks now : ukraine permanently in turmoil , and a permanently soured relationship with russia right after a time when things were looking better . 
  then they should stop whining about it . 
  the eu and nato could easily help ukraine regain their lost territories so they should either do that , or just accept that crimea is forever part of russia . 
  are they just going to be in a war of economic sanctions forever ? 
  i did n't mean allowing them into nato , but if ukraine asks a number of nato countries for help in restoring their sovereignty it would be perfectly fine . 
  it 's the same thing that happens in syria : they just invited the russian military to help them , so they do n't need to go through the un . 
  the west is actually bombing in syria without permission of their government . 
  i think it 's telling that this has n't happened in ukraine . 
  clearly the politicians in the eu just do n't give a shit about the situation there . 
  the ukrainian government could invite nato to help them regain control of their territory . 
  it would be over pretty soon , unless you believe the russians really want to start ww3 over a few small territories when they are extremely outmatched in every way . 
  well , some german words are about as long as entish words . 
  oh , how many times the leaves have fallen in laurelind\u00f3renan and the teutoburger wald . 
  i think it is mostly the unwillingness . 
  nato is the most powerful military alliance the world has ever seen . 
  they could easily regain the lost ukrainian territories . 
  the russians are just counting on europe doing nothing , and so far they have been correct . 
  i ca n't stand the eu politicians who babble about how crimea belongs to ukraine , but then do n't actually work towards achieving that . 
  well , i did n't say it was nice , but it 's just the way it is . 
  if no one is willing to fight for crimea , it 's just for the taking . 
  this is pure weakness on the side of the eu and the west in general btw . 
  a lot of complaining about russia , but no willingness to actually do something about it . 
  i really believe we should n't put too much stock in contracts or whatever is in paper , if there is no one willing to stand up for it . 
  the netherlands wo n't leave if germany does n't .
