  a dutch referendum probably does nothing . 
  it can only be done after the treaty has already taken effect , and the result will probably be the same as for the ukraine referendum ( result ignored ) . 
  three . 
  there is also the small german-speaking community . 
  all the republicans had to do to make this a win was getting a sane nominee . 
  they did the opposite . 
  we have to , you are our defense strategy . 
  many other countries also have idiotic politicians or elections . 
  they just do n't get the attention that us politicians get . 
  and the us has the bad luck that their election cycles take so long and is scrutinized by the rest of the world . 
  there are quite a few colourful politicians in the rest of the world as well . 
  quite a few european politicians are notorious drunks . 
  here is a funny clip of the czech president : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apxdt9lcyxk another silly situation was in the newly formed dutch cabinet in 2002 , when one staatssecretaris ( assistant minister , more or less ) was forced to resign only a few hours after the cabinet was formed . 
  she was a member of a militia associated with the junta in suriname after the december murders there , and she neglected to inform the pm . 
  it is said though that in a country of some 350 million people , the absolute ` best ' candidates are trump and clinton . 
  wow , for 6 i could buy an entire crate of beer ( 24 bottles of 0,3 l ) , if we are talking about really cheap budget beer . 
  can you really get a mortgage at that age if you are just a conscript , which is essentially a very temporary ` job ' , and before someone has completed their education ? 
  very different in the netherlands , where many people struggle to get a mortgage because they often do n't qualify for one because they have temp jobs ( the old people have the stable jobs ) . 
  well , i figured since schengen got rid of border controls and allows for free movement of goods and people , it is pretty important for free trade . 
  but you are right that is not in itself a free trade agreement . 
  and i was also wrong about norway : apparently they can have their own ftas . 
  no idea how that works without border controls though . 
  true , but people are complaining in this thread that wallonia only has 3,5 million people , i just pointed out that there are sovereign countries with far fewer people that can also block things . 
  and technically it is the belgian government that vetoes it , because how a country decides internally on whether to vote yea or nay is its own business . 
  i 'm not expert , but i guess not . 
  norway is part of the schengen area , so i do n't think they can make trade deals on their own , as they are part of the common market . 
  now you are assuming people want a union like that . 
  we do n't even have a common military or foreign policy in the eu at all . 
  some countries are in nato , others are n't , some countries are part of ' a coalition of the willing ' every once in a while , others are n't . 
  it is just not a real union . 
  how is that a failure ? 
  there are eu member states with a lower population than wallonia . 
  just from memory : luxembourg , estonia , latvia , lithuania , cyprus , malta . 
  but the eu is n't a country . 
  most people do n't really follow what the european parliament is doing , the news here is mostly just about our real government : the dutch one . 
  i feel the eu is basically just a bunch of treaties between sovereign countries . 
  the degree of economic integration ( either within the eu or with other trade blocks ) should be able to get vetoed in my opinion . 
  a country should n't have to go further than what they signed up for . 
  the eu is already on thin ice with the rise of euroskepticism . 
  many regional politicians made it their job description to either oppose the eu , or claim to support it but still blame the eu for everything that goes wrong . 
  3.5 million people in wallonia is much more than the populations of for example estonia , latvia , lithuania , luxembourg , cyprus or malta . 
   the eu has just shown it is not capable of actually ... wow , quelle surprise . 
  this is about as silly as the ukraine referendum , except everyone ignored that one . 
  and what would a trade with the eu be worth anyway ? 
  nobody knows how many countries the eu will have in a few years time . 
  i would figure a trade deal with an eu without the city could be worth much less . 
  well , when you think about it , the regional parliaments of belgium represent more people than for example the national government of estonia . 
  and the netherlands had a referendum to vote against the association agreement with ukraine , after it was already passed . 
  from what i recall the invasion happened before the referendum . 
  and i do n't care much whether things are legal or not . 
  it is all about the reality , facts on the ground . 
  and the facts are that the russian federation controls the territory . 
  what international law has to say about is pretty much irrelevant at this point . 
  well , as long as the locals just keep messing things up ... perhaps they could get their shit together some time in the near future ? 
  that would make everyone happy . 
  get rid of the fundies and look to the future instead of to the past . 
  there wo n't be progress until every religious fundamentalist is hanging from a tree . 
  and a damn shame it was . 
  nato just let the argentinian fascists get away with an invasion of british territory . 
   just look at buk that shot the passanger airplane . 
  we all know it was a russian launcher . 
  what you gon na do ? 
  ouch . 
  who cares about that ? 
  international law is a joke anyway . 
  where is crimea now ? 
  bread with hagelslag and peanut butter !, 
  so you are on the ferry from talinn , eating salmiakki and chugging vodka before you off yourself ? 
  the short drop ? 
  that is some dedication . 
  foreigners seems easier to pronounce  * buitenlanders !, 
  i 'm not really a fan of referendums , i prefer representative democracy . 
  the last few referendums in the netherlands were utter horseshit . 
  every referendum just ends up with a big fuck you to the european union . 
  and i want nothing to do with party politics if there are only two parties that matter . 
  if you are a libertarian or a green in the us you are essentially just wasting your vote every election . 
  if i lived in the us i would probably vote on the referendums even though i am opposed to their existence , and i might vote on national elections to elect ` the least horrible candidate ' ( dem or rep ) , instead of voting for who i might want ( greens , libertarians , socialists , whatever ) . 
  with curses upon it . 
  you could call me u\u017esienie\u010diai and i would n't have a clue what you meant . 
  great news everyone !, 
  it 's the new dacia sandero . 
  trump is a lot funnier though . 
  it 's not like anyone is going to do anything with those blank votes . 
  it 's ridiculous that in a country of some 350 million people , this is the best they can come up with . 
  the country needs proportional representation , so that people can actually vote for more than two parties without wasting their vote . 
  but only flanders . 
  we do n't speak french here . 
  but that also happens in the netherlands . 
  every sunday , there are multiple religious programs on tv , and church services . 
  but only about 20 % of the country believes in god . 
  i do n't think having religious stuff on tv makes the country much more religious . 
  it sounds a bit german . 
  kronstad , and they added - tas to make it sound lithuanian ? 
  i think the issue of the uk 's relationship to the common market with the eu should be resolved first . 
  the uk ca n't really make trade deals on their own if they are still part of another free trade zone . 
  we live in interesting times . 
  they call it a rune stone in the article , but the title is indeed a bit ridiculous . 
  and the article has annoying clickbait in the middle of it . 
   a great day this has turned out to be . 
  i 'm suicidal , me mate tries to kill me , me gun gets nicked and we 're still in fookin ' bruges !,
