  from the perspective of this generation of politicians it works . 
  shitstorm now , or shitstorm in the future ? 
  let the future bundeskanzler deal with it . 
  europe does n't have much natural gas and oil , that 's why we need to do business with russia and the middle-east . 
  it 's not going to change overnight . 
  my point was that germany does n't have nukes of its own . 
  if for some reason nato was n't there to help them out , germany is pretty fucked . 
  they do n't have a huge military and no nukes at all apart from the nato ones . 
  you do n't need a huge amount , you just need enough to completely destroy most of a country . 
  sort of what britain has , they have the trident nuclear subs that can hit the entire world . 
  no one can successfully invade britain and then not get destroyed . 
  be careful though , in case of a true grexit they may simply tranform all euros owned by greeks to a new currency , regardless of whether the bank is in greece or not . 
  otherwise everyone could simply park all their money in germany or whatever and the greek banks would dry up . 
  perhaps buying stocks ( not greek stocks obviously ) , government bonds , foreign currency ( dollars , swiss francs ) or commodities would be a better option as they wo n't be changed to a new currency , and you remain the owner even if a bank goes under ( which remains to be seen for savings accounts ) . 
  perhaps it is more because the dutch are essentially swamp germans ? 
  we are little germany . 
  and the rest of the world knows too , 
  i disagree , i feel nuclear weapons are good because you generally do n't have to use them . 
  they can prevent wars because no one wants to go up against a country that has nukes , because that makes a war with them unwinnable . 
  but that is sort of what we are doing with nato , right ? 
  the netherlands sold all tanks and focuses on other things specifically as part of nato . 
  i still think too many countries have no nukes , only the uk and france have them in europe . 
  that would sort of prevent invasions and it would likely be cheaper than a whole army . 
  i 'm not sure if the eu is going to coordinate defense much . 
  same with paying eu taxes , these are the words you can not say as a politician and still get elected , at least in the more skeptical countries ( the netherlands , germany etc ) . 
  yes , in theory it would be best to leave a few suffering countries in the eurozone just for that . 
  the netherlands is also fairly export-driven ( though mostly to other eurozone countries and britain ) . 
  the profitable but villainous thing to do would be to never let greece recover . 
  paying off the debt would for the netherlands mean you take some 400 billion out of the economy . 
  that is a lot of money , it would really hurt the economy to take it out . 
  government bonds also provide fairly safe investment options for pension funds and the like . 
  people here have relatively large pension funds and mortgages and having a safe place to park money helps with that . 
  and cheap credit helps you do things that need to be done while keeping the money in the economy . 
  china is already failing and has very little influence in the world compared to their size . 
  their stock market just dropped 30 % out of nowhere and they have a demographic crisis . 
  they also have very little cultural impact around the world . 
  the eu could n't even prevent ukraine from completely falling apart and the reaction has been pretty unimpressive . 
  i do n't see much desire for unity , people still regard each other as foreigners . 
  in the netherlands the distinction seems to be mostly whether they live in trailer parks or not . 
  there are kampers ( similar to the irish travellers , ethnic dutch people who live in trailer parks ) and zigeuners ( roma and sinti people ) , but i do n't think most people know the difference . 
  it 's basically if your house has wheels people are less likely to trust you . 
  the trailer parks have a reputation for crime , at least that is how people view them . 
  why would greece going broke throw them out of nato ? 
  it 's not a really dangerous region anyway . 
  i do n't feel that the fault is all with the greeks or syriza btw , it 's just that it 's not politically feasible for many countries to send money to greece . 
  the dutch pm had to tell everyone he broke his election promise today , the `` no more money for greece '' was basically his whole platform . 
  the current generation of politicians can not give greece a good deal because they were voted in to do the opposite . 
  it 's stupid , but that 's how it is . 
  of course economists know that greece needs debt relief but the average citizen sees it as a moral issue of hard-working germans vs lazy greeks which is obviously nonsense . 
  the greeks have had some shitty governments though , this time they managed to antagonise pretty much everyone . 
  how would people be in a single country ? 
  they do n't have the same language or culture , their economies are not on the same level at all , what would even be the basis of being a single country ? 
  people already mistrust the eu , any talk of a single country will likely lead to countries wanting out . 
  i do n't think there ever really was a union . 
  i 'm just speaking from a dutch perspective but i do n't think people here `` feel '' european , and the way they speek of greeks or romanians makes it pretty clear they do n't identify with them . 
  i did n't even know i lived in the eu until i was nearly an adult . 
  the eu is something that just happened . 
  perhaps the eurozone should have been an elite club of rich nations . 
  if it only had countries like germany + austria + the netherlands they would be doing fine as these countries have economies that are competitive . 
  let the poor countries have their own currency or a shared cheap-euro or something . 
  the us only cares about countries such as greece and turkey for their own defense interests viewed through a cold war lens . 
  if the us really cares so much , they can settle greece 's debt . 
  i do n't think anyone cares where the money comes from anymore . 
  it would be fun to see the americans prop up the near-commie syriza government . 
  the transatlantic alliance is n't crumbling btw . 
  greece wo n't be kicked out of nato regardless of what happens with their debt . 
  but devaluation is really the only way to make wages go down , which is what is needed ( sadly ) . 
  like never getting access to the financial markets ever again , until the debt to the imf is paid . 
  maybe officially , but the point of nukes is that you let everyone know you have them , otherwise there would n't be a deterrent effect . 
  if they have the samson option , they have to have nukes for it to work , or at least have the appearance they have nukes . 
  by having nukes you it make impossible for someone to invade and survive . 
  ukraine gave up the soviet nukes , look where they are now . 
  besides , why would you want to duke it out on a ground war on your own soil ? 
  by having nukes no one would ever dare to invade , and if they do it 's their loss . 
  just the script , they already had their language . 
  build some nukes . 
  the population is too small to make conventional warfare on something like russia . 
  i like true finns , it sounds like a certain fallacy . 
  that is true . 
  source : i am dutch . 
  ah , i did n't know that . 
  the difference is fairly small then . 
  i only need to drive 100km north , east or south to meet people i ca n't understand , probably less . 
  people in the netherlands came from at least three different but related tribes , the franks , the saxons and the frisians . 
  their somewhat related languages have influenced each other but there are very strong regional differences . 
  modern dutch comes from old frankish and is mostly spoken in the west and south , while the dialects of the east and north have more in common with low saxon similar spoken to the dialects of northern germany . 
  there is also the province of friesland where they speak frisian , but everyone is bilingual in dutch ( the road sings and place names are bilingual ) . 
  i think it 's mostly a dialect continuum where everyone can understand the people from the next town if they speak in their dialect , but if you travel further people will need to speak standard dutch ( and almost everyone does , except for a few old people and yokels ) . 
  the people who ca n't or wo n't speak standard dutch are subtitled on tv . 
  ah , i could see how a unification could potentially lead to a ukraine-situation . 
  it 's a more dangerous place than for example the flemish talking of breaking up belgium or even uniting with the netherlands as the countries around us would n't give a shit . 
  interesting . 
  i vaguely knew where those regions are as i played a lot of the paradox entertainment games such as europa universalis 2 . 
  is reunification with moldova in the cards ? 
  from what i hear that is the poorest region of europe . 
  they also use cyrillic and moldavian is considered a seperate language , but that may just be because there 's a national border that says so . 
  there is also a standard language in the netherlands , but there is little dutch nationalism and more regional pride which ( i think ) causes people to deliberately keep their local dialect/language . 
  perhaps there was more romanian nationalism in romania than regional , inspired by asserting independence from surrounding countries such as the ottoman , austrian and russian empires ? 
  there are n't that many medieval documents in old dutch , people wrote in latin . 
  but the ones that there are are pretty much unreadable without explanation , also because there was no standard spelling at all .
