  on the other hand , the scandinavian countries are very free market-oriented , but also have a strong social safety net , so they are capitalists , but with a mixed economy . 
  a nice case is korea , where you have one people divided in two by ` capitalism ' and ` communism ' . 
  of course neither is the ` pure ' version , but it 's clear which one is doing better . 
  but yeah , venezuela also is n't really a good example of socialism either . 
  it would be interesting to see how cuba would have turned out without the sanctions . 
  it 's sad that the cold war messed things up for them , otherwise they might be the poster boy for the commies . 
  i myself am more or less a believer in what they are doing in the countries around the north sea . 
  the scandinavians/fins seem to be doing well , and then there is the rhineland model in germany and a similar thing in the netherlands , the third way and the poldermodel . 
  i 'm not a fan of communism , but we should n't forget that the when the tsar was overthrown and the soviets came to power , russia was very backwards and barely industrialised , while britain and the us were extremely advanced at the time . 
  and yet the soviets managed to put up a pretty good fight in ww2 , and not long after they took a headstart in the space race with sputnik and yuri gagarin . 
  perhaps people would look at the soviet union in a different manner if it had n't been for cruel people such as stalin , and mass disappearances . 
  oh yes , german grammar will certainly be a challenge . 
  to actually use the cases correctly in a sentence ( on the fly ) will take an enormous amount of practice and use . 
  there are 4 cases and 3 genders + plural , which makes for 16 possible combinations . 
  and it 's not just the ( in ) definite particle that gets changed by it , but also any adjectives . 
  it is * das fiktive kontinent * , but you can see how everything changes because of its function in the sentence . 
  i had years of german in school but i never got to the level of using these correctly without a lot of thinking about them , not nearly fast enough for speech . 
  of course , language learning in secondary school is n't the best way to go about it . 
  once you got the basics down , i would try to get as much immersion as possible . 
  listen to german music , read german news , watch german movies , talk to the speakers you know . 
  when i speak my immensely crappy german i just mumble der/dem/den when i do n't know , because they know i 'm a foreigner anyway . 
  when learning vocabulary , i would learn the definite article as part of it , and also the plural , because the plurals are extremely irregular . 
  so learn :  der mann , die m\u00e4nner  die frau , die frauen  das kind , die kinder  das m\u00e4dchen , die m\u00e4del ( although m\u00e4dchen is technically a diminutive , which is why it ends on - chen , and diminutives are always neuter ) i 've also had a bit of spanish in school , but i only remember the very basics and ca n't really understand it beyond the most simple phrases . 
  i do remember that the language was fairly regular . 
  i find that the european spanish talk really fast and often have little stress in their words , which makes it hard to hear when a new word begins . 
  same thing with french . 
  i think that for english speakers , spanish is usually considered easier to learn than german . 
  if you get discouraged , just know that are languages that are much , much harder for native english speakers than german , such as finnish , arabic or chinese . 
  and because of the case system you really get to think about how sentences are structured , because you need to figure out for every noun what its function is in a sentence . 
  dutch has mostly done away with the case system , and it has only two genders in practice , masculine and neuter . 
  technically there are still feminine words but the distinction is lost . 
  english has also lost gender . 
  when people refer to a ship as ` her ' that is probably a later invention after gender was lost , because in other germanic languages ships are neuter . 
  old english also had a case system similar to german , which allows a freeer word order ( ideal for poetry ) . 
  another important thing when learning a language : you need to keep using it occasionally , or you will forget . 
  people can even unlearn their native language to a degree . 
  just watch a german movie every once in a while , or read something in german . 
  you also need to keep doing this for spanish . 
  i was pretty good at french in school but i 've forgotten a lot of it , because i have n't used it for some 15 years . 
  there are no voter id cards in the netherlands , and you do n't need to register . 
  when there are elections you receive an invitation in the mail . 
  you show up with your invitation and a valid id , and you are allowed to vote . 
  i only have an id card and driver 's license because i see no need for a passport . 
  my id card allows me to travel : all of the eu , andorra , liechtenstein , monaco , norway , san marino , turkey , iceland and switzerland . 
  so i would only need a passport to leave europe basically . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/french_foreign_legion they have a reputation for extremely tough training . 
  if you ca n't name a food that 's on your plate in french , you wo n't eat . 
  and for boot camp you 'll be sent to some place in africa . 
  you are required to serve for 5 years and can receive citizenship after 3 . 
  if you have jewish ancestry you may qualify to join the armed forces of israel . 
  i also read that russia may take in foreigners in the army , but only if they speak good russian . 
  here is a list on wikipedia : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_militaries_that_recruit_foreigners i just saw on that list that bahrain accepts foreigners who are sunni muslims . 
  keep in mind that serving in one military may disqualify you from ever serving in the military of another country . 
  it all seems pretty difficult . 
  perhaps you could work for the usaf in a civilian position ? 
  they need people to do administrative work , building maintenance , mechanics , supply maintenance and so on . 
  oh , i found a website on how to join the french foreign legion ( legion \u00c9trang\u00e8re ) . 
  the official website is all in french ( of course ) : http://foreignlegion.info/joining/ not sure it 's a great idea though , the foreign legion is known as a pretty tough place . 
  they do have a paratrooper unit but no air force . 
  if that is the case , it will probably prevent him from joining other militaries as well . 
  at least the armed forces of advanced countries . 
  if you have european ancestry , you might check if you could get citizenship that way . 
  some countries are n't very strict , others require that your parent is a citizen or something like that . 
  btw , if you get citizenship of one eu country you are allowed to live/work in the whole schengen area , but i do n't think it will allow you in the military of other countries . 
  not sure though . 
  also , if you have a really fancy degree you could be sponsored for a work visa , and you may eventually become a citizen of that country , but that would all take years . 
  i completely disagree with henk . 
  of course german would be more useful since it has more speakers , but if the only thing you were looking for was number of speakers you should learn chinese , bengali , indonesian , hindi/urdu and so on . 
  but bengali is fairly useless if you never go to bangladesh , and probably essential if you do . 
  now if you learn german , it will be a fairly small step to learn dutch . 
  german university students in the netherlands learn the language during the holidays before the university starts with the new year . 
  they get to a fairly decent level because they need to be able to follow their courses in dutch . 
  it 's a common stereotype that dutch people warn others not to learn dutch because it 's useless . 
  most other ` small ' languages do n't act this way , people love it when others learn frisian or welsh or basque ( even though literally all of those people also speak the majority language of their countries , dutch , english and spanish ) . 
  but dutch is spoken as a first language by 22 million people , and afrikaans ( mutually intelligible ) has another 16 million . 
  almost everyone will also speak english though . 
  but if you are doing it out of interest that does n't matter much . 
  aside from practical use if you go by number of speakers , also take into account how hard it would be for you specifically to learn the language . 
  with the languages you already know , learning italian or french would not be very hard , but learning chinese or arabic would be extremely hard . 
  on the other hand , malaysian/indonesian is supposed to be a very easy language to learn and has 200 + million speakers ( and is in the same language family as the languages of the phillippines and many of the pacific islands ) . 
  but if it 's mostly out of interest in languages , then the number of speakers does n't really matter except for how much learning material and media are available . 
  you could ask if they would speak dutch if you want to learn . 
  also , often older people are less likely to speak english well . 
  it is something that may be hard to notice in yourself though . 
  if you are unfamiliar with a sound , you will ` match ' it with one that is closest to it in your native language . 
  it 's a common problem with foreigners speaking dutch , as dutch has a lot of vowels and diphtongs that are fairly close together . 
  if a non-native speaker does n't really distinguish between them they are hard to understand . 
  dutch and danish sound very mumbly because of all the weird vowels and diphtongs . 
  i noticed you said in another post that german could be a gateway in dutch . 
  that is true as the languages are very similar , but there are some important differences . 
  in writing for example . 
  the word * waanzin * ( dutch ) and * wahnsin * ( deutsch ) are pronounced the same way , but look different because of the writing system . 
  in dutch you get a long a by doubling it , aa , while in german they put an h after it . 
  the s in that german word is pronuounced z. 
  the germans use z for a ` ts ' sound , while in dutch it 's just a z. 
  the spelling of both languages is fairly phonetic and consistent though , once you know the rules . 
  that is because for dutch there is a spelling update every few decades , while that does n't really happen for english and french . 
  i feel dutch also has slightly simpler grammar , as it has mostly lost the case system . 
  german has 4 cases and 3 genders . 
  dutch and german are essentially the standardised versions of a single dialect continuum .
