  i think heineken is another example . 
  beer brands in the netherlands are also partly a regional thing , for example in the eastern parts grolsch is very popular . 
  one of my favourites is gulpener , but it is not that common even here so i do n't know whether it is sold in the us at all . 
  another one is one of their special beers , gulpener korenwolf , which is a flavoured wheat beer . 
  another nice one is palm , from belgium . 
  or la chouffe , it has a gnome on the label . 
  yup . 
  the netherlands was originally a part of the holy roman empire ( the german empire ) , and that ended up in the hands of the habsburgs of austria . 
  the habsburg family also inherited lands in eastern france and in spain . 
  charles v ruled many different lands in europe , and often with different laws and a somewhat independent nobility . 
  then the protestant reformation took place and the habsburgers were staunch catholics . 
  in the netherlands there was the beeldenstorm , an assault on catholic imagery by calvinists . 
  the duke of alva was sent to bring back order , but matters only became worse . 
  in the end the aristocracy of the netherlands proclaimed their independence in the act of abjuration , which was very specific in that it was not a rebellion against the king of spain , but that the king had abandoned them by not respecting their rights . 
  even today it is in the anthem : * de koning van hispanje heb ik altijd ge\u00eberd * , `` i have always honoured the king of spain '' . 
  the current royal house comes from the same noble family that led the uprising , starting with william of orange . 
  the country became the republic of the seven provinces , and it was only after the defeat of napoleon that it became a kingdom . 
  i ca n't accurately pinpoint some of these dates but one of them must be the discovery and settlement of iceland , one is about the creation of the althing , one is the cod wars , one is the allied occupation of iceland during ww2 , and one is the financial crisis . 
  there is probably some bit about strife with the king of norway or something . 
  and now i 've exhausted my knowledge about iceland , 
  his name seems to mean elf-counsel . 
  so better listen to elf-counsel if you want to make britain great again . 
  that started in 1568 and was ended in 1648 with the peace of westphalia , and that period was the eighty years ' war . 
  that peace treaty of 1648 also marked the end of the thirty years ' war which was sort of the tail end of the 80 years ' one . 
  there were actually people who fled * to * the netherlands while they were at war , because the thirty years ' war seemed worse to them . 
  onslow ? 
  is it you ? 
  well , all those introverted finns were n't too shy to fire a gun during the winter war and they invented the molotov cocktail . 
  and when you look at their mythology ... they only commit suicide because they ran out of other people to kill . 
  i thought they were taken into the woods and shot ? 
  especially considering they are full of discarded bicycles and other junk . 
  our former president of the national bank walks with a limp . 
  why ? 
  because when he was a student he jumped into a canal after an evening of drinking and he got seriously injured in the leg . 
  sounds like the norm in france , they are known for going on strike and having riots . 
  stuck in the 60s and 70s i guess , it all looks very old-fashioned to me . 
  now they have a leftist president and they still riot . 
  now that there are shortages of petrol in many places they have descended into banana republic status . 
  no reason to allow that to happen , just get some other people to refill them . 
  it 's not like there 's a shortage of people looking for jobs . 
  i feel the same way . 
  i think i am a nationalist in the same way : no hate for the rest of the world , but i think the west is one of the greatest civilisations so far . 
  then perhaps the people are idiots , 
  because of a shitty voting system . 
  a ` majority ' is 38 % of the votes . 
  ( it is elsschot , with double ss btw ), 
  the dutch translations are actually quite good in my opinion ( although jrrt thought otherwise ) , but i prefer the original english versions . 
  a crazy heretic that got himself killed , a murderous and horny warlord , a rogue prince , a bunch of old myths , and the leader of an organisation involved in the cover-up of decades of child abuse . 
  and all of them base their authority on divine revelation ( which is beyond anyone 's ability to double-check ) , and not actual real world facts . 
  and of course all their worldviews are opposed , they can not all be true . 
  surely there are greater people , depending on your preference . 
  david hume , who inspired the founding of modern science and critical thinking , or important sociologists such as max weber and karl marx , or great ( but not certainly not perfect ) leaders such as sir winston . 
  i think invoking any of those figures would make you a bit too religious for the mainstream politics here , as people generally do n't take religious seriously at all . 
  there is a small party though , the christian union , who are fairly leftist but also have religious values ( against abortion in most cases , for example ) . 
  they are mostly christians who are strong supporters of the welfare state . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/christian_union_ ( netherlands ) here is a list of political parties in the netherlands : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_political_parties_in_the_netherlands other parties that might interest you are pvda ( labour ) , greenleft , sp , and d66 . 
  cda is the mainstream centrist ` christian ' party . 
  another thing is that some issues that left-right in the us are not left-right in the netherlands . 
  guns are n't on the political agenda at all , and neither is abortion . 
  it 's just not something that comes up . 
  the major themes are immigration , pro or anti-eu sentiment , the eurocrisis , the lack of money for healthcare , pension cuts , things like that . 
  of course they would have completely different issues on the political agenda in other european countries , such as the ones in the east having to deal with a more aggressive russia . 
  for example , in the netherlands gun ownership is n't an issue and it is certainly not a left vs right thing . 
  it 's an issue in the us because it is a very popular hobby and many people have guns , in the netherlands there are just a handful of hunters and target shooters but otherwise no one cares about guns . 
  what 's the use of people like kim davis ? 
  if you work for the govenment , you should treat everyone equally . 
  you ca n't decide for yourself whether you want to marry gay people , blacks , jews , asians , disabled people , or whatever . 
  just do your job or get another one . 
  i feel that churches should be free to decide who they give marriage ceremonies , but the government should treat everyone equally . 
  they should not employ bigots when that interferes with their job . 
  this goes both ways in my opinion : citizens also can not demand a clerk of a certain sexuality , race or religion . 
  and i think all religion is shit , both the ones of immigrants and the native ones . 
  unless they find proof that their religion is the true one . 
  i think in the netherlands you would be vaguely left, 
  i like it . 
  you can pass a lot of time by picking up a hobby such as smoking or drinking . 
  people have a coffee in the morning , roll a cigarette , smoke , roll another one , go make another cup of coffee , roll another cig , have lunch , get a glass of wine and keep rolling cigs till it 's dinner time , then they have dinner , then they visit their friends to roll some more cigs and have a few more glasses of wine . 
  if they can still find the time between all the smoking , drinking and eating , they might read the newspaper in the morning and watch the news in the evening . 
  i 'm not so sure about some of those . 
  efficiency ? 
  americans work long hours and yet there is a huge trade deficit . 
  germans work fewer hours and have more holidays yet they also have a huge trade surplus . 
  i think doing things efficiently is more of a european thing : let 's get this shit done quickly so we can all go home early . 
  i remember seeing an american store where they had a greeter by the door who did nothing at all , and they had people packing customer 's groceries . 
  that 's not efficient , that 's two people you can get rid of and no one would notice . 
  the supermarket near me has a self-service checkouts where you scan your own groceries and pay for them without another person being there . 
  i feel that in europe it is mostly the opposite : you work just enough so you can live from the money , or you try to get rich so you can stop working at all . 
  lots of people are downvoting you for no reason . 
  i guess that is what some people use their free time for . 
  anyway , i feel that pretty much have the opposite personality . 
  i really like when i do n't have to do anything in a day and i can just sit around , read a book , have a beer , or visit friends . 
  i 'm only restless when i have to do things , i 'm not restless when i have a completely empty agenda for the week . 
  we just had a string of holidays in the netherlands which i think is the best time of the year , with some very meaningful ones : remembrance day and liberation day . 
  a lot of people do sports . 
  i often see cyclists of the sporty kind pass by . 
  when the weather is good i hear a lot of people on motorbikes drive by . 
  some people do quite a bit of gardening , there are some elderly people on the other side of the street and they are busy with their garden nearly every day . 
  and yes , we are the real west germany . 
  little west germany , but still . 
  it depends on the country .
