  at least that is how i understand it . 
  the population does n't really care about it . 
  the government made it illegal a few years ago , but does n't actively do anything about it . 
  it 's not really on the political agenda . 
  i think that the main problem is that the political system is fairly old-fashioned , with first past the post voting and all . 
  i was clearly ahead of its time when the us was founded . 
  but people often think of the us as a young country : it really is n't . 
  together with britain , they have some of the oldest continuous governments . 
  take france for example , they are on their fifth republic , giving them lots of chances to come up with a new constitution or style of government . 
  in that way the us is far older than france . 
  many other countries have had revolutions or were founded by seperating from another country , and they had the benefit of founding a more modern government . 
  get proportional voting instead of fptp . 
  fptp just leads to two parties dominating , and often converging on issues to get the voters who are in between . 
  here in the netherlands we have proportional voting , and it leads to no party having a majority , which means that at least one other party gets to have political power as well . 
  the way it looks after the national election of a week ago , there will be at least 4 different parties that form the government coalition , and another 8 ( or so ) parties that will form the opposition . 
  and once the government loses a majority , there will be new elections . 
  it really surprises me that there is so little demand for election reform in both the us and the uk . 
  why does the winner ( trump ) have fewer votes than the ` loser ' ? 
  i know why , but it 's ridiculous . 
  and why did two pretty bad canditates pop up ? 
  there just was n't too much to choose from , and both are essentially old establishment figures . 
  it was the same story in britain where cameron could rule by himself with just 37 % of the vote . 
  nearly every website is in some kind of information bubble because it attracts a certain audience . 
  most reddit subs for example also have a younger and more progressive audience than the average citizen for example . 
  recent example : / r/thenetherlands had a very different result in their ` election ' than the actual election . 
  anyway , if you want to change your name you might want to look into before you move : some countries do n't really allow you to do that unless you have a really good reason . 
  and in the netherlands you are not allowed to change your family name to an already existing family name . 
  there was an iranian refugee who ran into that problem , but he really wanted a dutch name so he took two very dutch words : * terp * - artificial mound people historically built their houses on to protect against floods , and * huis * , meaning house : he is now called sander terphuis , with sander being a version of alexander . 
  both terp/huis are common elements in the name , but this combination did not yet exists , and it sounds like one of the most dutch names aside from jan jansen . 
  aladdin is quite a cool name though . 
  most people would associate it not with the current situation in the middle-east , but with the arabian nights story ( where aladdin is actually from china ) or the disney movie . 
  i think it 's far more important how you look and act . 
  you sound like an academic or a business professional ( otherwise you would n't have gotten a job in norway ) , so you probably already know this , but just dress professionally or like the locals . 
  i think norway is pretty informal at times . 
  on the other hand , there are a bunch of people in my neighbourhood who dress in long robes , with the long beard and trimmed mustache , the ultra-conservative religious look . 
  that wo n't make any friends here obviously . 
  not suggesting that you look like that , as the people i described sound like the people you want to get away from ( or at least from their more violent bros ) . 
  it was in the international court of justice in the hague , in the netherlands . 
  it was on the news here quite a bit , as we had srebrenica , and one of the governments fell because of that . 
  of course the court is n't dutch in any way , but the issue of the breakup of yugoslavia still has painful moments here . 
  erdogan recently claimed that the dutch military killed the people of srebrenica , which is false . 
  i think it 's more that are differences between how people ( both men and women ) care about their appearance , and their fashion sense . 
  i 've heard from foreigners that people in the netherlands often look a bit lazy , low-maintenance about their appearance . 
  haha !, 
  sherlock wo n't help you blend in in norway . 
  you need something more like harald or johan i think , if you want to change your name . 
  and if it 's important to you : in most european languages there are names from the bible that are similar to arabic names . 
  jacob , abraham , johannes ( ioannes ) , that are also used by christians and muslims in the middle-east . 
  i was somewhat surprised to meet a yohannes from egypt , when johannes ( pronounced the same way ) is a very common name in the netherlands and northern europe . 
  that way you 'd have a name that 's ` useful ' in all places where abrahamic religions are common . 
  i think that 's better than using a name from a book . 
  i knew someone named frodo , after the lord of the rings character . 
  not a bad name , and it was used in the middle-ages , but a bit strange today . 
  i also noticed they walk a lot slower than the locals , took me a while to realise it was mostly because they were far shorter . 
  quite often . 
  there 5 asian restaurants here within walking distance , run by asians , and a bunch of other stores here also run by chinese . 
  there is a large indonesian and chinese minority here . 
  and there are the indo people , people of mixed dutch-indonesian descent . 
  the most famous of these are maybe the guys from van halen . 
  and if you count turks as asians , then i see even more , as they are one of the largest minorities in the country . 
  it 's also interesting how people in times when they ca n't afford much meat looked for cheap sources of protein . 
  in the americas they had rice and beans ( as beans are rich in protein ) , the militaries around the world also used beans a lot such as navy beans or brown beans , as they are pre-cooked and canned and will keep forever , and can be eaten cold , and are very healthy . 
  in indonesia they use peanuts and peanut sauces everywhere , and eggs as well . 
  of course asia had the luck of having lots of spices so you could make anything taste nice . 
  and how methods of preservation have affected dishes : in indonesia they boiled bits of beef in coconut milk until they were dried out , so you end up with a dry but flavourful bit of beef ( modern rendang is more soggy ) . 
  and of course salted or fermented fish that 's common in europe . 
  also interesting how it 's theorised that the indo-europeans came to europe from the steppes of southern russia were taller than the european natives at the time because they were nomadic pastoralists that lived on cattle , horses and cows and such , and thus got a lot of protein , while large parts of europe were more agrarian and ate mostly grain products . 
  i think especially in northern europe , people generally do not have casual conversations with strangers . 
  if someone approaches me , it 's usually because they are a bum that wants money , or one of the many collectors for charity ( sorry , i do n't have money to spare for the 1000s of charities ) or in rare cases someone selling drugs . 
  it 's often easiest to ignore them , because once you start a conversation they 'll just keep pushing . 
  and people like their personal space as well . 
  here is a funny picture from finland . 
  these people are waiting at the bus stop , and stand apart from each other : https://finnishcrashcourse.files.wordpress.com/2016/02/fpv0whf.jpg, 
  historically , and in some places today , one of the main binding factors was language . 
  the germanic tribes were not united politically , and nationalism did not yet exist , but they recognised each other as speaking a similar language . 
  the holy roman empire ( german empire basically ) was mostly an area where german-speakers lived , although they spoke varied and often mutually unintelligible dialects of german . 
  in slavic languages , germanic speakers were often called niemcy or a variety of that , and it means ` mute ' , as they could n't understand them . 
  likewise , in germanic languages they called people with another language ( mostly celtic or latin ) ` foreigners ' , or walhaz/walhisk . 
  these resulted in the names of wales ( they call themselves cymru in welsh ) and wallonia , the french-speaking region of belgium . 
  so language was a major determinant in whether you belonged to a certain people . 
  after a lot of wars and suffering most countries in europe fell apart ( or formed ) countries based on ethnicity , mostly meaning language , as people in europe look pretty much the same and often share similar background or culture . 
  a literal translation would be `` reason for/of being '' , or `` reason to be '' . 
  ebola !, 
  people generally do n't expect tourists to speak their language , as it 's pretty much impossible to learn one in a short time without extensive contact with the local culture or media . 
  you can certainly get by with english in the netherlands , especially in the big cities . 
  in the netherlands , most people speak basic english , and are used to seeing non-white people . 
  a lot of the people of african descent here are from the caribbean or suriname , and there are also more recent african immigrants . 
  people might make some political jabs about the donald or something , but i would n't expect anything nasty . 
  you could still buy a small amount and smoke in amsterdam , or elsewhere in the netherlands . 
  and where are you going to smoke it in germany ? 
  you can not smoke in public there , and if you do it in secret you 'll obviously smell of weed ( and even worse if you do it in the car ) . 
  and in france they are really strict as far as i know , and if you cross the border you 'll get in trouble for two crimes : possession , and drug smuggling . 
  so i absolutely would not take any into france . 
  in the netherlands you can buy up to 5g per person , but that 's quite a lot if you two are only there for two days , as many of the weed strains here are quite strong in thc content . 
  you can mostly smoke in public , within reason , but not inside public buildings or restaurants , because of the smoking ban . 
  pot stores generally have a section where you buy weed/hashis/prerolled stuff , and another smoking section , often with music and board games such as chess . 
  somehow i a lot of the stoners there play either chess or backgammon . 
  they usually also sell coffee and sodas or sometimes food , but alcohol is strictly banned by law in most pot stores . 
  do n't take any with you inside the store . 
  and ask the airbnb guy where a good pot store is , he probably gets asked every day .
