  `` mistaken for holland '' . 
  that is a nice way to phrase it . 
  does anyone actually take the man seriously ? 
  it 's the future ... 
  i see . . 
  i see ... 
  i see an election victory for the tories . 
  the problem here is of course that the palestinian authority has nothing to offer israel . 
  there really is no reason for israel to negotiate as they already control their land and can do what they want because militarily they are so much more powerful . 
  oh , geert wilders will find a way . 
  well , the students have to pay back the money they use for their studies so it 's not a free for all where nobody cares . 
  it 's pretty shitty to go into debt and not get a degree . 
  so yes , you can sit on your ass for 5 years but then you 'll have no degree and need to pay back some 30k or whatever . 
  and i think that welding and accounting are fairly profitable careers here . 
  i know that welders are paid very well , and i guess the same is true for accountants . 
  btw , not anyone can get into university as there is a tiered secondary school system : you have to complete vwo ( the highest tier ) to be accepted into college/university . 
  when people enter secondary school they are split up according to ability , vmbo / havo / vwo . 
  you can switch between tiers if you get really good ( or bad ) grades . 
  i do think there is a problem of people doing university courses with bad job prospects , such as psychology or history . 
  but it 's not that the cost of college/uni is actually just 1800 , but that is what the student pays and the government supplies the rest of the money . 
  i think the actual cost is closer to 10k a year on average , but the student only pays 1800 ( if they are eu citizens , otherwise they pay full price ) . 
  i do n't think it matters that much that the lucky few can attend schools that charge 100k a year , as long as the average person can get a good quality education without ending up with huge debt . 
  then the government should set prices . 
  in the netherlands college/university is about 1800 a year and you can get a loan from the government at very low interest . 
  the us has a higher gdp per capita so there is no reason they could n't do it . 
  i think there were also two seperate tribes called croats , and the frisians ( who are missing , should be near the north sea during this time ) also possibly had two seperate peoples called frisian , the old frisians and , well , the frisians . 
  that may be because the english name does n't have the same meaning . 
  austria is faux-latin for south-something , in the same way they named australia , because it is in the south . 
  in other languages the meaning is left intact , eastern realm . 
  the area was called that long before the habsburgs , as was said already because it was the eastern part of where german peoples lived . 
  without nukes stalin would probably have rolled over all of defenseless europe when ww2 ended . 
  yeah , i do n't really have a high opinion of most of our politicians ( or the people who vote for them ) . 
  but in what way could the us easily solve the refugee crisis ? 
  that actually makes a lot of sense . 
  when the ` enemy ' knows you are willing to go down with the ship they ca n't do anything . 
  and they can control their own currency . 
  right now the european central bank is destroying our pension funds , as those funds are based on the interest , and there is nothing we as a country can do about it . 
  bu i do n't understand why . 
  it seems like a good way to prevent war . 
  lots of people get killed by rifles and other conventional weapons , but almost none by nukes . 
  but the situation today is even better . 
  `` we did n't nearly spend our 2 % , but we 'll still tell you to stfu '' . 
  well , it is telling that the countries that remained outside of the eu and the euro are so much wealthier than the others . 
  especially when politicians are babbling all the time about how the eu is the basis of our wealth , as if we had to eat shit before joining the eu , and how it prevents war in europe ( it does n't ) . 
  of course there is also luxembourg . 
  except the eu is not a country . 
  it 's just a bunch of states . 
  i doubt they could agree on when to deploy the military . 
  are you saying * we * got the americans by the balls ? 
  they ca n't leave because it will hurt their interests , so instead we get a free ride . 
  if the americans announced they would be reducing their presence in europe over the next 10 years or so , it would give europe enough time to respond . 
  yes , i do n't understand this at all . 
  the technology is there , why are most eu countries non-nuclear ? 
  that would be the easiest means of defense for small countries , the nuclear threat . 
  this would discourage war instead of resulting into an actual ground war where people get killed . 
  and if anyone dares to attack , cry havoc !, 
  and set loose nuclear hell . 
  that would be fairly unpopular as it would mean even more budget cuts on things like healthcare or education . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  then why not just build nuclear weapons ? 
  that way russia would n't dare to invade . 
  and it 's probably not that expensive compared to the whole military spending . 
  you do n't want a conventional war anyway as we 've seen how that went in ww2 . 
  well , that 's not really doing much . 
  and it is harming us as well . 
  i do n't think trying to destabilise russia is a good idea . 
  if putin has to leave due to economic troubles , who knows what madman will be next ? 
  i 'm afraid it will be very much worse . 
  and in the case of georgia bits have been occupied since 2008 or so . 
  it 's just become the new status quo , and international law has n't helped . 
  you actually need people to enforce it by staging a military intervention . 
  the west could easily roflstomp the russian forces in georgia or ukraine but they just do n't care enough to enforce international law . 
  russia does n't even have the gdp of italy , they are fairly irrelevant economically anyway . 
  but it all depends on there being someone around to enforce it . 
  if the germans tore up their constitution and wrote a new one , that would be the new law of the land . 
  and where was the international law when russia took bits of land from ukraine and georgia ? 
  it 's a bit like saying that weed is legal in the netherlands . 
  it is is n't , the law is just unenforced . 
  since forever . 
  in dutch it 's tsjechi\u00eb , similar to the - ia ending in other languages . 
  i think czechland would also be nice , 
  if you abolish the death penalty you might even join the glorious eu !, 
  we love the colonies here . 
  what does population have to do with that ? 
  switzerland is also not part of the eu but doing very well economically . 
  and the scandinavian countries are not socialist , they are very much free-market but with a social safety net . 
  nothing even close to socialism . 
  well , if dutch people abroad were possibly discriminated against i would want the dutch government to monitor that as well . 
  i do think that governments should also look at how their people are doing abroad . 
  i just think the insults against the state/head of state are irrelevant . 
  i 'm not so sure about the vowel sounds , it probably depends on whether you include the diphtongs . 
  there are a lot of ways to pronounce r and g in dutch . 
  for some accents/dialects that have the guttural french r it sounds like i how pronounce g. 
  that may be true . 
  i think the turkish government is doing the right thing if they are just looking out for discrimination against turks in general , but not if they also mean the the state and the head of government . 
  yes , insults to turks in general are likely illegal in the netherlands , but saying shit about turkey is not . 
  insulting friendly heads of state currently is illegal , but the tweede kamer wants to get rid of that as well . 
  the turkish state , not the local turks . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's ok to shit on other countries . 
  the same thing happens with many immigrants .
