  they have all been invaded or occupied by russia at some time . 
  having nukes would make any rational person reconsider trying anything stupid . 
  it 's not that likely that conventional armies can hold back a serious invasion , and i 'm not too sure you can count on western europe either . 
  they betrayed central and eastern europe before twice . 
  this is something i really do n't understand . 
  as far as i know assange is not a us citizen , so he has n't actually betrayed anyone . 
  what is this europe you speak of ? 
  the russians are in no way able to pull off a successful invasion of europe , even if the americans would pull out , unless they are willing to risk nuclear war . 
  still , if i were the leader of germany or poland i would prioritise getting some nukes and telling the rest of the world all about it . 
  yup . 
  i do n't think a eu army and federalisation is what most people want . 
  i feel it 's more the opposite . 
  greece can already cut military spending , but that will lead to more unemployment as well , so it is n't all easy and good . 
  then i have no idea why the french are having more children than the germans . 
  i guess children are inefficient to the german mind . 
  i 'm dutch and the only way i would even consider having children is if the government gave me a million euros up front . 
  but it does n't feel that way because people are spread out so much . 
  london looks awful to me with ridiculous congestion , while i do n't really get that feeling of being crowded here . 
  they are trying to improve their soccer game , so they are making small improvements . 
  they will one day make it into the civilised world . 
  well , i think it is more that the us is overspending on the military . 
  they should spend the money on their infrastructure , healthcare and education . 
  europe is full of nukes anyway so it 's not like russia is going to invade any nato members . 
  the us is the odd one out here , spending way too much . 
  yeah , there is some really backwards thinking in germany about anything nuclear . 
  i really do n't get it , they seem pretty smart about other things . 
  and people would not stop speaking their native language anyway . 
  and why should they ? 
  i do n't see europe heading that way at all . 
  there is a lot of resentment to the eu as it is , making it more unified would n't fly i think . 
  the american dream is n't real , the us does n't have higher social mobility than most places in europe . 
  of course there are a few startup millionaires that got rich quick , but those are the exceptions . 
  you can also get rich quick in russia or china , does n't mean that most people do and it 's not actually a sign of a good economy or social mobility at all . 
  i thought ttip was n't going to make it ? 
  from what i hear just about everyone is opposed to it except the us government . 
  there is also the moravian church that played a somewhat important role in czech politics in the 1400s . 
  i do n't see india as culturally western though , while russia is culturally european . 
  the us should join the eu !, 
  they are practically europeans anyway . 
  most of the continent is n't as centralised as england , which is centered on london to a ridiculous degree . 
  germany is the complete opposite , everything is pretty much spread out evenly . 
  there is n't even a city with 1 million in the netherlands . 
  except it is n't in the news a lot . 
  most of it focused on national politics , not european ones . 
  it 's been a bit different lately with the greece thing but otherwise people look to their own capital . 
  because people often self-identify or are identified as being of a different ethnicity . 
  it is the perception that matters . 
  japanese people would `` know '' that i am not ethnic japanese even if i learned the language and adopted their customs . 
  i think he means the immigrants already there have a higher birth rate than the natives . 
  if the channel was n't there the germans would have blitzed over britain too . 
  good thing the brits never gave up . 
  they just figured that no one would risk nuclear war over crimea , and so far they were right . 
  if no one is willing to fight for the land , why not take it ? 
  people in europe are pretty much dependent on russia for oil and natural gas , so do n't expect too much . 
  this was how it was in the netherlands just before ww2 , people were mostly anti-military . 
  a few years later nazi germany steamrolled us . 
  why is britain so much more attractive to immigrants/refugees than the other eu countries ? 
  protests like this are just them realising they are on the losing side . 
  as religion declines some people are becoming super religious as a reaction . 
  it 's just a sign it 's the end of their ideology . 
  forth eorlingas !, 
  the anglo-saxon vibe is strong with the rohirrim . 
  i think some of their names are from old saxon kings and such . 
  i 'm fine with obscenity . 
  slander and libel can directly harm someone , for example causing someone to lose their job or get assaulted by someone . 
  someone saying fuck on tv or showing their tits , meh . 
  i do n't think you will get in trouble in most european countries if you mess with the flag . 
  those are just old laws that have n't been removed yet . 
  they only removed the blasphemy law in the netherlands in 2013 , it was in the books but simply not used anymore . 
  they should still remove those laws though , even if they are unused . 
  besides , the fundies already hate him , there is a reason why he has had police protection for some 10 years . 
  it 's not like he can piss them off any more . 
  perhaps . 
  the german of that time was of course also some 400 years closer to the time they split off and may have had less of a sound shift . 
  check out this table , quite a few similar words ( note : in dutch `` zingen '' the z is pronounced like an s would be pronounced in german `` singen '' ) . 
  interesting . 
  it is of course before the standardisation of german , so it was really a bunch of dialects at the time which were often pretty different , so he may have mistaken it as a dialect of german instead of crimean gothic . 
  in the netherlands when people speak in a different regional dialect i ca n't understand them . 
  fortunately these days most people know standard dutch , but some have such thick accents that i can barely understand them . 
  i think in your example they might recognise it as a related language and managed to communicate a little with effort , but i do n't think mutual intelligibility was that great by then since the languages are from another branch . 
  maybe they had an ear for languages , since they were traveling merchants they might have learned to understand many different dialects of german for doing business . 
  yes , there is no date for the translation but it missed a whole bunch of spelling reforms . 
  i think this is the language from after the spelling reform of 1934 , but before the reform of 1947 . 
  it is very much readable but sounds very archaic , and i think not everyone would understand some of the old words . 
  i found this on spelling reform , it 's on the dutch wikipedia though : https://nl.wikipedia.org/wiki/geschiedenis_van_de_nederlandse_spelling it is only the nt and it was given to me by a guy handing out bibles at my school . 
  it even has a page at the end where you can put your name so you are saved . 
  good to know we can learn about gothic on acid-free paper if we buy the book . 
  gothic would really be something i would n't understand as it is east germanic as far as i know , so it would be very distant . 
  it would be so interesting if some of them had survived like in crimea , it would be nice to hear the modern version of their language . 
  that muspilli sounds strange , it sounds like muspelheim but then a bit on there is the christian name elias . 
  i ca n't read it though , just vaguely recognise some words , maaaybe . 
  edit : looked it up , it 's a poem basically about ragnar\u00f6k but with christian elements . 
  that last sentence was about the only thing i understood from it , and i picked out the words bird and burning . 
  but my modern german is n't too great either . 
  i could understand a little more of the old frisian , though i do n't speak frisian either . 
  but then it may be because i recognise the moses story , and because most readers know of it they can figure it out from there . 
  hard to see where it is actual knowledge of the language or of the source texts in cases like this . 
  i just checked it in a dutch bible i have , which has some pretty old fashioned language in it . 
  we did n't even hear about old low franconian in school or anything other than the `` hebban olla vogala '' poem . 
  at least the bluddy saxons brought a language that sounds easier than welsh or gaelic .
