  in the netherlands only 17 % are theists . 
  christianity has ruined itself during the aftermath of the reformation . 
  the thirty years war was one of the bloodiest of the time period . 
  then the ancien r\u00e9gime and napoleon kicked the papal states back to where they belonged . 
  in most places the catholic has no power at all anymore . 
  no more people like cardinal richelieu . 
  that our current politicians seem to have no values is not the fault of christianity or atheism or anything in between , it 's just that they are often clueless and ca n't agree on anything . 
  i believe in secular values , not christian ones , muslim ones , hindu ones or whatever else there is . 
  besides , what christian values ? 
  calvinism is pretty much the opposite of roman catholicism . 
  and if you are referring to the refugee crisis , it is the christians and the leftists that so enthousiastic about letting in more refugees . 
  there is a c in cdu . 
  well , compared to an impoverished island nation run by bigots iceland may not be so bad . 
  i see modern europe more as the result of the struggle to get rid of christianity and make it irrelevant . 
  are n't those the opposite of european values ? 
  i think languages are interesting for their own sake , but dutch is not helpful outside of the dutch-speaking areas . 
  english is useful beyond the anglosphere . 
  i still like dutch as a language but of course i 'm biased . 
  it 's just that unless you are going to live in the country for a long time , it is not a really useful language . 
  if you want to live in the netherlands it 's very useful to learn the language , but it is not like english which is very useful even if you never visit england . 
  i learned dutch without my consent . 
  yeah , no one learns dutch because it 's useful . 
  there is also the sexual revolution that took place in western countries but does n't seem to have had much influence beyond that . 
  i also thought it was a parody when i first saw it . 
  now i 'm not so sure . 
  make the mexicans pay for a wall ? 
  has anyone informed the mexicans of this plan yet ? 
  also , they can not take away their nationality if it would make them stateless . 
  but yeah , they could also just cross the border , in most places that 's not really difficult . 
  people can watch them get shot too . 
  in the past people showed up to bloody executions and they still do in some places . 
  so far he is doing ok with that . 
  the problem is that oil right now is dirt cheap and will probably remain so for the next couple of years . 
  it 's probably affecting me in some abstract way by making some things more expensive , but it 's not something people generally care about . 
  it is not direct enough for people to get that sense of urgency needed to fix the problem . 
  look at the price of oil for example , for years people were talking about peak oil and now oil prices have dropped dramatically ( of course for unlrelated reasons of politics and national budgets , but it all feels so non-intuitive ) . 
  he could do that with ukraine and georgia because they were not in nato . 
  he can not do something like that to the baltic states . 
  if any mysterious ` green men ' start trouble there they will get roflstomped by nato forces and russia ca n't officially help them unless they are ready for ww3 . 
  it 's just that most people will be dead anyway before things get out of hand . 
  i think that explains the lack of urgency . 
  it 's like smoking , it 's unhealthy but it wo n't kill you right away . 
  you are joking right ? 
  little children die from diseases . 
  if god exists and that is in his plan , what does that say about god ? 
  i think the countries mint their own coins , but the amount is controlled by the ecb . 
  and the netherlands does have their own central bank called dnb ( de nederlandse bank ) . 
  of course it 's all the same currency , it just has different pictures on one side of the coins . 
  i just looked at a bunch of coins i have and almost all are foreign euros . 
  whole bunch of german and belgian ones . 
  also french , italian and finnish , and a bunch i did n't recognise . 
  every country has their own picture and it often also varies by the value , and they change it completely sometimes when new ones are issued . 
  i just find it strange that this is not the case with scottish and n. irish notes . 
  perhaps in scotland they will have much more scottish than english notes by now because their population and economy are so much smaller ? 
  it 's the same how i have a huge amount of german coins . 
  they do have their coins . 
  it 's not an issue , but the coins have spread out enough that i probably have more foreign euro coins than our own . 
  why are they rare then ? 
  would n't they have spread out by now ? 
  i 'm dutch and i have euro coins from all over europe . 
  the holy roman empire of the vaguely-german nation . 
  still , russia is hugely influential ( look at all that 's been happening the last couple of years ) and they are right next door . 
  they are at least powerful enough to invade two sovereign states and prop up a dictator without anyone really daring to interfere . 
  that 's probably why he said it . 
  but they do n't . 
  even the british passports have fingerprint id as far as i know and people obviously give their fingerprint if they need a passport . 
  i found it surprising how easily i gave my fingerprints . 
  it was with some machine that took a picture of your thumb and it 's hardly noticable among the other rubbish they put you through to get legal documents . 
  in a way that 's scary . 
  i would prefer the government not meddling in my personal affairs such as weight . 
  i 'm around 18-19 bmi and i 've always been around the same weight , but that should not be involved in whether i can have a job or not . 
  and is there any evidence that measures like this even work ? 
  if it is deemed that the fashion industry is so damaging , they should just ban the whole thing instead of attacking skinny people . 
  they 're filming midgets !, 
  yes , but i do n't like legislating for weight . 
  some people are just skinny , i do n't see why they should lose their job . 
  i do n't think it 's men that want women to be super skinny . 
  there 's a reason women in gentlemen 's magazines look different from women promoting women 's fashion . 
  or maybe not legislate at all . 
  some people are skinny , why ca n't they be models ? 
  i also feel it 's unfair to skinny people . 
  this is just legislating their job away . 
  in large part it sort of is . 
  if panda bears stop breeding we will have a world without panda bears . 
  of course it is more complex than that , for example , someone without children could still help the survival rate of his family members who may procreate one day . 
  and potatoes mix well with other stuff . 
  deep fry them , mash them , cook them , bake them !, 
  i 'm just being a cultural and culinary ambassador here . 
  dutch food is n't all mashed potatoes ... but sometimes it is : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot, 
  have you tried hutspot ? 
  mashed potatoes with carrots and onions . 
  there are so many stamppot/mashed potato dishes . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/stamppot what i find the most disappointing about dutch food is that a lot of it is just bland bread , which i try to avoid . 
  try the indonesian food . 
  i happen to like dutch food too , the stamppot ( hutspot , boerenkool , andijvie , zuurkool ) but i understand the mashed potatoes are not popular outside of northern/central/eastern europe . 
  fuck , i drink and i 'm not even a refugee . 
  well , it sort of is is n't it ? 
  that 's ridiculously young for marriage . 
  that reason is often just religious nuttery . 
  maybe accidentally trying to type the north island ?
