  i 've seen people chugging vodka or gin from the bottle on train stations , barely able to stand . 
  you can buy beer on some trains , but mostly the ones from/to germany . 
  wow , that looks like a fun party , and some of those pictures look like / r/accidentalrenaissance . 
  if you ca n't get wasted , then what 's the point of amsterdam ? 
  is n't the point of public transport that you can drink ? 
  it 's the only benefit i see compared to cars . 
  there is even a word for it , bvo ` tje : biertje-voor-onderweg ( literal translation : `` beer for when underway '' ) . 
  never heard of anyone eating that . 
  that , combined with a bit of whiskey , was usually the go-to sauce for shrimp cocktails here . 
  that cat knows what 's for dinner . 
  and it 's probably what makes the finns tough as nails . 
  retreat from the red army ? 
  fuck that , why should i retreat ? 
  it 's all useless anyway . 
  and from what i 've heard their mythology is basically a bunch of suicides . 
  after they killed everyone else of course . 
  how he says it is not how the dutch healthcare works either , unless you deliberately choose to pay first and get reimbursed later . 
  i never had to pay , insurance takes care of it . 
  i have n't had any interections with police for well over 10 years , and the last time was a routine breathaliser test where they tested everyone passing through for alcohol . 
  i pretty much never see them . 
  even though we have a national police force , most people are recruited from the locals as far as i know , and the mayor has some say in how they are directed . 
  and in a tiny part of belgium !, 
  they went with the ` safe ' bet . 
  it did n't matter for the republicans , they were all crazy , it was just that trump was the loudest of the bunch . 
  well , i think hitler needed the gas and oil fields of russia , as they had few/none of their own and no colonies to provide fuel . 
  he needed to invade some place with actual resources ( so not france ) . 
  it 's one of the reasons the japanese needed to either attack or fold . 
  they took the resource-rich british and dutch east indies ( malaysia , indonesia ) . 
  by the end of the war the germans were running on fumes . 
  possibly one of the reasons for their operations in the middle-east . 
  of course it was a problem for the nazis that even when they invaded the main countries , it did n't mean the colonies automatically folded . 
  i thought the trident submarines could relatiate on their own in case britain was lost . 
  if that is the case , you 'd have to be insane to invade britain . 
  it 's the other way around . 
  they survive frost , but many insects seem to have trouble surviving winter when it is semi-warm and moist . 
  or at least that 's what i heard , that a strong winter leads to more of them surviving . 
  the freeze-thaw-freeze-thaw is what they do n't survive , too cold to live and too warm to be frozen all the time . 
  i 've heard that 's one of the reasons iceland does n't have a lot of bugs either , as they 'll not survive the fickle winters ( far north , but with warm gulf stream and warm winds ) . 
  i think estonia and finland have a bit more land climates instead of the weather completely changing when the wind does . 
  although that does n't seem to fit with there being more insects in warm climates and few in the really cold ones . 
  but then finland has lots of mosquitos , and they are a lot colder than us . 
  temperatures around freezing for over a month is very rare in the netherlands . 
  yes , i just have to hope they 'll rot to death in winter . 
  but i 'm terrified of them . 
  i think it 's largely dependent on how many wasp queens die during winter . 
  if there 's no frost the entire winter , they could have rotten away when spring comes . 
  this year we had frost , it 's been freezing for a month or so :(, 
  no , i think the itching only starts after the mosquito is done , because it secretes some sedative while it is feeding . 
  but i 've never been woken up by it . 
  it is annoying when you do wake up and ca n't go back to sleep because of the itch . 
  but the last few years have been really bad for mosquitos and wasps , i think because wet and warm winters cause the eggs and larvae to rot . 
  i 've seen very few wasps and bees the last few years , same with mosquitos . 
  there are also those special lamps that help against winter depression : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_affective_disorder one problem with vitamin d is that people cover up most of their skin as well . 
  that 's normal winter here . 
  you feel their sting ? 
  i 've never noticed when i 've been stung . 
  but perhaps our mosquitos are smaller . 
  wow , that monstrosity really exists . 
  when i saw it i feared something was terribly wrong with my eyes . 
  as for whether it 's irrelevant : just the economy of germany is already quite a bit larger than that of russia . 
  and german is also spoken in austria and parts of switzerland , and more or less in luxembourg . 
  and english did n't take a lot from german , it 's just that have a somewhat recent common ancestor . 
  old english looks a lot like german . 
  heh , good point . 
  they probably did n't really have enough nukes to make a difference . 
  but it was sad that they had to leave the eastern half of europe to the soviets , it still feels like we let them down horribly . 
  and churchill was really from another era . 
  he allegedly said when ww2 started `` we will be dead in a few months time '' to a fellow politician , which implies he believed they would likely lose ww2 . 
  do you really want the father to be able to force the mother to be forced to give birth ? 
  i can imagine giving the father to sign away his rights and duties to the child as he can not choose to get an abortion , but the other way is oppressive . 
  women are not breeding machines , they are their own person . 
  it is split pea soup , specifically green split peas . 
  and it 's usually very thick , with chunks of pork meat or smoked sausage , carrots , and other stuff . 
  i think it usually starts from a pork broth . 
  my main question is : how is it possible that in a country of 300m + people , they end up with two horrible , unlikable candidates ? 
  surely there must be someone better , or at least more likable . 
  would n't that have been a good idea ? 
  the alternative was to let them occupy half of europe and let them become a nuclear power . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/seasonal_affective_disorder if you really suffer from it , there are possible remedies . 
  i personally do n't mind , i 'm fine with the darkness . 
  better than the long hours of sun , and the annoying insects . 
  it 's the cold i hate . 
  and you had the links !, 
  / u/orthoxerox was just a bit faster  but yes , that 's the one !, 
  yes !, 
  that 's the one . 
  but stress is generally important in germanic languages . 
  the general rule is that stress falls on the first syllable , unless there is a prefix . 
  for dutch : lopen ( first syllable , gelopen ( second syllable ) , and of course mumble the last syllable as if it is n't there !, 
  it 's because the french r does n't sound like an r to me , it sounds like gggxxxxhkkkk . 
  are you sure you got the right link ? 
  i see no poem . 
  but i think i know which poem you mean . 
  just ca n't remember the name . 
  but even those nuclear disasters are very regional . 
  climate change is world-wide and could become irreversible : what are the 200 million people in bangladesh going to do if rising sea levels have become unavoidable , or in other places where agriculture becomes less feasible ? 
  we 'll see mass migrations . 
  nuclear waste is a problem of the future ( can just be stored in leaden containers in bunkers , no problem ) , while co2 emissions are a problem of the 21st century . 
  i have never heard of banger music , no idea what it is , so it was i that missed the joke  i just saw a nice dinner . 
  except i usually got one sausage instead of two .
