  now , what is illegal is growing weed to supply the coffeeshops . 
  that all happens illegally and the police are actually going after them . 
  not sure why , because it certainly has n't stopped the supply . 
  i 've never heard of a coffeeshop running out of stuff to sell . 
  the problem with the illegal growers is that they often do it in residential areas , they use improvised wiring ( the lamps need a lot of electricity ) and sometimes they catch fire . 
  many people do n't mind weed , but most people would not want a secret pot plantation in the appartment next to them . 
  of course , this would not be a problem if they made it completely legal . 
  but since we have coalition governments there is always one of the members against legalising it , while the other is against completely banning it . 
  it remains in limbo . 
  now some of those ciminals are inventive . 
  i think they found a weed plantation in the maintenance shed of a bridge a while ago , and some years ago they found a shipping container buried in the sand dunes where they grew weed . 
  gambling varies by country . 
  in the netherlands , there are only state-owned casinos , and there are only a few of them . 
  i do n't think gambling is very popular here . 
  sports betting is also mostly illegal except for a few cases . 
  on the other hand , just across the channel the british do a lof betting . 
  and amsterdam has the reputation for drugs and hookers , but the other big cities have those as well . 
  even some fairly small towns have pot stores . 
  but amsterdam also has a lot of monuments , a historical city center , a bunch of prestigious art and history museums . 
  and it is the main financial center of the netherlands and hosts the stock exchange . 
  nothing wrong with vegas of course , i think it 's great that they take such a libertarian attitude to gambling , and that they are able to sustain such a city in the desert far from the rest of the world . 
  why ? 
  especially in feudal times nobility and mafia worked pretty muc the same : it is a tiered system where the lowest one swears fealty to the one above , who again swears fealty to the one above , until they get to the godfather kind of guy . 
  as tony soprano said : money goes up , shit goes down . 
  people are expected to pay money to the ones above them , exactly how it was with nobles in de middle ages . 
  and from what i hear the princes of monaco run the place pretty well ( as a constitutional monarchy ) . 
  it is one of the wealthiest , most posh places in europa ( thanks to being a tax haven , but still ) . 
  and they host one of most iconic f1 gps . 
  but it 's nice to have the colonies here !, 
  i 'm pretty sure driving lessons are not a legal requirement . 
  if you can pass the theoretical exam , and the practical exam after that , you should be fine . 
  i know someone who skipped lessons , but it was a long time ago . 
  he was involved in racing sports since a young age so he knew how to drive . 
  i 'm also surprised by the huge portion sizes from what i 've seen of the us ( never been there though ) . 
  i also find it strange that you said you saw no fat people , but i think that is just because americans and europeans probably have a different definition of ` fat ' . 
  europeans are getting fatter btw , perhaps we will catch up one day . 
  there may still be a somewhat different attitude to food , perhaps because of the war . 
  there was widespread starvation in the netherlands for example . 
  my grandfather looked like one of those skeletal people you see on photo 's from when they freed the people in the camps . 
  he was a pow , but near the end of the war the german infrastructure was so damaged there were shortages everywhere . 
  in some places there were people who , after eating their pets , tore wallpaper off the walls and boiled it . 
  the glue is made of starch . 
  i think that many people of that generation would be appalled at things like eating contests . 
  and a lot of that attitude probably trickled down to younger generations . 
  the actress that plays melisandre is called carice van houten . 
  she is also the main character in the most succesful dutch film , zwartboek ( black book ) . 
  it was directed by paul verhoeven , who is also known for a few hollywood movies such as basic instinct and starship troopers . 
  black book was the most expensive film ever made in the netherlands , and the budget was 21 million . 
  i do feel it 's a very good film . 
  it is about ww2 and the resistance . 
  since it is a dutch move there is the obligatory nudity of course . 
  but it is mostly a thriller with pretty grim side to it . 
  here is the trailer : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjhnqn9dtbo another great dutch movie by paul verhoeven is soldier of orange , which is from the 70s , and is also about ww2 , but this time a true story . 
  the main character was a war hero who went to england to join up with the allies . 
  there are two actors in there that also appear in a few hollywood movies : rutger haur , who played the main replicant in blade runner and was also in sin city , and jeroen krabb\u00e9 , who played one of the bad guys in a james bond movie , the living daylights . 
  so there are dutch movies , but not that many and i think a lot of them are n't that good . 
  of course they come nowhere near the budget of hollywood movies . 
  from what i hear , booze is very expensive in canada . 
  i do n't think there will be a very significant eu army . 
  for example , france and germany and the eastern european countries all have different political priorities for how to use their army . 
  look at how divided europe was during the iraq war , britain , poland and the netherlands joined in but germany and france were very much opposed . 
  central/eastern europe primarily wants to be protected from russia . 
  some eu countries are in nato , and some non-eu countries are not in nato . 
  it will be a political mess . 
  finland is in the eu but not in nato and has a position of a certain neutrality . 
  the netherlands is a very close ally of the us and in both eu and nato . 
  there are american nukes stored here . 
  in germany people are very much against nuclear weapons ( and nuclear power in general ) . 
  norway is in nato but not the eu . 
  how could this all work out ? 
  there is some cooperation of course . 
  there is even a dutch-german corps : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/i._german/dutch_corps the netherlands can not fight a war on its own btw . 
  a few years ago we sold all our tanks for budget reasons . 
  the role of small countries is to focus on certain roles , with the assumption that we will only be involved in nato missions . 
  the netherlands sent patriot missile systems to turkey when shit got out of hand in iraq and syria . 
  there is also a small fleet of f16s that currently fly bombing missions over iraq and recently also syria . 
  and there is a group of the korps commandotroepen ( special forces ) in mali for intelligence gathering . 
  but all of those happen together with nato allies because the strategy is to be adapted to work with nato forces , and not fight a war by ourselves . 
  france and britain are different in that regard , they actually pretty much full-fledged militaries . 
  if there was an invasion of poland or anything of the kind , it would be nato that should respond . 
  there is a command structure in place , located in the southern tip of the netherlands : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_joint_force_command_brunssum this is the group that will command a nato operation in the case of invasion of the baltics or poland . 
  btw , there is a hilarious euler diagram that shows how ridiculously complex some relations between countries are . 
  scroll down to the ` prospective members ' paragraph . 
  there are millions of speakers of low saxon , but almost no native speakers of irish . 
  i think low saxon speakers outnumber quite a few of the other official eu languages . 
  the way spain handles its regions is really awful . 
  the british at least gave scotland the option to leave . 
  i 'm fairly sure they invented that language just to mess with foreigners . 
  it 's the tower of babel all over again . 
  but people lost a shit ton of money today . 
  stock markets crashed in a ridiculous manner . 
  aex is minus 6,80 % or something . 
  you are eager to learn german * twice * ? 
  three genders and four grammatical cases , fuck me . 
  in addition to what others have said , the really conservative christians vote for certain parties , and have a very high turnout . 
  yet those parties are in the margin because they are an extremely small part of the population . 
  here is one of the polls for the upcoming national election ( in 2017 , unless the coalition falls apart ) . 
  the orange bar called tweede kamer is the amount of seats they currently have in the lower house , out of a total of 150 . 
  76 seats are needed to form a majority coalition . 
  the two blue bars are polls in may and june : http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week now the three christian parties are cda , cu and sgp .
