  i do n't even use normal airplanes because i am quite claustrophobic , so there is little chance of me going into space , even if it were free . 
  6-9 months to mars ? 
  i 'd rather stay here . 
  even if the earth were to be destroyed , i 'd rather go down with the ship than go to mars . 
  and you got them mobility scooters . 
  i think we have the same fat fucks , but we just do n't see them because they ca n't walk . 
  i 'm certainly not a chef , i 'm not a good cook at all  but when i was a poor student we would often eat * nasi * , which is the indonesian word for rice , with peanut sauce ( sometimes called satay sauce ) , and if we were lucky with chicken and vegetables . 
  making basic * nasi goreng * is dirt cheap : there were very cheap satchels of spices in the supermarket . 
  so we would spice the rice with the spices in that cheap spice satchel , and seperately make peanut sauce with just water , peanut butter and soy sauce and sambal . 
  cheap and easy dinner for poor students . 
  today we can buy a pack of spices for less than one euro , yet in the past people went to war for them . 
  the voc ( dutch east india company ) forced locals to grow spices instead of their local food , leading to periods of starvation . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dutch_east_india_company but indonesian cuisine is a lot broader than just us idiots making rice with peanut sauce of course  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rijsttafel it is of course more expensive than just rice , but i find some of the indonesian beef stews are quite good . 
  * rendang * is probably the most famous one , it is beef simmered in coconut milk with spices . 
  probably the best food in the world . 
  afrikaans and dutch are very close and mostly mutually intelligible , some of them are easier for me to understand than people who speak a regional dialect in the netherlands or flanders . 
  but as has been mentioned ` tokkie ' is a term that only came into fashion in the last decade , and it 's probably not known at all in south afrika or even in belgium . 
  it 's a family name that came to represent yobbo 's because of a tv show . 
  it 's not a really common word , though it became a bit fashionable to use . 
  but that is how language works , new words are created . 
  a funny one is * swaffelen * , a verb meaning ` to repeatedly hit someone ( or something ) with a semi ' . 
  i 'm not even joking here , that is what it means . 
  the word became ( in ) famous when dutch students made a video of one of them hitting the taj mahal with his gentlemen 's sausage . 
  a mosque and a mausoleum . 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/swaffelen funny how language acquires new words . 
  we have our own fat fucks , but damn , they generally do n't even come close to that one . 
  mayonaise and curry-ketchup !, 
  a hamburger ` speciaal ' is with mayonaise , curry-ketchup and raw chopped onions . 
  i 've also seen people eat hamburgers with sat\u00e9saus ( peanut sauce ) , which is a sauce that is used in the netherlands for all kinds of purposes . 
  people put it on fries , rice , chicken , meatballs , vegetables , and it 's usually present at barbeques . 
  it is easy to make by slowly boiling a bit of water and peanut butter , boiling it will quickly thicken the sauce , and it is often flavoured with thinly chopped onions and soy sauce and sambal ( chili paste ) , and asian style herbs or spices . 
  sometimes sugar is added for sweetness , or things like milk or coconut milk , or garlic . 
  it is an artifact of our colonial history with indonesia , formerly known as the dutch indies . 
  they do n't peanut sauce on food in belgium . 
  i 've never eaten one , and it does n't really look like a hamburger , but the belgians have this : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mitraillette a baguette with meat and fries and sauce . 
   the groups pretty much make things up unlike the other religions ? 
  they were all made up at some point in time . 
  some may genuinely like the mythology , even if they do n't really believe in it . 
  i think there are some interesting stories in it , but i just do n't believe in the supernatural . 
  of course that paragraph is pompous nonsense ( `` freisian '' minor kaiser ? 
  wtf is that ? 
  ) , but the idea of germania inferior and germania superior has existed for a long time . 
  it just means the lowland germans in the north versus the mountain germans in the south . 
  now his comment is still utter shit because people today would probably identify by their region of origin , and not call themselves ` high german ' or something like that . 
  it would n't really surprise me if people from countries with a ridiculous alcohol consumption ( pretty much all of europe ) have a slightly higher tolerance for alcohol . 
  probably just because you build op tolerance by drinking , but perhaps because a nation of people with high tolerance is more predisposed to drinking a lot , or perhaps because historically the people with low tolerance did n't survive . 
  german had a sound shift that dutch and english did n't have . 
  english apple , dutch appel , german apfel . 
  there are probably a few more sound shifts i do n't remember , but german differs mostly in pronunciation and a bit in having more conservative grammar ( three genders and the case system ) . 
  and dutch and german are on the same dialect continuum . 
  dutch is west swamp german , while standard german is sort of south central mountain german . 
  they are standardised versions of the same dialect continuum . 
  ( sorry , that 's just the battlecry of some of the feyenoord supporters ) when i was growing up as a kid in the 80s , i heard a lot of country from those old tapedecks , especially in the car . 
  `` i never promised you a rose garden '' , johnny cash , rhinestone cowboy , the classic country stuff . 
  when my babyboomer parents were growing up there were a lot of western movies ( sometimes called cowboy movies here ) . 
  johnny cash was at least popular enough here for dwdd ( a daily show with quite an audience ) to have a recurring item where local musicians covered songs as a tribute to cash . 
  i personally like the highwaymen and willie nelson , and charlie pride . 
  there are also some local country-style rock bands such as normaal , which in some way ` feel ' similar to something like lynyrd skynyrd , not country music but maybe rural rock ? 
  [ normaal - oerend hard ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7y_wuu99e7m ) they have songs in the local accent/dialect , which i think have helped in removing some of the stigma of speaking ` plat ' , the low saxon dialect/accent . 
  the band is mostly associated with the rural parts of the province of gelderland , and motorbikes and dirt bike racing . 
  it does have a bit of that feel to it , but i 'd say it 's more blues-rock . 
  it 's hard to categorise music anyway . 
  so danish . 
  sorry , could n't resist . 
  i think dutch has a bit of the same ` problem ' : it sounds a bit mumbly because of a large vowel inventory , and non-native speakers only recognise a few but can not tell them apart , so to them it just sounds like mumbling . 
  if you want a more ` professional ' answer , you might try / r/linguistics . 
  there is probably a bunch of research done into the perception of different accents , and the social aspects of it . 
  but the hre was sort of the lands where germans lived + bohemia and bits of poland and italy . 
  i think it is more because of seeing american tv shows and movies . 
  my dutch teachers were not american . 
  in fact , i have only once in my life met an american in real life , and she was an exchange student . 
  shows such as the big bang theory are on almost every day , and there are a lot of american movies . 
  i think most dutch people are familiar with movies such as star wars . 
  yup , vikings were seasonal raiders . 
  their ethnicity would be norsemen , swedes or danes , or any other regional appellation . 
  of course there were many peoples involved in piracy during the course of history , for example the southern franks had a similar lifestyle before the ` real ' vikings went viking . 
  dutch sounds funny to german speakers and vice versa . 
  it sounds like someone mispronouncing everything . 
  afrikaans also sounds funny to dutch speakers , indeed as if a child tried to speak it . 
  cannabis comes in grams . 
  switzerland is part of the schengen zone though . 
  keep in mind they do n't use euros but swiss francs , so you 'd need both currencies . 
  and credit cards are n't used much in many parts of the eu . 
  many people use pin cards , a kind of debit card , or just cash . 
  with baby boomers , do you mean people born after the soviet union ended ? 
  because in the west it usually means the baby boom after ww2 , so they are fairly old now . 
  `` leaving certificate '' sounds very irish to me . 
  it does n't say `` yay , i graduated and now i have a useful diploma ! '', 
  but `` thank god i got that over with , now i 'm allowed to leave '' . 
  so how are those classes in politics working out when people are about to elect trump ? 
  sorry , could n't resist , 
  i loved how they mocked angry letters on top gear . 
  they said a lot of more or less politically incorrect things and got away with it ( usually ) . 
  too bad they killed the programme . 
  in the span of a few years britain lost hitchens , pratchett , and top gear . 
  not sure what the point is anymore , they might as well leave the eu . 
  i agree with / u/ice00angel . 
  in many countries people can speak english and will do so for a time to accommodate you , but to really become part of someone 's social circle you need to speak their language . 
  as the netherlands were mentioned , i 'll add that you could probably get by with just english , and people will speak english to you , but in a group where the majority are dutch locals people will switch back to dutch . 
  i 've seen that a lot , in a group people will speak english to ` the foreigner ' , but speak dutch to each other .
