  i 've also met some very , very racist people in the netherlands , and also the ` casual racist ' who wo n't say stuff to your face , but talk about you with racial slurs when you 're not there . 
  it was mostly about mathematical proofs , and also the beginnings of the calculus stuff . 
  it was n't really up to university level though . 
  we did get differentiation and integration . 
  that course was generally mandatory to sign up for technical courses at universities , such as physics or chemistry or engineering . 
  i do n't know what ap or bc mean , except that the last one sounds like pre-anno domini , 
  our class was also generally around 20-30 students ( people kept dropping out , or moved to a ` lower ' tier , so we kept losing students and ended up at around 20 ) . 
  but some courses were not popular and had far fewer students . 
  our spanish class ended up with 3 people i think , because it just was n't a popular subject . 
  the higher level mathematics class had about 8 people . 
  mandatory courses such as dutch or english had 20-30 people , with people dropping out every year , either leaving school , or moving to a lower tier of education . 
  we started with some 30 people , and less than 20 were left at the end . 
  for impopular classes we sometimes had tiny groups of students . 
  my mathematics class sometimes had just a handful of people . 
  there were even a few classes that took place at the same time , because of scheduling issues . 
  i think french and one of the technical courses ( maths , physics , chemistry ? ), 
  were at the same time , so you could n't attend both . 
  in the netherlands , kids are essentially seperated at age 12-13 , and put in different courses . 
  - vmbo/mavo : preparation for a trade school . 
  - havo : preperation for a bachelor 's degree . 
  - vwo ( atheneum/gymnasium ) : preperation for university . 
  you can switch between them , depending on your grades . 
  low grades ? 
  you get ` demoted ' to another class . 
  good grades ? 
  you can now ` move up ' a level . 
  there are still different courses even on the same level of education . 
  we had 4 ` profiles ' , more or less two oriented on technical stuff and two aimed on languages and liberal arts stuff . 
  and you could pick additional subjects , which made the school days so long : they could n't really schedule all the different courses students picked . 
  so sometimes i had to come in in the morning for mathematics class , then have nothing to do at all , aside from waiting for german class in the late afternoon . 
  that 's one of the things that caused the long days . 
  one year i had a very short day , but late : i had the day off except for checking in at german and english classes in the afternoon . 
  i went to school at around 1300 or 1400 , and went back home at 1700 or so . 
  school was still operating in the morning of course , but they just had courses i had n't picked . 
  saurkraut is also used with sausages on bread , for example at a barbeque . 
  basically a hot dog with saurkraut as a condiment . 
  if you are too cheap for meat , i can imagine eating just saurkraut without the sausage . 
  in the netherlands we often eat saurkraut mixed with mashed potatoes . 
  cheap and healthy food . 
  if you put soggy stuff on bread , you can ` insulate ' the bread by covering it with butter first . 
  one of our super cheap student meals was ` nasi goreng ' , the indonesian word for fried rice , as ` nasi ' means rice in indonesian and malay . 
  indonesian-style food became popular because the colonial connection . 
  a super cheap version of nasi was to just boil rice , let it sit for a while , adding fairly affordable indonesian spices , and covering it with a peanut sauce . 
  when i was a student , we often cooked meals together , and nasi sometimes came out to cost less than 1 euro per person . 
  it 's easy to make a basic peanut sauce : put some water in a pan with a lump of peanut utter and slowly boil . 
  it will somehow become a thick sauce , and this is the basis for peanut or satay sauce . 
  there are many recipes : you can add flavour by adding soy sauce , or fried onions , or coconut milk , or leeks , or sambal ( ground chilies ) . 
  when i was a student we sometimes ate just plain rice with peanut sauce . 
  rice was dirt cheap , and easier to cook , as it 's a major hassle to peel potatoes for 5-10 people . 
  there was no cafetaria at school , you ate what you brought from home . 
  we started at 8:30 at the earliest , but sometimes later , depending on what classes you took . 
  the latest classes , if you were unlucky ( depending on what courses you chose ) , were until 17:00 . 
  during winter it was already dark by that time . 
  i remember cycling to school in the dark , and cycling home when it was already getting dark . 
  we were allowed to leave the school area , but there was n't really anything interesting nearby , so we did n't . 
  we had a 15 minute break in the morning , and a 30 minute break in the afternoon , not enough time to walk to the stores for food . 
  i did take the ` vwo ' course though , more or less what they call gymnasium in germany , the one that prepares you for university , and i took a lot of extra courses on top , so i might have been at school a bit longer than the average . 
  but at least they could have fed us . 
  i pretty much lived on what i ate at dinner in the evening , and i raided the fridge later in the evening , because i generally did n't eat a lot during the day . 
  i ca n't imagine getting to school at 7:20 though . 
  that means you might as well not go to sleep at all . 
  it 's the difference between an umlaut and a trema . 
  dutch has the same \u00fc sound that german has , but uses just ` u ' for it , and uses the ` oe ' for german ` u ' . 
  that still sounds far better than nothing  i never really ate anything during the day , i did n't like the sandwich i took from home and there was nothing else to eat . 
  we did n't have time to go to the chip shop . 
  this is something i wondered about when there was a controversy in britain about using horse-meat in school lunches . 
  i was horrified : i do n't mind horse-meat , but wtf ... people actually get food at school ? 
  we just had to quickly gobble up a sandwich we took from home in 15 minutes . 
  there was no school lunch . 
  i would have killed those horses myself if it meant i could get normal food at school . 
  `` only 25-45 minutes for lunch '' , haha !, 
  we generally take a sandwich from home and do n't have nearly that amount of time for lunch . 
  i often could n't finish my one sandwich before classes started again . 
  the whole concept of school lunch does n't really exist here . 
  we have extremely short breaks so we can go home early . 
  our school was n't strict about moving around the hall or whatever , and detention did n't exist . 
  i was only punished twice : once i deliberately made a mess of the classroom and the teacher made me clean it up , which sounds perfectly reasonable . 
  but she helped me clean up . 
  another time i skipped school entirely and i had to report 20 minutes earlier the next day . 
  there was n't any punishment at all in primary school . 
  so just two well-deserved punishments in about 14 years of school . 
  my parents also never punished me . 
  it was more of a guilt-trip perhaps : * noblesse oblige * . 
  you act like a decent person because you are one . 
  is n't a lunch that long not incredibly boring and a huge waste of time ? 
  we usually had extremely short lunches , in the sense that i was n't even able to finish my sandwich , because everyone wanted to get shit done and go home asap . 
  i did n't really eat anything during school hours . 
  lunch in the netherlands is pretty sober and quick . 
  students gobble up a filthy sandwich they brought from home and get back to work asap . 
  no time for meetings or whatever . 
  the idea is to have short breaks , so you can get home faster . 
  i 'm a slow eater , i often did n't even have time to finish my sandwich before classes started again . 
  i did n't really eat at school . 
  here you just need to finish vwo/gymnasium with the right courses to get into university . 
  extracurricular activies are not really a thing here . 
  sports is considered fun ? 
  i considered it slavery . 
  generally , the salmon here is mostly of scottish or norwegian origin i think . 
  it 's somewhat common to eat cold slices of smoked salmon , either by itself or on toast or crackers . 
  or a baked slice of salmon to go with dinner .
