  i think people in the netherlands feel some affinity with the british . 
  obviously the flemish and the germans are closer to us linguistically , but when i grew up i watched dad 's army , keeping up appearances and allo allo with my parents . 
  and later top gear . 
  my grandfather was involved in ww2 as a soldier but he still loved those old british shows about the war . 
  5 minutes quiet time ? 
  sounds like a good moment to take a piss , as it seems actual teaching has n't started yet . 
  is n't that a good reason to have national standards for education and not just regional ones ? 
  otherwise you will get the sheepfuckers teaching one thing , and the normal people teaching science in school , you know , the other thing . 
  your mistake was talking to him and not telling him to fuck off . 
  but you live in a country where the majority of religious people are roman catholics , an established religion that feels pretty secure in their teachings . 
  in the us there are hundreds of crazy new protestant/evangelical/whatever groups that have to compete for members , and whoever is the most crazy gets them . 
  it is the reformation all over , where every village had their own schisma with the other protestants . 
  but in the time of darwin they had n't even discovered dna yet . 
  today the evidence of common descent is overwhelming , it was n't in darwin 's day . 
  and evidence for creationism ... ooops . 
  the britons do n't really give that impression themselves . 
  i 've often heard british people talk about europe when they mean the continental mainland , implying that britain is not europe . 
  it should be other way around , the us would again acknowledge the authority of the queen . 
  not just russia . 
  many european cities have beautiful historic city centers , but around them are grey and dreary apartment buildings . 
  i guess we just got too cheap to actually make nice buildings . 
  i feel there are many more europskeptics than just pvv-voters , as many people are sceptical of the eu but very much unwilling to vote voor pvv . 
  but i doubt there will be a referendum about even if the pvv becomes the largest party , because to become part of the government they will need a coalition and many parties are unwilling to work with them . 
  even if they get 31 seats it 's just 31/150 , and they need a coalition of 76 to do anything . 
  we did have the referendum on ukraine a few months ago and there the answer was no , which was basically a vote of no confidence in the eu , at least that is how many people interpret it . 
  i hope not . 
  britain is a key ally of nato for many other countries , and also important economically and financially . 
  also , if britain is treated as a pariah after leaving , it will only bolster and enrage euroskeptics . 
  it would be incredibly stupid . 
  or collective punishment . 
  but she was a tourist . 
  she lives in the netherlands and was in turkey on holiday . 
  she does n't live in turkey . 
  with that attitude you should ban unhealthy food as well . 
  someone overweight with diabetes probably costs a lot more in the long run than pumping the stomach of an idiot and putting him on a drip after a night of partying . 
  do n't many people just grow it by themselves ? 
  unless you for super high grade stuff it 's not actually that hard . 
  in the same way that many people make their own booze in central/eastern europe . 
  in the netherlands a gram of weed costs on average 7 or 8 euro per gram , which is about one hour of work on minimum wage . 
  and the stuff usually has a high percentage of thc so you wo n't need a lot of it . 
  in the netherlands many of those drugs are still illegal , but if you used them and feel sick you wo n't get in trouble for going to the hospital . 
  there are even signs in amsterdam for the tourists that do n't know . 
  in many places you can . 
  i think it 's mostly germany and austria that have specifically banned nazi things . 
  it is oppressive . 
  sounds like a good idea . 
  they should also do this for things such as cicumcision . 
  so you want to ban cars ? 
  as long as there will be cars you have to take measures to keep the cars and the more vulnerable people from colliding . 
  one of those rules is that people do n't use their phone in traffic so they can see where they are going . 
  it is this way for car nows , i do n't see why it should not be extended to cyclists . 
  but if your negligence results in other people having to swerve and cause damage , then part of the blame is yours . 
  a fine should stop someone doing it . 
  a fine of 25 would n't stop me . 
  even in the very unlikely event you are caught 4 times a year your ` fine budget ' would only be a 100 a year . 
  and i do n't agree it is really a minor offence . 
  if you are not paying attention to traffic you could cause others to cause accidents , for example because a car has to swerve and hits someone else . 
  i 'm not sure but i think the fine for littering is 200 or more , so that would be a good place to start if it 's a first offence . 
  for repeat offenders just keep raising it . 
  btw , on a bike it is usually easy to just stop and pick up your phone , and move on when you are done with the phone . 
  it does n't , the person survived . 
  how else are people supposed to get home from the pub ? 
  why do they have such ridiculously low fines in germany ? 
  if you want people to stop there should be some consequence . 
  but generally people are genetically fairly close in europe . 
  you could in many cases look at people from poland , italy , or britain and not know where they are from . 
  in my experience yuropeans look pretty much the same . 
  foiled again !, 
  for all of the three people ( and sheep ) that live on the faroe islands , just the band t\u00fdr should have put them at the front . 
  yup , he changed his position on the evening of the election day , after the voting was done . 
  what you say is true but i think there are many people who are critical of the eu or how the refugee crisis is handled , or the eurocrisis . 
  but many of these people , despite their views , are still unwilling to vote for far-right parties , and there are no mainstream parties that hold their views . 
  i think they are shitting their pants actually . 
  they know they are running out of time . 
  but there is no reason why europe should be on the hook for everything . 
  let the us , australia , russia and japan take their share of refugees . 
  but no , it 's always europe . 
  i 'm not sure it 's easy to compare them as a lot of the modern far-right ( and populist ) politicians main points are about being anti-eu . 
  i think that is why the mainstream establishment prefers to not have right wingers elected . 
  they fear the eu might fall apart . 
  we just had the referendum about ukraine in the netherlands , and we get the brexit referendum later this year . 
  i think that the crisis with the euro and now with the refugees just weakens the mainstream so much you 'll see support for the far right or far left spring up everywhere . 
  i think one of the main things that is different is religion . 
  in europe i feel that a lot of anti-immigration sentiment has to do with religion . 
  religion is n't as important here and many people openly dislike muslims , so they do n't want people from the middle-east or africa . 
  when trump said he did n't want muslims entering the us he was attacked from all sides , but here in the netherlands we have a party whose main point is to oppose islam ( and the eu ) . 
  they are now the largest party in the polls btw . 
  as for ted cruz , i feel that in many parts of europe he would not be seen as just far right , but as a religious fanatic . 
  i feel that trump in this matter is less conservative and not really a devout christian , but he is just vaguely christian because he would n't stand a chance otherwise . 
  ted cruz though looks like he might be a true believer . 
  btw , some of the right wing populist parties are economically not that right wing at all . 
  the pvv , our anti-islam party , wanted to keep the retirement age when people get government benefits at 65 , when the government raised it to 67 . 
  they are not like us republicans at all , who are generally very free-market and religiously conservative , but those are not things that matter a lot to the pvv . 
  what they want is to leave the european union , get rid of the euro and get our currency back , send no more money to greece as bailouts , and of course oppose islam and immigration in every way possible . 
  oh , the party leader , geert wilders , supports trump for the us elections . 
  he also shares with many us conservatives that he is a strong supporter of israel , while many far-right groups in europe are anti-israel ( or even antisemitic ) . 
  it almost sounds as if he truly believes that will ever happen . 
  but things like that cost money and we have a reputation to uphold , being cheap bastards . 
  i meant joining the eu . 
  i do n't think that is ever going to happen , and everyone knows it .
