  in the southern part of the country they call them * juinen * , you could try that  i also noticed that some of the southern accents have fewer diphtongs . 
  ui and ij are not diphtongs in all accents . 
  try to buy an * ui *  but yes , that 's generally one of the hardest sounds for native english speakers pronounce . 
  apart from * van gogh * that is . 
  i have no idea who `` vang-go '' is . 
  i think that is very common , not being able to hear the differences between vowels of a foreign language . 
  i notice the pronunciaton of dutch names and words in english is often awful , exactly because they have a different vowel inventory . 
  the kuiper belt is often pronounced ` kiper ' or ` koiper ' or ` kowper ' , which all miss the mark completely . 
  but english speakers generally just can not hear the difference . 
  it 's kuiper !, 
  btw , both european spanish and french seem to make far less use of stress than germanic languages , it makes it very hard for me to figure out when a new word starts . 
  in most germanic languages , the stress is on the first syllable , unless it has a prefix ( * ver - , ge - * ) . 
  spanish and french just sounds like one single sentence to me , but it 's hard to make out the words . 
  i think it just takes a huge amount of practice to get over the ` inaudability problem ' , where you can not hear the sounds of another language . 
  dutch does n't have the ` th ' sound , which makes it hard for us to pronounce english or spanish . 
  we also do n't have voiced endings of words , so words ending with d or z are pronounced as t or s. it 's somehow really hard to get rid of that when speaking another language . 
  and we have a sloppy s that immediately gives us away when speaking english . 
  how about beach and bitch ? 
   i think dutch has even more vowel sounds than english , and a strong difference between long and short vowels , and diphtongs . 
  and the language is very particular about stress . 
  foreigners can pronounce the consonants any way they like ( there is large variation among native speakers ) , but when they get the vowels or the stress wrong it 's incomprehensible . 
  nah , it 's just a lack of spelling updates . 
  dutch is a fairly phonetically spelled language , but that is only because of regular spelling updates . 
  english is just conservative regarding this . 
  in german , once you know the rules of pronunciation , you can pronounce pretty much every word even if you do n't know them . 
  not the case in english . 
  `` short of going to war '' that 's exactly what it means . 
  if you are not willing to stand your ground , do n't be surpised someone else will take over . 
  so go to war , or shut up . 
  the russian military is insignificant next to nato . 
  i think it 's just that nobody really cares about georgia or ukraine . 
  nato could easily take back crimea , not a problem at all . 
  it 's just that one really cares . 
  btw , i used to live not far from urenco , the company from where nuclear secrets were smuggled by abdul kadeer khan , whose treachery led to the creation of the nuclear weapons programmes of pakistan , iran and north korea . 
  so why are all those european states not doing anything ? 
  with the level of technology they could set up a nuclear weapon programme within one or two years . 
  why should we always rely on the americans , or hope that anyone listens to the un ? 
  and states follow international law , when it is convenient . 
  what about irak ? 
  but it is how the world works . 
  when is ukraine going to take back crimea ? 
  when is georgia going to take back its sovereign territory that is occupied by russia ? 
  probably never , because they ca n't . 
  perhaps many states follow international law , but many of them do n't even try to enforce it . 
  what about the infamous `` red line '' against using wmds in syria ? 
  meh , do n't care . 
  but it is how the world works !, 
  if no one is willing to do battle for crimea , it is open for the taking . 
  so far it 's been occupied for at least two years . 
  where is the eu in all this ? 
  are they too weak to stand up to russia , a failed state , with a gdp about the same as fucking italy ? 
  if the eu ca n't even stand up to a bunch of idiots with a gdp of about 10 % of the eu , what is their worth ? 
  and it did fuckall to get them to give up the areas they occupied in georgia ( since 2008 or so , almost 10 years ) , and crimea is still russian as well . 
  if no one is willing to stand their ground , it 's all up for the taking . 
  why do politicians introduce this weakness ? 
  even the european part of nato is far stronger than russia , but the current sitiuation is that no one cares . 
  does n't law need a judge and an enforcer ? 
  in what way are universal human rights universal , when not so far away they used chemical weapons on civillians , and a bit further women are second class citizens ? 
  if there were no police and justice system to keep people in check , why would even normal citizens follow the law ? 
  international law is just a bunch of rubbish . 
  it 's still realpolitik , as usual . 
  if no one is willing to do battle for crimea , it is open for the taking . 
  if it 's not enforced , it 's not worth anything . 
  common criminals sometimes get away because we do n't know who did it . 
  we have some well-known people who are known for war crimes and crimes against humanity . 
  the presidents of syria and sudan for example . 
  saudi arabia is also known for human rights violations . 
  russia randomly invades neighbouring countries ( ukraine , georgia ) and no one lifts a finger . 
  that is lawlesness . 
  why would anyone care about international law when it is violated * openly * ? 
  this is not some criminal sneaking away into the night with a stolen bike , this is mass murder caught on tape . 
  north korea is an open air prison , and it has death camps . 
  we can not say `` wir haben es nich gew\u00fcsst '' . 
  i 'm pretty sure they do . 
  it is suspected they can reach large parts of europe , the middle-east and asia . 
  so no , i do n't think that provides much incentive for the rest of the world to help the palestinians by trying to occupy israel . 
  international law is n't exactly enforced by anyone . 
  ask ukraine . 
  how is that going to work ? 
  israel clearly has the upper hand here , and they have the samson option , so who is going to disarm them without destroying the world ? 
  they are not just going to hand over their nukes and their military equipment . 
  quite the opposite . 
  life 's too short to waste on sports and exercise . 
  unless and hour of sports adds more than one hour to your lifespan , but somehow i think that 's unlikely . 
  is drinking a sport ? 
  because i think i am quite good at that . 
  the slightly controversial part `` of german blood '' in the anthem , in dutch : `` van duitschen bloed '' . 
  of course william of nassau was a german noble , but `` duits '' may have been used at that time for dutch people as well , as they were then still part of the german empire . 
  there may not have been a real distinction back then ; germany was also fragmented with many different cultures , but they still were recognised as being german . 
  a later term for dutch people is `` diets '' , but that one went out of fashion because it was used by the fascists during the early part of the 20th century . 
  but that william himself was of german origin is not controversial at all . 
  people even joke about it today : both the father and the grandfather of the current king were german , and his wife is from argentina . 
  dutch is spoken in suriname , and the accent is very understandable . 
  it 's very recognisable as well . 
  i can generally understand them better than some of the native accents/dialects in the netherlands and belgium , the `` native '' area of dutch . 
  suriname is one of the few non-latin countries in south/middle america and the caribbean . 
  i think afrikaans is in a way a dialect of dutch , and i do n't mean to diminish afrikaans in any way . 
  it 's just that it 's not really further away than many of the regional languages i hear on the continent . 
  afrikaans is mostly understood by dutch people , but i hear the reverse is not always true . 
  asymmetrical intelligibility .
