  when learning modern german the grammar is also brutal for dutch speakers , as it is still has all those grammatical cases , at least it retained it much more than dutch or english . 
  that old high german , which verse of mattheus is it ? 
  i ca n't really see it well , and i ca n't find anything that looks similar in my bible . 
  ( i 'm not that familiar with the verse numbering though , so maybe i 'm just being dense ), 
  they would have had accents and dialects in those days . 
  the dialects from flanders have historically had an important influence on the dialects of the south and western parts of the netherlands , and thus on the standard dutch language as spoken in the netherlands that is basically `` hollandish '' . 
  first amendment is a good once . 
  that political correctness is shit , and you so often hear people say they believe in free speech * but * ... and then they come up with something that they feel insulted by . 
  no , it works both ways . 
  yes , the words are stupid , `` hate speech '' can mean anything . 
  i agree that offensive things should be allowed unless they threaten or incite violence . 
  if it 's illegal , then it 's just stupid . 
  i do n't care what the legal definition is , politicians make stupid laws all the time . 
  religion should not be above criticism . 
  if you do n't want to see it , just switch the channel . 
  `` we should kill this minority '' is hate speech . 
  `` religion x is stupid because y '' is normal criticism . 
  hmm , it 's not like islam does n't offend other religions . 
  there is a lot of bitching about unbelievers and polytheists in the quran . 
  i think there are enough muslims , there are more muslims than sgp people . 
  the problem might be that muslims are less unified and organised than the followers of the sgp . 
  i do n't like any religious parties . 
  burning a flag or making fun of a religion are not hate speech . 
  it also sounds a bit like anglo-saxon . 
  he has no religion . 
  improving the economy and making it cheaper to raise children might help . 
  not sure how to do that though . 
  and then there are refugees , there are probably quite a few refugees that would come even if they would have preferred sweden or britain . 
  there are refugee camps full of people . 
  i do n't think they deliberately founded the snp to game the system , they are just lucky that for their platform the voters have regional interests , while ukip and the greens are not regional . 
  scottish issues did get a lot of attention with the scottish referendum though . 
  the voting system is just shitty . 
  proportional representation or death !, 
  german words ending on - heit or - keit are usually of female gender ( i think ) . 
  so let 's assume `` she '' for now . 
  the word * dutch * also has the same root , as do * duits * ( dutch for * german * ) , * diets * ( old dutch word for * dutch * ) . 
  and there is also the dutch word * hoogtij * . 
  i really do n't understand why you like fptp then . 
  without fptp it 's unlikely for a single party to be able to form a government , so they will have to debate and deal with other parties , make compromises . 
  i was n't trying to suggest snp were marginal , but they got so many more seats than ukip with about the same amount of voters . 
  the system is just ridiculous , it has no place in a democratic country . 
  it should be talked about more , i found cameron 's claim of `` victory '' just too ridiculous for a democratic country . 
  14 % in england and wales means they got more votes than the snp , while the snp got 50 seats or so and ukip only got one . 
  it 's because of the stupid district voting . 
  ukip should have had more seats ( not because i support them , i think they are idiots , but because more people voted for them ) . 
  i know , but that is why they have been so succesful . 
  i was criticising the voting system with the districts . 
  the ukip is just unlucky their voters live spread across the uk . 
  this district system also hurt the greens i think , they also have a spread out voter base . 
  if people outside of scotland could vote for the snp it would n't make a difference , because i do n't think there are many places outside of scotland where the majority are scottish and support the snp . 
  because of the district system their votes would be as useless as the ukip and green votes . 
  the brits really need proportional representation , like they have in the civilised world ( sorry , could n't resist acting like a clarkson ) . 
  snp voters mainly live together in scotland in the same voting districts . 
  ukip voters live spread around the uk . 
  i think ( ? ), 
  ukip got more votes than the snp in total , but far fewer seats , because of the fptp system . 
  i think proportional representation would be much fairer . 
  yes , that was awful !, 
  the snp just had the luck that their voters were all clustered together and the stupid system is geared that way . 
  i find regional representation to be completely stupid btw . 
  i do n't want a `` representative '' from my stupid hometown , i want someone in parliament that shares my worldview . 
  i 'm so surprised there is n't more outrage in britain . 
  everyone just goes along as if nothing happened , and i found the victory dance of cameron absolutely disgusting when you know how few people voted for him , and how other parties were ground down by the system . 
  it is ridiculous that someone with 37 % of the vote can form their own government and act like he has a majority . 
  why not just go with proportional representation ? 
  then every vote is worth the same . 
  with fptp you are just wasting your vote if you vote ukip for example . 
  also , fptp is ridiculous and needs to go . 
  i 'm no fan of ukip but the election result is pretty undemocratic . 
  i think the right wing populists were part of a danish government some years ago . 
  also , the pvv was semi-part of the dutch government from 2010 to around 2012 . 
  they also got a slightly larger share of the votes , farage got around 13 % , pvv got some 16-17 % a few years ago . 
  they also continue to be somewhere around the third/fourth party by size . 
  also , there pvv is more extreme i think . 
  they pretty much want to ban islam . 
  their leader asked a crowd whether they wanted fewer or more moroccans in their city , and people started shouting `` fewer !, 
  fewer !, 
  * ch * as in * loch * , but harsher . 
  if you speak russian you know the sound . 
  yeah , ukip was mostly held back by the silly electoral system in the uk , they got a lot of votes but only one seat . 
  still , the people i mentioned are much , much more radical than farage . 
  the anti-immigration is really common in the netherlands , i 'd say the majority of people think that way . 
  if you are a white native the other natives will often make negative comments on minorities and immigrants that they would n't say to their faces . 
  are n't people on the continent much more anti-immigration ? 
  look at how succesful people like geert wilders and marine le penn are . 
  most expensive water in the universe , and that in a country that is so moist you could squeeze it from a rock . 
  i think the idea is to lure you in with a cheap meal , and then make money on the drinks people buy . 
  easy explanation : the cost of hiring people is very high , partly because of taxes and benefits . 
  so if your food or drink has been handled by a human it will cost a ton . 
  restaurants and bars are expensive , supermarkets are cheap . 
  grocery shopping is pretty inexpensive in the netherlands . 
  hard to believe anyone is making any profit . 
  in the netherlands most stores round up or down . 
  most people pay electronically so it 's not an issue then . 
  bottle caps ? 
  i do n't think most of them travel much . 
  many of the camps i have seen have brick & mortar homes in them that are not movable . 
  they still are a society within a society though . 
  you like dags ? 
  you have to , some of the books contradict each other .
