  target shooting and hunting are hobbies for many people and i do n't think it 's fair to take that away just because of a few terrorist and gangsters , who will use weapons illegally anyway . 
  get rid of the terrorists and the gangsters , not normal people who follow the law when it comes to weapons . 
  welcome to the free world !, 
  you 'll like it here . 
  no , although i think that whenever you get larger population sites such as cities , patronymics become more confusing because there are likely a whole lot of people named jan pietersen , so a true last name becomes more useful . 
  many modern names are descended from patronymics that stuck , so jan pietersen is n't actually the son of pieter anymore . 
  the names ending on - sen , or just - s are often originally from patronymic . 
  jansen , petersen , pietersen , and so on . 
  in the past the - zoon was sometimes also abbreviated as jansz . 
  i remember that the old scandinavians also had a patronymic system , but they used a lot of nicknames to differentiate between all the similarly named people . 
  erik the red , sven forkbeard , and so on . 
  all the erik eriksons much make it confusing otherwise . 
  i think that in iceland the majority of the population still uses actual patronymics and so do n't have surnames . 
  they said on qi that the icelandic phone book is ordered by first name for that reason . 
  so my guess is that when societies move to larger population centers and get more globalised , they will need a better way to identify themselves . 
  and a family name also allows to see who are family , which is n't really possibly with a patronymic system beyond identifying the father . 
  i thought he was an undead jew ? 
  i think it 's more likely that people had surnames for things such as church records , which is where a lot of genealogical information comes from . 
  i 'm not sure whether everyone had a surname , but many people mentioned during the time period of our war with spain and the following golden age had a double naming system similar to how it is in russian today : first name , then a patronymic , and then a surname . 
  jan janszoon tromp , names like that . 
  the netherlands is n't actually very unionised . 
  there is collective bargaining , but very few people are members of union . 
  and it 's dropping . 
  that may be the sad part : if unions succeed in their mission and people have decent working conditions and rights , they have made themselves obsolete . 
  welcome to the bubble economy , where everything depends on increased demand for houses and cars , funded by borrowing money !, 
  better have everyone keep spending or it will all come crashing down some day ... ooops . 
  except it does n't mean what people think it means . 
  in modern dutch that would be the meaning , but the original meaning was likely not naked-born but after-born : someone who was born after the father died . 
  yes , it 's a rubbish story as many people can trace their family names further back than the time of napoleon . 
  also , many of the funny-sounding names did not originally have a funny meaning , but they are misinterpreted . 
  naaktgeboren does n't mean naked-born but after-born : someone who was born after the father died . 
  and we cheat !, 
  check out our glorious mountain : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mount_scenery, 
  i thought he was the baby jesus . 
  you could also learn how to swim . 
  or live on a terp . 
  we do n't need your zeeland , we have our own zeeland right here . 
  why does it matter that the un considers it a colony ? 
  there are plenty of overseas territories and as long as the locals are ok with that , i do n't see a problem . 
  i wonder what ` definitive solution ' mean when there really is n't a problem worth talking about . 
  if the locals in gibraltar like the current situation , there is no problem . 
  another country wanting more clay is not a problem unless they are actually going to invade . 
  it is indeed a bit like argentina with their ` malvinas ' , they just bring it up every other week or so but nobody cares . 
  i 'm not sure the pope is that popular in britain . 
  because they ca n't vote for these people . 
  yet just about anything he says turns people against the eu . 
  so you can off yourself in case the government turns into a dictatorship ? 
  i personally believe that people should have the right to be armed btw , but i see it more as personal protection against criminals and burglars , not against the government . 
  why is one more or less objectionable than the other ? 
  religion is n't based on anything and religious holy books are full of hate-filled passages . 
  are they any better just because people ascribe a divine source to them ? 
  it should n't matter whether someone is a hateful arse because he pulled his reasons out of there , or because he got them from a holy book . 
  is homeschooling even legal in denmark ? 
  my guess is if they keep their daughter from going to school they 'll just get fined for every day she is n't there . 
  iran and saudi arabia also have legally enforced dress codes . 
  and it surely happens in the west as well , as strange as it may sound . 
  check out / r/exmuslim , there are quite a bit of people there living in the west but who are forced to dress a certain way , or are not allowed to associate with westerners ( wtf , why did they did move there ? ) . 
  it is the same with western cults btw , such as jehovah 's witnesses who raise their children to be completely seperate from society . 
  there are a whole bunch of ex-religion subs full of stories where people are basically removed from society . 
  i find it strange that children have absolutely no protection against the lunacy of their parents . 
  and then the parents will get fined for keeping their daughter out of school until they relent . 
  so you do n't believe that the natives will think niqabs look really great , and it will be adopted into the mainstream fashion ? 
  i am shocked . 
  some random internet jerk , ok , we do n't care that he calls us nazis . 
  but the president of turkey should know better . 
  just let europe have no more business with him , let them simmer in their own misery , fucking third world shithole . 
  except i 'm not using insults , even though many come to mind . 
  not long ago , the dutch military through nato provided turkey with anti-air defenses with the patriot missile system . 
  we came to their aid , and now we are nazis ? 
  what a nice way to talk to your allies . 
  and end up like them ? 
  i 'm already a nazi according to the sultan , so i ca n't get any worse . 
  the netherlands generally does n't allow double citizenship either , but it 's hard to get rid of turkish or moroccan citizenship . 
  some people simply can not renounce their citizenship . 
  it does n't feel nice at all . 
  i was actually quite surprised at how hurtful erdogan 's comments were to me , although they were obviously bullshit , he really did his research on how to come up with the worst insults . 
  a hint for his campaign team : there is only one worse insult than nazi for dutch people , and that is nsber , the turncoats who joined the nazis . 
  although turkey was n't much involved in ww2 , i think that erdogan knows exactly how hurtful it is . 
  ww2 is our national trauma , and many people have relatives who really suffered because of the nazis . 
  many of my older relatives have horror stories from ww2 . 
  insults !, 
  it 's not just common insults , these are pretty much the worst he could come up with . 
  still just insults , but not something we should just accept . 
  it may not resonate as much in turkey , but in the netherlands and germany many people suffered from nazism . 
  i have several relatives and friends who nearly starved to death , whose houses were bombed , or who were in camps for several years . 
  and now we have to take these insults , that we are nazis ? 
  fuck that . 
  trump is a saint compared to this erdogan bullshit . 
  we do n't need to take these insults from a country that is itself becoming more fascist every day . 
  what do we need turkey for anyway ? 
  i guess they are more economically dependent on the eu than the other way around . 
  will we go back to being non-nazis after that ? 
  it 's getting a bit sore now . 
  i might just become a nazi , i 've already been labeled as such , so what is stopping me from going full on crazy ? 
  because turkey decides who can vote in their elections . 
  even if those european countries managed to strip citizens of their turkish citizenship somehow ( not going to happen ) , what is stopping turkey from still allowing them to vote ? 
  and we are in dark territory here . 
  how can a state strip citizens of another state of their rights ? 
  well , i do n't disagree !, 
  i know you speak german , but i tried to point out that in dutch , a related language , there is still a word for ` girl ' that is feminine , while german just seems to use * m\u00e4dchen * , the diminutive .
