  a lot of the countries in the balkans and middle-east only became independent in the 20th century . 
  the usa and britain are some of the oldest continuous countries that still have the same government , and have n't been invaded or the government overthrown since their founding . 
  buy yeah , europe does have a lot of old stuff . 
  i recently saw pottery and metal tools from the area my family is from , of some 2000 years ago . 
  a lot of places in the north are n't actually as cold as you would expect . 
  people often live in the low-lying areas near water as well . 
  spain has a lot more altitude than some places around the north sea . 
  i think some places in spain and italy get far more snow because there are mountains . 
  want to see grey ? 
  come to the netherlands !, 
  euthenasia is available !, 
  it 's pretty misty right now . 
  10 years is still a bit extreme . 
  you could murder someone and get out sooner . 
  in many places ` public ' means non-commercial media , but paid for with taxpayer 's money , so essentially the state media . 
  for example , the dutch ` publieke omroep ' is the public broadcaster , state television . 
  so we have a formally communist government using capitalist policies so that the posh part of their population has a stake in keeping the workers quiet ? 
  hmmm . 
  shots fired . 
  but yeah , there are quite a few german euro coins here , since there simply are just so many euro coins from germoney . 
  our currency has the king on it , a 21st century aristocrat . 
  and the paper money has random monuments and suchlike . 
  the wolf of wall street tought me that people can even fap to money . 
  money is porn . 
  are they counting on most people not being able to read other languages ? 
  that somehow makes it sound even worse . 
  really ? 
  i thought he was threatening everyone else . 
  we are all nazis now and we ca n't safely walk on the streets anymore according to erdogan . 
  but your president calls us nazis , which is the second worst insult he could come up with . 
  nice ally . 
  either he does n't know what he is talking about , or he knows perfectly well . 
  it might be nitpicky , but it 's not a territory , it 's a seperate country . 
  but still , interesting that the kingdom and the republic have some kind of border on the other side of the world . 
  that actually sounds pretty interesting . 
  what is the series called ? 
  a pity they do n't air stuff like this on tv . 
  it 's all reality ~ ~ shows ~ ~ shit . 
  and interesting they used the name clovis . 
  that is the kingdom of the netherlands , but st maarten is n't part of the netherlands proper . 
  it 's a different country within the kingdom . 
  in the netherlands , nazism is n't banned specifically , but it will be hard to practice , because a lot of it falls under hate speech or racism . 
  true , but before the age of nationalism there was n't a lot of `` we '' anyway . 
  people were citizens of bremen or turin , not of germany or italy , and also very much divided by social class . 
  people with different dialects could barely understand each other . 
  it 's probably just that they did n't really have standardised spelling back then . 
  lots of important romans killed themselves , for example when their side was losing in a civil war . 
  famous examples are brutus , cato and marc anthony . 
  if they were captured , they might be publically humiliated , tortured , and/or executed . 
  and fitting : romulus is the diminutive , so his name is `` little roman '' . 
  odoacer himself did n't have a nice ending either , he was killed , possibly by king theodoric himself . 
  but would n't they just consider you someone from another part of the english-speaking world , or from a distant city ? 
  britain in the 1800s had a lot of different accents and different social classes speaking in a certain manner , and people from the colonies , etc. 
  they would probably think `` strange customer , where is he from ? 
  probably from over the hill , people over there are weird '' but still classify him as a speaker of english and not a total foreigner . 
  even in the netherlands you can usually often hear where people are from , there are a huge number of accents and dialects . 
  i live less than an hour 's drive away from people i ca n't really understand if they speak the local dialect . 
  if a modern person walked into 1817 england they might get this type of reaction : [ jeremy clarkson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40xspbwmtba ), 
  hutspot , please . 
  also , the lands that are now the czech republic were for centuries part of the german empire ( holy roman empire ) , while slovakia was joined with hungary . 
  they are culturally and linguistically similar , but had a very different history . 
  no , it 's the agricultural stuff produced at home , but that also includes the flowers and such . 
  of edible plants , we export a lot of tomatoes that are grown in greenhouses . 
  yes , but then that includes the flowers again , 
  it might affect europe , but it 's not all that important . 
  and btw , we sent patriots to defend them a few years ago , and suddenly we are now all nazis ? 
  fuck them , they should boot them out of nato . 
  actually , some slavery was done in the name of god . 
  they put the colonials to work , but hey , they brought them the light of christianity , so it was all justifiable , right ? 
  we are literally hitler , did you not know ? 
  what wildlife ? 
  the netherlands also exports a huge amount of tomatoes and vegetables . 
  and your comment might be seen as a bit controversial : people actually ate flower bulbs during the hunger winter in ww2 . 
  the netherlands also exports a lot of food , there are huge agricultural surpluses . 
  but turks in the balkans have generally been there since ottoman times , while turks in the west came in the second half of the 20th century as unskilled labourers . 
  well , at least they 're doing something right . 
  the netherlands is also a tax haven , yay . 
  then why did you elect a socialist ? 
  besides , france had a reputation for strikes long before that . 
  in other countries the unions and the government work together with the employers . 
  the rhineland model , or the nordic model . 
  the best combination of the free market but with a fairly strong social safety net . 
  days on strike over a 5 year period , according to your source : - france : 67 - the netherlands : 4 - germany : 2 see a pattern here ? 
  ( denmark and canada are n't in the eurozone , and ireland is a tax haven with a total population of three people and a dog ), 
  perhaps not the original idea , but it is how it works in reality . 
  they just propped up those greek banks because doing otherwise would be a risk to other european banks , not to help the greeks . 
  eu member states try to shove away the refugee crisis to other states . 
  that is because the national politicians will always put their own country ( voters ) first , and blame the eu for their own bad decisions . 
  that 's like the unicorn , people talk about it but it does n't exist . 
  well , it 's more their problem than it is ours . 
  they should have known better . 
  it would be political suicide for any dutch politician to support turkey 's eu membership , especially after those horrible insults . 
  we are nazis and fascists , and we are not safe in the streets according to erdogan . 
  simply not going to happen . 
  haha !, 
  they burned their bridges behind them . 
  we are all nazis anyway according to erdogan , and he said no one would be safe on the streets of europe , good luck patching that up diplomatically . 
  not going to happen . 
  oh , and we are all mass murderers , did you not know ? 
  there is no coming back from this .
