  new york city is an expensive place to live because there is a concentration of wealth there . 
  in britain , the financial center and the universities are in the southeast , so that 's where most people live . 
  someone is born in a poor area , they want to study finance so they go oxford or london or whatever , and if they want a job at the stock market or any of the big banks they will move to london because that 's where they are . 
  if you want to become a famous composer or piano player you go to london or paris because that 's where the big concert halls are . 
  same for the us , if you want to become a movie star you do n't go to nebraska , you go to la. 
  i think this effect is more pronounced in france and britain because these countries have existed for so long and have become centralised after centuries of having one capital city . 
  germany has consisted of many `` german '' states and independent cities loosely connected through the holy roman empire ( a fancy name for the first german empire ) . 
  even after the unification of germany it consisted of several kingdoms and princedoms inside the ( 2nd ) german empire . 
  today it is still a federal republic made out of different states . 
  germany also has a large and succesful manufacturing industry , and you do n't need to be near the capital for that . 
  perhaps that is the most important reason for them not being centralised . 
  here is a map of population density of europe . 
  it has no country borders but just population density . 
  germany is mostly the same color of red except the northeast , which is poorer because east germany was basically a puppet state of the soviets . 
  you see that paris has a huge population but the rest of france does n't . 
  in england there is a huge pop around london and one further northwest , that last one is probably because the coal mines and industry were once big moneymakers there but it went to shit in the 70s/80s so it is a poorer region now . 
  france and britain are fairly centralised countries while germany was unified much later , and even today they are a federation of different bundesl\u00e4nder . 
  even during the different german empires regions were fairy independent . 
  yup , and in denmark as well . 
  only the frisians in the netherlands are on the map , and they have their own category . 
  at least they had a bath day in medieval times . 
  some anglo-saxons described the norsemen as overly clean because they bathed every week . 
  go back to anglo-saxon times when the political elite was basically a traveling circus . 
  britain and france centralised earlier than germany and we see the results today . 
  yes !, 
  compare london or paris to germany . 
  that 's a decentralised country and rents are very low . 
  britain is london with some land around it , france is paris with some land around it . 
  i think the problem with cities like paris or london is that the whole country is based around them . 
  in germany the people and economic opportunities are much more spread out and rents are very low . 
  perhaps the government could put more effort in decentralising the country . 
  but is n't the culture of let 's say afghanistan inferior to the culture in the netherlands for example ? 
  i 'm not a nationalist but one country is ok and the other is shit . 
  another example is saudi arabia . 
  they have plenty of money so there is no reason they are backwards , yet they choose to be backwards . 
  i saw a study a year ago or so , and they came to the conclusion that yemen was the worst place to be for a women based on their rights , forced marriage , access to female healthcare , and other such measurements . 
  worse than the other shitholes i mentioned . 
  we should n't even take cultures like this seriously . 
  and yes , i know that if i was born there i would be backwards too . 
  i got lucky , does n't mean the cultures are equal . 
  not saying user is a muslim , but india has well over a 100 million muslim citizens , probably quite a few more . 
  individuals should have equal rights , but that does not mean that all cultures are equal . 
  i would say a culture without slavery is superior to a culture without it . 
  if you disagree we could just reintroduce slavery because it 's all the same anyway . 
  i do n't think many people feel a nationalistic pride of the eu . 
  i did n't even know i lived in the eu until a few years before they introduced the euro . 
  i follow the news and i went to school , it just did n't really come up a lot during the 80s and 90s . 
  is n't the north low german ? 
  sodom and gomorra were places in the bible where the bad stuff happened . 
  sodomy is a silly word for anal sex . 
  if someone mentions sodomy you instantly know they are crazy bigots . 
  weeeeed . 
  that 's much more common than wooden shoes . 
  i would say beer , sausages and sauerkraut are pretty common things in the netherlands too . 
  we are the swamp germans . 
  i think the reverse is true as well . 
  outside of china no one gives a shit what they do , only if they produce cheap stuff . 
  i do n't think there are many europeans who could name chinese presidents apart from charman mao . 
  all the other names are unpronouncable to them . 
  then there are some places that have cultural influence beyond what you 'd expect . 
  a large part of our knowledge of norse mythology comes from iceland which has some 400k people now . 
  yet this mythology has influenced the fantasy genre all over the world . 
  there is even anime and video games from asia with references to these old poems in them while the population of iceland is completely insignificant . 
  same with greece , the ancient greeks influenced the world but they are not a very important country today . 
  well , he did n't make any mistakes . 
  in other germanic languages they string the words together so it would be demonhunter . 
  might be a good idea if they ever get around to revising the grammar and spelling of english ( long overdue ) . 
  why ? 
  it 's not like anybody is going to do anything about it . 
  they got away with murder even though everyone knows they did it . 
  i do n't think it 's picky to want to live by yourself . 
  sharing an appartment is fun when you 're a student but eventually you want to move on . 
  it is completely ridiculous . 
  the results had very little bearing on the amount of people voting on it . 
  conservatives and snp got way more than they deserved , and ukip , greens and libdems got screwed . 
  are their voters not important ? 
  they are not really parties i am likely to vote for but they deserve to be represented in parliament . 
  it is completely ridiculous . 
  the results had very little bearing on the amount of people voting on it . 
  conservatives and snp got way more than they deserved , and ukip , greens and libdems got screwed . 
  are their voters not important ? 
  they are not really parties i am likely to vote for but they deserve to be represented in parliament . 
  refugees are generally not allowed to work so they are not really counted as `` unemployed '' for the statics usually . 
  can you live in milan on 800 a month ? 
  does n't seem like a lot . 
  except they did n't really choose this one . 
  the conservatives only got some 37 % of the votes and could form a `` majority '' cabinet on their own . 
  ah , i 'm not really familiar with the witcher except that it was somewhat inspired by european mythology and history . 
  the wodan/odin with the ravens is taken from germanic mythology . 
  their names mean something like memory and thought . 
  ravens are also a symbol of death , since odin is associated with them . 
  in the netherlands it has come to mean either female pimp or a hooker , i laugh when i hear flemish people say it . 
  you 're right that they do n't say it very often . 
  the witcher ? 
  what happens there that is relevant to spain and the netherlands ? 
  but the main day for it is the 5th in the netherlands , that evening kids get the big presents . 
  the official day for the saint is the 6th . 
  to add something about sinterklaas , he was based on the christian bishop saint nicholas . 
  according to tradition he lives in spain and visits every year to bring gifts for children . 
  the children who behaved badly will be put in a sack to and taken to spain , at least that 's what they used to say to children .
