  dutch still has * de meid * , which is feminine . 
  language is n't rational , it is more like a biological species : it evolves . 
  of course you can come up with a constructed language that makes sense . 
  i remember how tolkien created cirth , based on germanic runes , but he made them way more sensible and structured ( just the written language of course ) . 
  but language in the real world does n't work that way . 
  i would still seperate grammatical gender from biological gender . 
  nobody believes that ` the government ' is biologically femine , but it 's just the way people speak . 
  and german/dutch are fairly moderate in the nonsense regarding grammatical gender ( i still prefer noun class ) . 
  people will refer to a little girl/boy ( diminutive ) as he or she , not * it * . 
  natural languages are inherently irrational because they were not designed , they just evolved by casual use , by normal people . 
  they were not designed to be efficient by some language expert . 
  we just babble the way our parents did . 
  since you know german , you 'll notice there are many dialects or regional languages of german , or closely related to german . 
  i like to call dutch ` swamp german ' . 
  we have speakers of low saxon in the netherlands as well , and frisian . 
  and dialects of limbourgish or brabantish , some of which still use the case system or three genders . 
  and of course afrikaans : it sounds like simplified dutch without genders , and does n't conjugate verbs at all , it is very much more simple than dutch . 
  to sum up , grammtical gender indeed makes no sense . 
  noun classes make no sense . 
  irregular verbs make no sense . 
  languages do not make sense , because they do not need to , as long as the locals can understand what is being said . 
  to me a lack of definite/indefinite particles makes no sense , but the slavic languages get by fine without them . 
  as long as people can understand each other , it does n't really matter whether the language is irregular or illogical or plain stupid . 
  in german , girls are neuter because it 's a diminutive ( m\u00e4d * chen * ) . 
  in dutch , which is fairly similar , * de * is used as the definite particle for both masculine and feminine words , and * het * is used for neuter words , and diminutives are always neuter . 
  but in dutch there is the cognate for girl : * de meid * , diminutive * het meisje/het meidje * . 
  so it 's just the diminutive that turns it into a grammatically neuter gender . 
  * het jongetje * is the diminutive of ` the boy ' , and is also neuter , despite everyone knowing that kids have a real life gender . 
  and you do not gain anything from ` noun class ' . 
  native speakers just use language the way they want , and you can either learn it or not . 
  it is not some conscious choice , and linguists do not really help you learn a language , they just describe how it works . 
  perhaps grammatical gender makes no sense to you , but then i remember that the slavic languages do n't use definite or indefinite particles . 
  but somehow polish people can understand other polish people just fine . 
  it is hard to learn for non-native speakers , but for native speakers genders and cases are not a problem at all , you just know . 
  the word order is very similar to dutch !, 
  although i notice that german has more of a tendency to throw ( auxilary ) verbs to the end of sentences . 
  i noticed that the generation of my grandparents used a ` more german ' sentence structure : * wat je kunt doen * ( modern ? ), 
  * wat je doen kunt * ( my grandparents ) both are correct , but there is a stylistic difference in word order between generations . 
  that word is ridiculously long , but there is n't really a limit to how long a word can get in germanic languages . 
  it 's probably possible to come up with a longer word in german , even though on average words are n't that long . 
  is n't your post a belated april fool 's joke that wooshed over my head ? 
   yoda really talks like an idiot . 
  theoretically , you can string words together in german ( and some other germanic languages ) , so there is no maximum length . 
  ok , that was dutch , but the concept is the same . 
  in english , yoda uses the wrong word order . 
  `` when 900 years old you are , look as good you will not , hrm ? '', 
  of course , in german word order is a bit more flexible , so it probably would n't be as funny . 
  but yoda sounds like a non-native speaker who could n't be bothered to find the time to learn grammar in the last 900 years . 
  as for accents , in the english version almost everyone has an american accent , but obi-wan and the emperor have british accents . 
  c3po and tarkin also have british accents , and princess leia seems to put on a british accent when she talks to tarkin . 
  talk like everyone else , he does not . 
  oh , modal particles are certainly not meaningless , but it can be very hard to define what is actually meant by it . 
  in dutch it often ` smoothens ' a sentence , for lack of a better word . 
  many languages do not really have modal particles . 
  dutch and german use a lot of them , though it varies by dialect . 
  i often use modal particles ( before i knew of the concept , you generally do n't know the grammatical quirks of your native language conciously ) , but i could n't really tell you what they mean . 
  they seem to reflect meaning onto the words around them , perhaps , or slightly alter the mood of a sentence ? 
  * toch * ( dutch ) / * doch * ( german ) . 
  what does it even mean ? 
  my grandmother was from groningen in the north of the netherlands , and she would often put * ja * in the middle of sentences . 
  perhaps short for * ja toch ? 
  it may help turn something into a question , or one of those semi-rhetorical questions , `` i told you , did n't i ? 
  '' , where the question is a means to ask for a response , not because the person really wonders if he/she told you , because the person knows . 
  or as my grandmother would say : `` ik heb dat * ja toch * gezegd ? '' . 
  modal particles are a strange thing . 
  it really depends on your native language . 
  english of course shares a lot of vocabulary with french , more than the other germanic languages generally . 
  english is interesting in that it usually has synonyms where one word is of germanic origin , and the other of french or latin origin . 
  and of course the funny thing where there are words for pig and cow , but the meat is called pork and beef , allegedly since the upper class normans would generally only see the animals on their plate . 
  i 'm dutch and i had english , french and german in school . 
  german is n't hard for me to understand generally , because it 's so similar to dutch , but i 'll mess up the grammar and i 'm not so good at speaking it because i mostly know passive vocabulary . 
  but i could fairly easily watch the german news . 
  however , my french is horrible/non-existent . 
  i think it 's more useful to not look at it as actual biological gender , but just as a [ noun class ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/noun_class ) . 
  because what would be a neuter gender , aside from some plants ? 
  and some animals/plants can have multiple genders . 
  and why are children generally neuter gendered in german or dutch , when of course children are either male or female ( aside from chromosomical anomalies ) . 
  but that 's not really related to grammatical gender , but just personifying ships or vehicles . 
  the words for ship/boat are generally neuter in germanic languages , but people like giving ships feminine names sometimes . 
  it 's grammatical gender , not real gender . 
  english also used to have three grammatical genders btw . 
  it does n't need logic : native speakers already know the gender , they do n't need to learn . 
  it was n't deliberately simplified in dutch , it just happened that people stopped using certain things , such as ( mostly ) the case system . 
  languages evolve over time : english for example has also lost genders and the case system . 
  if you look at old english , the grammar is fairly similar to german . 
  that 's not how language works . 
  you can not simply change language , because that 's not how people speak . 
  are you going to say `` de huis '' in the future , if the government says so ? 
  of course not . 
  btw , people often still use three genders , such as `` de overheid die * haar * taak doet '' . 
  language evolves , dutch just happened to have lost one of the genders ( at least in most dialects ) . 
  it was n't a conscious decicion , it was just that language evolved naturally . 
  and complex grammatical features are not a problem for natives , because they get it right by default . 
  it helps if you learn vocabulry together with the gender and the plural , as german has irregular plurals der mann - die m\u00e4nner das kind - die kinder etc. 
  but non-native speakers often mess up gender as it 's hard to pick up on . 
  it also happens with dutch , which in practice has only two genders , but non-natives generally mess it up . 
  there are a few hints : words ending on - heit / - keit are usually feminine , and diminutives are always neuter . 
  i think a verb-turned-noun is usually neuter as well . 
  now i wonder about the german dub of star wars . 
  does everyone talk like yoda , except german yoda ?
