  dutch has a more sloppy s than english . 
  the g sound that english uses does n't exist in dutch . 
  on the other hand , dutch has a bunch of vowels and diphthongs that do n't exist in english . 
  and the dutch r and g sounds . 
  dutch is probably one of the easier languages to learn for english speakers , but you 'll need a lot of practice to get rid of the accent . 
  vice versa , it 's usually pretty obvious when a native dutch speakers is speaking english . 
  and perhaps closely related languages accentuate the accent in a way : dutch with a german accent sounds funny to us , and german with a dutch accent seems to sound funny to germans . 
  i was once in a store in germany and they laughed at me and told me my pronunciation was funny . 
  it 's perhaps good that we are in the minority : the economy would crash if everyone was a cheapskate like me . 
  one of my friends is always broke because he just hemorrhages money . 
  he was always buying expensive gadgets and phones and expensive clothes . 
  then one day he came to us and babbled a bit : uuhm , uuuuh ... 
  i ran out of money . 
  can i eat with you ? 
  guy spent a fortune but did n't have money for fucking food . 
  i think i 've been to all provinces . 
  in some provinces i felt like i was in a foreign country because people were impossible to understand . 
  limburg , friesland . 
  he 's saying that your province of macedonia is fake and that fyrom is the real macedonia . 
  but that 's the problem with invasions or revolutions : if there are enough people that support it , and some are in positions of power , it may shift the balance . 
  i agree it 's less likely these days . 
  but imagine the hypothetical scenario that a large part of the country turns communist . 
  if there is then a war with a communist country , they may switch sides , and perhaps welcome an occupation . 
  if some of the higher-ups are communist as well , it may result in a palace coup . 
  pretty unlikely in most modern countries , but not impossible . 
  ghadaffi was overthrown in part because the rebels got support from abroad . 
  yes , we 've been putting down insurrections by poor people for ages , but it also failed at times . 
  the soviet union , imperial china ? 
  even in ancient times , `` bread and circus '' for the common people . 
  when trying to put down poor people , you will usually win , but you just need to fail once to get fucked . 
  a lot of the social security and civil rights stuff in european countries was implemented by centrist or right-wing governments , to prevent communism . 
  now i 'm curious about the ama . 
  is it about being a welfare bum ? 
  btw , i 'm pretty frugal , so could easily live on welfare if i wanted to , and not feel that i 'm lacking anything . 
  i do n't have any expensive hobbies . 
  i spend little money but i do n't feel i 'm lacking anything . 
  no , if things change and he does n't get paid , other people will be dead in the streets . 
  welfare was introduced in part to keep the poor fed and sheltered so there would n't be riots or revolutions . 
  in case of societal collapse people will just plunder to get their food . 
  in such a scenario none of us is future proof . 
  i can understand the question , but that option is n't really there in many welfare states . 
  here you must apply for jobs and prove you are serious about it , and you must accept any reasonable job offer . 
  you ca n't refuse or they 'll cut your benefits . 
  so it 's not like you can spend the rest of your life sitting on your ass and drinking beer . 
  in theory you could , but generally you only receive welfare on the condition that you are actively looking for a job , and you need to apply to jobs and accept any reasonable offer . 
  in some municipalities you need to show up to do chores for the municipality if you want to keep your unemployment benefits . 
  there are some people who are on unemployment benefits for a long time , but that 's not what it was meant for . 
  but for some people finding a new job is unlikely : if they have been unemployed for a very long time , or are near retirement age , or have a history of drug abuse or drinking , they are n't very attractive to employers . 
  it is a great book . 
  i think it 's the most important fictional ( semi-fictional ) work in dutch literature . 
  the author multatuli uses a strange storytelling device , by having himself appear three times in the novel : he is the impoverished sjaalmans , and he also used to be max havelaar , a man who worked for the dutch administration in indonesia . 
  and at the end of the story the fiction is gone , and multatuli himself essentially has a rant against colonialism . 
  do n't despair !, 
  i think one of the most read books in english is the lord of the rings . 
  most of my friends in class read it . 
  there is also perhaps a difference in mutual intelligiblity . 
  i have had conversations where i spoke dutch to a german and they answered in german , but generally dutch people understand more of german than the other way around . 
  same with afrikaans . 
  i 've seen multiple interviews with one person speaking dutch and another one speaking afrikaans . 
  what you say is true , but for most people in ireland , english is their first language . 
  the irish language is more of a cultural heritage thing , but i doubt irish is going to be the main language anytime soon . 
  a lot of irish people speak shitty irish , or barely speak irish at all . 
  you said that english was brought to ireland . 
  well , the same is true of most other languages in europe . 
  in britain there were pre-indo-european people . 
  then some speakers of celtic arrived and replaced the old ( unknown ? ), 
  language . 
  then anglo-saxons arrived . 
  it 's the same in france : waves of celts , romans , franks , and whoever the fuck . 
  my ancestors were probably gauls and frisians and saxons and franks . 
  but today i speak dutch , a frankish language , so that is my ` identity ' . 
  i do n't think that irish is ` your own language ' when the majority of people have english as a first language . 
  it 's the dubbing instead of subbing . 
  but irish not really `` our own language '' if the vast majority of the population has english as a native language . 
  language and culture can spread . 
  there were temples in the netherlands with both germanic and celtic deities , and a bunch of cities were founded by the romans . 
  but we somehow ended up speaking dutch ( a frankish language ) . 
  the problem here is that people will often naturally use the language that on average both speak best : i 've met with german students and we spoke in english . 
  their english was better than my german , and they did n't speak dutch , and even though dutch and german are very similar it was easier to just speak english . 
  i think english will stay around in the eu , as it is the lingua franca , even when ( if ? 
  please , if ? ), 
  the brexit happens . 
  we learn french and german in school , and german is pretty close to dutch , but english proficiency is much higher . 
  a lot of the stuff ( crap ) that is on tv is in english . 
  do n't forget the british empire . 
  but yeah , learning languages in school and not using them ouside of school is pretty useless . 
  like latin or ancient greek : you might learn a few phrases like `` et tu , brute ? 
  '' , but that 's not really useful in the real world . 
  generally , unless you take a very intensive course , you 'll just learn the basics of a language , and the next step is immersion . 
  that 's easier with english than with most other languages . 
  for me it was tolkien 's books , and british comedies and american movies . 
  i grew up with keeping up appearances , allo allo , blackadder , james bond , star wars , etcetera . 
  also what we called `` de soldaatjes '' ( the little soldiers ) , dad 's army . 
  and the top gear from the clarkson era . 
  there used to be lions and crocodiles and hippos and elephants in europe . 
  why are there still elephants in africa , and not in europe ? 
  one possible explanation i 've heard is that humans are essentially an introduced species in europe , an invasive species , and those other animals could n't adapt to them soon enough . 
  they were all wiped out , as were a lot of other large mammals in europe . 
  fishermen still find stuff in the north sea , which used to be land some 8000 years ago . 
  mammoth or elephant bones , and human remains .
