  - the man on the far right ( in the picture , not politically ) is siebrand buma , leader of the cda , the christian democrats . 
  very mainstream party , vaguely conservative , at 19 seats . 
  - the man on the left is alexander pechtold , leader of d66 , the liberal democrats , with 19 seats as well . 
  - the person in the third picture is jesse klaver , leader of greenleft , at 14 seats . 
  now both greenleft and d66 are progressive parties with a strong focus on climate change . 
  it may be difficult to form this coalition . 
  i know a bunch of vvd voters who are climate change deniers ( not representative of all of them ) , so the formation of the next coalition may be interesting . 
  they also disagree on the role of the free market in healthcare , labour market issues , housing , and so on . 
  ultimately it 's up to the lower house , and not to the ` scout ' , she just reports her findings . 
  it is even possible to form a coalition without the largest parties , as long as you can find a majority . 
  but i think this coalition , or one fairly similar , will be the likely outcome . 
  too bad one does n't work in dutch . 
  here it was in the news as `` nazaten '' , meaning descendents or heirs of nazism . 
  i do n't think he could have come up with something more insulting , he did his research . 
  i think he has pretty much worn out his welcome here for good . 
  `` remnants of nazism '' , please . 
  hey !, 
  erdogan gave that title to us . 
  perhaps people will not make the most efficient decision , but i can see it working better , or at least not as bad , as when dealing with international relations . 
  the dutch ukraine referendum was utter shit . 
  i 'm not a fan of referendums in general though , because i know the locals are often stupid as well . 
  that 's true , but the eu should just make it clear what a country exiting the eu would mean for that country . 
  now people had to vote for `` anything goes , we 'll just see what happens '' if they voted for the brexit . 
  but that option was n't there : there is no guarantee that the uk will remain in the common market . 
  voting for brexit was vote for `` anything could happen now '' . 
  and perhaps ( guessing here ) many people voted because they do n't like other eu people coming to work in britain , but that 's pretty much connected to the whole common market thing . 
  i doubt the eu will let that go . 
  as i said in another post , i am against referendums , but if people choose not to vote they lay the choice with the rest of the people . 
  in the recent dutch elections some 80 % of people voted , and in my opinion the other 20 % left the decision up to that 80 % . 
  that was their choice ( assuming no disability or other reason for perhaps not being able to vote ) . 
  you can also cast a blank vote to show that you care , but do n't like any of the parties . 
  but i recently saw a bunch of people interviewed on the streets , and it was striking how little some knew of politics . 
  there were a bunch who could n't even name a single politician or political party . 
  if you clearly do n't care at all , to the tune of not having watched the news even once in the last 20 years , i do n't mind you not voting . 
  and who is willing to have international treaties with a country , if them following up on it is dependent on the whim of the people , or the mood of the week ? 
  i think referendums may also be useful in very local stuff : we have an empty spot in our town , do we build a park or a football field ? 
  but certainly not for issues concerning international diplomacy . 
  and this referendum also had the problem that nobody knew what a brexit would look like . 
  britain and the eu should have discussed a possible exit and provided details of what it would mean : a new trade deal , or not ? 
  right to work in the eu , or not ? 
  right now , nobody knows . 
  the point is that humans in hhgttg the humans were too stupid to have the tech to travel to alpha centauri . 
  in the real world , humans are too stupid for direct democracy . 
  sure , people have phones and computers and look up stuff , but at the time nobody knew what a brexit would mean and how it would work . 
  and what if people start to vote on very complex economic issues they do n't understand ? 
  yes , referendums on foreign policy are hilariously stupid . 
  you can not do business abroad if it all goes down the drain at the whim of the people . 
  i think referendums might be ok for local issues ( `` will the municipality spend money on a swimming pool or on a park ? 
  '' ) , but anything more than that is just stupid and makes it impossible for politicians to do their job . 
  the brexit referendum was especially stupid because nobody would know what a brexit would look like . 
  still nobody knows . 
  it reminds me a bit of the dutch referendum on ukraine . 
  the treaty was already a done deal , you can not expect the entire eu to roll back international treaties because of angry people voting against the eu all the time . 
  it was sometimes still drinking beer in the morning or around lunch . 
  but perhaps they had the day off . 
  it was usually only with symposia or guest speakers , and then they would bring out the beers afterwards , so it was n't a daily occurance . 
  but then i knew someone of the it people , and he could see that quite a few watched erotic material during office hours . 
  there was a lot of unprofessional behaviour . 
  and an economic system that was n't based on capturing more slaves . 
  which is a professional environment for professors , as that 's their job . 
  and i 'm willing to bet that a lot business meetings also involve alcohol . 
  mostly true , but not everywhere . 
  i remember quite a bit of daydrinking ( morningdrinking even ) at university , and the professors did n't exactly hold back . 
  does n't spending money on drinks and women help the local economy ? 
  it 's probably better than buying electronic devices or something else . 
  it probably was n't meant as a literal statement , but it 's unforunate and not very diplomatic . 
  i remember a few years ago he said that juncker and collegues were basically drinking wine all the time during meetings , and that he did n't want that . 
  perhaps he has an aversion to booze ? 
  that 's true . 
  dutch football clubs are pretty much broke and our top players are mostly in foreign clubs . 
  we do n't come close to the top clubs in spain or italy . 
  i think that the main problem with some of these maps is that there is quite a variation in the degree in which they were unified . 
  they were a bunch of tribes far away in the north , but that does n't really compare to for example the realm of charlemagne . 
  they ca n't afford shit . 
  we are infidels , and the remants of nazism . 
  i will sit and cry for a while now :(, 
  the denk voters are mainly turkish ( of course we do n't know officially as voting is anonymous ) . 
  most dutch turkish voters voted for erdogan last time , some 70 % ( more than in turkey itself ) . 
  so denk can not say anything negative about turkey . 
  they had a few very awkwards interviews where they kept repeating they ` no opinion ' on the armenian genocide , ` no opinion ' on erdogan , etc. 
  ireland ? 
  i do n't think defense spending has a high priority in many countries though . 
  in the last dutch election it was pretty much not mentioned , it was all about healthcare and pensions and welfare stuff and climate change , nobody really talked about nato . 
  oh , i do n't have an internet link . 
  i saw it on tv years ago , it was one of her many , many press conferences about the financial crisis . 
  she was more or less berating the greek government without mentioning them . 
  ah , it 's even in the title , i 'm just being stupid this morning . 
  does n't flying eastwards give you huge jetlag ? 
  if his biological clock is 9 hours off , he might just be really tired . 
  it would n't even be close . 
  she 's actually a pretty good speaker in general . 
  i remember a speech where she kept talking about `` solidarity '' and `` responsibility '' , but the speech was clearly filled with little jabs at southern europe . 
  no country was mentioned by name , but it was a very restrained and polite criticism . 
  wow , that is just grotesque . 
  arabic technically does n't even have an alphabet , 
  yup . 
  i did not know about the turkish meaning of denk , but i 'm not surprised either , considering their politics . 
  pretty much nothing . 
  they are going to reflect on their losses , lick their wounds , and rebuild social democracy . 
  the basic talk after a huge loss .
