  and they were n't talking about cultural anthropologists . 
  we do n't have a system of representatives , but i also only know pretty much only the national politicians . 
  i do n't even know who our mayor is . 
  you can live without meat , but then you 'll need to eat something to replace it , such as soy or ( i think ? ), 
  mushrooms . 
  or fake meat , the supermarket here has quite a large selection of fake sausages , fake minced meat , fake schnitzels and such . 
  there are also yughurt drinks fortified with extra vitamin b 's . 
  meat is good at providing protein , iron and vitamin b1/12 . 
  you can also find those things in beans , peas , nuts and peanuts , eggs and milk . 
  humans could live a vegetarian diet before the invention of fake meat and vitamin supplements . 
  btw , cats are much more obligatory carnivores . 
  if they do n't get taurine from meat they 'll go blind . 
  and even just giving them meat is n't really a healthy diet either , because in the wild they also often eat the bones and organs . 
  so they need catfood , or a regular supply of mice and birds . 
  in the netherlands there are many people who are not vegetarian , but who eat a reduced amount of meat , so there are many substitutes available . 
  i know that for many of them the environment is the reason , as the substitutes are much more environmentally friendly in general . 
  nah , it 's just that people like things such as psychology , communications , history , because they find them interesting and do n't require hard work at learning complex mathematics and such . 
  the stem fields generally require a lot of hard work at getting a foundation in mathematics before you can even begin . 
  i know a bunch of people who studied history or similar stuff , and they are just unemployed for the rest of their lives , or semi-employed in temp jobs . 
  complete waste of an education . 
  while the fields are certainly useful and i believe things such as history and art have intrinsic value , there are just too many students in those fields , and too few in stem fields . 
  personally , i 'm interested in history . 
  that makes sense , it would be weird to encourage people to do studies that wo n't help them get a job , while penalising them for doing something there is actual demand for . 
  ah , that makes more sense . 
  jan jansen . 
  a literal translation : jan smit . 
  which happens to be name of a famous singer . 
  does france have a surplus of engineers or something ? 
  otherwise i have no idea why it is set up that way . 
  i have said that a few times on here , it 's what i experienced in the netherlands . 
  especially for academic textbooks on a very specific subject . 
  just too expensive to do a full professional translation ( done of course by someone who also needs to understand the subject ! ) . 
  the textbooks are expensive enough as it is . 
  i do n't feel that countries need to accomodate other languages . 
  if they also give courses in english they still discriminate against anyone who does n't speak english very well . 
  i know that in the netherlands we had foreigners in dutch courses , they just had to learn dutch first . 
  does n't really exist in the netherlands . 
  i live next to the largest forest in the netherlands , and even there can hard to not meet other people . 
  i do n't think there is any place where you are ever more than a 1 or two hour walk from civilisation . 
  there is always a farm or a road or a town nearby . 
  i know several people who forage for berries and such ( just for fun ) , but there are usually people before them . 
  very similar to the netherlands . 
  the royals were in london and became a symbol of resistance to the nazi occupation . 
  i think that really depends on how far you want to go back . 
  if you want to go all medieval , there is the salic law , probably one of the oldest texts in dutch . 
  massively influential in the frankish empire , and later many parts of europe : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salic_law which was named after the [ salian franks ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/salian_franks ) , who came from the center/eastern part of the netherlands , around the border areas of the roman empire . 
  afterwards the area of the netherlands was part of the frankish/german/holy roman empires . 
  the protestant reformation led to a rebellion , creating the dutch republic in about 1568 , with the formal independence gained in 1648 . 
  the eighty year 's war , which spread around northern europe as the thirty years war . 
  led by the [ * staten generaal * ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/states_general_of_the_netherlands ) , after which staten island is named . 
  after the country was conquered by france during the time of napoleon , his brother was installed as king and the country became a monarchy . 
  after napoleon 's defeat, 
  i have seen a few debates with him in it . 
  have n't read any of his books though . 
  i see what you meant , but it 's interesting that the us is one of the oldest countries in a civics way : they have had same form of government since the founding . 
  the french are on their fifth republic . 
  dutch is swamp german , is n't it ? 
  but it was old frankish that they spoke , the ancestor language of modern dutch . 
  if the language was good enough for clovis and charlemagne , it 's good enough for me . 
  funny that you mention cancer , dutch swear words usually revolve around diseases . 
  `` kanker '' is probably one of the most offensive . 
  i think dutch is underappreciated : many languages focus on the correct pronunciation of consonants . 
  not so dutch . 
  it 's all about the crazy vowels , no one cares how you pronounce r or g or just go ggghrllllrrr , as long as the vowels are correct . 
  gargle all you want , but do not mispronounce the vowels . 
  by jan van speijk , the captain of a ship . 
  literal translation : `` rather up into the air '' , meaning the man would blow himself up rather than be captured . 
  it was during the belgian revolution , when a gunboat got adrift and ended up in the harbour of antwerp . 
  rather than have his ship seized , van speijk fired his pistol into the store of gunpowder , killing most of his crew and the belgians trying to take the ship . 
  there are different versions of the story , as most of the eyewitnesses died in the explosion . 
  our version of `` et tu , brute ? / kai su , teknon ? '', 
  sounds nice , but possibly made up after the fact . 
  it 's like german , but nicer . 
  that 's nothing . 
  we got 28 different parties for the upcoming elections , and they filtered out a lot of other parties : here were 81 applying . 
  most of those are ridiculous of course . 
  you forgot tolkien . 
  well , it still took nearly a century afterwards for the indonesians to gain independence , and there was an awful war during the late 40s that was called `` politionele acties '' ( policing actions ) , but it was a full-on war , with summary executions and other horrible things . 
  i think max havelaar is probably the best dutch novel ever written , but it did not prevent some of the horrors that came afterwards . 
  the idiotic system of forcing colonial countries to grow cash crops in stead of food staples mirrors what happened in india under british control btw . 
  make the entire infrastructure and water management about spices or coffee or whatever makes money this week , and forget the locals need to grow rice for food . 
  starvation follows . 
  max havelaar is a brilliantly constructed novel . 
  i ranted on this before , but the book sort of mirrors the author 's life in the opposite way . 
  multatuli ( eduard douwes dekker ) used to work for the colonial government , but witnessed the mistreatment of the locals , and went home , where his new ` career ' was being an impoverished aspiring author . 
  the first part of the book features sjaalman , who has a manuscript of a book he is going to write , while the second part of the book has max havelaar , a colonial administrator in indonesia . 
  sjaalman and havelaar are cameos of the author himself . 
  and then , the final part of the book . 
  it suddenly stops being fiction , which was pretty confusing when i read it as a kid , and it turns into the author 's citicism of the government : he asks the king to take care of his indonesian subjects . 
  under the author 's own name . 
  so he essentially appears three times in his main novel . 
  best dutch novel ever written in my opinion . 
  the first half is pretty funny in a dark way , with droogstoppel finding every excuse or justification for the colonial coffee trade . 
  i 'm pretty much the same size . 
  i 'm a bit shorter than the average . 
  i 'm also a somewhat `` young '' white man . 
  ah , i see now . 
  i do n't think that is what they believe though , so far they 've only been messing with non-nato countries . 
  make lithuania great again . 
  it was * yuuuuuuuge .
