  here it is : [ michel daerden ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wj7ctipik0m ) , seems like a very decent guy to me but he is a bit tipsy . 
  no , but the threat of them is . 
  there are no little green men in any of the nato territories , and yet ukraine and georgia were invaded by russia . 
  but nukes are a major part of nato . 
  but would n't it be better if your allies also paid their fair share ? 
  it makes sense to have powerful allies as well . 
  has there ever been a sober juncker ? 
  make the world great again !, 
  the us is too small for trump anyway . 
  but ukraine is n't part of nato . 
  the point of nato is that russia wo n't invade a nato country because it would mean a huge war . 
  on the other hand , ukraine was easy , they steamrolled crimea practically unopposed and they sent some militant thugs to destablise the country . 
  they are n't going to do that in the baltics or poland . 
  you get downvoted to shit , but i think this is not unreasonable at all . 
  trump has a point here . 
  the usa spends something like 4 % of gpd on defense , while many european countries do n't even reach the agreed upon minimum of 2 % , some even much less than that . 
  europe has no excuse . 
  germany may have a modern army , but they forgot to acquire nukes . 
  why does n't germany have nukes ? 
  that is sort of the basic requirement of having a serious military that matters . 
  never heard of it . 
  how would it even work ? 
  belgium and the netherlands do n't have a common foreign policy . 
  many stores open at 0900 and close at dinner time . 
  it 's nice to have the option to buy stuff on sundays . 
  and these stores that are open on sundays are n't charities : they make money , so there is a demand for their services/products , otherwise they would n't bother . 
  i do n't get it either . 
  i think that saudia arabia for example is far worse in pretty much every way compared to turkey . 
  where are the sanctions against a state where half the population are second class citizens ? 
  not for long ... 
  it is also historical . 
  there are n't that many religious people in the netherlands , but for example some of the dutch reformed groups are very conservative , so you wo n't see many open stores in the dutch bible belt . 
  the main political party for the strict reformed people even closes down their website on sundays . 
  well , at what other time would students be able to work ? 
  they have school during the week , so they usually work on weekends . 
  and they get double the pay on sundays . 
  and students can borrow against nearly zero interest and do n't even need to pay it back if they ca n't , so generally they do n't ` need ' to work if they do n't want to . 
  i ca n't blame them if they want to work on sundays to end up with lower debt or to get some extra beer money . 
  belgium would the upper netherlands , as they have on average a higher altitude i think . 
  but i think he means he is surrounded by dutch idiots . 
  except many people have to work during weekdays . 
  in the netherlands the people who work in grocery stores on sundays get double the pay . 
  well , working in a store that opens on sundays is a choice , so if you want the weekend off , do n't work in retail . 
  and the people who work in grocery stores on sundays here get double the pay , so they essentially could work one sunday and have two weekdays off and still make the same amount of money . 
  perhaps those daydrinkers drink for the same reason you avoid public transportation ? 
  because it 's shit ? 
  i also drink on the rare occasions when i am found in a train . 
  it makes the journey less dull and annoying . 
  no way i 'm going in there sober . 
  you all start drinking wine , i 'll be in the control group drinking gin . 
  it is stupid . 
  it was a group called geenpeil , associated with geenstijl ( a somewhat populist and rebellious news website or blog ) , and they just wanted to screw with the eu . 
  now , why not put our issues with the eu to a referendum ? 
  because we ca n't . 
  the referendum law is fairly strict and can only be used in certain cases . 
  it simply is n't possible to request a referendum about the euro at this point , or about a possible exit of the eu . 
  so that is why any referendum vaguely related to the eu is used as an opportunity to shit on the eu . 
  we should get rid of the current referendum law and either do n't have one , or have a sane law . 
  it 's a shitstorm but i do n't think the eu is going back on the treaty . 
  it will flare up a bit with the upcoming dutch elections , but i do n't think the government finds it worth it to go against all of the eu for this . 
  even the people who organised it did n't care about the treaty , and most people did n't even know it existed before the referendum . 
  oh , and our pm is mark rutte . 
  he seems like a nice guy , but he leads one of the least popular cabinets in a while , a bland and controversial coalition between liberals ( vvd ) and social democrats ( pvda ) . 
  left-wing people voted pvda because they hated vvd , and right-wing people voted vvd because they did not want pvda . 
  in the end we got both . 
  yes , many people use the downvote buttons to indicate disagreement , while they are meant to indicate whether you find them relevant or not . 
  apparently many people find it difficult to see any relevancy in opposing viewpoints . 
  the socialist party was also against the treaty , it was n't all just right-wing . 
  they opposed mostly the economic part of it , as they seem to be no fans of anything vaguely resembling free trade . 
  nobody knows how this is going to work . 
  the dutch pm promised to listen to the result , but he kept postponing bringing it up in the eu because the brexit referendum was coming up , and he did n't want to have this shitstorm hanging over that . 
  a while ago he said that he believed the netherlands would lose a lot of political goodwill , and that he would rather use that goodwill for things that actually are in our interests rather than trying to get rid of the treaty . 
  i am not sure this referendum is actually leading anywhere , and many people even believed that in the period leading up to the referendum , that their vote would n't matter anyway . 
  interesting that you mention the lisbon treaty , as an earlier version of it was also rejected by a referdum . 
  but then they just rewrote a few bits and called it the treaty of lisbon and went ahead with it anyway . 
  but now with the upcoming elections , perhaps the pm needs to have something to show . 
  or maybe it 's just the opposition calling him out on it , but they really know that he ca n't do much about it . 
  well , even dutch people on reddit do not always represent the general dutch population . 
  / r/thenetherlands is somewhat more pro-eu than the country in general , at least that is the feeling i get . 
  there actually are laws against paying the migrants less . 
  companies are not allowed to pay someone less than the minimum wage ( around 1300 euro a month i think ) . 
  and it goes even further : there are agreements called ` cao ' , which are agreements through collective bargaining between unions , employers and the government . 
  they negotiate salaries and other benefits for their sector , and they also apply to foreigners . 
  so if for example a dutch machine operator makes 2000 , then the polish one also makes at least 2000 . 
  so the whole story of other eu people undercutting us and taking our jobs is , well , just a story . 
  it is not true . 
  there are quite a few people from other eu countries though , but they even do work the locals do n't want to do . 
  work in factories , or work on the harvest . 
  i was in a factory a few years ago and the instructions on the wall were in dutch , english and polish . 
  they could n't find dutch people to work there . 
  yes , but there was a huge no campaign that managed to spin a lot of misinformation , or at least dubious arguments against . 
  it was widely believed that this would be the first step to eu membership ( and of course the netherlands could still veto it even if ukraine applied in the future ) . 
  and also , the current government had a yes campaign . 
  they are hugely , incredibly unpopular , so voting no was also a ` fuck you ' to the government , trying to get our pm to look like an idiot in europe ( as they have to try to get rid of a treaty that was already partly in effect at the time ) . 
  and some of the people who requested the referendum said they did not care about ukraine at all , they just want to undermine the eu . 
  many dutch people are against the idea of a referendum , exactly because of shit like this . 
  it 's pretty clear that every referendum related to the eu will end up in a ` fuck you ' for the eu and the current government . 
  the government did not want the referendum , but with enough signatures anyone can request one . 
  the average person is n't going to read the association agreement : it was huge and most people would n't understand it anyway . 
  you are right that it 's not bad luck , but in countries with coalition governments there is simply no time for a 2 year election campaign because governments can fall at any time .
