  in the netherlands many people went to school with old maps so it 's all just soviet union . 
  people generally know about them ( at least people who are not idiots ) and they have also been in the news with the whole russia and nato thing recently . 
  at least we do n't call women `` madammen '' . 
  that 's something reserved for ladies of a certain profession in the north . 
  dutch and brabantian are also low franconian . 
  it 's the dialects/languages in the north and east of the netherlands that are not , they are low saxon or frisian . 
  i would have expected homos instead of giving that one to denmark . 
  but i 'm fine with assholes . 
  it 's the same everywhere . 
  for the netherlands there is still the issue of war crimes in the colonies ( indonesia ) and how hard it seems to accept that . 
  ca n't apologise for summary executions or it will upset the veterans . 
  it 's the same anywhere , if an apology upsets the narrative of our soldiers as heroes then there will be no apology . 
  germany is more the exception than the rule in how they dealt with the past . 
  but what can they really do ? 
  it 's just that our government is not particularly relevant to the russians at all . 
  i think people care , it 's just that most realise that they will never find the guys who did this . 
  how ? 
  we need them for natural resources . 
  europe would freeze without the russians . 
  that quote is just bullshit meant for public consumption at home . 
  it 's like all the politicians saying `` no more money for greece '' while sending money to greece . 
  it 's meaningless . 
  it 's for internal politics . 
  they do n't care at all what non-russians believe about mh17 . 
  they know we know they are lying and still do n't give a shit . 
  and why would they ? 
  it 's not like anyone is going to do anything about it . 
  but that is because you are connected to a continent full of binge drinkers . 
  for some reason denmark feels a lot like the netherlands . 
  language sounds somewhat similar , the landscape is exactly the same ( all flat ) and even political trends seem to align somewhat . 
  i really do n't get it . 
  the nordic countries are progressive on pretty much everything except drugs , alcohol and hookers . 
  yes , paarden !, 
  he is more egalitarian though . 
  they mean the former king of spain , he was critisised for hunting elephants . 
  it 's not the current king . 
  muslims are not an ethnic group , jews are . 
  in my opinion acceptance of gays is more likely with the death of religion . 
  sort of what is happening in parts of europe . 
  yes , most religions suck when it comes to gay rights . 
  yup . 
  pretty much the only right wing stuff about them is anti-immigration , anti-islam ( if that 's considered right wing ) and tough on crime nonsense . 
  the netherlands . 
  jews are an ethnic group . 
  you can be ethnically jewish but not religious . 
  i actually have no idea what they are protesting for . 
  in the article it only says they are against cheaper imports but it does n't say what it actually is they want . 
  these strikes were n't really mentioned in the dutch news except for how it might affect traffic for tourists ( that 's a common problem with the news here , everything is always explained in how it affects us and not the locals . 
  with the people joining isis it 's always `` let 's hope they stay there '' and no care for what crimes these people may commit against the locals in syria and iraq ) . 
  it 's our national pasttime . 
  but not the assaulting of the lorry drivers and burning their stuff , right ? 
  that 's well beyond protesting , it 's criminal . 
  and i 'm not sure what to make of this protest . 
  the time of subsidised farming is coming to an end , protesting wo n't help . 
  it 's fucking raaaawwwww !, 
  perhaps that is the problem , you need a king to restore order . 
  france has the reputation for republicanism in large part because of the philosophers and thinkers . 
  there have been republics before that . 
  the netherlands declared independence as a republic in 1568 and only became a kingdom much later after napoleon . 
  the althing in iceland is as far as i know the oldest democracy that is still operating today . 
  founded in 930 . 
  no , * ketter * is specifically someone from your religion who has `` wrong '' beliefs or left it . 
  someone who never belonged to your religion is not one . 
  it 's the same with everyone who is a supplier to supermarkets . 
  i know a bunch of people who work for food production plants , and there is this ridiculous idea that prices should go down every year ( on average they go up of course ) . 
  `` if you could sell us that for 2 cents less next year , that would be great mmmkay ? '', 
  in a way the low amount of big retailers and high amount of suppliers has shifted all the power to the retailers . 
  the police should n't have to depend on politicians to do their job . 
  if someone assaults people and destroys their property , they should be arrested regardless of whether the politicians like them or not . 
  she got the falklands back ? 
  it would be pretty easy for the riot police to charge at them , knock them to the floor and haul them off in a police van . 
  these people are barbarians and should n't get their way by vandalism . 
  but people like this should be in jail , regardless of hollande 's opinion . 
  why did n't the police intervene ? 
  they would n't need the ok from politicians , they have their own mandate . 
  this is assault and theft . 
  the dutch word is * ketter * which translates to heretic . 
  since from a christian view a heretic is a christian with the `` wrong '' version of christianity , most turks are not heretics . 
  the phrase : * roken als een ketter * / to smoke like a heretic . 
  tis a silly phrase anyway . 
  heretic would be a better translation of * ketter * i think . 
  this movie is so wonderful . 
  i was about to post it in a comment until i saw yours . 
  `` that 's fer john lennon , you yankee fookin cunt ! '', 
  this one is so wonderful . 
  no idea why it is n't more popular because it 's the best film i 've seen in a long timel . 
  they are sort of right about that , right ? 
  if a full-time job is divided among two people with part time jobs but who want a full-time job , we are in reality one job short . 
  if the people ca n't run their own country and crap spills over the border , then yeah , it 's no wonder the neighbours may intervene . 
  but that is a tiny part of the population . 
  many people have either little education , or a rubbish degree . 
  if you are in a room and you ca n't spot the stupidest person in the room ... 
  i think the problem is that they let in communities of uneducated immigrants for cheap labour , they never learn the language because they expect to go back , then in the end everyone stays . 
  there are so many people that ca n't speak the language despite living here since the 70s or 80s . 
  yes , that happens a lot in the netherlands too . 
  many young people can only get temporary jobs and get fired because after a while they are forced to give you a long-term contract . 
  which of course will never happen because they will have already fired you . 
  then we should get rid of that court too . 
  it 's not like international boundaries mean anything ( ukraine , georgia , iraq , libya ) . 
  the russians are going to give us both belgium and crimea as weregild ?
