  lack of contraception will do that too . 
  it 's pretty much the most noticable thing to me , that i can just hop across the border without anyone giving a shit and i can pay with the same currency . 
  yay , cheap booze and petrol from germany !, 
  it 's the food . 
  i never do sports and i 'm still not fat . 
  but the uk is only in the eu with one foot , they are not even in schengen and still have n't adopted the euro . 
  not exactly sure why they are a member if they do n't really participate . 
  parents are not `` owed '' grandchildren or anything . 
  they could have known there are plenty of people who are not interested in kids at all . 
  lots of narcissists have kids , because they need more people to adore them . 
  agree with the economic part , young people are barely able to live , ca n't bring a kid into that . 
  i can has poland ? 
  looks impressive , but the dutch government just ditched tanks altogether . 
  i think we sold the last tanks to finland or something . 
  so do n't expect us to buy them ( no money anyway ) . 
  there are still the islands in the caribbean . 
  and we gave up beautiful indonesia , which has ten times the population of the netherlands . 
  or maybe they just do n't want kids ? 
  that 's what i thought when they launched the 50 + party ( political party for old people ) . 
  i mean , all the mainstream parties are already old people parties . 
  maybe they can sell it to the other nato states . 
  does it matter which branch of christianity ? 
  am i the only one who gives a shit about the rules ? 
  i do n't think we are going under that fast . 
  anyway , just throw some money at the problem , build some more flood defences . 
  we can try . 
  ah , that is very true . 
  still , it is a much better system than let the current workers pay for the old people . 
  i think the main reason for lack of children is the economic position of young people , many of them have trouble finding jobs or houses , rent is extremely high , they have trouble making ends meet even without children . 
  young people are overrepresented in temporary jobs where it 's next to impossible to get a mortgage . 
  if we want young people to have children they need better prospects . 
  another solution is more immigrants , but that would make voters all butthurt . 
  no , you actually need to set aside money while working to put into a retiremend fund of some kind . 
  that way the current workers pay for their own pensions , not for current pensioners . 
  this is also partly how it works in the netherlands ( there is a part paid for by taxpayers , and a part from retirement fund if you have one ) . 
  it 's a stupid system if the pensions depend on people paying right now . 
  people should have paid for their own pension while they worked , not pray that there will be enough taxpayers to solve it for them . 
  if a country pays pensioners from taxing current workers , then it 's just a pyramid scheme . 
  that is not childcare being cheap , it is other people ( without children ) paying for it through taxes . 
  well , it sort of is the end of their youth . 
  that is a common problem in limburg . 
  so according to you if someone is baptised as a kid and encouraged by other christians without believing anything , that person is a christian ? 
  who is a christian is a complex issue , many different christian denominations do not even consider each other christians . 
  i would say the minimum requirement is that you follow christ and god , if you do n't even believe in god you are simply not a christian . 
  i 'm an atheist myself , if i had been baptised as a baby i would n't even know . 
  yes , 99 % of the world population would improve their lot by going to norway , but norway ca n't be expected to host everyone just because they actually run their country in a good way . 
  to fix this the wars in the middle-east need to stop , and these people need to turn their country into a better place . 
  you ca n't just expect europe to take in everyone who lives in a shitty country . 
  and i disagree about the interventions , afghanistan already was a shithole long before 2001 . 
  syria and iraq are much more of a shithole now because there has been no real intervention , just some bombing of isis . 
  it 'll probably takes years or more to take out these idiots . 
  the point of universal human rights is that they are universal , the `` as long as they are only killing each other '' sounds like a pretty bad argument to me . 
  in this case , allowing the civil war to go on led to the success of isis and it spills over to other countries . 
  better they had nipped it in the bud , end the war swiftly . 
  now we are looking at years and years of fighting isis . 
  we should enforce it much more . 
  every time with ww2 memorials people say `` never again '' , but then no one does anything when a war is going on literally when they say those words . 
  why do n't human rights apply to the civilians in syria ? 
  what i was trying to say was more the opposite . 
  if countries support human rights , they should be prepared to enforce it . 
  the syrian war has been going on for four years now . 
  the international community can easily defeat the syrian armed forces , so it 's just a matter of people not being willing to do anything . 
  then why did n't anyone lift a finger to stop the war in syria ? 
  words on paper does n't mean anything if it is not enforced . 
  explain to me how you can be a christian without believing in the doctrine ? 
  it does n't matter who is a member of what , those are just papers . 
  it 's what the person actually believes . 
  just because the government or the church calls something `` official '' it does n't make it true . 
  no , they are simply using the wrong terminology . 
  if 76 % of people are members of the rc church , there are many who simply did n't bother to leave it , but are still not christians . 
  it works much better when you ask people what they believe . 
  in the netherlands only 17 % are theists , but there are 40 % `` catholics '' or something . 
  these people are not catholics at all since they do n't even believe in god . 
  they are atheists that did n't bother to officially tell the rc church to fuck off . 
  it is the guardian after all . 
  of course you ca n't be a christian and a non-believer . 
  you can be a member of the church , but that does n't make you a real christian . 
  if you do n't believe in god then you are an atheist , regardless of whether you were baptized or not . 
  there is n't any equivalent , at least not in modern history . 
  or keep a bank from collapsing for five minutes . 
  how can people live from 589 ? 
  i live in the netherlands and that is sort of the minimum rent you can find anywhere , let alone insurance and food stuff . 
  wow , that guy got scewed over . 
  yes , fuck them !, 
  what have they ever done for us ? 
  they are overloaded with carbohydrates though . 
  there are much healthier foods , such as beans or fish . 
  people tend to overeat carbohydrates anyway . 
  i thought swedes would find it a good deal , since there are almost norefugees who speak swedish while there are a lot that speak french . 
  yeah , pakistan was able to build their nuclear stuff because of urenco , surely we can do it too . 
  i never got why so many people are against nuclear weapons ( or energy ) . 
  nukes are so good you do n't actually need to use them , fewer victims than bullets and landmines . 
  like the british trident system . 
  if anyone invades they should pray they are unsuccesful , because successful invasion --  boom . 
  that 's why i think the netherlands should build a bunch of nuclear weapons and delivery systems . 
  that way no one would invade even if nato bailed out . 
  ah , makes sense . 
  i think the swastika already fell out of favor here when christianity arrived . 
  yes , calling it stone age technology is stupid , but there is a lot of resentment in the north of the netherlands for the drilling of natural gas ( not fracking ) , because it causes earthquakes and it has been getting worse . 
  the people living there are screwed over by the government because they have been extremely slow/stingy with compensation .
