  i think the problem with learning the cases and genders in german is that you ca n't really learn them . 
  there is no way you can keep a conversation going when in your head you need to go over all the cases . 
  the best way is probably a lot of immersion and practice until you understand the cases intuitively rather than intellectually . 
  in dutch many non-native speakers mess up gender , they always use ` de ' and do n't differentiate between de/het . 
  i sounds ugly but everyone understands what they mean . 
  sometimes even second generation immigrants do this . 
  i think that the only way to learn this is immersion in dutch , read a lot , watch dutch media . 
  you ca n't always look up the gender in the dictionary every time you say a word . 
  i think this is why most dutch people no longer remember what words are masculine and what words are feminine as the difference in definite articles between m/f has disappeared . 
  technically we should still refer to some things as ` her ' instead of ` him ' but most people do n't . 
  i find it is hard to build up an active vocabulary . 
  i can understand most german , and i sort of understand the grammar , but i have a hard time speaking the language because i just ca n't find the words . 
  but i understand them when i hear them , i just ca n't come up with the words myself . 
  when i was young online games were n't really a thing , but i learned a lot of english from reading and re-reading the books of tolkien . 
  so whenever someone i do n't like comes up to me i cry `` get thee gone , foul dwimmerlaik ! '', 
  i actually do n't know the reasoning behind it . 
  but the hague has been the political center in medieval times . 
  check out the binnenhof on wikipedia , it has what is called the ridderzaal ( knight 's hall ) that has been a center of power since the 13th century , when it was founded by the counts of holland . 
  even today that is where the monarch gives a speech from the throne every year , representing the parliament , a sort of ` state of the union ' type of speech , introducing the policy for next year ( created by the cabinet of course , not the king himself ) . 
  the binnenhof is still the political center of the country . 
  amsterdam and the hague are fairly close together , so it 's not really a problem . 
  the monarch has palaces in both cities for official events . 
  btw , the binnenhof is also where one of the chief politicians of the time was beheaded in 1619 , johan van oldenbarnevelt , during our independence war with spain and a time where political and religious opponents were sometimes executed or murdered . 
  there is now a statue of him on the other side of the hofvijver , a pond next to the binnenhof . 
  and another btw , our anthem still speaks of loyalty to the king of spain , 
  hey , if it 's not nailed down ... 
  i 'm already sweating and feeling horrible at 30c , i ca n't imagine much higher temperatures . 
  i 'm going crazy here , fortunately temperatures will be going down in a few days . 
  that second one is hilarious . 
  took me a moment to get it . 
  translate it : moerasmof . 
  i like the term swamp german . 
  i use it myself , and i made a nice translation : moerasmof . 
  the romans !, 
  your comment scared my cat . 
  perhaps because of all the drugs tourism ? 
  i can imagine people do n't like pot because of the increased traffic and bother if the live near a pot store . 
  also , i find that younger or more educated people are more accepting of it . 
  i live in a ` volksbuurt ' and the two pot stores here have both been vandalised ( set on fire ) multiple times by angry locals . 
  while when i was at university people were passing around joints and no one cared . 
  i know you are not american but canadian , so at least still loyal to the queen , but i was reminded of this clip : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=40xspbwmtba, 
  i 'm not sure , i do n't see a problem with having a professional do it , a doctor specialised in euthenasia . 
  i think that in switzerland and the netherlands they already have specialised euthenasia teams . 
  wow , that actually sounds awful . 
  it 's 30c in my building now and i already feel awful , i ca n't imagine anyone going into such a hot room of their own free will . 
  how do people survive 40c ? 
  it 's 30c in my building right now and i ca n't function at all . 
  and not two weeks ago my car windows got frozen during the night . 
  humidity here is also awfully high . 
  and if we had any insects that large i would clean my house with a fucking flamethrower . 
  and they call you colonials . 
  move to the free world !, 
  where booze is ... well , not free , but affordable at least . 
  with this weather everywhere is a sauna . 
  i 'm being cooked alive here . 
  well , finland gave something to the world . 
  finnish language and mythology were part of the inspirations of tolkien and his works . 
  otherwise , i got nothing . 
  i love how that one guy took his couch with him when going for a stroll in the park . 
  need something to sit on , right ? 
  you can not into the north . 
  people only go out when there are no other people on the streets . 
  otherwise people might try to talk to you and we ca n't have that . 
  and it 's too sunny , better close the curtains and stay indoors with a stiff drink and hope this hot weather passes . 
  probably because most of the population is on the booze ferry to talinn . 
  ah , nice to know . 
  but it does n't make sense to put cyprus in the same list as ireland when it comes to speaking english , as the other poster did , because in ireland it is the native language for most people while in cyprus it 's not . 
  there are many other european countries with good english proficiency that do not have it as an official language , such as the scandinavian countries . 
  i think people get english in school in most european countries . 
  i did n't mean to say it did !, 
  i just said that if the law disqualified you from euthenasia whenever you get a mental condition , that means the law is actually pushing people to off themselves before that point in time . 
  it would be a great system if it means that you can consent to your own death prematurely , so that you wo n't end up mentally disabled and no longer allowed a way out . 
  i do n't want to be trapped in my own body . 
  do n't you mean official language ? 
  for people in malta and cyprus english is just an official language , not their native one as far as i know . 
  that is just nonsense . 
  what do you want , people throwing themselves in front of trains to end their suffering ? 
  it 's perfectly possible to have euthenasia and yet not have the government forcefully killing sick people . 
  which means you have to off yourself before you become mentally incompetent . 
  does n't sound like a good idea to me . 
  i believe in both the right to die and the right to live . 
  never force anyone to live , and never force anyone to die , unless in self-defense . 
  imagine if someone with a sick animal was waiting for a train to pass , to throw their pet under a train . 
  people would consider that person a monster . 
  you mean a gun ? 
  what does it matter ? 
  if there were euthenasia specialists who know their job is killing people humanely , and they choose to do it as a job , what is wrong with it ? 
  the alternative is that you have people jumping in front of trains , traumatising the train operator , who is even legally obliged to check out whether the corpse is still alive . 
  better have someone die peacefully , with the inevitable death adminstered by a professional . 
  i do n't think this is a bad idea . 
  i feel that knowing there is ' a way out ' gives great comfort . 
  of course people will still off themselves even if it is n't legal , because at that point you do n't care anymore . 
  what are they going to do , summon your ghost for trial ? 
  is that tea with j\u00e4germeister ? 
  i could live with that . 
  perhaps it sounds cynical , but a lack of colonies that produced tea . 
  now why would they do that ? 
  i drink booze when i 'm sick , and tea when i 'm not . 
  his family were sephardic jews from portugal i think . 
  but it does serve another purpose !,
