  of the americas , it is the country with the most hindus per capita . 
  there is a lot of religious diversity as well , hinduism , islam , christianity , judaism . 
  check out the demographics of suriname on wikipedia , it must be one of the weirdest countries on earth . 
  oh , here is an example , [ prem radhakishun ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/prem_radhakishun ) , who is a lawyer and tv personality . 
  he was born in suriname to a family of indian origin , but in the netherlands everyone just considers him a surinamese-dutch ( in part because of his accent , which gives away where he grew up ) . 
   i feel like everything in europe is at least 100 years old . 
  no , it just looks that way because of shoddy maintenance , 
  or instead ask / r/exmuslim . 
  ethnicity is n't just about biology , language and culture are just as important . 
  you ca n't distinguish a german person from a polish person by how they look , or a turkish person and a kurdish person , but they are different ethnicities . 
  or look at former yugoslavia , where the ethnicities are basically centered around religion and little else . 
  slovenes and croats are catholic and use the latin alphabet , bosniaks are muslims , and serbs use cyrillic and are orthodox . 
  or look at the broad category of arabs . 
  you have very white arabs with blue eyes and light hair , and you have very dark arabs such as in sudan , who look like sub-saharan africans . 
  i always thought obama looks a lot like mandela , especially when smiling . 
  of course their ancestry is from completely different parts of africa , but there is a resemblance . 
  from my experience not all gypsies look exactly like her ... 
  from what i know , sab is british . 
  and i am not familiar with any of their beers except for the polish tyskie . 
  not something you buy , but they may still gain money from you using it by showing adds , or by them gathering information about your internet behaviour . 
  youtube is also owned by google i think . 
  and many people have android on their phones/tablets . 
  strangely i 'm drinking a jack and coke right now . 
  even then i ca n't really think of many us products , except apple and microsoft . 
  american cars are very uncommon here , except for ford . 
  edit : perhaps i 'm just forgetting a lot , there are quite a few mcdonald 's and burger king restaurants as well . 
  i do n't think anyone alters their behaviour because of this . 
  most people probably barely noticed the climate agreement , and if they do they forgot about it the next day . 
  i think one of the main issues in many countries is how trump 's election is going to affect the future of nato . 
  in the netherlands the buses are also organised locally , but the payment system is nation-wide . 
  public transport is privatised , and the municipality ( or province ? 
  not sure ) decides which bus company is hired for the job . 
  anyway , there are different train and bus companies but the payment method is universal . 
  and i 'm not sure that it 's necessarily easier for a small country to organise this . 
  the country has 17 million people on a tiny area with lots of rivers , and a huge amount of medium-size cities and towns . 
  this makes it a nightmare to organise the railways , and also for highways . 
  yup , high schools . 
  some of them offer spanish , chinese , russian , turkish or stuff like that . 
  but it 's not that common . 
  gymnasium always has latin and ancient greek though . 
  we call them ` pinpas ' , but they are just debit cards you get from your bank . 
  we also have contactless travel cards for buses/trains/trams , but obviously they do n't work outside of the country . 
  it is country-wide though , no regional differences . 
  ah , at university , what i meant was in high school  we got mandatory english/french/german in high school , and english in primary school , and no languages in university . 
  it was expected you already knew english as many of the teaching materials were only available in english . 
  there are some schools these days that offer more exotic languages . 
  nah , it 's fine in other countries to take the ashes home . 
  and it 's not a health hazard , ashes are less likely to infect you with something than a live human . 
  yes , it 's a debit card , with a 4 number code . 
  that 's all i have to pay with , aside from cash . 
  it 's great that you have so many choices in school . 
  we just had mandatory english , german and french . 
  no pin ? 
  that sounds pretty awful . 
  in the netherlands there is the ov-kaart , which allows you to electronically check into buses , trains and trams . 
  i think that honour goes to ulrich or g\u00fcnther . 
  perhaps hookers and dealers accept bitcoin or something like that ? 
  i 'm reading the wikipedia article on that siege , interesting stuff . 
  i had heard of it but did n't really know anything about it , it was from just before i was born , and is probably ( outside the uk ) a bit overshadowed by all the other stuff that happened since . 
  it reminds me a bit of the dutch hostage crises in the late 70s and its impact . 
  in the netherlands they also created an anti-terror unit after munich , and they were also used for the first time a few years after , when there was a series of hostage takings by moluccan freedom fighters who were upset because the netherlands promised them the moluccas/ambon , but it was annexed by indonesia . 
  this is the most famous one , the [ the train highjacking near de punt in 1977 ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1977_dutch_train_hostage_crisis ) where the new unit succesfully freed most of the hostage , and they used jet fighters to fly over low with afterburners on to create confusion and make it impossible to hear someone speak . 
  these crises had a major impact . 
  it was in the news again two weeks ago , an anonymous source claims that there was a direct order from the government that none of the hostage takers should come out alive , and that two were deliberately executed . 
  two did make it out alive though . 
  is that a famous picture ? 
  i 'm not familiar with it , curious where it is and what conflict . 
  perhaps from the poster , as there are different interpretations of `` knowing '' someone . 
  ah , interesting . 
  i 'm still really old fashioned and only have 30 channels and one of those old light bulb tv 's . 
  i 'm waiting for it to break down so i can justify to myself to upgrade the whole set , 
  but i think that may be changing , at least in some places . 
  most young germans i met preferred subs , but then most of them were young students so probably do n't reflect the general population . 
  i think we are well off with our own public channels , but i think it would be interesting to have a channel with some of the highlights of what other countries watch on tv . 
  here there is a lot of english content , and i 've seen the occasional german or french movie or tv show , but not much beyond that . 
  oh , it 's not that hard to subtitle live events , you just need a few seconds time delay . 
  i 've seen a lot of interviews with live subtitles . 
  dubbing is n't really used here except for children 's cartoons . 
  i feel that live subbing is better than live dubbing , because you can at least hear the original voice and tone , and the dubbing always results in someone talking without any emotion . 
  and subbing has the advantage that you can also listen to the person in the original language if you happen to know it . 
  also , the public broadcaster here that does the news also has ( optional ) live subtitles in dutch , for deaf people . 
  subtitles could fix that . 
  in my former hometown i could receive arte , and they had very interesting programmes in french and german , but they had no subtitles . 
  i had french and german in school , but my french is n't really good enough to understand anything beyond the most simple phrases . 
  i remember they had a hugely interesting documentary about the migration period balkans , but it was in french and i could only understand bits of it . 
  i do n't know how much demand there would be for something such as arte . 
  around here , trashy reality shows are popular , and historical documentaries are non-existent . 
  i 'm a native speaker and even to me some dialects of dutch sound like gibberish . 
  but belgian dutch is n't flemish either , it is standard dutch . 
  wow , interesting video . 
  the scary part is that things like these are usually from plans by older politicians who are not necessarily good with technology . 
  it also depends on what is meant by flemish . 
  if it is dutch as spoken in flanders , then it sounds different but is very much mutually intelligible ( and considered the same language ) . 
  but the flanders dialect is something else entirely , that is what is spoken in the west of the flanders region , the provinces of east and west flanders . 
  the dialect is very different ( i do n't understand it ) . 
  ah , in the netherlands there is something similar , a company called centerparcs . 
  they have several locations , even ones abroad , and arrangements for christmas , and stuff for kids . 
  here is the international website : http://www.centerparcs.com/gb-en?__utma=227518914.973826615.1479121340.1479121340.1479121340.1&amp;__utmb=227518914.6.10.1479121340&amp;__utmc=227518914&amp;__utmx=-&amp;__utmz=227518914.1479121340.1.1.utmcsr=google%7cutmccn= ( organic ) % 7cutmcmd = organic % 7cutmctr = ( not % 20provided ) & __ utmv = - & __ utmk = 212906775 ( could n't make a link because this horribly long one contains those formatting symbols as well ) but be careful if your kid ca n't swim . 
  and it would probably be a bit more fun for him if he has some basic swimming skills . 
  kids can fairly easily learn to float on their back , and basic forward swimming .
