  my family is from the west and north , so to me any accent from `` south of the rivers '' ( the rhine , among others ) is an acquired taste . 
  you are just jealous that you do n't have such a popular king and queen as we have . 
  join us , with a reformed king and a roman catholic queen all will be well !, 
  do n't worry , germanic languages sound weird even to native speakers . 
  while the germans are digging holes in our beaches , probably building the next atlantic wall . 
  why are germans always digging holes ? 
  ( germans digging holes is a common stereotype here ), 
  some mobile homes in the netherlands are brick and mortar , and are technically movable , but in practice are more like mobile homes . 
  there are ` woonwagenkampen ' , people who live in trailer parks , similar to irish travellers , and there are also gypsies who live in a similar manner . 
  the homes are generally not moved around much . 
  http://www.hoorngids.nl/content/7951/news/clnt/3250536_1_org.jpg http://static2.trouw.nl/static/photo/2014/17/2/4/20140115105935/media_xl_2043334.jpg technically trailer parks , but just as comfortable as a normal house . 
  is your name j. clarkson ? 
  the vvd would certainly not have become as right-wing as the pvv , but it 's possible that there could have been a shift to the right . 
  many people though of rutte as the left-flank of the vvd . 
  but i think wilders is quite aware that he is not going to be pm with the pvv , or at least that it is extremely unlikely . 
  and perhaps a more moderate wilders would attract more votes . 
  i know some very right-wing vvd voters who think the vvd went too far to the left , but they still refuse to vote pvv because `` wilders is een hork '' , too rude and too extreme . 
  true , but he could have tried to steer the vvd slightly more right wing ( of course he could n't say back then what he says now ) . 
  there are enough voters on the right , rita verdonk was also a fairly popular member of the vvd while she was still a member . 
  what if wilders had waited , and tried to become party leader by being a slightly more right-wing version of rutte ? 
  argyrius already posted the link but a ) got cut off , so here it is again : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/house_of_representatives_ ( netherlands ) now , the house of representatives ( lower house , or tweede kamer meaning second chamber/house ) has 150 seats , so a majority is 76 seats , and that is required to form a government . 
  example of the current coalition : vvd ( liberal in the european style : free-market , somewhat right wing economics , moderate/mainstream on social issues ) and pvda ( labour party , mainstream social democrats ) . 
  vvd got 41 seats , pvda 38 , so together they could form a coalition of 79 seats . 
  we do n't elect the prime minister , he gets appoined by the newly formed majority coalition in the lower house , but it 's usually the # 1 of the largest party of the coalition . 
  in theory they could appoint pretty much anyone though . 
  now , what power would wilders have if he becomes the largest party , but is unable to form a majority coalition ? 
  still quite a bit . 
  when a new coalition is formed the parties agree to a ` regeerakkoord ' , which is a document that details what policies they agree to vote for and implement together . 
  for things not in the regeerakkoord , parties within the same coalition can sometimes vote for what they believe in , even if it goes against their coalition partner . 
  in this case , opposition parties such as wilders ' pvv can influence the outcome . 
  opposition parties can vote for or against motions , and even put up their own motions for a vote ( which will not succeed if the coalition partners stand against the motion , since they have the majority ) . 
  another thing is that the government might not have a majority in the upper house ( senate ) , so they need to gather support from opposition parties there , which may require concessions . 
  i think it was with the blasphemy law a few years ago , there was a majority for revoking it but a tiny ( 2-3 seats ) christian party , the sgp , was against it . 
  the government needed their support in the senate so they suspended revoking the blashpemy law ( it 's gone now though ) . 
  i think it was the blasphemy law , though i 'm not completely sure , could be something else related to the social issues important to sgp . 
  so i do n't think the people voting for wilders are expecting him to be in the center of political power , but he does have quite a bit of influence . 
  forming a coalition is going to be very difficult if the polls turn out to be correct . 
  here is one of the latest polls : http://www.ipsos-nederland.nl/ipsos-politieke-barometer/barometer-van-deze-week orange is how many seats they got in the tweede kamer in the last election ( though many parties have had a few members go awol since then ) . 
  as you can see , the vvd is projected to be the largest party by a small margin , with wilders ' pvv second . 
  if it ends up like in this poll , i really see no feasible coalitions with fewer than 4 parties , which is going to be a major pain to arrange and not have it fall apart after a few months . 
  if wilders was power-hungy , he would have remained with the more mainstream vvd , as they actually have a shot at forming governments and such . 
  i believe wilders really believes in his ideology , and does n't just say it to win votes . 
  the odds of him becoming pm with his current party are very small indeed ( impossible in practice because of the election system , even if he got double the votes he gets in the polls he wo n't have a majority by himself ) . 
  and he has been under permanent police protection for over a decade , getting death threats all the time . 
  he 's not doing it just for kicks , i feel he strongly believes in his mission . 
  he also blew up the coalition government he was in , he could have gone along with the other parties and remained in power for 4 years , but he chose not to . 
  i have n't had any experience with them as i 've never met an american soldier here . 
  i know there are few . 
  there one base that is used by both the dutch and american air forces , [ volkel air base ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/volkel_air_base ) . 
  that 's the place where american nukes are stored , to be used by dutch f16s if needed . 
  it was at first done in secret and fairly controversial in the past , when everyone seemed against nuclear weapons for some reason . 
  then there is a nato command at brunssum : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/allied_joint_force_command_brunssum i do n't see it as an occupation at all , in fact i think the us is wasting their money here . 
  let the europeans pay for their own defense . 
  i saw the point in the time period after ww2 , but europe has recoved enough that it does n't need the us so much anymore . 
  that was to prevent the soviets from taking over . 
  it worked , west germany was not invaded , probably largely thanks through the efforts of nato . 
  ah , i did n't see at first what you meant , but you are correct of course . 
  that was what i was trying to say . 
  my sentence is very ambiguous : [ the akp got 69 % of their votes ] [ from turks in the netherlands ] versus [ the akp got ] [ 69 % of the votes from turks in the netherlands ], 
  that was more or less what i tried to say , you just phrased it better , 
  technically finland is n't scandinavian . 
  so only in denmark is prostitution completely legal . 
  well , it is what i think of . 
  it 's not the government 's business whether someone drinks or smokes weed . 
  and we can go on about sexual rights as well . 
  in most scandinavian countries prostitution is still illegal . 
  that depends on what you define as a leftist . 
  if it 's about a socialist revolution that wrecked central and eastern europe , a lot . 
  if it 's about the modern day social democrats that exist in many european countries , they seem fairly decent guys mostly ( though i still wo n't vote for them ) . 
  the akp got 69 % of the votes from turks in the netherlands . 
  i see a trend here . 
  dutch people from the south also sound obnoxious to me . 
  i think it is more of a perception ( some accents and languages sound nice * to you * , others do n't ) , and the people at linguistics may also know about social aspects of language , prestige dialects and such . 
  i think it might be a sound shift , i 've noticed before that in american english sometimes the a sounds more like that . 
  this would probably be a good question for / r/linguistics . 
  there 's lots of research into different accents and how they change over time , and the adoption of english words into other languages . 
  what is gi ? 
  but their appearance still varies quite a bit , and some of them would look obviously foreign in denmark . 
  many people in the balkans have a very mediterranean appearance . 
  of course they are white , but still a different ethnicity . 
  bulgaria also is n't that ethnically homogenous , there is a very large minority of turkish descent , and there are roma/gypsie people as well . 
  what happened in amsterdam ? 
  it does n't seem to be news-worthy here . 
  yes , even though napoleon did n't die at waterloo . 
  it is just an expression , but ` waterloo ' generally means a very bad ending . 
  `` he found his waterloo '' means he either died , or had some other horrible misfortune . 
  waterloo was a victory for our side , but somehow we managed to turn it into a bad thing . 
  but this is the netherlands . 
  we are pretty depressive , we lack ` joie de vivre ' . 
  he also sort of invaded all of europe and kind of succeeded . 
  in the netherlands waterloo is a synonym for meeting your end . 
  you 'll never know if you wo n't try . 
  i 've heard that drinking does n't solve all my problems , but that does n't mean i stop trying . 
  about the perception of pakistanis , i do n't really know in the netherlands . 
  probably considered more south asian than middle-eastern , but if they wear those very conservative muslim dress ( white robe , long beard with trimmed mustache ) than they 'll probably just be lumped under the generic ` muslim ' category . 
  there are many pakistanis and indians in britain , but very few in the netherlands , probably because of the colonial history . 
  we have lots of indonesians and indo people ( mixed dutch-indonesian ) from the former colony , and we have quite a few turks and moroccans who migrated since the 60s/70s for work , and also a bunch of caribbean ( antilles , suriname ) people from former colonies . 
  now interestingly quite a few south asian people in the netherlands came via suriname , so they 'll probably get lumped in with the surinamese people , who have a very diverse population . 
  especially if they speak dutch with the accent of suriname . 
  i think the people of south asian descent are the largest group in suriname .
