  it 's about the resistance of ww2 , probably one of the best dutch movies . 
  zwartboek/blackbook : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/black_book_ ( film ) another ww2 movie , and again by the same director . 
  was the french movie banlieu 13 ? 
  go to a kid 's movie ( usually subbed ) , or a dutch production . 
  one of the best dutch movies : soldier of orange , soldaat van oranje . 
  mostly dutch , but it has german and english as well . 
  strangely i have never seen the harry potter movies in dutch , here it 's always in english with subs . 
  i think dubbing is becoming more common . 
  but when i grew up in the 80s and 90s , the cartoons and movies i watched were subbed . 
  once you can read , and once you get used to subs , it 's not distracting at all . 
  that 's one of my main criticisms of dubbing , an example such as johnny depp . 
  you ca n't really replace his voice , because it 's part of the performance . 
  he sounds somewhere between effeminate and drunk , it 's part of the act . 
  and changing voice actors in between different movies really breaks suspension of disbelief . 
  the skyrim one sounds pretty bad . 
  i 've only played it in english , i do n't think there is a dutch version . 
  `` himmelsrand '' sounds pretty silly . 
  i can still hear the phrase in english : skyrim for the nords !, 
  i 'm a bit on the fence about the got names you mention . 
  it 's of course a problem with stuff such as harry potter as well : if people are already familiar with the original english names from the books , then it 's confusing if they translate them for the show/movie . 
  i remember that tolkien even wrote a ` note on translations ' after being dissatisfied with some translations of lord of the rings . 
  he explains how and whether names should be translated , mostly aimed at germanic languages : brandywine could be brandewijn in dutch ( same meaning ) . 
  i just looked it up , and it 's weinbrand in german . 
  but tolkien also said that the more exotic fantasy names of his constructed languages should never be altered or translated . 
  i really prefer subbing to dubbing though . 
  when i watched for example james bond dubbed in german , it was more for the lulz , because he 's quintessentially british and they are all speaking german . 
  german already sounds a bit funny to dutch people ( and from my experience , vice versa ) because the languages are so similar . 
  that is very similar to what many swords were during historical times . 
  aside from the huge two-handed swords , swords and knifes and anything in between was generally wearable : it was a sidearm in most cases . 
  you could do other tasks while still carrying it as a backup weapon , such as directing troop or supply movements , operating a cannon , riding a horse . 
  i should have known they often keep names like mr bond in their english version , i 've seen a bunch of movies dubbed to german . 
  that was actually one of the more jarring things for me , the insistance on using english names and titles and english pronunciation ( but often with a noticable german accent ) for them . 
  it sounded really weird to me . 
  and indeed yours is far closer , as in english it 's something like `` i expect you to die '' and not `` i want you to die '' . 
  it 's been years since i 've seen that movie . 
  and my german is pretty bad , i had german in school but i 'd say that my use of german is mostly passive . 
  you ca n't really lie in tax forms in the netherlands , unless you are hiding cash at home . 
  in fact , my tax form is already filled out * by the government * , i just need to check it and click `` ok '' . 
  the government gets the information directly from the banks . 
  yeah , but that 's probably just them trying to be elitist . 
  i think one of the main reasons that many people outside of the anglosphere speak english , is because they use english outside of the classroom as well . 
  there is simply a huge amount of english media content . 
  in the netherlands and scandinavia , english-language shows are generally not dubbed but subbed , so you hear the language all the time . 
  i grew up on star wars , james bond , dad 's army , keeping up appearances , that stuff . 
  later , clarkson-era top gear was also very popular here . 
  and a lot of the humour is n't easy to translate , so it 's funnier when you actually understand the spoken english ( do n't want to miss a knob joke ) . 
  the english education was ok , but not very useful . 
  we got a few basic phrases and grammar in the last two years of primary school , from teachers who just general teachers and not actually english teachers , so it was extremely basic . 
  but during secondary education a lot of people were way ahead of what we were learning at school . 
  most of my classmates and i read the lord of the rings in english at 13-14 or so , while the teacher was still babbling about conjugating verbs . 
  never really did any homework for english classes after that , except the book reports and showing up for class and exams . 
  i even lost my workbook for the last two years , and found it only after i had passed the exams . 
  so i think that for learning a language it 's important to get the basics , the pronunciation , the main ( often irregular ) verbs , the spelling , and basic sentence structure , and after that you just need to acquire more vocabulary and use the language as the natives do . 
  you do n't learn a language from school courses . 
  so if you want to learn more french or german , watch movies in that language , or visit the corners of the internet where that language is used ( forums , computer games , reddit ) . 
  watch the news in that language . 
  read a book in that language . 
  also , most english movies are dubbed to german or french , so you could watch a movie you already know in french or german . 
  ( ok , probably not-so-good german ), 
  they are very similar . 
  there are some differences , and indonesian has more dutch loanwords , and malay more english loanwords , because of the colonial history . 
  i know someone who speaks indonesian and he could get by fine in singapore . 
  btw , many people in indonesia ( the majority ) do n't speak indonesian as a first language . 
  there are many regional languages , but bahasa indonesia is the lingua franca . 
  the extremely similar malay has been the lingua franca for the whole region for a very long time . 
  the language is suppedly relative easy to learn , as it has fairly simple grammar ( which makes sense , as a lingua franca is often spoken by non-native speakers ) , and it also has fairly standardised spelling . 
  you 'll never know all of the vocabulary of a language , not even of your native language . 
  i still sometimes learn new words in my own language . 
  i do n't exactly know how voting works , but it 's people from one country giving points to people from the other contestants . 
  so if your country is n't in eurovision , you are n't supposed to vote . 
  i agree about the singing in a native language . 
  i really like hearing other languages . 
  i have n't tried the ones from jumbo , but usually the store brands are the budget version or semi-budget version . 
  the top brands for hagelslag are de ruiter and venz . 
  dark chocolate is actually somewhat healthy , as cocoa contains good nutrients . 
  but most of he sprinkles are fairly sugary . 
  well , make sure to vary it of course , stuff such as eggs and kwark are high in protein , which should help with working out . 
  the opposite of the netherlands . 
  tea in the morning , coffee for the rest of the day . 
  i think those drinks are mainly for people who are n't really hungry in the morning , or do n't like breakfast , or do n't have a lot of time in the morning . 
  there are a bunch of different varieties of different fruits , some have small bits of cereal in them , others have small chunks of fruit . 
  i really like butter , if it 's real butter and not the fake stuff . 
  hagelslag is chocolate , and if you get it you need the dark chocolate ones . 
  as a kid i used to take a lump of butter and hagelslag , and mix them together , and eat it without bread . 
  we often had breakfast like this : a soft boiled egg , warm toast with a lot of real butter and hagelslag , or with butter and jam , accompanied by a cup of tea . 
  i know many people also had a glass of milk , but i do n't really like milk . 
  8 slices ? 
  wtf ? 
  you need to take the dark chocolate ones . 
  the white/milk ones do n't have enough chocolate taste in my opinion . 
  and from a good brand : there are also brands that are fake chocolate . 
  and you need to eat it with a generous amount of real butter . 
  and preferably on warm toast , so that the butter melts , and you have a toast that is both crispy and soggy at the same time . 
  fvd ? 
  here in the netherlands i have two belgian channels from their public broadcaster . 
  do n't really watch them a lot . 
  sometimes they even subtitle the flemish people that show up in dutch shows on dutch channels . 
  and for belgium : not everyone there speaks both languages . 
  a lot of tv shows and movies in the netherlands are english-language with dutch subtitles . 
  since i was a kid they had movie such james bond and star wars on tv , and a lot of british tv shows such as dad 's army , allo allo , blackadder , that stuff , and the old spaghetti westerns .
