  and then of course there are varieties such as swiss german , which is really hard ( impossible ) to follow for me . 
  and luxembourg is close to the netherlands only from the perspective of people who live in large countries , such as the us  there are people a few towns over that i can not really understand at all if they speak the local dialect . 
  i could drive an hour north or east , or two hours south , and if people speak the local dialect i pretty much do n't understand them . 
  but that 's because i only speak standard dutch , which is mostly based on the haarlem accent from the west , and my parents are also both from the west . 
  yes , and a controversial politicians that pretty much has no shot of getting in power . 
  but israel does n't throw shit at him . 
  it 's just that he visited israel when he was young and really liked the country . 
  he has a history of appearing with very right wing israel supporters , both in israel and in the us . 
  he is somewhat of an outlier since many in the european far-right are somewhat antisemitic , or have voters that are . 
  but yeah , i do n't think the government of israel cares about what he thinks . 
  shutting coal mines in britain should aid germany , as it may raise the price of coal . 
  but of course it 's still possible to dislike someone 's policies even if they do n't affect you , based on values ( such as feeling sorry for the brits who lost their jobs ) . 
  it 's the same in the netherlands . 
  kissing between m/m is usually only among very close relatives , such as brothers or father/son . 
  and the kissing between m/f and f/f is usually three times , one cheeck , then the other , then the first cheeck again . 
   sex festivals in enschede please tell me more . 
  i do n't think so . 
  and many of them probably are n't : there are regions where they speak low saxon ( or low german ) , and in the province of frisia they speak frisian . 
  modern dutch comes from old frankish , and most people are probably descendants of frankish people , but there are also frisians and saxons . 
  and different tribes : the batavians are often seen as the progenitors of the netherlands , and the tubantes of the people of twente ( a dutch province ) . 
  but i think that any differences between the closely related germanic tribes was gone some 1000 years ago . 
  we learn about charlemagne , but the main events that shaped our country are the eighty years war , and of course world war 2 . 
  linguistically we are heirs of old frankish , but the ` identity ' is just dutch . 
  and it says ' 3/4 zware shag ' in dutch , meaning ' 3/4 heavy tobacco '  * javaanse jongens * means `` guys from java '' , in indonesia , our former colony . 
  there are lots of smokers in indonesia btw , and * kretek * is popular there , cigarettes that also contain cloves . 
  i smoked one of those cigarettes once , they are fairly harsh . 
  the name * kretek * is because of the sound it makes , you can hear a crackling sound when you smoke it . 
  it looks much better this way . 
  i quite like the way it looks . 
  we used to have a similar motto on our currency ( before the euro ) , `` god zij met ons '' . 
  is there something to see under all that bird poo ? 
  seriously , it looks pretty awesomely art-deco-ish , but they should get someone to clean it up a bit . 
   from russia , with love . 
  i like my debit card . 
  recently they introduced the contactless paymen stuff here as well . 
  if it 's under 25 euro you do n't even need to enter a pin number , you just hold your card near the machine and it bleeps . 
  it almost feels as if you are taking stuff for free . 
  i know some people that prefer cash , as they will get a certain amount at the beginning of the month so it helps them with budgeting . 
  yavuz ikenderoglu is the name of the inventor ? 
  what does the - oglu mean , i see it more often in turkish names . 
  is it `` son of '' or something ? 
  since it seems to contain tomatoes and tomato sauce , it was probably not invented by alexander , as tomatoes are from the new world , 
  the government probably uses some type of fyrom in official communication , but in daily speech it 's always just * macedoni\u00eb * ( with the c pronounced as an s , and the \u00eb being a schwa ) . 
  i vaguely recall it now . 
  ah , my family is from the tradionally protestant/calvinist parts of the country . 
  today there are more catholics in the netherland than protestants , even though the country was ` founded ' by a protestant rebellion . 
  ~ ~ we do n't have any three kings day here , ~ ~ but we have saint nicholas who brings presents to children on december 5th . 
  i did n't even know today was a holiday . 
  edit : apparently we do . 
  ukraine is n't in the eu or nato , so it 's not surprising there was little response to the invasion . 
  there was a referendum in the netherlands last year about the eu-ukriane cooperation treaty , and the result was against . 
  if nato fails to act in the event of any type of invasion of the baltics , it 's the end of the alliance . 
  nah , that 's because they were too busy killing each other over religion to bother with language , 
  when you said that i spontaneously started to move forwards ... is there some reason they know german ? 
  a german training method ? 
  i 've heard that some dogs are trained to follow dutch commands for some reason , even in countries where they do n't speak dutch . 
  apparently the person who developed the training method spoke dutch , or perhaps the language is easier or clearer to understand for animals ? 
  our cats are predictively disobedient in every language known to man . 
  i just thought that being pedantic would make us all feel a little more german , 
  many of the historical houses are very narrow : in the past , people were taxed based on the width of their house , so they built narrow but long homes . 
  you can see it in many historical city centers in the netherlands . 
  people in the netherlands generally understand english , but if you do n't learn the local language you will probably end up in the ` expat bubble ' . 
  to make local friends , knowing the language really helps . 
  check out / r/languagelearning and / r/learndutch and / r/german , all of those contain resources in the sidebar to learn the language by yourself . 
  horses speak german ? 
  do they know what pferdefleisch means ? 
  i think that discussion was ended in 1648 . 
  we have always honoured the king of spain , but your son betrayed us . 
  well , nato could n't be bothered to defend the falklands since they were not in nato , and the other european countries could n't be bothered either , so i 'm not holding out any hope for something like that . 
  of course it would n't be a problem if it is a true union , but as long as countries have their own militaries they will just pursue their own interests . 
  and i do n't see any true integration being possible , as in becoming essentially one country . 
  what language would the national news bulletins be in ? 
  btw , i think there are quite a few ` colonial ' territories that are not part of the eu , yet belong to a european country . 
  may not be incredibly relevant in the grand scheme of things , but yeah , if there is a common eu military and foreign policy it should defend all territories that belong to eu nations . 
  i 'm not so sure about that . 
  people still knew about ethnicity and cultural background , long before true nationalism developed . 
  it was n't called the holy roman empire of the german nation for nothing . 
  the dutch anthem has the phrase  wilhelmus van nassouwe  ben ik , van duitsen bloed saying he is `` of german blood '' , which was probably considered the same as being dutch at the time . 
  there is something similar in crusader kings 2 as well . 
  if the welsh take over the kingdom of england , it is called sassenach or something , their name for the saxons/english . 
  russia is named gardhar\u00edki when conquered by the norse , meaning realm of cities or something . 
  to the normans , who are also germanic as their upper class came from the norsemen . 
  and the french are named after the franks , who were also a germanic people . 
  in a way we are all german . 
  ah , but i think that last one , a single foreign policy , wo n't happen anytime soon , as the different countries have very different interests . 
  would a european army be willing to defend non-eu territories , such as the falklands ? 
  i doubt it . 
  the nazi invasion was horrific for europe , exactly because we were unable to defend against the invasion . 
  ireland was just lucky that the battle of britain was won by britain : otherwise ireland would have been next at some point in time , and unable to resist . 
  and guerilla warfare and resistance groups are all nice , but they do n't work . 
  there have been resistances in pretty much every occupied country , and they may have caused some damage and provided information to the allies , but in the end it took an allied invasion , one of the largest the world has ever seen to free mainland europe . 
  whenever the resistance killed a german soldier or do anything else to oppose the nazis , they rounded up people from that town and executed them . 
  sometimes they even executed entire towns and then flattened or burned what was left . 
  you can not stop such evil except by defeating it with overwhelming military force . 
  aside from that the nazis were also genocidal and executed lots of people . 
  what 's wrong with defending yourself ? 
  i personally feel that you can actually prevent war by being so dangerous that no one would ever dare attack : nuclear retaliation . 
  or what israel has , the samson option : if anyone attacks us and we ca n't resist , we will take the world down with us . 
  ah , that sounds fairly likely . 
  but the un is n't going to defend you when ` they ' come for you .
