  are you a native dutch speaker ? 
  if so , you should be able to get at least half of what the low saxon or frisian speakers are talking about . 
  i could mostly understand tat ede staal video , some 70-80 % ? 
  hehe , i can read it but it 's a bit hard to follow when spoken , depending on the dialect . 
  i 've met plenty of people i could n't really understand . 
  but i live in gelderland , more or less the border area between ` normal ' dutch and the saxon languages/dialects . 
  yes , i can understand that wiki page fairly easily . 
  but that is n't old saxon is it ? 
  same here . 
  speak dutch , had french in school but never used it , had german in school but also rarely use it . 
  i feel i can generally understand german because it 's similar to dutch ( we are swamp germans after all ) . 
  for some weird reason i used to have a tv channel from luxembourg , and they spoke luxembourgish , which is fairly similar to german , with a bunch of french words thrown in . 
  i think most of the stuff relating to government is in french . 
  if you speak german , you might be able to more or less understand the luxembourgish news programmes . 
  i can not speak frisian , which is considered an official language of the province of frisia , but i can sort of understand quite a bit of it , as it 's quite close to dutch and german , depending on dialect . 
  it 's not a problem though , as all frisians also speak dutch . 
  there are is also low saxon and its dialects , and limburgish . 
  but they are not officially considered different languages because of political bullshit such as not having a standardised writing system , which is not a criterion for what a language is in linguistics ( as far as i know , there is no strict definition between dialect or language ) . 
  sometimes i struggle more with people trying to speak standard dutch but they have such a thick local accent/dialect that i ca n't really follow what they are saying . 
  mostly older people though . 
  if they a eu citizen they would n't need a work visa , so they are competing on an equal footing with the locals and other eu citizens , aside from perhaps not knowing the language . 
  and yeah , there are quite a few people who have no degree ( or a degree in another field ) but still go into it , i think that 's the same everywhere . 
  i do feel that too many people get useless degrees though . 
  it 's the ` too many ' that is making it useless : we do n't need more people to study history or psychology , those are just setting you up for unemployment . 
  nothing wrong with the subjects themselves , and i think history is extremely interesting , but it wo n't help with getting a job . 
  i do n't think there is that much demand for it people really . 
  from what i 've heard it people get paid a lot less in europe compared to the us , so that would imply there is no lack of skilled it people . 
  and it 's not the government that is checking out their degrees : a company needs to sponsor someone for a work visa , and that costs a lot of money and time , so they 'll only do it if they really want that person . 
  someone with a fake degree or a degree from a shitty third world university is n't going to get sponsored . 
  if you are traveling on foot , i ca n't imagine you are lacking time , 
  ah , ok . because a 5 euro fine would n't really make anyone pay attention . 
  fines in the netherlands can be quite high , for example parking tickets start at 90 euro . 
  not turning on your lights , 90-140 euro . 
  overtaking on the right : 230 . 
  passing the speed limit by 25km/h : 250 euro , can get much higher under certain circumstances . 
  the rum is gone ? 
  what do you mean , the rum is gone ? 
  i had quite a few drinks friday evening , i 'm afraid i more or less had the jack sparrow style of walking ... 
  i mean captain jack sparrow . 
  we have the ` flitspalen ' , who take pictures of speeding motorists who then get sent a fine . 
  paid for by public taxpayer money , but also destroyed with public effort : [ burn !, 
  ] ( http://forum.bikenet.nl/content/bikeforum/fileattachments/paal%205.jpg ) looks like a tire filled with gasoline . 
  it 's like the pirate code , `` they 're more like ... guidelines '' . 
  ehh , 5 euro fine ? 
  does that ever stop anyone ? 
  i remember some germans complaining about how ridiculously high the fines in the netherlands were for minor traffic violations , i think i can see why they would think so . 
  it 's also why i 'm afraid of police . 
  if i 'm mugged they can only take a few coins from me , but if i 'm stopped by the police i might lose a huge amount of money in fines , if whatever i 'm doing happens to be illegal ( no one knows all the rules anyway , i 'm pretty sure everyone is breaking some laws every day ) . 
  they also had the angle of brundilde , the reference to the legendary one and the broomhilda of the movie , who spoke german . 
  it is one of the things that makes dr schultz choose to help django . 
  and germans sticking to a contract ? 
  who would have thought ... 
  i have absolutely no idea , really . 
  if there is a traffic light you can not pass when it 's red obviously , but then most places do n't have traffic lights for pedestrians . 
  when i 'm walking around i 'm not thinking `` is this legal ? 
  '' , i just take care not to get hit by traffic . 
  not the part you talked about , but there is another not so subtle jab at americans in the movie : when dr schultz arrives at candieland he is greeted by a female slave in mediocre french , and he of course replies in perfect french , as any educated upper class german of that time period would speak french . 
  then schultz is told that candie is a francophile , and he seems delighted to meet another educated person , but then it turns out that mr candie himself does n't speak french at all . 
  they also set up a similar thing in the opening scene , when dr schultz uses fancy educated language to the two slavers , and one of them says `` speak english goddammit ! '' . 
  also , for me dr schultz was much easier to understand than that kkk land-owner , or the slaves who mostly spoke some version of aave ( `` ebonics '' ) . 
  you can hear dr schultz is not a native speaker , but he has a clear , almost pedantic pronunciation . 
  it 's probably in part how the actor speaks , he more or less sounds like that when he speaks german too , at least in the tarantino movies . 
  i like the - land ending , so ungarland would be nice , land of the ungars . 
  not sure what to make of it in dutch : ongarenland , ongarenrijk ? 
  ( the last meaning realm ) . 
  hitler partly cemented his power because of `` a terrorist plot '' , as the communist marinus van der lubbe allegedly set fire to the reichstag . 
  the reichstag fire led to hitler getting emergency powers and basically abolishing civil rights , and starting a purge of communists and other political opponents . 
  i also really liked him in django unchained . 
  since you seem to like ww2 movies , you might want to see soldaat van oranje , [ soldier of orange ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/soldier_of_orange ) . 
  it 's an older movie , but from the same director as zwartboek , paul verhoeven . 
  this one is based on a true story which involves the resistance , and the dutch government in exile . 
  it 's from 1977 but i think it held up really well , and is probably one of the best dutch movies ever made . 
  oranje is the name of the royals . 
  it 's mostly in dutch , but there are also parts in english or german . 
  do n't worry , in dutch we say ` hongarije ' . 
  nobody knows what magyarzzszstz even is . 
  well , what spelling would you use for english , using only sounds that exist in english ? 
  apparently pronouncing magyar the way it is written ( in english ) results in the wrong pronunciation . 
  yes , perhaps i should have been more clear : adapt the spelling of magyar to the language it is used in : so unchanged in hungarian , but write madyar when used in english . 
  otherwise people will pronounce it wrong . 
  i 'm not suggesting people change how it is written in the native language . 
  in english i mean , 
  well , they could adapt the spelling to something like madyar ? 
  the same way you go from england to sassenach ( different etymologies ) . 
  sure , but it 's not that hard to just join a gun club if you really want a gun . 
  i think they are legal in most european countries , as long as you can give a good reason for having one such as hunting or being a member of a gun club/shooting range . 
  yup , but they usually add extra minerals and vitamins . 
  the last few years they 've become pretty good at faking meat , there are even vegetarian butchershops now . 
  here is an example of the products : https://www.devegetarischeslager.nl/producten/assortiment the second one , ` gehacktbal ' , has added iron and vitamin b12 for example , but the main ingredient is still soy . 
  the normal spelling is ` gehaktbal ' ( meatball ) but that is reserved for real meatballs , so to avoid legal trouble they use weird spellings . 
  ignore the picture of the ` nasischijf ' , that 's mostly deep-fried rice that you are seeing there . 
  because of the colonial history we have indonesian dishes such as * nasi goreng * ( fried rice with spices and soy sauce ) , but people believed they could improve on it : put breadcrumbs on them and deep-fry the fried rice !, 
  that 's the bamischijf . 
  common street food now , same with the bamischijf which is deep-fried noodles . 
  how about philippe geubels ? 
  can people in belgium understand him ? 
  he 's always subtitled in the netherlands . 
  people certainly care about degrees . 
  and a master 's degree here is preferable , as people consider just a bachelor 's a `` quitter '' , as there is n't really a seperation between college and university here . 
  and there is generally always a lot of demand for stem fields and engineers and such , it was in the news lately that they were looking for more skilled immigrants .
