  politicians should have expected that any referendum would be seen as an opportunity to shit on the eu . 
  no one knows why people voted no . 
  there is a lot of speculation but the reality is we just do n't know . 
  my guess is that is mostly about anti-eu sentiment . 
  the yes-campaign did n't really take off so we mostly just heard about the nay-sayers . 
  oh yes , we so much like appeasing russians . 
  now explain to me , why would we like appeasing the russians ? 
  this vote happened because of anti-eu sentiment , not because people want to suck up to the russians . 
  so everything we do has to meet that benchmark test so it does n't please the russians ? 
  remember that plane that was shot down over ukraine ? 
  you wo n't find a lot of putin supporters here . 
  anyone can start a petition for a referendum , if they can get enough signatures . 
  the people who started it do n't care about ukraine at all , they just want to give the eu the finger . 
  yes , but from what i know it 's a fairly minor part of the economy . 
  i know about the dutch sandwich but it 's not like we are all getting rich here because of it . 
  that is because this new referendum law is utterly stupid . 
  it make no sense . 
  yeah , but people here generally do n't watch the russian media so that 's irrelevant . 
  yes , but they have just 2 seats or so out of 150 . 
  they are the fringe . 
  personally i 'm more worried about the political parties representing christians because these parties are batshit crazy . 
  i do n't see how the average person benefits from tax loopholes for multinationals . 
  what about the european parliament ? 
  they have really low voter turnouts as well , should we abolish them ? 
  but that 's why this system is shit : if someone wants to vote yes , they run the risk that their vote takes the voter turnout over 30 % . 
  so it 's likely that many yes-voters did not vote to prevent that , and their strategy failed . 
  but we had the referendum !, 
  the result was no , and it went ahead anyway under a new name . 
  it 's simple . 
  for opponents of the eu , any botched eu plan , or a political crisis , or international embarrassment , they are all small ways to chip away at the eu . 
  people generally do n't identify with the eu , they are just a bunch of politicians in brussels . 
  it is completely stupid . 
  the 30 % turnout rule is a clear disincentive to vote , which is not something that you should put into law if you want people to show up . 
  this whole referendum law is idiotic . 
  in the case of this referendum , some of the leftist parties were also campaigning for a no vote . 
  the numbers are so high in part because of the weird referendum law : the referendum is only valid with 30 % voter turnout . 
  so the yes-voters had a reason to not show up , many of them probably hoped the 30 % would not be reached . 
  and they were almost right , turnout was 32 % . 
  so the result is a bit skewed because the no-voters had a reason to vote , and the yes-voters had a reason to stay home . 
  the referendum was organised by euroskeptics , and that was the main reason for it , not ukraine . 
  i think that is called a bernouilli experiment in mathematics . 
  the amount of times you need to try until you get the desired outcome . 
  me too !, 
  but many no-voters want the eu to lose credibility . 
  as long as a large segment of the population is against the eu , any referendum on it will end up with a no . 
  there may very well be another referendum if for example ttip passes , and of course we still have the brexit referendum in the uk . 
  i was born in the netherlands , and somewhere down the line we were suddenly in the eu without being asked anything . 
  it is hilarious how d66 is such a supporter of the referendum , but probably wo n't like the outcome of this one . 
  the netherlands is sometimes seen as a tax haven ( though not for the people who live there ) . 
   referenda are a joke you could have stopped right there . 
  yes , the same idiots . 
  just wait an see . 
  i think the outcome will be no and the government will ignore it . 
  many people on both the right and the left feel that they have little say about our position within the eu , so i think that every referendum that is vaguely related to the eu will be shot down by the voters . 
  it was the same with the referendum about the lisbon treaty in 2006 or so . 
  if it has even the scent of eu on it , people will be against it . 
  just drink the bitter cup of hemlock to the bottom ... or maybe the rest of the eu could just realise the money is n't coming back and move on . 
  the netherlands was also a republic , or at least in the process of becoming one when the anthem was made . 
  later we upgraded to kingdom . 
  for really having multiple parties they would need to change the election system to something like proportional representation . 
  really the opposite of how it is now . 
  and it would mean coalitions and thus unpredictable elections . 
  they would need to reform the whole system as there is n't really time for primaries in a coalition system . 
  what is wrong with that comment ? 
  i do n't understand . 
  left of center ? 
  i think the us is usually one of the the most conservative countries if you look at first world countries . 
  very religious compared to western europe for example . 
  although most taxes are progressive , while this one is n't , so it 's targeting the poor . 
  what the cost of alcohol or tobacco abuse is really depends on how the social system is organised . 
  here people tend to cost a lot when they get older so if they die early because of substance abuse they may very well save the state and retirement funds money . 
  very cynical , but even one of our ministers said that a few years ago . 
  oh , right . 
  but do n't a lot of them go to riga on the booze ferry ? 
  i do n't really see the point of those taxes if they are n't even working . 
  perhaps there are too few poor people in finland . 
  but if booze is extremely expensive such as in finland , it is affecting people 's ability to drink . 
  the government also did n't want this referendum , but if people gather enough signatures they have to organise a referendum . 
  it also wo n't affect the trade part of the deal , as that one is already implemented and is arranged at the eu level , not the national level . 
  but yes , it 's not really about ukraine . 
  do n't people get the meaning after a while ? 
  just as with catholic rites in latin for example , i think most people know the basic phrases ( but not much more of latin ) . 
  yes , and especially decrease the difference between a normal job contract and a temporary employment contract . 
  as it is now companies are forced to offer a full job contract after a few temporary jobs with the same person , and the result is that people simply wo n't be re-hired because companies do n't want to take on the risk of getting stuck with someone they ca n't fire . 
  i also think we need to go back to making risks ` public ' , if employers have to pay for sick people or maternity leave they are less likely to hire individuals that are ` at risk ' . 
  if that was all handled by some kind of government insurance companies would n't be so hesitant to hire women or people with a history of disease ( which can show up in the curriculim vitae of course ) . 
  another thing i would change for the netherlands is the high tax on workers . 
  a very large part of the tax base is income tax , and the social charge that has to be paid by employers for every employee . 
  that of course means that when the economy goes bad , the first thing to save your business is trying to get rid of people . 
  i think this also ruins industries where most of the cost is paying the people , industries such as healthcare . 
  i think there should be somewhat of a shift to a capital gains tax . 
  tax on labour is high even for european standards . 
  as it is now people cost basically twice what they earn . 
  there is a connection with things like job security of course , but i also think that the shift away from traditional values and religion now allows people to not have children , and do n't feel any pressure to start a family . 
  even if i were to become a lot wealthier than i am now i would n't want children . 
  for me it is not something i ever wanted . 
  i know i sound like an elitist arse , but ` not being like india ' is setting a pretty low bar for a european country . 
  since all these people have citizenship of an eu country they can just sod off to germany or another wealthy place . 
  stop listening to the trade unions which only cater to old people . 
  make it easier and cheaper to fire people , so we can get rid of this situation where young people have temporary contracts and are forced to leave after a while , when it 's nearly impossible to fire older people who got the job in a time when long-term contracts were handed out .
