  i think there is a strong feeling in both germany and the netherlands that the ` nationalists ' ( fascists ) were the worst traitors in the history of the country . 
  i remember during the late 90s there were even a few cases of schools banning pictures of the dutch flag . 
  some people put patches on their jacket or school bag of the dutch flag , and some people associated that with the far right . 
  things have changed quite a bit since then though . 
  here is an interesting monument ( museum ? ), 
  of important germans , going as far back as classical times . 
  the early additions really show the victorian interest in history . 
  this museum uses the broadest definition of ` german ' , basically anyone speaking a germanic language ( that is not scandinavian or modern english ) : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/walhalla_memorial there are even a bunch of visigoths in there . 
  if you scroll down the list there are more modern additions . 
  that sounds somewhat similar to how french learning is here , and the classical languages ( latin and ancient greek ) . 
  most people learn it in school for years , but usually not to a useful level . 
  we get english , german and french in school , and for people with a classical education also latin or ancient greek . 
  i feel people learn more english from their media consumption than because of school . 
  there are many american/british tv shows and movies on tv , and they are not dubbed so we hear the original english . 
  the end result is that most dutch people speak decent english , can understand very basic german , and very little french . 
  it helps of course that dutch , english and german are all west germanic languages , and german is especially close , so it 's fairly easy to learn ( except for the case system in my opinion ) . 
  an example : `` gelassenheit '' in german is `` gelatenheid '' in dutch , and it means the same . 
  for many words it is just a different pronunciation and spelling , and once you get a feel for what sounds changed during the sound shifts you can already understand a lot of german . 
  p --  f , t --  ts ( written with z in german ) . 
  dutch also has a bit more relaxed ( or lazy ) pronunciation , more mumbly . 
  ah , that sounds very plausible . 
  the netherlands had a lot of imports from the dutch east indies ( indonesia ) , so it possibly they were importing tea into europe as well . 
  when i google herba most results show modern new age biological herbal homeopathic hippy stores . 
  herba also sounds more like latin to me , the root of ` herbal ' or something ? 
  it is not a dutch word at all as far as i know . 
  the dutch word for herbs is ` kruiden ' , so herbal tea is ` kruidenthee ' . 
  i checked the polish wiktionary as well , and it also says at etymology ` hol . 
  ' , probably meaning holland . 
  it could be an old word that is not used anymore , as i assume the introduction of tea to poland was a few centuries ago . 
  that is possibly true , but people in the service industry ( depending on culture ) may not like that . 
  they are not paid to chat with you , they are paid to take your order , give you your food , make sure you pay and get out the door asap . 
  if you do n't speak the language well enough , you are just wasting their time . 
  and if people notice that their english is better than your portuguese or other language , then they 'll just switch . 
  that 's how i ended up talking in english with germans , even though i had german in school and understand it reasonably well . 
  but my english is better than my german , and usually their english is better than their dutch , so english it is . 
  it really helps if you also have some immersion , aside from learning in school . 
  i think most people in the netherlands speak decent english because they hear it all the time . 
  there also seems a strong difference between countries where they dub and countries where they do n't . 
  so if you want to improve , regularly consume german media . 
  you even need to do that just to retain the knowledge : people slowly forget languages , it even happens with your native language if you stop using it . 
  there are people who suck at their native language because they are forgetting , and still talk with a foreign accent and/or grammar in their new language . 
  i think in part the perception of people speaking fast is because you do n't understand the language nearly well enough to follow it , while you do that automatically with languages you speak . 
  it 's hard to hear when one word ends and when another starts so it all just turns into a blur of sounds . 
  word recognition in languages you know ( i 'm speculating here ) is more or less involuntary and takes no conscious effort . 
  because of stress and pronunciation , you immediately recognise the word . 
  foreign languages just sound like a string of sounds . 
  do n't younger people learn english at school ? 
  i think i know one word , and it 's not a nice one . 
  as long as it 's not really malicious , i do n't mind . 
  i think they are kind of insider jokes btw : the people who make polandball things assumes a certain knowledge on the part of the audience , and the audience can feel pleased and smug if they understand it . 
  it 's the same with jokes between different economists or between different physicsts . 
  now i have to say i have never heard of `` herba thee '' , the herba part that is . 
  i have never heard of something like that here . 
  i 'm sure there is n't one in my building . 
  which is still in europe last i checked , 
  the small bottle of feigling may be the cheapest , but it 's expensive if you just go by alcohol content . 
  scale it up to 1l and it is $ 20 with just 20 % alcohol . 
  i got a 1l bottle of vodka on sale for $ 13 , esbjaerg , and it 's 40 % . 
  that 4 % vodka sounds like a mixed drink , and is not alcohol/money-efficient at all , 
  wow , that sounds hugely expensive . 
  if i lived in such a cold place , i would really ~ ~ want ~ ~ need a very stiff drink . 
  european frigidity ? 
  what are you talking about ? 
  keep in mind that tourists are not always representative of the country . 
  they are probably a bit more open-minded than the average citizen . 
  there are also large differences between the different areas in my experience . 
  the people from the large cities ( mostly in the west of the country ) are generally a bit more chatty . 
  there are some cultural differences between the north and south , and east and west . 
  what if someone replies with `` it 's shit , how about you ? '' . 
  or as they say in yiddish , `` mann lebt '' ( roughly translated : still alive ) . 
  i remember seeing a video of a bunch of old people in france who were part of a tiny minority that spoke a form of west-vlaams ( west-west-vlaams ? ) . 
  i could n't understand them at all . 
  does it mean ` to know ' or something similar ? 
  because ` kennen ' ( first person singular : ` ken ' ) means the same in dutch . 
  yup , i vaguely remember there was some attempt to make it an official language last year , but local politics messed it up in some way ( i do n't remember the details ) . 
  i feel it should be , because i ca n't understand it , and if i ca n't understand it it must be a different language . 
  a bit simplistic , but mutual intelligibility should be the benchmark in my opinion . 
  i feel i can only understand part of it because i had german in school . 
  ( also for / u/jonnyau ) when you look at the source ( numbers 6 and 7 ) for william forsell kirby on that wikipedia page , you 'll get a link to an online version of the book . 
  i guess the copyright expired since the translation is from 1907 . 
  so it 's free to read thanks to the interwebs !, 
  btw , in the introduction there is some outdated information . 
  the author lumps in finnish with the altaic languages and links it to turkish , which was a popular theory at the time . 
  and one of tolkien 's languages that is supposedly inspired by finnish is quenya , a language of elves . 
  an example is galadriel 's song in fellowship : nam\u00e1ri\u00eb . 
  there are even some recordings on youtube of jrr tolkien himself reciting the song/poem . 
  [ dialect maps ] ( http://taal.phileon.nl/kaart/hoppenbrouwers.php ) in the second map , the numbers indicate how far the dialect is from algemeen nederlands , the mainstream form of dutch in the netherlands . 
  the map includes flanders . 
  to me limburgs is one of the hardest to understand , and of course frisian is officially a different language . 
  i 've lived both near and in the saxon ( saksisch ) regions , so i am semi-used to it , but still ca n't really understand it . 
  btw , these maps are about ` streektalen ' , which means regional languages , so it is not just the local accent . 
  it is a fishing town that used to be an island : https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/zuiderzee_works today it is a small town that is fairly religious ( dutch reformed ) . 
   how am i supposed to care about the european union when it does n't care about protecting it 's own citizen ? 
  exactly . 
  i 'm very much in favour of european cooperation , but it seems that the european parliament/commission are places to park old career politicians until their retirement . 
  but the polish people brought this upon themselves unfortunately . 
  i get the feeling this is because poland is very catholic . 
  if so , take it up with the pope . 
  large parts of southern europe also suffer from high unemployment . 
  also , i think that once you apply for asylum in an eu country , and you are denied , you can not apply for asylum in another eu country .
