csqep party ca n't be counted as no , they are pro referendum . 
  therefore it 's 47 % ( clear yes ) vs 39 % ( clear no ) vs 11 % ( yes/no ) . 
  as it is not a referendum you ca n't say the `` maybe but '' as either one or the other . 
  this is not true , some parties counted as `` no '' actually position themselves as pro-referendum , like `` cat si es pot '' . 
  you ca n't count them as clearly no . 
  i pretty much would say cdc is center-right , or liberal . 
  they would be the equivalent to our current ruling party in the netherlands , the vvd . 
  i agree , i see it in a way that they get an independist government majority which allows them to negotiate or demand a referendum i guess . 
  majority means majority of governance ( seats ) . 
  otherwise spain should have granted a referendum ( votes ) . 
  from a fellow dutch guy , * visca catalunya !, 
  * i 've been following the last 4 years mobilizations begging for a referendum and each of them have impressed me . 
  amazing job !, 
  in that case switzerland would ask their citizens via a referendum . 
  democracy would decide . 
  i find this quite positive . 
  banks can keep their property for long term as long as they do n't keep them empty . 
  therefore you put them on rent . 
  happens also in the netherlands . 
  we even have `` antikraak '' which is a type of rent that gives huge flexibility to the owner by keeping an extremely low price for the renter . 
  there is no point in keeping buildings empty . 
  it 's elections to the parliament , therefore you count seats for a majority . 
  if spain would have granted a referendum they would have to count votes for a majority . 
  we are getting a stronger europe , why do we need big inefficient countries that even hate their own local population ? 
  cut the middleman out in my opinion . 
  euro . 
  your claim about political corruption is not very accurate . 
  today in elpais went from `` tens of donations ( legal ) made to the party '' to making headline `` 2 local municipalities donations that match with 3 % corruption case from 10 years ago ! '' . 
  one of them about 95 euros . 
  making this as a headline means that the paper is quite biased and ridiculous . 
  honestly i think pp is way more corrupt than the catalan government . 
  they should investigate that too . 
  or leave the judges to make a statement instead of a politicalized journalist . 
  also if catalonia gets its independence there is no way that they would be out of the eurozone . 
  this is not even written anywhere . 
  once you have a nationality you ca n't lose it like that simple . 
  plus catalonia is a top economic region of europe , there is no interest to leave it out . 
  legally it 's not written , so no claim can be made . 
  economically wise there is a huge interest to keep it in . 
  politically too , we even want to take care of refugees so badly right ? 
  and grow to ukraine right ? 
  so i doubt there is lack of political intent there anyways . 
  but even if they would be out there is no economic suicide scenario possible . 
  we are in a nearly free trade world , nothing changes . 
  just like with switzerland or norway , they are doing quite okay with not being part of europe . 
  150.000 to 250.000 , with stricter refugee screening . 
  that means we are only accepting actual refugees , not illegal immigrants , from warzones that border turkey . 
  so either from syria or iraq . 
  hopefully in a couple years the war is over and with it the deal ends . 
  if the war is over refugees will have to go back . 
  yes , but you ca n't say their voters are all clearly aligned to `` no independence '' . 
  totally useless . 
  imagine the tourist going through the pages to find the right sentence and reading it loud as if it was the first time he/she reads a book . 
  to find out that everyone in the netherlands speaks english ... 
  hey catalonians , i have followed your peaceful rallies every year and as a dutchie i 'm impressed with your dedication and effort . 
  good luck !, 
  keep in mind there was a time we shared king and we even fought in aragon 's side in your succession war . 
  impressive , thanks for sharing this with us . 
  out of curiosity , what happened with slovakia and europe after its secession from the czech republic ? 
  aragon was conquered by castilla in the succession war . 
  claiming the existence of spain any earlier is like saying the dutch territories belonged to spain lol . 
  they shared the same king but that did n't make hem one single country !, 
  yeah , it 's hilarious to read the imperialistic logic of this spaniard . 
  true , but if you read the article it 's about it and highly qualified jobs where they ca n't find skilled people and they are willing to pay competitive salaries . 
  congrats on your position in sf !, 
  as for barcelona , check the startups that raised series b. i might be biased because the two guys i know are foreigners , so their salaries could be matched to what they were earning i guess . 
  pretty normal in software , not in spain . 
  many tech hubs have high costs of living , but salaries compensate . 
  for example , rent in san francisco is 3500 + per month for a one bedroom apartment , but salaries in tech can easily be above 100,000 a year . 
  i fully agree . 
  good it jobs compete with talent world wide , thus salaries are competitive . 
  san francisco should have way higher salaries !, 
  not all it jobs are equal . 
  highly qualified jobs pay well anywhere . 
  for example , if you want to hire a good data scientist then you will have to pay something competitive . 
  not the same than the local wordpress webdeveloper . 
  i have friends in tech companies in barcelona ( not spanish , hired from abroad ) earning 60-70k a year . 
  pretty normal salary in software . 
  what has free market to do with this ? 
  in software pay is getting higher every day . 
  one of the most interesting comments i have read on brexit . 
  economist do n't predict the future , the study the past . 
  specifically scarcity of resources and decision theory . 
  fair point . 
  again , i do n't know if you will ever understand this . 
  i was giving my opinion , not saying it was better than anyone . 
  you are delusional and you do n't even get it . 
  that 's still my opinion , does n't say i know better than croatian generals . 
  tell me where did i say i know more than croatian generals . 
  i just wrote my opinion and you are being a bitch about me saying i know more than any expert/general . 
  where did i say i know more ? 
  do you know that military budget is handled by politicians ? 
  and by using your logic we should n't commenting anywhere because there is always a better expert than us ? 
  this is reddit , we can write our opinions . 
  no matter what generals think . 
  purchases like these are very politicized . 
  minister of defense is not a general . 
  and yes , i can have my own opinion just like you can have yours . 
  this has nothing to do with trump . 
  i do n't know more than generals or politicians , i have n't claimed so .
