  i 'm just stating my opinion like you do . 
  you are acting like trump with false accusations / s. 
  what has trump to do with me ? 
  in several peacekeeping missions , including afghanistan . 
  from russia ? 
  they will need to go through a couple countries before they reach croatian ... jets can destroy artillery really easy . 
  air supremacy makes the difference in armored land war . 
  indeed , you need an airfield . 
  but overseas you can station them in airfields from other countries which is fairly common . 
  deploying artillery in combat areas also requires some sort of base , supplies and transportation . 
  on top of this range is crucial . 
  artillery alone ca n't do the same job than jets alone . 
  in proxy wars like the one we have now , tactical strikes from jets are more effective than artillery . 
  deploying a jet is faster , easier and has way larger range . 
  if this city looks like this today , imagine when it was an actual city !, 
  his dutch reading was not bad . 
  well , pvv won there ... 
  he mentions `` small nation outside of eu '' , to me switzerland fits in this description . 
  like switzerland ? 
  sorry about that , how can i check if it has already been posted ? 
  pretty interesting , i would consider that too . 
  this is totally wrong . 
  vc is not a mandatory requirement for a startup , this is misleading . 
  not really , it has nothing to do with venture capital . 
  startups might receive venture capital because they have new scalable business models , thus highly profitable but risky investments . 
  startup does n't mean new company . 
  a startup is an organization formed to search for a repeatable and scalable business model . 
  startups often are new companies , but not all new companies are startups ( eg . 
  a new restaurant is a new business but does n't make it a startup ) . 
  because of their scalable nature , high margins and involving new technology , some opt to take funding to grow even faster . 
  usually in form of an angel round ( first round ) and followed by multiple venture capital rounds ( series a-e ) . 
  although not strictly necessary , massive growth helps to secure the viability and success of the business in the long term . 
  thus within less than a decade a startup might get acquired by a larger company or go ipo , thus creating large returns for investors that took the big risk . 
  here the official statement https://www.rijksoverheid.nl/actueel/nieuws/2017/03/11/verklaring-kabinet-intrekken-turkse-landingsrechten do n't want to cooperate with local authorities and threat us ? 
  then fuck off . 
  nobody denies it 's a drug or that it 's harmless . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/9c/rational_scale_to_assess_the_harm_of_drugs_ ( mean_physical_harm_and_mean_dependence ) . svg/2000px-rational _ scale_to_assess_the_harm_of_drugs _ ( mean_physical_harm_and_mean_dependence ) . svg.png, 
  before talking shit , just do a quick google search . 
  https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/7/77/population_of_rome.png regarding to the fall to 10k population i doubt he meant that siege ... 
  siege of rome was 1000 years before ... 
  sorry to post twice here , but what is happening with so many upvoted comments being deleted ? 
  i 'm aware of the rules , but this looks a bit strange ... 
  funny that this news comes from aljazeera . 
  i 'm with you , the actual name is crown of aragon regardless of the dynasty ruling it . 
  it 's 4 : romansh . 
  the crown of aragon had multiple kingdoms inside ( kingdom of aragon , kingdom of valencia , kingdom of majorca , kingdom of naples . . ) and other territories like the principality of catalonia , which were nobility titles owned by the same dynasty . 
  catalanoaragonesa is a * lazy * way to refer to a catalan dynasty ( house of barcelona ) ruling the crown of aragon , being at the same time king of x , king of y , count of z , etc. 
  was n't hungary part of austria ? 
  add in the region of catalonia/barcelona : is catalan is a dialect of spanish ? 
  oh shit , sorry about that . 
  i saw it on my twitter but i did n't check the date . 
  edit : i deleted the link, 
  what is illegal does n't mean it 's illegitimate . 
  throughout history many things that we think are accepted today were illegal in its time . 
  i guess then same comments apply for catalonia . 
  at the moment , we do n't know anything . 
  i believe we wo n't really know how it will work out until independence is declared and something ( exceptional ) should happen in this new scenario . 
  it 's a genuine question after you mention `` studies you read '' , `` data you have seen '' and `` inconclusive results '' , makes me wonder if you actually do read scientific papers . 
  i do n't want to imply anything , i was curious . 
  so by answering with the same question , i guess that 's a no . 
  maybe poland is not there yet , compared to nordic and western europe . 
  maybe you have been raised by a society that is still very homophobic & very catholic and you are being a bit biased here . 
  your own personal opinion based on a biased , small experience is a poor argument . 
   the studies i 've seen  just that the data i 've seen is did you actually read articles from a scientific journal ? 
  did you read multiple of them or you are cherry picking out of context ? 
  are you implying your google skills are better than the rest ? 
  i think you do n't see the logic here . 
  spanish gov went to court before this poll was held , they could have negotiated with the catalan gov instead . 
  not all laws are fair . 
  if you have a conflict you can go to court straight away , or sit down with the other side and negotiate a solution before calling the judge . 
  indeed . 
  looks like being stubborn against even talking about a possibility of a referendum invites more people to think of `` why not ? '' . 
  something illegal does n't mean is n't legitimate , sticking to the argument `` it 's illegal '' does n't solve the issue at all . 
  i think europe should become a federalization of regions . 
  smaller countries like the netherlands with governments closer to its population works better , in my opinion , than having a bigger larger middle-man in between . 
  this allows them to control their culture , taxes and investments rather than having endless arguments with a centralizing government to gain more autonomy and emancipation . 
  an article from a finnish political student specialized in catalonia secession , it 's quite interesting : https://cataloniaindependenceblog.wordpress.com/2016/12/31/will-2017-be-catalonias-independence-year/, 
  the court was called by the spanish government for something that might have been illegal , but in terms of democracy it is legitimate to ask your citizens for their opinion . 
  sending politicians to court for a non-binding referendum feels wrong to me . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , that 's the ex-president . 
  in all fairness , op 's replies were far from well articulated and polite ... 
  it 's pretty funny that op has been downvoted to oblivion in every comment . 
  i said the opposite . 
  the historic nature of a region should n't be a factor to reject the right of claiming independent sovereignty . 
  therefore you saying that catalonia was always part of spain is n't a reason to not let them be independent , regardless whether your statement was true or false . 
  your roman example has nothing to do with secession . 
  it just proves even more that `` historical right '' is bullshit for secession , that we should look at other reasons . 
  besides , if you got married x years ago but over time you changed your mind and now you want a divorce , who can tell you how much time you need to stick with your initial decision ? 
  40 years is plenty of time , after a dictatorship and several attempts to fix your relationship ( estatuto ? 
   catalonia , as we know it today has never been a country , and always part of spain . 
  i was refuting your argument that catalonia has always been part of spain . 
  you also seem to mix country/state with nation . 
  country and state are synonymous terms that both apply to self-governing political entities . 
  a nation , however , is a group of people who share the same culture but do not have sovereignty . 
  to my understanding , catalonia is a nation and the principality of catalonia ( as count of barcelona ) is an example of past sovereignty . 
  i thought the crown of aragon was an state that lost its constitution after the decreto de nueva planta in the 18th century , when the house of bourbon replaced the house of habsburg . 
  before then it had its own currency , laws , courts and customs . 
  they just shared rulers with castille , the netherlands , some italian regions and even the entire holy german empire . 
  catalonia , within the aragon crown , was a state together with the kingdom of valencia , kingdom of aragon , etc. 
  before joining the aragon 's crown it was certainly an independent country .
