  this sentiment originated before wwii . 
  bismarck rustled a lot of jimmies in his time . 
  in fact hitler made very good use of anti-german propaganda and turned it in his favor . 
  that 's why it 's never a good idea to attack an entire nation . 
  for example , if individual politicians in greece had taken the hit for the country 's mismanagement i think the crisis could have gone smoother and without the rise of golden dawn , anarchists , and communists . 
  i 've always imagined that the lannisters were based on a typical spanish or italian noble family like the borgias with all the incest , intrigues , and gold . 
  also is n't dorne inspired by persia ? 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about boy . 
  greece was wealthier than any country which joined the eu in 2004 like the baltic countries , poland , hungary , czech republic , and slovenia as well as some of the older members like portugal and cyprus . 
  it was more or less at the same level as spain and italy . 
  in other words : greece got a lot poorer due to the economic crisis . 
  we did n't get billions and billions of dollars from sugar daddy us and had to go through 50 years of communism . 
  do n't worry . 
  we 'll be fine as soon as we find the bastard selling combustible vodka !, 
  bank deposits in cyprus are 800 % of cyprus gdp . 
  the average citizen has benefited a lot throughout the years from living in a tax heaven . 
  when your banks make 8 times the amount of products and services your country does , i really do n't think a one time 6-10 % tax is all that much . 
  nevermind , better blame germany for your faultily structured economy . 
  i guess no one is untouchable . 
  strange . 
  i 've always considered the king to be spain 's best politician of the 20th century . 
  no , i am not opposed as long as you can locate their remains . 
  i see . 
  you do n't know the difference between a memorial and a cemetery . 
  a war memorial is a monument to those who died fighting for your country . 
  you wo n't find a turkish memorial in shipka just like you wo n't find a japanese memorial in pearl harbor . 
  a cemetery , on the other hand , is where the dead are laid to rest . 
  the dead man is not your enemy . 
  if you destroy his grave , you wo n't hurt him . 
  you 're only making yourself look stupid for letting something which happened a hundred years ago shape your life . 
  the ones who died at war must be respected . 
  to do otherwise would be a breach of the geneva convention . 
  absolutely sickening . 
  the current king has done a lot more for spain than a lot of spaniards would like to admit . 
  just saying . 
  you 've been reading too many little red books : ), 
  a nation of trolls . 
  i do n't think that a country in which every right wing populist is branded a neo-nazi and a criminal is a good example of dealing well with the `` nazi heirloom '' . 
  we still saved 50,000 jewish people . 
  i guess the bbc has to put a negative spin on everything concerning bulgaria . 
  may be if we had slaughtered more of our minorities we would be worthy of schengen . 
  fewer `` welfare tourists '' --  fewer problems dat western european `` culture '' . 
  wow , what a dumb cunt . 
  just because they were massacred in romania and not sent into a camp does n't mean it was n't holocaust . 
  in fact the einsatzgruppen killed more jews than the concentration camps did . 
  if that story is true it seriously pisses me off that there are academia members like him in europe . 
  everything changed when the firefox nations attacked . 
  from one extreme to the other . 
  what an idiot . 
  let 's not put the entire country in one basket . 
  i 've met people from ohrid and strumica who 've told me that people there are not too hot about populist nationalism and think that skopje 2014 is an extremely stupid idea . 
  the most ridiculous part is that actually the public does n't know how much everything costs because the construction contracts are kept `` secret '' . 
  happy baba marta from me to all redditors , too !, 
  be upright and healthy !, 
  we sad bro . 
  yep , we were about 9 million in the mid eighties and right now we are about 7.3 million population . 
  that about a 20 % decrease in so much years . 
  while i respect people 's choice to seek a better living abroad , i want to go back and try to do something home . 
  i be damned if i leave my country to die without doing something . 
  a small part of me wants him to win the elections so that he can go back to these big leader meetings in the eu and say : `` i 'm back bitches ! '', 
  i just want to see merkel 's face when if that happens : ), 
  i did n't expect that from you sweden . 
  what is happening to our european utopia ? 
  yes , and you will always be a dumb polack . 
  what now ? 
  sounds like a worse version of kultur shock . 
  this tune sounds familiar even though i think that 's the first i 've listened to it ?? 
  btw , do n't you think it 's ironic that half the anthem is about the sa when it was the nazis themselves who got rid off them ? 
  the police here actually beats people only for important stuff . 
  like football . 
  get rid off the belgians . 
  no retarded image macros in this subreddit please !, 
  i do n't know if they are more violent , but i fucking hate far-left scum . 
  but do n't worry even though they may outnumber the rightists , the majority of germans still hate their commie guts . 
  ah , yes the curious case of the rising electricity bills . 
  meet the new boss , same as the old one . 
  hide your wives , hide your kids , we are going in strong , baby !, 
  there are no brakes on the migrant train !, 
  choo-choo uk and germany, 
  the ironic thing that i have n't seen any major news media mention is that the bulgarian driver who was among the dead was muslim himself . 
  there is a lesson to be learned about radical religion . 
  bulgaria may be lacking in a lot of ways , but at least we have been mostly free from this disease . 
  not when it 's personal . 
  that speculating fucker should hang himself . 
  we were your biggest friends for the last 20 years . 
  we were the first to accept your independence and to help you in the first days of statehood . 
  we even provided military support to help you with your conflict 2000-2001 . 
  yet you have constantly shat on the relationship between our two countries . 
  you bully everyone who considers himself bulgarian . 
  the most notable example , lubcho georgievski , your ex-prime minister who you now call a traitor and try to find a reason to keep in jail just because he has a bulgarian passport . 
  i am not saying that we are paragons of human rights , but what your media is doing is disgusting . 
  most people in bulgaria really could n't care less about what you call yourself , what you call your language , and what you call your giant ass statues in skopje . 
  they care mostly about the political repression in your country . 
  do n't try to make us the villains in all this . 
  we have kept quiet about your shit long enough . 
  and do n't worry when it comes down to the voting on your membership we will again vote in your favor just like we have always done , but i 'm sure it will again be forgotten in a few years . 
  i love stories like this . 
  very well written too . 
  or may be even hungary ? 
  actually russia has a lot of 4 lane roads , but without a central divider or a shoulder and hence they are not motorways .
