do n't mind it too much . 
  some people like to think that in a conflict there must always be a right and wrong side . 
  do n't respond to him , he 's just a troll . 
  anyone with a clear mind can see that russians in ukraine have plenty of grievances that would make them take arms against the ukrainians . 
  it 's not all evil putin and russian rambos , that 's for sure . 
  yep . 
  anyone who 's had any experience of living in germany knows that the whole `` efficient '' stereotype is a big lie . 
  the whole country has become just another bogged down by bureaucracy and regulations maze . 
  forget about stuttgart 21 . 
  it takes 10 years to build a 5 km rural autobahn link . 
  the whole continent is such a fucking joke right now . . 
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/world_war_i_casualties not really one of the lowest . 
  still could be worse . 
  we kicked ass back then . 
  also we lost 10 % of our population in wwi so there were less mouths to feed i guess . 
  yes , you have a point . 
  a number of english kids i saw were the most undisciplined , feral as you said , and insolent cunts i 've ever seen and i 've traveled a quite a bit . 
  i am sorry to hear about your friends ' trouble with traveling to the uk . 
  i had a girlfriend from argentina and she did n't have any issues with her visa . 
  i think it would be best to curb immigration until the eu average is about 4-5 % . 
  right now it 's 12 % . 
  and yeah , the less arabs and africans get through , the better it would be . 
  we 've got enough problems of our own so why import new ones . 
  you do n't say . 
  even when i studied in the uk , in a university renowned for being left leaning , most people were against further immigration from non-european countries . 
  i agree . 
  he said it very well . 
  well , hopefully you will update us when they there it down again . 
  keep up the good work you noble freedom fighters !, 
  looks like an anarchist shithole . 
  ca n't say i am too sorry to see it gone : ), 
  so i was right ? 
  it shows that there are more than 1 million syrians refugees registered . 
  the graph looks like bullshit . 
  lebanon alone has 1mill . + refugees - both palestinians and syrians . 
  good for you . 
  did n't know that . 
  how is that so ? 
  the first of many who deserve a fate like this . 
  yes , finally . 
  may be , but it 's still a misleading and poorly done crop . 
  stanishev was n't present at the burning which happened after he left . 
  so i doubt he `` legitimated '' it . 
  good . 
  if we depend on the eu to secure our gas supply from a `` nice '' country we will waiting for 50 years . 
  what happened to nabucco etc. 
  that 's terrible . 
  imagine being stuck in traffic with them . 
  i like jews . 
  apparently poland 's leading newspaper is retarded . 
  who knew ? 
  not necessarily . 
  they are pro-russian in this occasion because it suits their narrative . 
  russia annexed a region that is ethnically russian . 
  they think it would help us win the territories we lost in the wars because some of them are still ethnically bulgarian . 
  they are not really slavist . 
  just right wing nationalism and populism + anti-nato . 
  who gives a fuck ? 
  people here need work and money . 
  all the eu has to offer is endless bureaucracy . 
  lol at the assassination comments . 
  he was probably shot by his heroin dealer . 
  i just checked it out . 
  the city is sibiu and apparently it 's only 1 autobahn they 've built . 
  still ... http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/a1_motorway_ ( romania ) http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/klaus_johannis \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 give german minority \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064, 
  reminds of that romanian town , i forgot its name , where a party of ethnic germans had the most votes in the election even though germans only account for like 1 % of the population . 
  interesting . 
  perhaps they should have decided the independence of kosovo by allowing the rest of serbia to vote . 
  the independence of catalonia should also be decided by allowing the whole of spain to vote . 
  not to forget scotland - we should allow all the commonwealth citizens to vote . 
  otherwise it would be so grossly unfair . 
  sometimes i wonder if these economist hacks even read what they write . 
  worst subscription decision i 've ever made . 
  better spend half a billion dollars on statues and kitschy buildings ... 
  it 's actually called new europe : ), 
  yes , we could use some growth . 
  we 've been pretty stagnant unfortunately . 
  not the swedes . 
  yeah , i guess the people going there , expecting a russian winter will be disappointed . 
  sochi is a city on the black sea coast . 
  you wo n't see much snow . 
  that 's not the olympic park lol ? 
  just some unfinished sidewalks and light poles . 
  does this look unfinished to you : http://i1.mirror.co.uk/incoming/article3012441.ece/alternates/s2197/olympic-park-sochi-3012441.jpg, 
  nope, 
  i was actually waiting for you to respond that you are dutch so that i could slay you with : `` deutsch , dutch , what 's the difference '' ? 
  let 's meet and i 'll show you german pig dog . 
  til my uncle , who is building the main stadium in sochi , is a slave . 
  the biggest satire on that show is john stewart trying to be funny . 
  in my last paragraph i was talking about muslim immigrants in europe not their governments . 
  i have not read it , but if the wiki synopsis is accurate i can tell you that it makes the foolish assumption to equate all muslims . 
  no , not all muslims are the same . 
  most of them are pretty okay and are not really a threat to european culture . 
  if there is one element of islam that has proven to be truly incompatible with european culture , it is arabic interpretation of what islam is and because arabs `` found '' islam , they have a lot of say in the muslim world . 
  now that they also have a lot of power thanks to oil and natural gas , they have the ability to directly influence other muslim people across the world once again . 
  our two civilizations have clashed numerous times throughout the centuries and it has always been pretty violent . 
  now , i do n't want to suggest that we are the good guys and they are evil or vice versa , but i think that at our cores , we are mirror images of each other . 
  i think that we basically like too many different things to be `` living in the same house '' and if we want to be all happy we should stay away from each other . 
  i have painted a very black and white picture , but the reality is much more grey and if an element from one side wants to cross to the other we really do n't have the right to stop it . 
  we should , however , make sure that people are aware of what is expected of them .
