  all these fans want whiteside but half of them have n't even watched him play the last 1.5 seasons, 
  lmao, 
  i agree with the terrible fit part , but nance , as promising and exciting as he looks , will not be better than ryan this upcoming year . 
  winslow 's defense is way above average so in that sense yeah he better , but ryan anderson is no scrub , his offensive rebounding and ability to stretch the floor is very valuable, 
  who is n't overrated in today 's league . 
  i was n't getting at that . 
  people just do n't see the faults in his game because all they saw last year were the highlights . 
  hes a huge part of our team and of course i want him back , but he 's not a number 1 option, 
  4-2 against the cavs bud, 
  maybe they feel he 's not a max contract type of player . 
  if you 're confident you do n't need to throw a max contract at a player to get him to stay , why shower him in money ? 
  that 's mark cuban , desperate for a big name and all he has to offer is a full paycheque for a not that much proven talent . 
  do i really need to stay up past 12am ... i work at 5 , i think i 'm gon na stay up, 
  will acquire zero of those guys, 
  good knicks, 
  bounce backs happen , ca n't deny his and roses hunger, 
  fuck no, 
  he 's not a player you just hand the ball to and let him work like bosh . 
  never complained about touches , he gets his and he impacts the game either way, 
  pat riley is overrated by fans and the media / s, 
  d wade ai n't leaving lol, 
  dude just woke up i think, 
  now i kinda wish he posed with a lion with dj khaled in the back yelling, 
  wow good job stan !, 
  there 's your back up !, 
  love this guy, 
  i just went from 18 $ / h to 21 $ / h ... it 's the same right ? 
  i 'm working 60 now , overtime after 40 , safe to say i feel like hassan, 
  1.5 , and yeah it 's pretty killer . 
  ai n't slowing down till christmas , straight grind mode right now fuck it, 
  thanks brah, 
  ... wait a minute, 
  i bet you he do n't give a shit, 
  liaaaaaar liiiaaaar pants on fiiiire, 
  trading dragic and keeping whiteside wo n't make this team better , it would be a significant step back to say the least, 
  if he wants money he 'll leave . 
  if he wants to contend he 'll stay or go to cavs . 
  if wants to contend and still get some money he 'll stay, 
  he took payouts willingly ... nobody forced him , he knew it was necessary for success . 
  just like demar just left 14 mil on the table for the raptors . 
  the warriors would n't exist if their core three guys were paid what they deserve, 
  trust me i 'm not happy about it either , i was for maxing wade and letting hassan walk . 
  but i seriously doubt riley would max hassan without knowing what he 's gon na do with wade . 
  can this man at least get a cartoon ? 
  youngwhiteside, 
  ud would n't be this stoked about this if he knew wade is leaving, 
  salt everest, 
  that 's an understatement, 
  steph curry, 
  better stay in that gym boy and stay out of them damn clubs !, 
  get yourself a mansion though , you barley fit in that apartment, 
  so he did n't leave quite as much on the table as previously thought ? 
  but still gives the raptors something to work with . 
  this guy 's gon na go down as the best raptor ever, 
  and look at you now, 
  wade 's got that armspan, 
  you guys would have been trash even if you underpaid kobe , still would have had picks, 
  dragic totally lived up to his contracot last year . 
  especially in the playoffs , look at how other point guards are getting paid now , he 's almost a steal at 86mil . 
  we have to keep him , jrich is n't ready to run point , and i do n't he ever will be , he 's gon na be a good sg . 
  and he serves as a great back up to wade . 
  oh and ... durant is out of the picture at this point, 
  works both ways, 
  a good d-league player is usually an nba player, 
  them got he 3 rings, 
  tool and mold brother , cnc machinist, 
  that 's the plan . 
  the question is , is wade content with that cause ca n't offer much, 
  i hated you yesterday , but today you made me laugh < 3, 
  and i thought there is no worse possible way to spell dwayne, 
  what if he gave him like five bucks cash here and there for a long time, 
  tool and mold , cnc machinist, 
  how about all that wiggle room goes to wade please, 
  hahah how did you do that ? 
  i did n't give a name out , and it 's a small shop ... our lathes are from the 80s pure shit, 
  in the tool and die industry . 
  cnc machining , look it up in your area , there 's mold shops everywhere and it 's never too late to get started in a skilled trade, 
  man fuck durant , and fuck off loading dragic , we need him , just pay wade !!, 
  our roster was good last year without bosh and will be better with him back, 
  people acting like wade is gon na be broke next year, 
  apparently he did agree to take slightly less than the max, 
  not avoid , but he has a chance to be toronto 's `` kobe '' . 
  he would never be able to overshadow kobe in la. 
  he clearly wants to be remembered as the man where ever he played . 
  i meant lin is more than just `` better '' than jj, 
  my jobs not really physically demanding . 
  time goes by fast and the coworkers are cool . 
  i figured i rather work my ass off in my 20s and chill in my 50s . 
  what about whiteside ? 
  are you friends with my girl ? 
  that would make wade feel alot better ... 
  what the actual fuck, 
  kids brotha , kids -_-, 
  nope, 
  gon na miss you luol !, 
  best of luck !, 
  he was amazing for us last year, 
  my only problem is , that even though we got hassan back and we 're gon na have wade back . 
  even with a healthy bosh i feel like this team got worse from last year . 
  i trust riley will fill out the roster properly but our depth already took a huge hit .
