  the fuck do the cavs have to do with this game, 
  im just angry !, 
  7 dude lol . 
  we ca n't win on the road, 
  not now carlos !, 
  just you wait till you see him being our go to three point shooter in the clutch, 
  ... it manifested, 
  lol of course wade, 
  you 're right its depressing, 
  pretty sure its a vespa/scooter, 
  yeah you 're definitely right , my bad, 
  current pattern says we advance , but still ... 
  100 % this dudes home city cut him lol, 
  found mark cuban, 
  they are a good team , last night 's game was within reach for us i think that 's why the players are frustrated . 
  questionable calls went both ways imo, 
  ... wait , a standing dunk ? 
  no running start ? 
  are we the north ? 
  okcs second superstar, 
  that offensive rebound and dish to ray allen will not only be remembered within the heat organization but also the nba world . 
  add in his recent unfortunate events and he will be remembered if not for his skills but out of sympathy , respect and a great personality for a long time . 
  they got to the finals . 
  they had a shot . 
  their best shot . 
  fuck me though right ? 
  raptors look mentally beat, 
  raptors do n't deserve these amazing fans that show up to these games inside and outside, 
  not at all, 
  1 superstar is better than 2 allstars, 
  lyle kowry is ass, 
  / r/nbastreams dude, 
  kyle lowry is honestly shit, 
  drake is a bitch, 
  sorry dude i do n't live on / r/pussypassdenied, 
  still think it 's appropriate for this sub cause she 's a cunt, 
  oh god imagine he got rim stuffed, 
  choookeeeee, 
  at least you understood what they were saying, 
  noo man those guys are ok , but who the fuck is designer , young thugs a clown too, 
  for specialists that do n't have a clue what they 're doing, 
  30 for 30 : when petals fall, 
  there 's no way this is an actual common thought . 
  i see this everywhere lately, 
  why the fuck did he leave !? 
  that annoying , ear blowing piece of shit looks best in a pacer uniform, 
  i would n't call it great , but yeah i get your point . 
  to each their own , music is completely subjective . 
  more like unrealistic, 
  i fucking hated that smh, 
  he 's not the brazilian durant , but he is brazilian, 
  god i ca n't wait for this series to be over , both heat and hornet fans are using the same bias arguments . 
  can we just enjoy playoff basketball ? 
  honestly ca n't stand the dude and i was born in toronto, 
  i did , got downvoted into the abyss of hillary clinton 's ass . 
  then there is always that one guy that redirects you to / r/lewronggeneration ,, 
  some people do n't understand that music is totally subjective . 
  i think the classic raptors logo should have never changed , not a fan of the new one, 
  yeah you 're right , those were dope, 
  get one for disney land dwight !, 
  yes ... 
  i want chaos, 
  snowball fight on biscayne blvd, 
  lol !, 
  this is fucking mint, 
  that 's a little steep ... 
  dwyane wade is a top 5 dirtiest player of all time, 
  you have to sing to a pig before you slaughter it, 
  open your eyes, 
  this is bullshit, 
  no way you guys thought i was serious , just trolling the narrative, 
  fuck this, 
  i 'm glad we lost this game cause that means we ca n't lose anymore, 
  why the fuck is everyone saying that !? 
  we had the best player in the world the other times we down 3-2 , plus a younger wade and bosh . 
  last night 's loss was alarming and spo needs to come up with a counter attack fast, 
  yeah his face was injured alot, 
  can we make april 28th national shit on rockets day , cause this is great, 
  can it be trusted though ? 
  lmao, 
  i was rooting for you guys so you should return the favor, 
  i wan na upvote you but you 're at 81, 
  he would dummy jefferson, 
  whack, 
  they 're all dummies, 
  hopefully it is, 
  in we wade we trust !, 
  fuck ! , what kind of dark magic is this !, 
  ca n't even hate, 
  dragic ca n't guard his own shadow, 
  that 's honestly what i want , live with wade die with wade, 
  what are you wearing ? 
  lmao that dude just trolled whiteside, 
  mcbob is so afraid to make an offensive move, 
  repeat of gm 1 and gm 2 pls, 
  so g tho, 
  ... mind ... blown, 
  i was defending dragics contract all season long and i feel like an idiot, 
  its been this whole series, 
  zeller truly has a face only a mother could love,
