  plus he 's a pretty good rebounder . 
  melo would be lit on the raptors, 
  eli5 : your username, 
  there is no such argument, 
  5th element though, 
  ... chris tucker was hilarious in it . 
  what the fuck does that even mean, 
  seriously , i 'm gon na start using that every time i engage in a debate . 
  good job enes !, 
  youre smart !, 
  does it look bad ? 
  video wouldnt load for me earlier , just saw it . 
  not good, 
  sure gave me a fuckin tweak . 
  love this guy, 
  #yeah !, 
  motherfucker !, 
  straight up . 
  how a guy who literally looks like a raptor could even be perceived in such a way is a shame . 
  grodt 50 ? 
  so arguably a top 10 album . 
  one of the best rap albums ever . 
  his passing is flashy as fuck . 
  this shit is ban-worthy imo, 
  pizza pizza should be a pic of hedo not ross, 
  that team would be trash anyways, 
  lebron mad cavs did n't sign kd, 
  what 's the timetable for cp3s return ? 
  yeah that 'd be dope, 
  melo for carroll, 
  how can you not feel for the guy right now . . like damn, 
  what if it spreads ? 
  he 'll be nice on the clips, 
  straight up . 
  all you other teams better get your shit together , cause i 'm tired of winning . 
  first year with dion waiters, 
  they should . 
  some of the outfits these days are atrocious, 
  not advocating it . 
  but i 'm pretty sure it 's temp ban . 
  wants to `` sort out a mess '' by making a bigger mess . 
  lmao let 's discuss this guy 's , he 's telling us to, 
  he 's actually not that terrible . 
  doing alot better this year, 
  fuck this streak, 
  fuck this streak, 
  miami was the only team that he deserved to get that cash from . 
  i 'm not sure why denver and chicago were offering more . 
  this is sad, 
  he 's in love with the d-league smh, 
  to be quite honest with you . 
  i 'm not even sure how we managed to win 7 in a row with this roster . 
  no winslow , no jrich , no tj and hassan for most of it . 
  credit spo, 
  this was not thought through ... at all, 
  them too of course, 
  most all-star big men would be hooked up to a respiratory after 60 minutes of total play and 35 in a row . 
  e : a word, 
  it 's a pretty good statline regardless ... but the most impressive part is the 60 minutes played . 
  that 's the headline of the statline . 
  he was n't being overused , some players take 29 shots in 35 minutes . 
  his job was to just stay on the court in impact the game in more ways than just scoring . 
  and not every big man can hustle for rebounds for 60 minutes a fucking night . 
  i kept waiting for the resolution to kick in :( ... 
  banned, 
  you have no idea what you just started with this comment, 
  this dude taking over threads tonight, 
  straight up , spo is so overrated, 
  this is enough winning . 
  i wan na lose every game from here on out . 
  thank you spo you had your fun , now stop . 
  how lit is this game ... ? 
  what a fucking pass by bjelica , damn, 
  dallas is like `` we 'll start losing again when miami does '', 
  rivals even in tanking seasons, 
  carlisle and spo proving just how good they are, 
  jesus , what crawled up your vortex today ? 
  dion waiters, 
  lebron `` the sheriff '' james ? ... is this nickname taken ? 
  gabby is still fulltime in miami, 
  ... because they need a playmaker and have a roster spot to fill . 
  snake corn, 
  corn snakes, 
  dragon banana, 
  i got you guys . 
  trying to balance out these downvotes, 
  i guess , if you weigh 1500 grams, 
  tim, 
  those jersey 's are dope, 
  this whole play from start to finish was d-wade ` esque, 
  ahh i thought it was twice your body weight . 
  i ca n't even get the myth right smh, 
  as per tradition, 
  was this the fucking plan all along ? 
  like what the fuck is this ? 
  was this the fucking plan all along ? 
  like what the fuck is this ? 
  bulls wo n't stop us this time, 
  it was a hard foul . 
  hassan fell hard and awkward ( he 's a big guy ) making it look worse .
