  seeding changes almost every day . 
  you 're calling the bulls second best due to them holding the second spot in the east . 
  that is bullshit . 
  cause they have just as good a shot as about 5 other east teams , and almost no shot at beating the cavs just as 5 other east teams . 
  i hate to admit it , but cavs are the only power house in the east , and unless they get plagued by freak injuries ( i hope not ) they are going back to the finals this year . 
  celtics/pacers/bulls / pistons were worthy opponents, 
  this guy just gave sizeable a completely different definition, 
  he really is my dad, 
  now he 's the goat, 
  ahh when i think of anthony parker , jamario moon and jorge garbajosa, 
  so ... bosh really is the goat , i 've been saying this for a long time, 
  was n't he considered as a decent coach with the raptors ? 
  but is byron even trying right now ? 
  i think bosh can more than just keep up with green , that 's one matchup i ca n't wait to see, 
  you 're right , demar derozan did n't know what a jump shot was , and look at him now 7 years later . 
  i 'm sure he 'll develop a great mid range game alongside wade . 
  doubt he 'll ever be lethal from the three . 
  that 's the salami and cheese squad . 
  and do n't get me started on tj ford , he 's the reason i dislike al horford so much , guy was never the same after that injury, 
  it actually happened, 
  the balkans would like to partake in this wwiii festivities, 
  this is beautifully retarded, 
  i 'm not sold on whiteside and this game has nothing to do with it, 
  welcome back #balkanconnection, 
  can somebody tell him, 
  honestly i find a lot of linkin park songs to be great for working out . 
  if i worked out, 
  ballstreams, 
  do n't wish harm upon a harmless enemy, 
  lol that 's actually hilarious, 
  james harden is your `` leader '' and any team that houses dwight howard is n't the cream of the crop . 
  you guys already fired your head coach , seasons a wash just face it . 
  our records speak for themselves , we might be in the same boat but we 're in a different class, 
  funny about three weeks ago yall thought you were gettin winslow and hassan for dwight, 
  never said harden was n't a skilled player . 
  houstons a dysfunctional team and he 's a part of its dysfunction , no matter what eye popping stats he produces . 
  melo is a top ten player, 
  pathetic college virgin nerd *, 
  i 'll take vuc over dwight, 
  when did dwight dominate a playoff series in houston ? 
  this is a houston post game thread right ? 
  your only defense to dwight is when he was dominating on another team ... 8 years ago . 
  that 's a soft argument , soft like dwight . 
  talk to me when dwight leaves probably after this season and harden is gon na end up leaving as well in the near future . 
  this is just a screenshot i took from my phone, 
  you 're saying this but you would be so happy if leaves and when he leaves do n't even lie man haha, 
  and everything 's great down here in miami bro , being in the lottery helped out a lot , you 'll get there soon, 
  your standards of great are pretty low man . 
  that 's rude . 
  til : hall of famer = great, 
  the guy who thinks dwight is * great * is hilarious, 
  actually i 'm probably old enough to be your dad, 
  dwight is great , let 's just end it there, 
  you did n't argue a single point . 
  this was no argument, 
  people also do n't realize what type of player he was when he came into the league and how far he has come now . 
  truly a hard worker and a coaches dream, 
  he definitely is , he was boshs rook , has been there longer than anybody else , leading scorer and go to shot maker in the clutch . 
  lowry is the floor general but demar is the commander, 
  it 's just toronto things . 
  yeah like rondo and rubio, 
  windhorst ruins truehoop for me , which is a shame because they always cover great topics , but he so god damn annoying and his voice makes me cringe, 
  or shaq, 
  except he 's not similar to demar in any way shape or form, 
  lol easy there buddy , your only one game under .500  pretty sure miami would be 5th in the west now , and the eastern conference has proved to be a little more strong this year . 
  rockets are a joke of franchise and their fans are just as delusional, 
  true, 
  demar is a stud i do n't give a fuck what anybody says, 
  dumbest thing i 've read all day . 
  thanks for that, 
  always prime wade, 
  go pull a hamstring you fucking scouse, 
  yeah, 
  you can thank the rogue for that - . -, 
  i ai n't even mad . 
  we are all witnesses, 
  i hope we do even if we get swept, 
  if whiteside played , this game would have been a blowout from the start, 
  i 'm not arguing . 
  i actually kinda like you, 
  ` ship run, 
  wow, 
  i love turnaround js, 
  they were just mean :(, 
  always wondered why d wade never pump faked/jumped into people from the 3 point line, 
  i 'll still stick with dom pagnotti, 
  why ? 
  those sons of bitches, 
  wow congrats , you guys are above .500 !, 
  did n't think you had it in ya, 
  07 heat missed out on playoffs, 
  my fault , you 're right , we got bounced in 07, 
  i would n't hold my breath, 
  we been winning since the start doe , yall are struggling man , it 's okay though we both ai n't winning shit this year, 
  pretty sure you guys blew a 21 point lead against us , and god i pray that by some odd miracle we get a hou-mia final so you at least have a shot at proving your point . 
  we 've been winning since the start of the season . 
  hey man do n't take this personal please . 
  i got nothing against your franchise or your city . 
  houston is great and housed some legendary teams and players . 
  i just chirp any team that houses harden and howard , cause i ca n't stand them,
