  average 8.4 ppg 3.1 reb . 
  1.0 oreb .1.5 ass 0.7 blk, 
  oh no i do n't lurk on the perimeter , i basically shoot it exactly how you described it . 
  just saying its pretty reliable . 
  doing glass cleaner physical shit down low is why i choose to be this archetype , that 's my shit . 
  with a soft touch, 
  aaayyyyyyy, 
  how did he get 95 mil ... 
  believe it or not this type of bullshit call affects every team in the league . 
  this goes beyond just being a `` bad call '' . 
  the players and fans have every right to be in uproar over this . 
  god damn , -7 in a minute at 8am . 
  today is gon na be great, 
  god damn it caleb, 
  i miss wade 's playmaking, 
  nice . 
  `` little casears palace '', 
  dragic +1.0 . 
  nice, 
  i think it 's sweet cause you got all of detroit 's teams downtown now . 
  auburn hills was a long drive for some people . 
  plus they will probably get more people from windsor crossing over for games . 
  so when the raptors play it 's gon na look like a home game for them even more now, 
  seriously . 
  such a simple solution and benefits everyone, 
  if i write an article about nba officiating , will i get fined 25k ? 
  cause i do n't have 25k, 
  in toronto 's defense , last year 's `` offensive foul '' and yesterdays debacle makes it a not so honest sweep . 
  but i ca n't imagine how it feels for them , probably bad . 
  ahh i see , i try not to watch too many bulls games cause i act like a girl watching the notebook, 
  no way this narrative is still alive . 
  his knees keep proving everyone wrong . 
  i personally do n't think he 'll surpass vc in points , but i also believe that wade 's knees wo n't be the reason he retires . 
  i fully understand that . 
  he 's also gon na be 35 in january . 
  17-19ppg is pretty good if not extravagant for a 35 year old with destroyed knees . 
  derrick rose ca n't even put those numbers up and he 's 27 . 
  30ppg flash is long gone nobody is disputing that . 
  yes of course . 
  i just do n't agree blaming wade 's knees at this stage of his career . 
  most superstar players tend to break down around this age . 
  he started breaking down abit earlier but oddly enough managed to stay a crafty scorer and playmaker . 
  his knees were to blame for his decline in 2012-14 . 
  right now , my man 's just getting old but the knees seem steady . 
  i guess what i 'm saying is given wade 's injury history and how fucked up his knees are , it 's almost a miracle he 's still able to perform at this level . 
  his knees kept him out of games during his prime , but all that work and precise rehab is ironically keeping him in games today . 
  i think he 'll hold up till 37 before calling it quits . 
  back to backs still hurt him . 
  i do n't shoot 3s . 
  i 'm saying when i 'm open its pretty reliable . 
  i do n't like the stretch type cause it makes him super soft down low . 
  add me on ps4 if you wan na see what my game is all about, 
  the deep dish is actually legit . 
  so fucking filling, 
  trying really hard to find every god damn loop hole in the rule book to come up with perfect reasoning as to why the correct call was made . 
  this is actually the best answer for raptors fans , this delay only proves you guys right . 
  i thought the clock did start when cousins touched it ? 
  filth, 
  what a way to ruin a career night for whiteside . 
  none of the guards stepped up . 
  good win philly, 
  lol literally a shot that he should n't have even shot , some fans booed, 
  yes , detroit deep dish  chicago deep dish imo, 
  big men taking back the league . 
  love it, 
  whiteside for sure, 
  think he 's the bruno treatment . 
  way too raw to insert into rotation at the moment . 
  swing for the fence type draft pick due to being an age defying freak of nature . 
  definitely fun to watch , just wish we had some actual talent around him cause he is in his absolute prime right now . 
  consider starting then, 
  wade gets annoying . 
  literally just tapes himself doing regular day shit , his stories are endless . 
  almost like those instagram models, 
  we got ta consider winning as well , we 're trash, 
  how does one rebound with closed fists, 
  everyone 's guilty of talking about their favorite sport team in the way that i just did . 
  you 're so cool and smart for pointing that out, 
  so what he 's going through some shit ? 
  regular day people go through serious shit every day . 
  it 's not wrong to call him a loser , dumbass when that 's exactly what he made himself out to be . 
  are we supposed to pity him cause he managed to fuck his life up after earning a boat load of money ? 
  thank god i 'm just middle class enough where i can still do a decent amount of drugs without destroying my life, 
  damn i wonder who they 're gon na have to sign next year to heal this year 's wound, 
  damn i did n't know winslow had a dad, 
  yeah that 's a fair label , considering he only played 13 games as the number one option with atrocious supporting cast, 
  ... name me one team with as young of a core as miami 's that 's successful . 
  it 'll take time , it was known since summer that they were not gon na be very good . 
  it 's not all clevelanders , this guy 's a notorious heat hater, 
  anthony davis is producing 3x better numbers than hassan , and where is his team at ? 
  it 's a bullshit argument dude . 
  i do n't think i ever said whiteside is as talented as davis . 
  i would n't bank on whiteside dragging miami to the playoffs with this roster . 
  you do n't think the guy deserves a little credit for how he 's performing this year ? 
  you 're clearly way too emotional about your sports teams . 
  i do n't hate cleveland or the cavs so you probably wo n't get any back and forth bashing from me . 
  it 's coming ... 
  under , trust, 
  could have thrown in whiteside too , fucking embarrassing . 
  i think players would vote him in for mvp but the league definitely would n't , cause of the dumb mvp standards,
