  should i change it back ? 
  so maybe your lame attempt at a joke gets some love ? 
  kobe, 
  it would be entertaining as hell if you ask me, 
  :( ... you 're good at this, 
  take it to a dry cleaning/patch up place , i 'm sure they could come up with something, 
  no problem ... . breadren, 
  makes sense , as good as they both are , for a long time now the narrative has been that they are each their own worst enemy . 
  maybe having a not so dominant pg that can run an offense would work alongside butler and kd, 
  i just do n't see it happening cause who would trade a talent like russ , that 's a huge gamble especially after being one quarter away from the finals . 
  some look at this season as a sign of maxing potential while others believe this same core can build off of this still . 
  seems like lue did a good job of keeping team morale high , but when it comes to coaching i do n't think he 's fit for a all-star contending team like the cavs . 
  wouldnt be surprised if they get someone with some serious pedigree for next year, 
  would their bench be the warriors starters ? 
  i 'm really pulling for a sweep at quicken loans , so that kid from akron can hoist his second trophy, 
  has nothing to do with lebron really . 
  he gave us his 4 best years of his career and yeah i would love for him to be remembered for only being successful in miami . 
  he can play the going home card as much as he wants , in my opinion if it 's about winning he made the wrong decision by going back to cleveland . 
  not saying miami could beat these warriors but pat riley deserved a chance to re-tool after getting ass fucked by san antonio . 
  okay but lebron said it himself , if they had won in 2014 he would have stayed . 
  pointless arguing this now , it 's water under the bridge , nobody could foresee this warriors team back then . 
  but on a side note , in 2014 when he left , r/nba was raving how his chances of winning with love and kyrie are greater than with bosh and wade . 
  that 's a crock of shit , during our four year run we had more than one leader on our team , currently on the cavs lebron is the only leader while the other guys are made from sugar powder . 
  i hope after this series that narrative can be buried . 
  in the end , his departure almost put us in a better spot , we had one down year as was expected but we ended up getting some nice draft picks and whiteside . 
  boshs case is unfortunate but i remain optimistic , also about resigning whiteside, 
  if the cavs front office did a better job of bringing players in he would n't have left in the first place . 
  cavs from last year and this year are n't even close defensively as the heatles were . 
  lebron leaving set you guys up with picks to have a decent team now . 
  honestly he 's probably best as a # 1, 
  lol dude there 's no way you 're even arguing this right now , lebron was a one man wrecking crew his first go around the cavs, 
  klay is definitely # 1 on that team, 
  noo that was just a rumor i believe, 
  like d rose 's mvp ? 
  sadly an nba finals appearance is all you guys will ever see , do they give rings out for second place ? 
  got ta be at least a banner in there or perhaps a hat ? 
  lol man there 's nothing wrong with me chirping the cavs ... it 's reddit and as a heat fan i 'm used to being chirpped all the time , like those 4 years you could n't stand the heat ? 
  maybe move the team to akron ? 
  blows your mind ? 
  ... really ? 
  how comfortable do you feel betting on the cavs ? 
  cavs fans hate us cause we hate them cause we think it 's funny their hometown hero will be remembered for being successful in miami, 
  that 's why im reading all of this smiling and you 're biting your nails and pulling your hair cause your team is gon na be down 3 games after tomorrow , i 'm so salty, 
  lol this cavs team could n't even run through indiana, 
  pretty sure ring are made from gold and diamonds not salt , i could be wrong though, 
  ive been hearing this the last 3 years . 
  wow , dragic ' name was all over these threads just a few months ago , not anymore, 
  i get that man but every year for a while now has been john wall break out year, 
  lol that 's what i 'm saying , he 's already good , every year people make it seem like he 's gon na grab the league by storm and be so much better . 
  he is what he is, 
  ed curry, 
  it 's not sad , i 'm quite happy about it, 
  i ca n't see a logical adjustment that can be made , the cavs are beyond out matched . 
  they could throw any lineup at the warriors and gs will respond due to their extreme versatility . 
  like chauncey billups said , cavs are filled with specialty players that can do one specific job , while gs players are multi tasking, 
  i would question the meaning of life, 
  not sure why you 're being downvoted , kyrie has never been a good distributer , and it does n't make it any easier when , to your point , you ca n't pass out to lebron on the perimeter . 
  i see three celtic legends , one great but problematic point guard , a fish and a singer, 
  d wade was a good facilitator without lebron and his iq is miles ahead of irving 's, 
  yes i fully understand and i think it just comes down to the fact that not every player could do with lebron what bosh and wade did . 
  maybe , as paul pierce would say , kyrie does n't have the `` it '' factor, 
  i do n't know , 34 year old wade would n't help too much defensively against these warriors . 
  bosh would be more effective than love cause he gives you everything love does plus defense still think dubs come out on top , you need a special type of team to beat these warriors, 
  it 's mostly laker fans trying to convince themselves that it 's a toss up, 
  hell yeah , ingram ai n't no scrub , you guys win either way , but this dudes a notch above, 
  hell yeah , ingram ai n't no scrub , you guys win either way , but this dudes a notch above, 
  hell yeah , ingram ai n't no scrub , you guys win either way , but this dudes a notch above, 
  hell yeah , ingram ai n't no scrub , you guys win either way , but this dudes a notch above, 
  `` trucking company '', 
  yes ... yesss ... i want drama and chaos, 
  this is dope guy, 
  that 's fine . 
  i hope those experts do n't work for my team, 
  looks like you did your homework, 
  this would make a good 30 for 30, 
  lebron is the only thing i like about cleveland , sadly he 's not enough for me to root for them, 
  17 points ai n't shit, 
  typical coaches dumb daughter , stay classy, 
  cavs would have won either way if kevin love played last night , can we stop acting like a 30 point win happened only cause klove was out , thats just ridiculous . 
  i 'm not saying they shouldnt try something different with love , like tweak his rotation . 
  but putting this win solely on loves absence is beyond dumb . 
  he 's a good player and they need him, 
  did moz kick his knee out or something ? 
  you guys are n't that much better defensively without him . 
  i 'm also not arguing that . 
  what i 'm saying is you 'll see when it 's finally a close game how much his offense can come in handy , not every game will be like last night, 
  yeah i agree , but some people are saying they are better off not playing love at all, 
  watched his miami highlights the other day , seems like a totally different player and it was only 2 years ago, 
  top 30 plays : https://youtu.be/jurjdr5ppke, 
  like a half human half sandwich ? 
  sort of like crab people, 
  what are ... you sinking about ? 
  djokovic is unreal right now , what a stud . 
  way to represent the mother land, 
  sounds better when you say it, 
  not necessarily here in this thread but in other ones and last night 's game thread , that was precisely the narrative, 
  so he 's right ? 
  yes !, 
  hangout with me lebron, 
  dude ... that 's the best part,
