  i 'm telling you it was a lackluster effort by whiteside . 
  drummond had a great game and made him his bitch , but whiteside can do alot better against him or at least he should if he wants to consider himself a top 3 center in the league . 
  i think drummond was extra motivated last night though too , by far the best defensive game i 've seen from him , kudos to him . 
  he needs to play like that every night and the pistons will make some serious noise . 
  i agree , dre came to play and hassan was somewhere in lala land . 
  simple as that, 
  damn that bitch should have been in the over by now, 
  hate it when i 'm out of the loop on most recent memes, 
  oh man that 's rough, 
  raptors clippers, 
  d wade as qb or k love, 
  hmmm would n't it make sense to continue playing pp at the 4 and have sully come off the bench ? 
  jeez i 'm dumb , forgot siakam starts . 
  that kids looking pretty promising too, 
  memes like this helped me get off heroine, 
  traveled the world and the seven memes, 
  jesus fuck , demar is deadly in that 10-16 area, 
  not hating or anything , vc is in my top 5 fave players . 
  but is he getting a highlight video every game this season ? 
  think br trusts r/nba more than themselves, 
  two times, 
  and we are not good, 
  you ca n't just take someone 's job like that , he 's got a family to feed, 
  dude just finish it and then milk the dlcs, 
  father prime, 
  yeah but technically it was only two days when you convert it to looney tunes years . 
  to us it seemed like two years, 
  also played his heart out against those monstars , and to come back after all that and win 3 more in a row is just remarkable, 
  just stick to the main quest , try not to get side tracked with pointless shit . 
  some side quests are meaningful and you 'll figure out which ones as you go along . 
  it 's usually when a new character is introduced . 
  it really is a shame if you have this game and have not yet finished at least the original game , let alone the dlcs . 
  i kinda had the same problem , i decided to just get super baked and push through the game , all of a sudden i became addicted . 
  ... i became ... geralt . 
  but he is super tough, 
  mostly cause of lebrons playmaking, 
  and millions of other reasons , not just fans, 
  sure hope so after his last two embarrassing games, 
  dunk from the 3pt line is worth 5 points, 
  fuck yeah here we go, 
  one vucevic please , the spacing with hassan down low , oh my , piss in my mouth, 
  but i wan na see wade to demar lobs, 
  vooch , come to the dark side , you do n't need to play defense, 
  oh no was n't hinting at him playing well cause of lebron . 
  klove is a stud , but the crazy efficiency part is mostly cause lebron is a fucking maestro at finding his guys for wide open shots, 
  literally vucevic, 
  damn i thought he played the 4, 
  that 's what the oden experiment was all about -_-, 
  i just ca n't stand how he says it was n't about money and there isnt any bad blood between him and pat . 
  its just bullshit cause there 's no way in hell he just wanted a change of scenery after everything he has in miami . 
  not just the team but his whole life in miami, 
  gon na test out just how serious they were about this `` do not drink '' label on this bottle of clorox, 
  not sure it fits this criteria but i will never understand why the knicks gave up a first rounder for bargnani, 
  i do n't know bro , in hindsight it 's pretty fucking terrible because he did n't really amount to anything in new york . 
  maybe at the time it seemed well worth but definitely not now . 
  you mean in hindsight it was bad . 
  at the time it seemed like a good trade for the knicks, 
  but this post is about trades that turned sour for one of the teams . 
  like the example op gives about kawhi being traded by the pacers . 
  yeah , could n't be too hard to average 20ppg on that raptors roster . 
  he 's all they had , demar was just baseline dunking then . 
  what a cunt, 
  everytime i get on board the `` trade dragic train '' he comes and does this, 
  ahhhh so are we still all aboard ? 
  cause our boss is a prick, 
  except winslow 's still a dishwasher, 
  philly, 
  35 year old wade is outplaying rose this season tbh, 
  i 'm praying for a cleveland repeat, 
  can forget the boy tj , 50 million dollar toothless god, 
  are your prayers worth more than mine since you 're a holy roman prince ? 
  fuck i always forget, 
  can you explain this to pat riley please , he 's either ignoring me or he turned his pager off, 
  lol literally shooting 0 % from half and they mark it green, 
  to be fair miami sucked in the 70s too . 
  where there 's a will there 's a way, 
  not even hating , but they suck at the whole villain thing, 
  ahhh if it 's meant in sarcastic way then ok i understand that . 
  i feel like an easy way to answer this question is to stack up the 2013 heat against the 2016 cavs . 
  might be a little homerism but i think heat win that series, 
  boshs effort and defense never vanished . 
  he just did n't always show up on the stat sheet, 
  celtics , bulls and pacers were all worthy opponents , in my opinion, 
  honestly , lebron was the better player on the heat during the regular season but in the finals not much has changed for him , he 's still the same beast as he was then . 
  for some reason his 3pt shot was better in miami so i 'm just gon na have to go with 13 lebron  16 lebron . 
  kyrie was also 24 and wade was 31 . 
  best 0 point game i 've ever seen, 
  yeah i can agree with that . 
  on offense definitely , the kid averaged 27 against curry . 
  debatable on the other side of the floor though , lebron and wade were a wicked fucking duo , but kyries offensive capability compliments lebron alot better than wade, 
  you are 100 % right . 
  the heatles were always defensive minded . 
  these cavs are a powerhouse on offense , really satisfying to watch, 
  exactly , that 's been melos issue since his denver days . 
  nobody questions his scoring capability, 
  really a shame we might not get to see ben simmons this year . 
  players with `` team first '' mindsets are always the most special , that 's a clear indicator of a leader . 
  well i 'd argue jordan and kobe were but i agree with your point . 
  he always does refer to his miami days as his college or maturing process . 
  they got any of them picks ?
