  lol bro stanley johnson gon na be a stud way before mario, 
  he gon eat us, 
  sadly it 's just how our world works -_-, 
  get the emotions out of the way, 
  good job boys , represent, 
  6/6 in the fourth 3/3 from deep !, 
  that shit was great, 
  save me some clicks, 
  i ca n't stand your tone, 
  yeah , he was `` that '' wade tonight, 
  never thought i 'd hear ross giving somebody trouble ... especially not a player of pgs caliber , no disrespect to ross, 
  cause he 's half ... 
  lem me end this right here . 
  team full of scrubs and lebron will always go farther than a team with scrubs and curry, 
  generally not only by shooting, 
  this is excellent, 
  my man was hype, 
  christ, 
  man i wish we could get more info on bosh, 
  stop, 
  can i see some sauces ? 
  bosh hit a thousand in half a season , man i miss that guy, 
  stream man, 
  holy fuck you 're right, 
  fuck this game, 
  swat, 
  this is why you 're good, 
  which is why its impressive, 
  oh my god that last shot, 
  game of the fucking year i wan na be in you kobe, 
  its like that really good show that you dont wan na end :'(, 
  a record that wo n't be broken ever again, 
  about as close to perfect as you can get, 
  what a fucking god, 
  go to your local park with a basketball , shoot 60 times and let me know how your arm feels . 
  now do that again when you 're 37 running up and down that park for 40 minutes against other players, 
  lmao, 
  i happened to be in toronto for that , they were giving away `` north side '' t-shirts , pretty sick set up you guys have out there, 
  man fuck off with this , can we give kobe one fucking night please ?!, 
  without saying , but warriors this and steph curry that ? 
  wtf does that even mean, 
  wtf is there to evaluate ? 
  he scored 60 in a fuxking exhibition game with the go ahead game winning vintage jumper, 
  lol you 're right , '' hey that guys bleeding , but fuck him , it looked like it did n't even hurt , no foul '', 
  maaaan :'( , fuck the playoffs , i think i know what 's coming next, 
  yes sirrr, 
  dude we 're fine, 
  this is dumb, 
  not at all , jrich is at the 2 and winslow at the 3 . 
  they both serve their purpose on this team . 
  richardson 's offense is alot more polished though, 
  the spurs, 
  it 's cause they are smoothly designed and actually look nice . 
  most of the images of nba jersey ads trending online are just crop cutouts slabbed onto a jersey lol ... which looks horrendous, 
  was there last year , absolutely fucking bonkers !, 
  toronto is my favourite city to visit , ... . besides amsterdam, 
  i 'm trying to imagine how that would go ... 
  they like the celtics, 
  good luck toronto, 
  had over 16,000 points with both numbers so i figure both, 
  heat fan here , these calls are absolute horse shit, 
  true, 
  what ? 
  no , i would love a pacer-heat matchup again this year . 
  i was just commenting on some questionable calls that went against the raps, 
  paul gaso, 
  steve blake, 
  ugh that one on deng for the lead still makes my blood boil, 
  lol wade was holding lebron back . 
  those guys complemented each other like apple pie and vanilla ice cream, 
  yeah but ... hot apple pie and vanilla ice cream ... come on now, 
  i do n't know man , conspiracies are pretty well hidden . 
  this is kind of blatantly in your face obvious, 
  man i love svg, 
  i guess 3,677 ent years translate to 27 human years, 
  i like saying it with a french twist , savag\u00e9 ... . like mirage, 
  im like fluent in french\u00e9, 
  dwade and vince carter, 
  fuck the warriors, 
  detroit has a bright ass future, 
  kevin love, 
  man , bosh lookin real serious on the bench, 
  fire, 
  this is neat, 
  kawhi is that low key gang leader, 
  lol that 's mint, 
  it really is , its pure improv , no script, 
  luol dad, 
  lmao basically , its like they do n't even prepare, 
  how many times is this gon na get posted, 
  luol dad, 
  bug/grass type, 
  came here to say this, 
  at the very least a couple of first round advances, 
  the knicks killed his legacy, 
  i guess its his job to assemble a proper coaching staff and place proper players around him, 
  smh what a moron, 
  but what about ... doing it with blocks ? 
  lol i know , i do n't think whiteside deserved it at all , i 'm just being dumb cause i 'm bored at work , disagree on the deandre thing though , rudy gobert is an elite rim protector , surprised he was in 7th place, 
  i 'm gon na have to agree , demar and kyle going 8-32 translated to a loss .
