  how about those d wade passes ? 
  so fun to watch, 
  we might see something similar next year , 
  i think winslow is gon na get a good amount of playing time and quickly become a key rotational player for the heat . 
  maybe a heat/magic rivalry brewing ? 
  finally both teams look to be competitive at the same time, 
  you think they 'll be 6th -7 th seed but would n't be surprised if they are top 3 ? 
  i know it 's early but can you name 5 better line ups on paper than the heat ? 
  since we 're basing this solely on paper and assuming every player is healthy ... 
  i mean that 's typically what you do during the offseason . 
  you speculate on a team according to their current situation and offseason additions + recent past experience . 
  saying the bulls would be 1st seed if healthy is flat out dumb . 
  if derrick rose achieved 100 % health right now , he would n't be the mvp we saw 5 years . 
  he can be a lot better than what he was last year though , and in my opinion he looked great last year , considering his terrible luck over the years . 
  i mean fuck , you account for it , but as fan you obviously go in the season hoping your roster remains somewhat healthy . 
  i 'm just a salty heat fan, 
  they are close , but age , ft attempts and just overall shot selection and on court attitude always has me taking demar, 
  tjs injury is why i dislike al horford so much ( complete bias , he 's a great player ) . 
  but before that nasty injury , ford was one of if not the quickest player in the league . 
  i think he would have been a solid player . 
  not to mention they 're bringing in a new coach and still do n't have a back up pg for rose . 
  305 brotherhood, 
  ... like ... really good, 
  vince was more impactful in the playoffs . 
  sorry , had to, 
  my bad , i forgot to add as well , despite my statement and the research you provided , i would also be taking melo . 
  monta does n't carry the burden of being the go to guy . 
  jeez you guys are so sensitive, 
  who 's that ? 
  i know right , makes next season that much more exciting, 
  ummm shaq ? 
  most likely, 
  literature, 
  nbas biggest sleeper, 
  they parted with tyler for sure ? 
  yeah true , i would n't mind psycho t back, 
  that 's the thing , when wade is talked about its usually past tense . 
  as if he is n't relevant anymore . 
  call me bias , but with the moves pat riley made this off-season the heat look to have one of the deepest teams in the last 5 years . 
  a perfect mix of veterans and younger guys with plenty of experience ( spurs ? 
  tyler 's johnson ? 
  it very much so is, 
  [ 7 ] - at work like , `` is that a fuckin dog ?! '', 
  a lot of people get compared to you when you 're the greatest , 
  gim me shaq alone, 
  not many true point guards in the league fellow bro . 
  29 is n't old at all , nash was terrific in his early 30s, 
  i agree 100 % . 
  which is why pat riley is in full blown `` win now '' mode . 
  east will be interesting , hurry up october !, 
  lol relax dude . 
  of course he played bad last year , mid season trades never fully develop until the following season , especially for a dismantled team like the heat were last year . 
  judge them by what they do next year . 
  how the eff do people do this ... 
  fuck the cavs, 
  honestly , on his alley oops , it 's like he catches it first then decides what he 's gon na do with it . 
  most players catch it in motion of a windmill or reverse . 
  smh he was amazing !, 
  only one that 's crying is you my friend, 
  he 's been injured ever since his rookie year . 
  i think he misses on average 15.6 games a season . 
  he 's still a top 3 sg in history and imo he got robbed that 2009 season for mvp . 
  lebron did have a hell of a year that season , wade only beat him in ppg . 
  cavs won 66 games heat won 43 , lebron played 81 games , wade surprisingly played 79 that season . 
  i mean yeah lol for being `` injury prone '' the guy is pretty fucking successful . 
  well said by the way, 
  those two fish might come in handy for munchies , did n't it feed like 30 ppl ? 
  i know a lot of dealers named jesus now that i think of it, 
  you 're acting like jerry west 's silhouette is on the nba logo, 
  i 'm from windsor and i always used to see his ass downtown over here before he turned 21, 
  cavaliers are always accepting new members, 
  just make sure to leave when they are putrid again *, 
  i respect women so much that i completely stay away from them !, 
  imagine if d wade developed a consistent 3pt shot . 
  i think it would have helped out a lot during these final years of his, 
  looks like shit, 
  lol i know it looks like uncooked pasta with granola . 
  only slight edge i would give love is rebounding . 
  bosh is just that dude, 
  i constantly run this scenario through my head ... we were a powerhouse in soccer as all at the time . 
  well that all changed , stupid politics, 
  100 pills of molly 250 $ -350 $ bulk street price, 
  25 year jail sentence = i do n't know how much of tax payer money but probably more than 300 $ . 
  so yeah ... this is dumb, 
  i feel like he had a decent amount of success on the court , just kinda fucked up off the court, 
  we got a drake stan over here, 
  yeah true , guess you 're right, 
  how did he hypnotize me to watch that from start to finish ... 
  this and a bag of shrooms = best trip ever, 
  makes sense, 
  not really considering raptors only play him the first three quarters, 
  i hope so , i 'm still trying to figure out why james johnson was never put in to guard pierce . 
  that 's in the past though , i 'm excited to see if these new pieces elevated the team or not . 
  i ca n't find the press conference video of casey dodging questions when asked about not play jj . 
  maybe so one has it ? 
  how did you even stumble on this it 's so damn old, 
  well i am thrilled to have you here, 
  roaches ? 
  i do n't like roaches, 
  i guess plays like this were n't enough to get him playing time in the first round,
