  but the higher ups wo n't get touched, 
  holy fuck !, 
  you 're wild, 
  i 'm . surprised morey did n't go after ibaka, 
  does n't take an expert to hear that it 's him, 
  i agree with you . 
  it would be great to get expert confirmation . 
  damn ... this definitely cleared up what to look for in the video . 
  my first time i couldnt make a single thing out . 
  e : guys try watching this video on mute . 
  makes it alot easier to focus . 
  it really looks like the child is running away from something inside , at one point you can almost see a clear back peddle . 
  the hitting of the broom stick could definitely be used to agitate whatever is in there as op said in the voat post . 
  there 's no way you 're serious, 
  of course . 
  it 's not remotely enough to say it 's 100 % him . 
  the voices are similar is all i can take from the comparisons . 
  it could be him and it could n't be him for all we know . 
  it 's a disturbing video , but still not enough evidence . 
  who the fuck do you think you are ? 
  why would anybody take you seriously ? 
  your post history is far from credible, 
  nobody is saying this is 100 % podesta . 
  we are all just speculating , while others are investigating . 
  you just seem to be dismissing everything right off the bat which is why you 're always downvoted to hell . 
  i 'm skeptical about this shit too , but i 'm not coming to the conclusion that this is an older brother fucking with a younger sibling . 
  that 's beyond retarded, 
  what other side ? 
  people are aware of what worldcorp is . 
  that 's does n't immediately render this video useless . 
  according to you , we should just wrap the whole thing up cause this leaked video is allegedly a part of an arg . 
  some advice for your next move . 
  make some really good content supporting your theory . 
  something actually makes sense and something to back it up with . 
  prove me wrong even on my speculation , i will read it , look at it , watch it , whatever it may be . 
  i work 65 hours a week , i do n't have the time to do my own investigation , i read and dissect other people 's work . 
  the guys over at voat are doing a great job . 
  i doubt anybody is gon na watch it for its oscar winning potential, 
  dwight robbed us of kobe/lebron , biyombo robbed us of wade/lebron, 
  the team with rodney mcgruder, 
  is not when have better season , is then harden no better ? 
  i read your post from yesterday . 
  i am very skeptical as well about this video while it remains to be extremely disturbing , i am keeping an open mind to it . 
  you said you 've conducted `` research '' and claim to have traced some twitter accounts pointing to this being 14-16 year old kids staging an abuse video . 
  you state that its likely an older sibling playing around with the younger sibling . 
  to gain publicity online . 
  possible ? 
  yes of course it 's possible . 
  but please show me a group of 14-16 year old kids that are capable of making such a realistic video , show me a 14 year old that can replicate such horrifying screeching with evident emotion . 
  if you claimed they were in their early 20s , it would sound believable , but you ca n't say that because it 's clear there is a child present in the video . 
  most 14-16 year old kids these days are too busy listening to lil fucking yachty doing dance challenges on youtube instead of making fake torture videos online . 
  everything is within the realm of possibility , but what you claimed lacks some logic in my opinion . 
  edit : just asked me for my phone number, 
  not a single piece of information on pg made you raise an eyebrow ? 
  i 'm very skeptical about the whole thing , i have n't come to a conclusion whether it is real or not . 
  but i can not ignore the links and connections online investigators have made . 
  there has n't been a single logical clarification to alefantis ' instagram account . 
  combined with the fact that msm is pressing hard against it makes it hard to believe there is n't something there . 
  the whole term `` fake news '' was created because of pizzagate . 
  and that fucking backfired , to the point where man does n't even use the term anymore because it 's seen as comedic . 
  that 's what i ca n't stand . 
  people that think most pizza gate believers are trying to bury the clintons or some higher ups . 
  when in fact it 's the act alone that makes us sick , and most of us just want to get these children some help . 
  of course we also want justice to those who are involved , the ultimate justice . 
  damn , i 'm not a drummond fan but that 's outrageous, 
  what 's that got to do with me being paranoid ? 
  i do n't hand my number out to strangers online . 
  no i think it 's super weird of you to ask me for my number to show me `` evidence '' cause you 're `` too lazy to upload to imgur '' as you said . 
  why do n't you respond to my original comment ? 
  hell no, 
  those videos are odd as hell, 
  whatever the source of this video is even if it 's not related to pg . 
  this can not be staged or acted , that is some oscar winning acting in that case . 
  somebody is abusing a child in this video/recording, 
  it 's a common pizza shop sign . 
  move along, 
  he built a championship team this year already, 
  that deep dish is actually great . 
  nice . 
  was pretty terrible, 
  i want their heads on a spike, 
  lebron , wade and kobe were teaching me how to dunk in my backyard . 
  and i actually dunked and it felt so satisfying then i turned around and they were gone . 
  woke up , could not dunk anymore :(, 
  i do n't even know how to fucking work it ... . it used to be so simple , wtf 2k, 
  he 's 20 years old ... 
  yeah his shooting is beyond horrendous . 
  but to say that he ca n't bounce back and at least become a sub par shooter is kinda of bogus to me . 
  he does everything else aside from shooting fairly well . 
  i did n't disagree with your analysis of his poor shooting . 
  stats back that up . 
  just your statement of him not being able to bounce back, 
  you typed '' i 'm not sure you can come back from that '', 
  maybe i misunderstood ? 
  i never said i disagreed with you in the first place ... your statement was vague but you have now cleared it up . 
  thanks, 
  ... kinda wan na answer this, 
  james harden, 
  dude it 's 5 years from now ... 
  i wish it was more like the movie gladiator,
