  when 's he projected to be back ? 
  relax guys , they have different standards of traffic in toronto , all out shit show every day over there, 
  damn i feel like you guys play really well with him out there, 
  seeing that toronto is the 4th largest city in north america , you 're probably not wrong . 
  when i was on don valley and 401 all i kept thinking was `` civics ... honda civics everywhere '', 
  thanks for sharing, 
  same body, 
  and that mean mug swagger really turns me on, 
  lol he has been , you ca n't expect the guy to be what he was in phx on this heat team . 
  he 's doing all the little things right, 
  * be a genius *, 
  hassan whiteside, 
  westbrook really is the manic shady type , good stuff man, 
  til - isiah thomas is a better sg than demar derozan, 
  it ai n't about stats cuz . 
  wade will earn more votes regardless, 
  fluid as piss !, 
  ca n't stand when people are this biased in close games . 
  detroit out shot us tonight just like they did last time . 
  we suck against three point shooting teams . 
  and in detroits defence , winslow traveled on that dunk and wade had no call kick ball . 
  it was a fair win by detroit . 
  exactly , plus we had two chances at the end for the win . 
  fair win by the pistons, 
  lol yeah they are ... they shot 15/29 from three that 's 52 % . 
  svg loves the three ball . 
  hes replicating his run in orlando with this pistons squad . 
  dominant big man surrounded by shooters , pretty obvious strategy if you ask anybody . 
  ok guy . 
  great argument you have there . 
  cheers, 
  you seem really buttburt about detroit kicking our ass from deep twice now . 
  i stand corrected when i said they are a 3pt shooting teams , since they are tied with the heat at like # 23 . 
  but i 'm not pushing this loss on the refs , that 's stupid . 
  to go along with our putrid shooting tonight , we could n't capitalize on detroits 16 turnovers !, 
  if you ask me , i 'm surprised we only lost by one, 
  lol caught it at waist level mid elevation ... crazy, 
  easily ? 
  do i have to count them ... or can i trust you ? 
  why plural ? 
  ... anyways, 
  also the first christmas game they scored at least 88 points, 
  holy fuck you 're right, 
  also 26 % from deep . 
  i 'm sure he 'll pick it up though, 
  looked like he tried dunking it, 
  team meeting incoming, 
  that 's beside the point, 
  2009 wade , had a phenomenal season but on a losing team . 
  lebron rightfully deserved that one , just would have been nice to see wade get one, 
  edit : just read the question again ... and my reply does n't apply to this what so ever, 
  sorry i was just comparing that years miami heat team to the success of lebrons cavs which is why in my opinion wade was overshadowed that year . 
  i also just started playing , completely new to this type of game , did i fuck up by taking the axe over the saw cleaver ? 
  it seems like everyone raves how good the cleaver is ... should i just start over since i 'm not that far into the game yet ? 
  ugh it 's such a visually striking game with amazing combat system . 
  i 'm still at the beginning and have no clue what the hell is going on , have n't seen a boss yet , no clue where i 'm suppose to go so i quit a lot but i 'm about to start it back up, 
  fuck it i 'll stick with it since it 's already fortified , i 'm trying to submerge myself into this game, 
  awesome thanks man and yeah i 've been using that charge attack a lot !, 
  yeah i just beat some bosses with the help of some other hunters , this coop thing is pretty cool , never seen a game utilize it this way . 
  now i got weapons unlocked at the store , strange but great game so far, 
  unreal, 
  i think if carmelo was actually michael jordan , he might be better than larry bird, 
  matt delvin : '' terrance ross has been on a * tear * , 6 straight games with 10 + points '', 
  0-1 without winslow, 
  he is definitely not `` balling out '' . 
  i agree he 's getting back into form , i think he will be better next year , this shit takes time , but come on now ... 
  lakers should, 
  but it would be hilarious, 
  lol if anything they do n't beat the bulls record ... but win the ship , seems more likely, 
  is a great coach, 
  takes time for a coach to build his resume no ? 
  he still gets shit on for absolutely no reason, 
  yeah , simply cause he 's a sg having the best season of his career and toronto is hosting so why not . 
  bullshit flagrant post by op, 
  it really should be a toss up between demar and butler . 
  statistically , they are virtually the same with jimmy being slightly better from 3 , but we all know who the better defender is . 
  that being said ... wade will get the starting spot cause that 's the way she goes . 
  i did n't wan na be the one to say i toadaso but i fuckin toadaso, 
  0-2 without winslow, 
  i swear some kids are so intelligent and then they get progressively dumber moving through our educational systems, 
  straight dirt, 
  i do n't think he meant what 's wrong with bennett on the raptors, 
  i feel like anyone that gets recruited by the spurs is an above average player right off the bat . 
  wish pop would give me a chance, 
  only vintage wade , that guys pretty good, 
  come on cuz, 
  and not single sports franchise game can give me realistic , wavy , moving hair . 
  that 's really all i want ... 
  i was praying this past offseason for him to come to miami . 
  always loved this guy , good to see him playing like this with the mavs, 
  why does he always get brought up ... ? 
  yes we do, 
  i think barkley is too high , i would take any of the 5 guys below him before, 
  wow awesome shot man, 
  he 's definitely the most cerebral sg , i think his basketball iq makes up for lost points compared to these other younger guys, 
  how high are you ? 
  seems like the final piece to his final form is being developed, 
  it was more than 80 but less than 82, 
  the score man, 
  there 's no clear cut second best team in the east .
