  jesus , so many worst case ontarios, 
  hahahahaha, 
  the good ol game 82 flu, 
  ah yes , the good ol game 82 rest, 
  he 's also 6/6 in game 82s, 
  process is a gateway drug, 
  just a fancy way of saying fuck the celtics, 
  i am beyond salty right now, 
  it 's sad we lost to the fucking knicks two weeks ago . 
  let 's hope some voters do n't notice we 're not in the playoffs, 
  thanks for trying at least atlanta, 
  they take pride in losing , i 'll never understand . 
  wade vs rondo again, 
  you do n't need a lebron to compete, 
  fuck that , i remember all the losing at the start of the season , it fucming sucked !!, 
  i could n't take 82 games worth of that . 
  honestly what a huge silver lining to all of this, 
  how do you figure ... 
  overtime ? 
  after feeling disappointed . 
  now i 'm hyped for playoff ball . 
  raptors bandwagon flair incoming, 
  bosh will be off this offseason, 
  sad but true . 
  at the start off the season he was basically given an unlimited amount of shots which contributed in us doing so poorly . 
  if we had him playing a role instead of using each game as a offensive development session who knows where we 'd be . 
  hope we get fultz, 
  what why not ? 
  i 'm hype as fuck , saturday is gon na be dope, 
  really glad this squad got healthy and rolling at a perfect time, 
  i get you 're upset about us not making it . 
  but neither the hawks nor the nets were inclined to do us a solid . 
  we put ourselves in this position , there were much better opportunities for us to clinch a spot two weeks ago than tonight . 
  celtics sweep, 
  well he played tonight so i think he 'll be back for sunday, 
  how much is wade getting paid next year ? 
  so what ? 
  if you 're an nba fan you watch the playoffs . 
  okc-hou is gon na be great . 
  toronto and milwaukee should be fun as well , even paul george vs lebron, 
  dennis the menace wade, 
  no thanks, 
  i hope to god not, 
  he 's a ball stopper , wo n't be able to keep up with our young guys . 
  3 years ago i 'd be down , but let 's be real melo is really just a washed up vet , a good one but nonetheless washed up . 
  he would thrive on a contender as a 2nd option . 
  he 's a ball stopper , wo n't be able to keep up with our young guys . 
  3 years ago i 'd be down , but let 's be real melo is really just a washed up vet , a good one but nonetheless washed up . 
  he would thrive on a contender as a 2nd option . 
  plus i rather take my chances at signing hayward or gallo without having to give up winslow . 
  he should hold a nationally televised event call the measurement, 
  i think signing galinari to something reasonable and retaining jj would be more ideal than going after a max star, 
  if we can why not . 
  counting on winslow coming back strong , maybe hassan takes another step forward , think if we just keep these guys intact and build on this season we would be in a good spot . 
  but of course , jj and dion will be receiving some hefty offers . 
  if i have to choose between those two i say cut dion loose and spend the money elsewhere . 
  you 're lost, 
  ahhh just like his secret motivation two years ago, 
  beat it kid, 
  hey cj had a halfway decent look at it, 
  the new the block, 
  got ta give him the ball with 2.7 seconds left, 
  lol they 'll bounce back man, 
  i do n't understand why corey joseph was in the game for that long , he was getting absolutely abused . 
  wish to see more of powell early on . 
  that cojo/lowry lineup is terrible, 
  how long is gon na take him to finish that damn book ? 
  he 's got ta be just posing with it at this point, 
  he 's gon na go 12/40 from the field ? 
  damn , that 's bold, 
  you did him a solid though, 
  hey those are n't pokemon !, 
  cool album though, 
  i know , was being sarcastic . 
  they really changed a lot from the original 100 . 
  that dude can not look normal, 
  find the middle , then go a little west, 
  bound to hit it if you keep going west, 
  lose ? 
  not vintage, 
  wade missing a dunk , in a bulls uniform , playing alongside rondo , at the garden . 
  raptors east, 
  do n't got ta be great against the cs, 
  the east is very well balanced this year, 
  or all pretty good ? 
  damn , those hollywood cameras could make me look like johnny depp, 
  not necessarily , family and divorce courts are super complicated and time consuming . 
  he could still get full custody of his children like wade has.i doubt melo will give up his kids that easy and he 's got the funds to fight in court all his life , really depends on how much of a bitch lala will be when it comes down to the kids . 
  i 've went through it ... . it really does depend on what lala wants , does n't matter how crazy or normal the mother is . 
  they always get custody , unless the father has a really strong case like melo would . 
  that 's what i meant , it depends on how lala is acting , we do n't know if wants to spite him and keep him away , it 's really common in these cases . 
  they could very well just work things out in a day and come up with a schedule for visitation . 
  i 'm not arguing that , all i 'm saying is it depends on her on how far she wants to take it which we do not know as of now . 
  well then it 's probably gon na be a peaceful separation with no spite involved . 
  that 's great news , alot of people that go through that to prove points but in the end it 's the kids that always lose . 
  i 'm talking from experience, 
  they should have had him by now then . 
  he wo n't kill himself , he says he wants to be put on death row . 
  also , he 's doing it for the fame , said he wants yesterday to be remembered as `` the easter sunday massacre '', 
  sorry i phrased that poorly .
