  spoelstra was a great coach during the big three now he 's not cause his roster is trash . 
  same with carlisle and vogel . 
  people talking about `` coaches regressing '' . 
  that 's bullshit , the rosters regress . 
  can kerr turn around miami or dallas right now ? 
  i highly doubt it . 
  people rate coaches judging by their teams records , which is pretty unfair to the coach . 
  billy donovan deserves some credit as well . 
  might hold some truth if you see it in every thread . 
  dream processed, 
  this guy . 
  this fucking guy right here, 
  that 's a pretty basic formula for such a dynamic profession . 
  according to your little equation , it makes it virtually impossible to judge a coach that 's stuck with a lower talent roster . 
  it 's easy to predict `` expected wins '' when looking at top 10 rosters . 
  you can assume how many games would be appropriate for that team to win without even looking at who the coach is . 
  a lebron that 's not a willing passer that stupidly drives to the hoop and takes fuck you shots all game long would be pretty good ... and definitely something i 'd wan na see, 
  nice , fun game and still chalk up another l. i like this bucks team, 
  embiid is miles better . 
  he 's putting great numbers in limited minutes , has a great attitude and character and actually propelled his depleted sixers team to a few wins this season . 
  i do n't think we 've won a game this year solely cause of hassan . 
  that 's actually perfect . 
  they carry the load equally , which is why i think they work so well together and developed a great relationship on and off the court, 
  injuries man , plain and simple . 
  prime d-will was a stud, 
  man orlando dwight was special, 
  they ai n't got no type, 
  post up , call for ball , turn around fade away . . kobeee . 
  demar killin it, 
  2 finals in a row, 
  what why ? 
  when i play against my vacuum he kills me on the boards everytime, 
  false flags, 
  our team is all guards, 
  clean footwork , nice, 
  so unfair that it starts so late -_-, 
  demar would benefit alot i feel like, 
  thought it was at 10:30 pm ... nvm it 's at 8 woooo, 
  melo clearly was n't aware how much time he had on his attempt . 
  could have leaned in off the glass instead of fading a tear drop . 
  mario hezonja is trash, 
  a couple teams/players will get that call, 
  i happened to be in croatia during his pre draft hype . 
  have some hardcore euroball viewer friends over there , none of them understood why he was being praised so highly by the nba , the only player that was making in the balkans at the time was dario saric . 
  hezonja was just a kid that could dunk . 
  it really was n't a bad shot , like you said that 's his shot and he hits that shit all day . 
  but he missed it bad !, 
  could have played it safe, 
  i agree . 
  he 's trying hard to sell the story but really he does n't need to since he had great insider information . 
  i would almost prefer it to be more bland and informative , feels like i 'm watching a knock off dateline nbc . 
  see what ? ... care to fill me in ? 
  woah, 
  lmao who 's dancing on the bench after his second three ? 
  also , best player ever to wear # 15 on the nuggets . 
  you 're insane if you think that, 
  championship dna ? 
  you would get knocked the fuck out by that hit from dray , pussy, 
  dion waiters and luke babbit, 
  the best mgs, 
  you guys are set up for the long run . 
  we are forever in debt to lucifer himself, 
  vince carter perhaps, 
  it 's my go-to whenever i have nothing to watch . 
  throw that up on youtube and just sit back, 
  i agree . 
  wade 's highlights are pure joy . 
  vc just has the goat dunk package highlights, 
  they got ta make the neck opening similar to t-shirts then . 
  like a crew cut or a high v-neck . 
  got ta work on that corner 3, 
  he had like 21 points the other night ... 
  casey runs right rotations with his guards unfortunately , the kids getting playtime but probably not enough i guess . 
  but that 's the price of being on a winning team, 
  what does that word mean, 
  phil is a prick ? 
  ooooo things are getting spicy, 
  i am dumb, 
  blaze ittt, 
  hey there is 17 words in that title , and all of you knew which one i was talking about cause it was tricky one obvs, 
  should be evident to him at this point that if we wants to truly win he should ask out . 
  even if they lose i do n't see it happening, 
  we 're not pawns . 
  we 're the massive graveyard where all the fallen pieces get placed, 
  pls, 
  hassan needs an elite setup man . 
  probably not , i 'm just tired of taking ls and just wan na see some moves being made . 
  it 's really not that special of an accolade imo . 
  i bet that first one feels nice then it 's like meh w.e, 
  we are ... it 's just been a while since we 've been this bad so it sucks . 
  i would rather hold on to tj for now . 
  dragi\u0107 is w.e though, 
  i hate how he singled out lebron as well . 
  he always has to reiterate his close ties with lebron . 
  ahhh my bad, 
  literally the easiest decision of my life, 
  nbatv just trolled the fuck out of us damn, 
  they were doing like the key thing miami needs to do to win in this order, 
  big game from lebon, 
  d wade needs to show up,
