  it was glorious to watch, 
  why the fuck would he !? 
  people assume just cause he came to miami that he wishes to bounce around all over the league . 
  he said it himself , miami was his college where he played with his best friend and learned how to lead a team to the ultimate goal . 
  he went back and fulfilled what he set out to do in cleveland , and you 're a fool if you think he 's done in cleveland !!!!, 
  this could just be the beginning of something spectacular in terms of lebrons career , hes only 31 ... 
  also , kyrie couldnt be the one to overshadow mj , even if it was a last second shot . 
  if it was lebron on the other hand ... 
  we love you asur !, 
  as a heat fan , why the fuck would i hate on pat riley ? 
  do i really need to show you the shrine i built with my own bare hands dedicated to the godfather himself ? 
  i mean as of right now no probably not , but kyrie is 4 years younger . 
  let 's see how he continues to improve, 
  e : he 's definitely better than curry was at this age . 
  curry was injury prone up untill 2 years ago, 
  klays expression is mint, 
  if he wanted he could have played ping pong with the ball and the backboard , still would n't be a goaltend, 
  lebron wo n't leave cleveland even after he retires, 
  my money 's on saric, 
  it 's been done, 
  the game dedicated the song `` dreams '' to her, 
  this guy supports trump, 
  he would pass the trophy to melo, 
  so much legend, 
  he does . 
  he got ousted by the king . 
  why is that so hard to believe ? 
  it 's hard to do what steph was doing with 100 % consistency . 
  wiggins/murray ? 
  canada connection , i 'm so down, 
  golden state should be more worried, 
  he can play 1-5, 
  congrats klay , you played yourself, 
  such beautiful thighs, 
  yeah so ? 
  appreciate the fucking jaw buddy . 
  defensive ? 
  i 'm agreeing with you, 
  dario saric is the best croatian prospect , not dragan, 
  episode 9 was better than the nba finals, 
  anthony bennett, 
  just ride the hate train , come along now, 
  i 'd say it was his draft night, 
  this is the one, 
  look at his cute pudgy cheeks, 
  kick your child out of your life, 
  always take the ugliest one in that scenario , he 's special, 
  brave, 
  easy there onion, 
  ahhh i see sounds good , i 'll give that a shot next time, 
  thanks !, 
  exactly what i expected , thanks for the insight , i 'll have to talk it over with my mechanic, 
  you just ca n't break up a championship team like that , cavs chemistry was through the roof this year , and next year i see you guys gelling even more and just playing basketball with no worries or insecurities . 
  60 + win season incoming for sure, 
  that 's one thing that love does n't really utilize , his mid range . 
  loves the better perimeter shooter though, 
  so you guys are n't going for 74 + next year ? 
  i agree , regular season dominance definitely got to their heads, 
  yeah i 'm probably just gon na avoid over travelling during handle interruption , appreciate the tips though, 
  god i love day drinking , secret is ... not stopping, 
  only way he 's better is if you take lebron out of the equation, 
  its happening, 
  you 're acting like cavs fans had no reason to be mad back then and no reason to be fucking ecstatic right now , and you 're a moron . 
  be happy for them, 
  not like cleveland 's , you win, 
  nets are the bottom of the nbas shoe, 
  if you 're talking about how fidel castro gave the states a bloody nose through miami , you 're right , just like mikhail prokhorov did the nets, 
  someone 's pretty good, 
  we good though , it 's all good down here . 
  focus is on whiteside, 
  but what did he improve at ? 
  you simply just said what he improved at, 
  30 for 30 : a delicate rose, 
  that 's what they said about winslow . 
  i never took their opinions too seriously . 
  i also ca n't deny it was an entertaining show and it got aired daily so you always got a recap of what 's going on in the sports world at least . 
  why would i pay someone when it 's off season and i have this sub ? 
  he was the alpha though ... 
  simmons goes undrafted, 
  raptors gon na take thon so him.and bruno can not play basketball together, 
  i could n't make it through 10 minutes , these guys get paid pretty good for what 80 % of us do on here do during off season for free, 
  i do n't think the bulls are shooting for the playoffs ... 
  you wo n't `` let '' him ? 
  just what the hell are you gon na do about it ? 
  biyombo was set to get paid mid season . 
  he did n't make his leap in the playoffs against miami when they had no bigs . 
  he made his leap during the season when jv was out and the raptors went on a tear , with the help of biyombo . 
  i think you guys are better off signing a young and hungry tenacious rebounder than a washed up dwight howard who 's gon na put up empty points on the board . 
  game 6 and 7 is not on roberson ... . he exceeded all expectations and then some . 
  kanter was a big part of their dismantling of gsw along with adams . 
  they would have won if westbrook did n't turn into turnover god in the last 4 minutes . 
  i think they got more than enough contribution from their rotation guys . 
  perhaps you 're right , trade kanter for solid wing could make them better, 
  dragan bender falls out of top 5, 
  yeah him too , that 's what i mean , the superstars are to blame , not the role players . 
  role players did their part in my opinion, 
  you guys overloading on defense, 
  or what lebron wants , kevin love for shabazz napier, 
  not everyone can be jokic, 
  i 'm gon na have to agree with that,
