  it 's a shit blizzard brewing in chicago, 
  serbia, 
  people forgot we got silver at fiba 2014 . 
  we got blown the fuck out of course but it was interesting for a half, 
  serbia , the mother land, 
  i do n't think he needs riley , but he needs veterans . 
  who 's gon na tame this dude on the lakers for example ? 
  toronto will be shampionchip, 
  close game, 
  everyone wan na play for golden state or cleveland now , so come to miami and let 's go back to being competitive, 
  this is only the beginning, 
  demar : '' iso ? ... casey said it was our secret play '', 
  honestly he did n't really even choke on offense . 
  he just deferred to wade and bosh way too much . 
  his usage rate was nowhere near where it should have been . 
  you 're a dumb ass, 
  you 're not trolling , you tried to make a joke . 
  it was a dumb ass joke , posted by a dumbass, 
  not a good troll job if you have to explain that you 're trolling . 
  you were just using an outdated narrative `` chris bosh is gay/soft '' which is n't really funny anymore bud . 
  i feel like it 's not a lock based on your fo . 
  in demars eyes toronto is a lock, 
  who will be 2016 shampionchip ? 
  you reach a buy out agreement where you get your portion of the money you originally signed for over a longer period of time . 
  allows the player to sign a new deal elsewhere and gives the team some cap relief for the time being . 
  here we go , it 's not officially off season untill the wade leaving miami rumors start . 
  we always make a good soap opera this time of the year, 
  no media coverage with that boring ass , but true , theory, 
  wade ai n't leaving, 
  nah man , he 's got a statue coming, 
  not really , but i get what you 're saying . 
  jesus christ , yeah he can leave . 
  he can also retire tomorrow , he knows why he never got maxed , it was his decision to sacrifice money for success . 
  he 's gon na get paid what he deserves from the heat organization like he always does . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not mad , i 'm all for maxing wade before even attempting to go after kd.a and he 's gon a get maxed if not close , just like last year . 
  all these `` wade 's leaving miami '' posts and speculation is annoying though , literally happens every year and every year it 's the same result . 
  sick photoshop !, 
  still good skills , even made him look younger, 
  emotion after win shampionchip for cleveland, 
  my bad , just my way of shitposting, 
  he scored on him , which is n't hard to do on whiteside if you 're a big with good footwork . 
  i would n't say he made him his bitch though , they went back and forth . 
  val is definitely the more skilled player , whitesides just built different . 
  as sad as i would be , i 'd like to see this the most out of any other scenario, 
  have you seen her face ? 
  e : you youngins have some horrible taste , this is what nick had to wake up to every morning http://imgur.com/q99mkei, 
  incoming jersey ad ? 
  that should work , with some chloroform, 
  man i 'm sorry , but put yourself in his shoes for a second . 
  somebody is handing you a 80 $ mil cheque and the other 120 $ mil , what would you yourself do ? 
  made her own money though, 
  dude chill out , if somebody thinks she 's hot somebody can think she 's ugly as well . 
  nick was n't wrong for cheating on her , he was n't just fucking her , he married the broad . 
  you 've probably seen hotter girls in public, 
  and yeah she looks fine as hell in that picture , cause it 's edited to shit !, 
  she 's hit bro , plus probably annoying as hell , nick can do alot better, 
  you clearly got offended when i called her ugly ... you did n't need to say anything, 
  yeah, 
  god knows what was going on in that relationship . 
  he clearly married her after having a month long thrill with her that died shortly after . 
  who expected that to last honestly ? 
  guy probably wanted to get caught cause he did n't have the heart/balls to break it to her . 
  cheating is wrong yeah . 
  his shot was a millisecond off from advancing his team to the second round . 
  crazy, 
  oh my bad , thought it was for the win in game 7 . 
  still beat us :(, 
  solomon hill ? 
  take him guys , he 's great !, 
  no room for such an alpha on this heat squad, 
  post game should n't be favored to lbj, 
  i would take 1 million to live in the fucking amazon for a year . 
  dont get me started on what i would do for 120 $ mil . 
  any place in the world is n't that bad when you 're sitting on that money . 
  your point about winning only applies to some players , hassan does n't strike me as that type of player . 
  do n't get me wrong , i wish he stays , i wish he cared about winning cause that would mean he would stay . 
  no team can offer him a bigger role than us , that 's one thing we got going for us in these negotiations . 
  you guys were the better team, 
  that 's what i 'm saying !, 
  the squad is solid enough with whiteside and bosh coming back healthy . 
  also hoping the rooks make good progress, 
  based on what ? 
  that 's all i wanted to hear . 
  i value his opinion, 
  max him pat, 
  you know your shit . 
  here hassan , take our monies , this all we have, 
  damn , players ai n't even giving lakers a shot, 
  no not really . 
  hassan is in his prime and should go to a contending team, 
  well yeah duh who does n't ? 
  he makes a huge impact on any team really . 
  your guys ' time will come again for sure , you 're the lakers ffs, 
  mavs would n't , portland definitely could . 
  miami could also , it 's the east , you guys should come here, 
  ha-ha little too close to dade county for that, 
  i was joke, 
  seriously curious , what 's the deal with him ? 
  why the cold shoulder from fans ?
