  this is the best season ever, 
  leave our adriatic comrades alone, 
  you guys took the soccer talent , serbia took the basketball talent . 
  together we were great :'(, 
  thought he was suppose to be the croatian kobe though ? 
  i 'm really unhealthy and in terrible shape . 
  will i die if i go there ? 
  on his phone though ? 
  i do n't know man seems kinda sus, 
  beat a better team without dion two nights ago . 
  our organization is the best . 
  god , that knicks atrocity that is going on right now is making me feel so grateful . 
  yeah , 37 year old paul pierce, 
  it 's straight up impossible to compare eras and teams yet we always do it for some dumb ass reason . 
  you 're definitely right though , no team in history looks as good on paper as this warrior team . 
  they really need to win multiple championships to be cemented as one of those great teams, 
  me neither , i knew from the begining not to trust those cats, 
  should be in the hall of fondly, 
  james johnson, 
  our whole team getting paid next year, 
  hope y' all are ready, 
  the future is now, 
  casey would keep him on the bench anyways, 
  would be nice to find out how many points his assists and steals were responsible for, 
  what a retarded statement, 
  you guys better get in gear and get that 2nd spot . 
  we 'll work really hard to get 7th , so we can get our rematch, 
  did you watch game 7 of the finals last year ? 
  sure his main skill set might not be scoring . 
  but i 'm sure if he wanted to he could average 20ppg . 
  like he said , he does n't need to score on this team , which is absolutely true . 
  everything else he brings to the table is way more valuable than scoring anyways, 
  but you did n't say that . . the other guy did, 
  he averaged 14 last year playing with two scoring juggernauts . 
  this year he 's at 10ppg playing with 3 scoring juggernauts . 
  i 'm not saying it would be pretty cause he 's obviously not the best offensive player , but if he had the usage rate on a shit team he might be able to do it on below average efficiency . 
  scoring is overrated anyways . 
  ok i may have exaggerated . 
  you 're right, 
  as if houses are more important than championships, 
  mvp numbers right there, 
  sometimes you need more than just spare minutes to make a difference . 
  casey was notorious for underutilizing him . 
  but perhaps you 're also right , perhaps he is just working that much harder to get a contract next year . 
  oh man that grin after the toss , you could tell he enjoyed that shit, 
  god that 's why during that minnesota game at the end , james johnson and tyler had those late turnovers and i kept yelling at my tv get the ball to fucking dragic !, 
  i 'd love for the raptors to get the 2 and we get the 7 . 
  for that rematch, 
  there 's alot , i do n't understand it at all, 
  was fun, 
  warriors blowout, 
  wtf, 
  i know who he is, 
  he edited his original comment, 
  when they hoist the trophy , they should wear those shirts, 
  he struggled with cupcake addiction as a child, 
  damn , maybe russ was truly hurt beyond our comprehension by his departure, 
  just got ta do it fast, 
  insanely good, 
  what the fuck kinda logic is that ? 
  yeah that confused me . 
  i am confused, 
  luke babbit deserves it, 
  why not just hook everyone up with an rfid chip and track their every move ? 
  it 'll be done eventually . 
  your whole life , from passports/travel visas to banking information and social security all on one chip no bigger than a grain of rice inserted right behind your ear . 
  we gave him an offer . 
  he chose the warriors . 
  better situation for him of course ca n't blame the guy, 
  i think there are more pedophilia victims in this country than terrorism, 
  that 's like me breaking up with my girl and telling her if i ca n't find somebody better i 'll gladly you take you back . 
  poor jah, 
  damn he about to go on mat leave before the playoffs even start, 
  my man just narrated a meme, 
  fuck , skip the playoffs , just be ready for finals, 
  took extended time off for baby reasons ? 
  yeah that 's not really paternity leave, 
  why ? 
  they have the legal right to do so . 
  he was injured at the time anyways . 
  his baby was born really pre-mature so that was a different case of course . 
  regular paternity leave just to take time away from work to be with your newborn . 
  but what if they 're secretly in a relationship ? 
  honestly i rather that than play 30 + minutes a night, 
  i know it sucks for fans . 
  but some players probably care more about those first few weeks with their kids than winning games . 
  i love dwyane . 
  he 's my favorite player and always will be . 
  but god do i hope we make the playoffs this year and he does n't . 
  i know reddit hates pat riley for the whole wade fiasco this past summer ( even i was initially salty as fuck ) , but pat knows what he 's doing with this team and it 'll show a few years down the road . 
  it 's wade county bih, 
  bro ... chicago is just a temporary bank for him . 
  the fucks he supposed to lead there anyways ? 
  raptors , so they visit prime minister trudeau instead of trump, 
  should call him tesla, 
  this guy dunks, 
  why ? 
  man fuck fournier, 
  i wan na pound fournier 's face in, 
  fucking fournier should be stickied on r/punchablefaces,
