  hoping the rooks make a sizeable leap, 
  another one of our guys deserves to be paid -_-, 
  nobody could have filled the void bosh left when he went down better than deng . 
  guys a stud , you got yourself a good one, 
  yeah . 
  right here , but dream big young buck, 
  yeah i guess we 're setting ourselves up pretty good for the future . 
  hoping whiteside does n't bust, 
  what 's a paper, 
  dirty fit, 
  zero confident, 
  jrich is our best shooter now . 
  we are fucked, 
  our bench is currently being gutted ... 
  he could have left numerous times before and gotten paid and never has . 
  it 's not ... i 've been anticipating this for a long time now . 
  we 're gon na regress next year but i think we 're doing a good job of setting ourselves up for the future, 
  report !, 
  well i hope he comes back averaging 20-10, 
  i think it 's a great move . 
  brady is a legend , kd can be a boston legend, 
  lol fucking barley ... did n't even notice, 
  could almost have yourself wade for that money, 
  why ? 
  i think our team with dragic and wade is better than wade/durant and nobody, 
  this is actually great and true, 
  deng deserves this . 
  12 years a slave . 
  take it easy out there and enjoy that money, 
  most of us live in rural parts of africa , no smart phones, 
  grind never stops, 
  looking good so far at summer league, 
  why the fuck not honestly, 
  this is not an overpay at all , great pick up for the knicks, 
  purple shirt guy gone too, 
  larry bird is goat, 
  cuban found his guy !, 
  kids man , i do n't get it, 
  wade deserves more than that , this fucking sucks, 
  put it this way . 
  nets are making solid moves , this kid is legit , steep price though, 
  not me man , i knew this was coming . 
  we lucked out so much last year having all these impacful players way below market value . 
  we are in for some dark times, 
  this was demar derozans contract 4 years ago . 
  demar averaged 20ppg though, 
  durant ... lol, 
  no way they do, 
  or he was on a team with a stacked frontcourt, 
  current champions are the cavs . 
  gon na be a rough year, 
  sorry , i do n't feel the same as you, 
  you never jerked off at work before ? 
  for heat players yes, 
  give it all to him please, 
  needs to go to toronto, 
  it was n't fair with them on the squad, 
  winning in cleveland disproved that and he lead miami to a championship twice, 
  his lack of success was a by product of the lack of talent around him . 
  lebron on okc would go to the finals if not win it all, 
  the talent and team your city has had for the past 5 years blows lbjs first stint cavs out the water . 
  that 's the difference . 
  if lebron left cleveland and joined boston you would be right, 
  lebron formed a super team in miami . 
  kd would be joining an already super team . 
  the fuck does that got to do with anything ? 
  that 's exactly it , your team is fucking great and he should stay , and go for the kill next year, 
  lol oh my fuck , kd has what it takes to be successful in okc , is all up to him !, 
  the team did n't fail him , he failed the team . 
  wade is staying dude calm your tits, 
  we signed whiteside, 
  less than 73, 
  thunder should thank him for fucking up that 3-1 lead, 
  the score app gives you full free agent tracking coverage and notifications, 
  it 's morning somewhere, 
  not only that , but it 's worth putting one or two of these guys on your roster because they are always starving for opportunity and will always give 110 %, 
  destroy them lebron, 
  cunt, 
  stick to soccer, 
  your point ... ? 
  lebron gon na eat your babies next year, 
  not even close to comparable . 
  kd had the winning recipe in okc , lebron did n't in cleveland . 
  for this to be equal lebron would have had to gone to boston, 
  it 's gon na happen i guarantee it, 
  that only proves lebron is the better player, 
  god i hope this experiment crashes and burns for you guys i really do . 
  you got two choke artists on your team in curry and kd, 
  this team did n't prove shit yet , they might have serious chemistry issues , and their rim protection is n't too hopeful as of right now . 
  plus you got the two reigning choke artists on this team in steph and kd, 
  we 're whining now , but we 're all gon na be laughing when they fail and lebron eats their babies, 
  he lifted it, 
  `` if you have a baby right now he 'll be just old enough for me to eat him next june '', 
  i love vince . 
  man ... how quickly it all ended . 
  this is fucked , i feel you guys , you had the winning recipe . 
  this wo n't work . 
  the universe wo n't let them succeed, 
  who 's up to do some satanic voodoo ritual type shit with me ? 
  we 'll drink pigs blood and smoke virgin pubes,
