  he was hard to beat on that 1v1 challenge, 
  lol only way you guys could beat him and his team was by being the nbas golden child back in the day, 
  he was young too , i 'm sure he regrets the way things played out in toronto . 
  whoever drafts him is gon na give him the caboclo treatment, 
  do n't lie to yourself , it 's not healthy, 
  injuries, 
  stuffed curry wurst, 
  good way to showcase your talents for a possible future job, 
  lebron the only guy that can have a bad near triple double, 
  words are hard, 
  lol it 's over, 
  i swear he needs to go to philly, 
  well ... gsw was down 3-1 ... did n't turn out so bad, 
  i wan na know who called lue a `` genius rookie coach '' ... bring me his head, 
  an aging banana boat team is not enough to stop the warriors . 
  we 're gon na need a new breed, 
  wtf did you guys pay him for then ? 
  he 's gon na be the steal this year, 
  i think he 's a easy top 5 whoever takes bender over him is gon a be sorry, 
  the problem is that his value just took a huge hit and it 's not like that contract helps . 
  whoever wants to trade for him would taking a gamble on him returning to his old self, 
  to all those people 5 years ago saying his game will age well cause he 's a willing passer ... voila, 
  that 's my point , lebron has no old man game like kobe or wade . 
  not that he needs it yet cause he 's still very athletic and physical but it 's beginning to wind down and i think he might have to create a new aspect to his game other than bullying his way into the paint and pump faking it down low, 
  lol, 
  this sub goes full retard mode on off days, 
  ca n't go lower than 0 luckily for you, 
  idiot , cocaine smells great, 
  when did they win 64 games ? 
  true , 72 , 73 , same shit, 
  lol, 
  * offensive superstar *, 
  lebrons not supposed to choose his coach . 
  so basically you 're blaming your terrible organization for his failures ? 
  how many flagrant/tech points does lebron have this post season ? 
  glorious name, 
  ... what, 
  i 'm a dray hater and this is fucking terrible and beyond stupid, 
  yup same here, 
  when they hoist it ? 
  80 % of r/nba is missing that point, 
  are you pro-trump ? 
  it 's safe now , starting to blow over and people are thinking straight, 
  i 'm gon na laugh at whoever takes him over buddy, 
  i do n't think he 's gon na be a superstar i just think it 's a safer pick than dragan that 's all , bender has more bust potential, 
  based on his age and his stats from over seas . 
  no doubt the kid is talented , i just would n't take him with the 5th overall pick , i think that 's an insane gamble . 
  just my opinion though , why not take the guy who already looks poised and ready ? 
  over some kid that looks promising but is still a big question mark, 
  caboclo worked out great eh, 
  why is porzingis a more apt comparison ? 
  that 's exactly why . 
  hoping bender turns out to be porzingis is just wishful thinking , no way are they comparable, 
  in that case yeah 4th pick is close to 5th pick . 
  they are in similar draft position, 
  i compared him to caboclo cause of his age and whoever drafts bender knows he 's gon na be a work in progress . 
  similar to brunos `` 2 years away from being one year away '' narrative . 
  as opposed to buddy who has the potential to at least play a role in his rookie year, 
  my friends in croatia who actually watched him play over the years do n't understand where the hype is coming from . 
  i do n't think he 's gon na play real nba minutes at all , fair to say we have a difference in opinion . 
  yeah no matter how much u make , losing 300k in a day hurts, 
  makes sense , forgot about the bkn picks, 
  theyre saving him for the finals , it 's a smart move, 
  easy to retain players and have them take discounts for a chance at a 3peat . 
  just ask your boy lebron, 
  been there brother . 
  then i started selling drugs, 
  am i the only one that thinks he looks better in a heat jersey anyways ? 
  no i 'm being serious , maybe also a little bias . 
  he just looks sicker in a heat jersey, 
  500 million approx, 
  easy there lebron, 
  you guys miss the playoffs and all of a sudden jimmy butler is n't what he used to be . 
  this fucking sub sometimes is beyond retarded, 
  they had a shit year , and no they did not have a very good team . 
  you can say the eastern conference is weak but this year it proved to at least be competitive 3-8 . 
  bulls just need to reload , they 'll be back , keep sleeping on jimmy, 
  yeah they should trade jimmy and build around dragan fucking bender or dunn . 
  no shit they 're not a championship calibre team , there 's probably only 4 teams out of 30 that are . 
  that does n't mean you have to give up on an exceptionally talented and already proven player . 
  jesus dude ... 
  well i believe they shouldnt . 
  there 's nothing they could get that 's better than what they have right now . 
  also with that logic every team that did n't win a championship would look different every year . 
  sometimes you got ta stick with what you have and try to make the best out of it . 
  they have an above average backcourt in rose and jimmy , some decent young talent in bobby and doug . 
  i think they need to figure out what to do with gasoline , noah and niko . 
  do you see a reason for toronto keeping demar ? 
  or the clippers keeping griffin ? 
  portland keeping dame ? 
  kings keeping cousins ? 
  you keep these players if you wan na stay competitive . 
  now i do n't know if they wan na go full rebuild mode and if that 's the case then yeah you take everything you can get for him without a doubt . 
  fair enough , i think he deserves one more year at least with a tweaked roster and rose who is n't fresh out of rehab . 
  i think people are mad because they feel that lebron deserved a unanimous mvp a couple years back . 
  rightfully so . 
  it 's the way steph plays and gets his points that got everyone 's attention this past season, 
  but alot wider, 
  his catch and shoot form is absolutely retarded . 
  curry is more of a dribble pull up guy , but when klays on fire and he runs around that screen behind the arc and gets the ball ... hah !,
