  edit : if lebron stayed in miami and chris bosh did n't get injured they would be champs again , with this `` washed up '' wade . 
  case closed, 
  how old are you ? 
  lebron would pay him ... 
  edit : ... not that he should, 
  been using reddit for years , just realized you can use emojis ... 
  i never dared to try, 
  switch ross with bruno, 
  i wouldnt mind seeing wade with 7 rings , lol damn just the thought, 
  it works but honestly man i did n't find it being worth it . 
  a lot of games are blacked out , zero raptors games and zero playoff games , something to keep in mind, 
  ca n't really compete with that , great rankings, 
  i have a mobile version on my iphone with an emulator . 
  just as good , one of my fave ff, 
  that 's some whack ass armor bruh, 
  started eating my phone, 
  i do n't know but it 's turning me on, 
  you have as much save space as you do on your phone , you can have multiple files, 
  edit : here 's the app link incase you ca n't find in app store, 
  and then vince of course , man that would have been sick, 
  enlighten me on the graphic downgrade scandal , apparently i 'm out of the loop ... 
  i do n't even play this game but love watching videos of cool shit like this always from gtav, 
  you 're telling me i 've played the entire game on like 70 % graphic potential and was still absolutely blown away ? 
  yes and i will actually be pissed if it does n't get goty . 
  i feel like these up coming expansions will solidify its place in this race . 
  i am of this mindset, 
  right , there is a reason they did n't team up in toronto or cleveland and that reason is pat riley, 
  you must be talking from experience right ? 
  may i ask where you 're from ? 
  lol damn did the bulls win that series ? 
  i know lol it was sarcasm, 
  as a serb living in canada i uphold hungarys methods of attacking this issue . 
  the media is downright lying about what is unfolding . 
  hungary has every right to close off its border because these are not refugees . 
  they already feel as if eastern europe is claimed territory . 
  oh and by the way `` mate '' , maybe you should book a trip to eastern europe and get some sun for your pasty scottish ass . 
  ever see pictures of croatia and serbia and montenegro ? 
  budapest is also a very beautiful city, 
  croatia is literally right across from italy and is ten times more beautiful . 
  suit yourself, 
  he 's so beautiful, 
  i do n't understand why they are trying to deal rio , he 's pretty solid off the bench if you ask me, 
  yeah you 're right i was gon na follow up with a similar point , i wish we had somebody like . 
  barea or calderon coming off the bench, 
  and germany is welcoming them with open arms ? 
  the fuck are you talking about ? 
  `` pooratia '' seems a lot better than wherever the fuck they 're coming from, 
  how annoying is that dudes face, 
  al je do\u0161lo to toga ? 
  are muslimani stvarno killing people ? 
  i am coming odmah sa canadian friends with peaceful granatama, 
  to je problem, 
  ceo \u017eivot ... 
  nema problema, 
  pa ta\u010dno to ja i mislim !, 
  wonderful insight . 
  i 'm gon na have to write some of this stuff down, 
  pretty obvious their goal is n't to stay in eastern europe . 
  my point was that croatia , or as you referred to it as ` pooratia ' , is certainly far safer than syria and they certainly would n't mind staying there for abit to get well deserved rest . 
  just out of plain curiosity , where do you hail from ? 
  aaa ... da da, 
  what is this ballstreams you speak of ? 
  do n't have google here, 
  i do n't even know what subreddit this is, 
  fuck i dont like this :'(, 
  fucking bogdanovic man fuck how the hell did we lose man fuck fuck duck i 'm sad, 
  i dont fucking know shit, 
  not more stupid than bogdanovic game tying lay up attempt, 
  typical serbian fashion , if it 's not playing for first place who cares , w.e i ai n't even mad . 
  hope lithuania wins , from a serb, 
  did n't he also win a championship last year ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he did, 
  i guess pistons fans are completely innocent in that incident ... 
  yeah you 're right , that rebound in game six and the dish out to ray ray was all lebron and d wade, 
  no fucking shit ... 
  umm yeah ... it 's a team sport , and please do n't call bosh a role player . 
  bosh is a stud, 
  i would n't rule out miami honestly . 
  both teams rely on being as healthy as possible but on paper miami looks a lot stronger imo, 
  edit : comparing chicago, 
  36 more days brotha ... winter is coming, 
  nope , nobody there, 
  why do i see him being that little something to put the clippers over the top, 
  stop sugar coating it , just give it to me raw, 
  hassan 's are definitely longer, 
  straight dirt, 
  that showstopper was so underrated !, 
  this has nothing to do with our civil war over 20 years ago . 
  you have no clue what you 're talking about i 'm afraid . 
  i was n't man enough to scroll all the way down so you actually helped me a lot, 
  lol you guys ai n't winning shit, 
  lmao, 
  wtf really ? 
  i never heard of this story , that 's quite shocking, 
  tj ford man , loved him on the raptors . 
  he was one the quickest guys in the league at the time . 
  after that al horford incident he was never the same . 
  i do n't blame you for not liking him . 
  you 're a cavs fan . 
  you have no soul,
