  serious question, 
  this is gold my friend . 
  double victory !, 
  yeah, 
  eff kc and so long harper, 
  back when they thought pink polos would hurt the roc, 
  dear god pray for me for how high i will get on that day , i will single handedly bring mcdonalds out of their crisis, 
  ca n't get any more relevant than that . 
  lebron made it a 6 game series, 
  i would n't hold my breath , no way in hell boston wins over 45 games , i guess we 'll see by april, 
  this should be in textbooks . 
  word for word . 
  * energy spreads * . 
  lol, 
  i 've dealt with lawyers that require 2,500-5 ,000 $ retainers . 
  it 's crazy to think there are some out there whose retainers are well into the 100k and up range . 
  it 's okay, 
  this is almost poetic, 
  should n't parents be held accountable for what they feed their kids ? 
  i picked mine up for 3900 $ cdn . 
  with half the mileage , see my post for picture . 
  i would try to drive him down at least a little, 
  i invested in a brand new grille and headlights , maybe around 400 $ , made my 2004 look as good as new . 
  next step for me is reblacking everything . 
  thanks for the tips , i will definitely look into it !, 
  same here , duratracs are awesome !, 
  ca n't even tell when he dunks it cause his arms are still fully bent ... beast, 
  their dads dads, 
  dudes been here 12 years . 
  i 'm sure he had a poutine within his first couple of months, 
  i do n't think anybody in the history of the league has come off the bench making this kind of money ... 
  yup i see some vicious karma creeping on the cavs, 
  ... whut ? 
  guyyss he has a point ^, 
  guys guys guys ... 
  damn how much money yall got in cleveland ? 
  yup , this was completely by design, 
  he was n't paid to come off the bench . 
  he just happened to be on a huge contract and slid to the bench . 
  tts role is provide an 82 million dollar spark off the bench, 
  you 'll always get down voted when you hate on drake , cause you 're right he 's a clown, 
  preseason vs elimination game ? 
  ummm yeah dude go jays, 
  the demarilizers, 
  this is unacceptable, 
  welcome to the friend zone, 
  these are so bomb dude, 
  so far has a couple of nice 82 million dollar box outs, 
  if they even make the playoffs, 
  love some kevin happy me, 
  same thing happened to me last night on my ps3 and ps4 . 
  not a single game worked but it worked on my phone app , using the same wifi . 
  blows big time, 
  you 're crazy , dude is probably so happy he slid to that 10 spot . 
  i mean come on now , guys in miami , in a beautiful situation with a proven organization and great mentors around him . 
  no pressure baby , life is good for the young homie winslow . 
  rumor has it he dropped 40 on the lakers one day, 
  they are all from london ? 
  i got your back dawg, 
  brrooo this is that throwback joint !, 
  been a minute . 
  i 'll take that loss fam , like you said , we played like ass and lost by 10, 
  he was remembering him wrong, 
  acting like he 's not playing out of his mind, 
  ... it 's steph curry dude, 
  edit : i guess he 's not coming off an mvp/championship year . 
  ahh my ears, 
  that winslow d !, 
  the kardashians, 
  9.4 % in 3 games !, 
  whut, 
  heroes get remembered , legends never die . 
  babe ruth , sandlot . 
  yup i 'm real baked off that justise kush, 
  his lob game is so on point, 
  true, 
  is that ... corduroy ? 
  watching kobe right now is like watching your dog in its final days , just pure sad and hard to watch :(, 
  i want kobe to be the first genetically modified cyborg nba player , with some titanium limbs . 
  he 's 30 ... 
  dudes been a freak of nature his whole career , i do n't compare him to regular players, 
  you must be eastern european ... 
  either i 'm fuckin blind or way to stoned or there really are olives in this picture ... 
  w-w - . . what ? 
  mad style points on this one bruh, 
  get in mah belllehhh, 
  lol dude they are so fricking good , but apparently the american ones did n't quite nail the recipe , so i have heard . 
  we can tell . 
  this is so sad :'( look how scared he looks, 
  talk about a great front court match up, 
  how big is it honestly, 
  and when i ride , i ride for tre o five !, 
  was n't there a `` who will reach 30 rebs first '' thread during pre season ? 
  this is pretty damn close, 
  he even said it himself , that it would be hard to leave and not try for 4 straight . 
  cleveland proved that anything is possible if you got tha cheddah homie, 
  i mean ... i do n't really agree . 
  he 's not chucking up shots , the dribbling part i understand but that 's who the guy is , i think it 'll take some time for them to find that flow on offense . 
  i just do n't agree that he 's hurting the team overall . 
  you 're right , i wan na see goran running and gunning more .
