  points per game, 
  i think whiteside is a better example , everyone knows the absurd amount of blocks he gets but big al and jv exposed him in the post, 
  a face book page called ` heat nation ' just posted this picture with your name cutout from the bottom ... just thought i 'd let ya know, 
  i even told them they should give you credit for it but they deleted my comment, 
  yeah i guess you 're right , i take that comment back, 
  that only team would be the raptors in the first round hypothetically . 
  and if they went on to the second round against miami ( let 's keep whiteside out of the line for arguments sake ) i think detroit beats that heat team as well , and i 'm a heat fan, 
  did the raptors look like a 2 seed going up against indiana ? 
  indiana was the worst team in the playoffs, 
  this made me like the cavs alot more, 
  ha-ha i was gon na tag you in it first but i was n't sure it was you when i entered your name in the search , but it was , just seen your comment , no problem by the way !, 
  hard to compete with pat riley 's number one target as well, 
  that was true two years ago , this year he really progressed in that area . 
  it could also be the coaches and leaders he was around in miami that cleaned up his act , not every organization can tame a lion that 's built different, 
  17 , birthday at midnight , best age, 
  bismack would be great for y' all though, 
  damn that 's crazy, 
  lebron gon na wake up like `` i need to find my son '', 
  tt canadian tho, 
  better supplies there anyways, 
  why is it so fucking wrong to say that the raptors would lose with or without jv ?!, 
  yes he makes you guys a better team but hes not gon na win you a game , maybe one tops !, 
  so what 's the point of rushing him back ? 
  you guys made it to the ecf , rightfully so , completely deserve to be there but the cavs are in a completely different stratosphere right now and there is nothing wrong with getting swept by them at all !, 
  it 's not gon na taint toronto 's franchise best season so just enjoy the little basketball you guys have left in may because it does n't happen every year !, 
  but to down vote people who are just speaking the truth is retarded, 
  best answer, 
  you guys looked like shit against a seven seed fully healthy ... why would you look any better against the cavs , makes no sense to me, 
  how do you figure ? 
  the worst team in the playoffs took you guys to seven ... i 'm not even chirping , i like the raptors , these are just facts, 
  this is my opinion too , but i got crucified for it, 
  they are pretty close in age so for argument sake let 's just say they 're both 25 ( even though pg was injured when he was 25 ), 
  lol no dude not at all read my op again , i said he clearly makes you guys better , but he would n't make a difference this series, 
  i think it 's pretty close ... nothing wrong with taking kawhi , i just think it 's close, 
  lmao you make a valid point , but it really is a fun debate , i swear me and my friends almost fist fought last night about it, 
  100 % agree with you , i just think paul george 's capability to carry a team edges him out just a tad , plus he 's no scrub on defense either . 
  of course the verdict is still out on kawhi and he could change my opinion quickly, 
  is n't that what the playoffs are about ? 
  it 's a players time to shine or to sink . 
  success and demise are magnified during the playoffs, 
  favors over bosh ? 
  come on now ... 
  take him off the list completely then, 
  customs delay worked, 
  demar or lebron ? 
  discuss, 
  lol that is not a flagrant, 
  it helps . . 
  i was sit at home, 
  when drake call `` kevin lose '', 
  you 'd be surprised how many sauces contain both oj and mayo, 
  oj mayo sauce for one, 
  porzingis and it 's not even close, 
  suspension !, 
  yeah porzingis would have blocked that, 
  steph curry gon na sit this 4th quarter out for all the wrong reasons, 
  best team in history, 
  lol you 're not down 30 + cause of free throws, 
  with my hand, 
  it 's honestly great, 
  how sweet it shall be after seventy three, 
  they should n't zoom in on dray with his fucking mouth open , so hard to look at, 
  refs literally making all these shots go in for okc, 
  not a single fan left the building !, 
  some of those euro teams can ball though and would bitch smack college teams, 
  let it be known, 
  rightfully so, 
  anybody have jack armstrong 's rant on draymond green ? 
  whoever posts that on / r/nba will get instant gold, 
  somebody please post jack armstrong 's rant on draymond on / r/nba that shit was hilarious, 
  called him a moron numerous times and questioned the league 's decision, 
  why people always compare bosh to love ? 
  they are two completely different players with bosh having the edge in almost every category except spot up 3pt shooting probably . 
  not only that but that miami team worked alot differently than this cavs team . 
  numerous times when wade and james sat out , bosh was able to carry the load on his own and pull out a w somehow . 
  his versatility on defense was one of the mains reasons they had success , you ca n't use love like bosh ... cause well ... he 's not bosh . 
  cavs play love to his strengths but struggle when he has an off shooting night cause that 's all he 's basically there for . 
  yeah probably , but not by alot, 
  i said you 're right , love is the better rebounder , but not by much , which is exactly what your numbers indicate , chill, 
  ok ... but i 'll still take bosh over love any day , i do n't think that 's what was being disputed anyways . 
  boshs defensive effort/hustle does n't show on paper , also , boshs mid range game is lethal !, 
  last time i check kevin love shot 13 % on two point attempts last series . 
  so the stats say they are fairly equal , but there 's no doubt in my mind ( and most people 's minds ) that cb is the better player . 
  i guess you can say that where bosh gave up a pointless rebound here and there he made up for it by actually playing defense . 
  he played centre for the majority of his career , you ca n't play love at the 5 . 
  that was a temporary strategy to draw andre out of the paint , which will work sometimes , he 's just not a post defender , it 's not even an argument . 
  i 'm not hating on klove cause he 's a good player , i just do n't like the constant bosh comparison when boshs defensive effort is way ahead and in the end that 's what separates the two . 
  i 've been temporarily banned the last 3 days during peak draymond green hate time ... and i just wanted to say , fuck draymond green , ... feels so good, 
  apparently, 
  disliking players is a part of being a fan ... in every sport ... since always, 
  what is westbrook doing ... 
  everything from the intros , the in game cuts , the commentary , the officiating and the game itself feels like i 'm watching wwe, 
  not really , i heard they were blowouts, 
  stephs so cute when he gets mad, 
  no , he 's playing good, 
  i feel like he 's exaggerating it at this point so everyone thinks it 's part of his game to make his nut cracker more justified, 
  naw i got banned for spamming, 
  so cute, 
  dude you ca n't even do this shit in soccer ... where you 're allowed to fucking kick, 
  yes you are right , but more people are of the mindset that there is no place for this type of stuff in the nba , and there should n't even be a rule .
