  rondo is darth fucking maul, 
  oh my god this would be amazing, 
  he added a 3pt shot , just you wait, 
  i blame his back surgery, 
  he already ate his ass when billups was on the pistons, 
  honestly a terrible skit and extremely unfunny but it 's always a trip seeing shit like this , nice find, 
  that jordan logo will be doing the splits, 
  you basically got biyombo back, 
  damn , hawks are getting processed the fuck up, 
  maybe garpax thought he came with 3 banners ? 
  `` hometown hero '', 
  ... im laying, 
  honestly hope he 's at least serviceable for them . 
  thanks, 
  worked out for both teams . 
  chicago gets a super star if he were 25 for 48mil instead of 150mil . 
  miami gets cap space, 
  our team last year would n't be have as fun to watch if wade had stayed , how are you still pissed about this a year later ? 
  well that 's the end of this conversation folks . 
  durant will be taking a pay cut , for what ? 
  for team success . 
  that 's what wades paycuts were for . 
  mozgov hacked into cavs server and is leaking info, 
  wade earned plenty of money from endorsements as well during the peak of his career . 
  winning a championship in your 3rd year will do that for you . 
  he also did n't need to sign with converse but decided to do it anyways . 
  i 'm rooting for this guy and the swamp draining the lakers are doing, 
  stop :(, 
  pull the fucking trigger !, 
  kind of rude, 
  kind of hard to that when you 're picking out of top 10 . 
  i think jackson would be a fine addition . 
  he might be the most talented player from 11-20 minus giles who comes with a huge risk, 
  especially if that hobby is doing cocaine, 
  i just swipe down, 
  stupid question , do they start drafting right at 7pm ? 
  running late from work somebody let me know if i should drive really fast, 
  fake news, 
  you guys did good , congrats, 
  spoiler, 
  rookie of the year, 
  or jj will start at the 4 and bambam is willie reed insurance, 
  confused the hell outta me [ 7 ], 
  looked like a interview for those sick fucks in get out, 
  so refreshing, 
  it 's ok, 
  what, 
  i know that . 
  it just has n't stopped any other european players from getting paid in russia ... ever . 
  he wo n't play in russia obviously but i highly doubt it would be out of patriotic grudge reasons . 
  money talks, 
  hey now big ballers do n't cry , better suck it up, 
  i like our pick , contrary to some heat fans i 've seen on here, 
  shit, 
  honestly i just think we need front court help with high chances of willie reed leaving and mcroberts still being injury prone . 
  i 'm sure he 's gon na end signing or trading for a more starting caliber 4 though, 
  he would need a specific role . 
  but having wade come off the bench as a scorer and play maker like manu has for a long time now might bode well for him . 
  wow what a great comparison, 
  work ai n't over yet , you 're just getting started, 
  whiteside on siakam was dirty, 
  smh who spells dwyane , dwayne, 
  glib call, 
  in my traphouse, 
  kendrick perkins ? 
  damn dude leave some karma for the rest of us, 
  nothing wrong with that my man, 
  you 're a casual, 
  put a cork in it frank, 
  go start it instead of sleeping, 
  leave it up to detroit to fizzle out the mumble rap, 
  is it really that controversial to pick a player that averaged a triple double to be mvp of the league ? 
  i can recall quite a few more controversial selections in the past years . 
  man i think people really overvalue the mvp award . 
  it 's an award for recognizing an individually great season . 
  the top 3 players in this year 's vote ( westbrook , harden and kawhi ) are n't even the best players in the league , those spots are reserved for lebron and kd . 
  like many things in the league , timing is significant and harden had an amazing season but fuck how can you not recognize what westbrook did , its.splitting hairs of course but you have to reward the guy in my opinion . 
  that 's my point , he has a classic rap rhyme scheme, 
  looks like a sell out event too , what a shame, 
  i thought it would grab more attention . 
  guess i was wrong , maybe my title sucks . 
  but the whole interview is astounding , even if it seems far fetched , it really got me thinking . 
  none are more hopelessly enslaved than those who believe they are free . 
  there probably far more many johnson 's than bogdanovics . 
  it 's the similarity in their first name 's that confuses you . 
  bj bogdanovic lol, 
  not necessarily , clarkson and randle would be better for a stealth tank season and much more cap friendly than love, 
  fair up, 
  just how many conspiracy theories can be backed up with actual facts and concrete evidence ? 
  this sub used to be a fun place where you can talk about far out stuff like this , now it just gets shot down . 
  of course what he 's saying is absolutely bonkers but that 's why it 's fucking fun and entertaining . 
  put all the alien shit he talks about aside though , this man makes alot of sense and seems to be well informed , not some whack job fishing for views and likes . 
  also doubt wade would be starting, 
  corny as fuck, 
  lavar taking viewers away from adam silvers award show, 
  dude what our team and spo did was great but everyone has a point , it really gets diminished without a post season appearance , let alone a run . 
  mda totally deserves it this year . 
  spo will get his eventually i 'm quite confident . 
  mmmm wades knees looking spry, 
  damn she 's hot,
