  five bucks, 
  we 'll be down 3-1 in the first quarter and then just take off from there, 
  his career is far from over , and far from being labeled injury riddled, 
  the start of his career yeah . 
  he does n't have that `` what if he stayed healthy '' label yet in my opinion cause he 's still so young, 
  cccc !, 
  i 'm guessing you have a vagine, 
  cccc !, 
  fuck the warriors, 
  this usa team is hand down least likeable, 
  deandre looks like his iq is around 36, 
  you 're like 12, 
  dumbass , they can . 
  it 's just the way she goes sometimes, 
  i 'm cool with silver, 
  did n't lose by 50 !, 
  so i 'm still right ? 
  idiot, 
  so australia was supposed to beat serbia cause they beat them in group stage and now australia would have been tougher but serbia beat them in knockout round ... dafuq ? 
  the one that played, 
  how come wade does n't fit this criteria ? 
  fuck how could i forget the knee issues, 
  somebody really should sign him, 
  is the beehive killing black smith one still working ? 
  well fuck ... 
  ever since basketballs existence size and height mattered . 
  now people all of a sudden think that the whole game and sport did a complete 180 and that there 's no place for big brutes in the league . 
  which is dumb cause with that money he could just have her murdered, 
  what is this garbage, 
  this comes off rather smug . 
  did anybody ever call out the us for staying competitive in soccer and pushing the top tier nations ? 
  it 's hard for other countries to compete against the us in basketball athletically , everything needs to go your way just to stay close which is very hard to do in a knockout style tourney . 
  edit : there 's a reason you ca n't bet on basketball straight up anymore , because it 's too fucking predictable . 
  basketball is the only major sport where that 's the case , it does n't make sense betting on the underdog . 
  football , baseball , soccer do n't fit that criteria . 
  yeah wtf, 
  in that case throw chris bosh on your list as well, 
  that serbian team is far from inexperienced . 
  they held their own against the states in the preliminaries . 
  that 's beside the point , the us has been dominating basketball internationally for a long time now , it 's no surprise and every other nation is aware of this . 
  spain/aus/serbia could take 1-2 games away from this team in a series . 
  yeah they patched it , im pissed . 
  need gold for grandmaster gear, 
  the better team in basketball always wins . 
  that 's not the case in soccer , sometimes the worse team ends up on top . 
  i was n't comparing the sports like you are , just stating that his comments were completely unnecessary . 
  edit : by the way , from 1954-present soccer has been dominated by 5 nations , argentina , brazil , england , germany , spain . 
  in terms of basketball , spain , argentina , france and serbia ( might have missed some nations ) all have had above average teams for quite some time , it is kind of embarrassing that the us ca n't even put together an average soccer team for how talented and athletic we are , our soccer program is decent at best . 
  what i 'm saying is , some nations are just better at other sports which is what the olympics are all about really . 
  the best basketball players in the world happen to be from the us , and theres not much any other country can do about that except go out there and try their best , just like when the us faces a super power in soccer , they ca n't hope for much but to go out there and try their best despite knowing they hold little odds of being successful . 
  edit2 : nobody counter argue , downvotes will suffice, 
  march madness is a knockout tournament , i get your sarcasm but if the nba were like that then we 'd be seeing alot of upsets like we do in soccer . 
  i do n't understand how everyone is failing to see that the talent pool we possess is so top heavy in comparison to other nations . 
  basketball is that type of sport where the most skillful and athletic players succeed . 
  we happen to have 90 % of the most skillful and most athletic players every international tournament . 
  this is why everybody was in a uproar when this team wasnt blowing teams out , because utter dominance is expected . 
  yeah look at these scrubs, 
  and the us had some close calls ... specifically against serbia . 
  sometimes . 
  the lakers beat the warriors last year in the regular season did they not ? 
  that 's how basketball is , that 's why the playoffs are a 7 game series , any team can have an off day and lose to a worse team having a good day . 
  this isnt anything new ... 
  jesus fucking christ , our second tier players are super stars to some other countries , that 's the point . 
  this is such a perfect example , why ca n't it be applied to basketball ? 
  when the basketball players in the world come from here , of course we 're gon na dominate . 
  is that an achievement ? 
  im aware i missed a few , france and italy have always been soccer power houses along with the netherlands . 
  i watch soccer religiously, 
  that 's my point though ... alot of the talent in baseball comes from abroad , which is not the case for basketball , we have some good international players but that makes up a small minority . 
  never said they were n't competitive , i said they were n't above average or even average . 
  serbia/spain/australia / argentina and others are competitive and above average teams in basketball . 
  he 's 12, 
  not necessarily , the better team could make a late mistake which results in a goal by the team thats clearly been playing worse , happens all the time, 
  i meant its usually the same faces in the semis and finals . 
  soccer is much less predictable than basketball, 
  why has n't that success translated in meaningful tournaments ? 
  i see what you 're saying , but blowouts in soccer are far less frequent than in basketball . 
  even a heavily favored team rarley results in a +4 goal victory . 
  shitty teams sometimes blowout good teams in basketball that 's just how the sport works . 
  no i 'm saying olympic soccer is n't a meaningful soccer tourney . 
  lmao how much soccer do you watch ? 
  you do n't understand what i 'm saying . 
  it 's not a phenomenon , it 's a common saying in soccer dumbass, 
  i genuinely feel stupid for missing italy , i was rushing while i was typing this , i always root for italy lol, 
  it 's not an excuse , you have no idea what i 'm saying . 
  try googling it maybe, 
  i play pickup , but we 're probably from different types of neighborhoods, 
  typical cleveland neckbeard, 
  if bojan averages 25 + perhaps, 
  kinda plain , throwback purple ones should stay as an option, 
  i 'm always afraid of bringing up the race card in this sub but you 're absolutely right . 
  true , they know how to play together . 
  team usa has like a month to figure it out, 
  this shit works in 2k mypark sometimes . 
  i was on a team with all bigs and we just kept passing without dribbling , 10 game win streak followed . 
  there is competition in basketball for every other nation except the us . 
  cause we are a breeding ground for basketball talent . 
  all i 'm saying is some top tier soccer country 's do n't necessarily quiver in their boots when they have to face us in soccer because they are a breeding ground for soccer talent . 
  it 's goes both ways , you 're opinion is very stereotypical , american narrow mindedness . 
  you do n't see coaches or owners from other teams or nations saying the states should step it up or get their act together , of course that 's because soccer is exciting and interesting without the us being present .
