  we the fucking norm !, 
  flair, 
  lowry wants some of that picanha, 
  i 'm very hopeful, 
  ... not that crazy considering he went 10th, 
  the kid held his own at centre in the playoffs . 
  i 'm hoping his offense makes a sizeable leap next year , and according to him , it 's going to . 
  how man ? 
  lebron made it all happen . 
  griffin gets more credit in this case than gilbert, 
  if my former boss did that , he 'd probably be right in all honesty, 
  guy raped the citizens of detroit, 
  i was referring to ql , which you are right about , it 's not him directly cause it took advantage of dumb people nationwide . 
  other than that , i 've been to detroit recently and he really banking on the real estate opportunity there and trying to turn the city around . 
  i think he has a couple of renovation projects lined up , guess there 's a silver lining to everything . 
  why the number change though ? 
  caterpillar/butterfly analogy ? 
  what 's theez stuped pepol, 
  still hurts ? 
  sign joe again, 
  nothing worth giving up, 
  nothing worth giving up, 
  ... you do n't learn leadership , you have it or you do n't, 
  cock sniffed him, 
  looooool, 
  it 's all about the white sox, 
  nothing a bottle of rakija ca n't solve, 
  but it 's all about getting one for the sox, 
  he 's getting traded, 
  are there any chairs keeping doors shut ? 
  garpax just sounds like a tron villain, 
  oladipo is better, 
  ya we know , anyways, 
  whhhhaaaaaaaaaaat, 
  raptors wanted thon at 27 so bruno has someone to play 21 with, 
  yeah but now bruno has somebody to play 21 with, 
  ... actually ? 
  where were you when ? 
  when properly made its no different from italian grappa . 
  of course i 've had some rakija that tastes like pure ass, 
  fair enough , you sound like you know what you 're talking about , i just drink the stuff, 
  dude chill , off season just began and maybe hezonja made a real good impression on your coaching staff . 
  ibaka only helps you, 
  sounds like he does n't care as long as he gets paid, 
  yes, 
  this sounds fun, 
  best team in history needs a little help apparently, 
  cause your bigs made turner look like kareem, 
  man that guy was good , so fucking quick . 
  i always disliked horford to this day for hitting him with that flagrant which basically ended his career, 
  why is n't this higher up, 
  the jerseys and gear look amazing !, 
  i 'm not so sure about the court design , i think it 's abit too much , maybe just adding a little bit of the vice spice to the court would be better . 
  yup after we resign him july 10th, 
  sure, 
  pay this fucking guy , good god, 
  i think this right here is it , and honestly , i would take whiteside over jordan . 
  song ? 
  dope , thanks, 
  what does dwight do without the ball ? 
  i do it all the time, 
  honestly ca n't stand him, 
  i joke, 
  if whiteside leaves miami , his numbers will drop significantly, 
  the hype is real, 
  thanks for the heads up, 
  had to make sure it was brad and not any other stevens, 
  i just want demar to be starting sg and watch him ball out, 
  norm did n't do shit in the playoffs, 
  was n't djs situation similar ? 
  but it impacted dallas ' free agent hunt cause they thought they had a deal in place no ? 
  no point risking a long shot at kd this year when we have to lock up whiteside asap . 
  i 'm not even chirping , but la does n't have the veteran presence to keep hassan in line . 
  i think his numbers would dip in la , he relies on wade/dragic to find him alot . 
  i rather lock up whiteside than risk a long shot at kd, 
  is thon maker on the bruno process as well ? 
  kd is not our priority, 
  they could just join hands in a semicircle around the arc, 
  whiteside is their priority , this is all bullshit, 
  he 's got 10x better mentors in miami , and wade is n't really the star as much as he is the leader . 
  kid looks good bro i 'm telling you, 
  was checking out his college highlights . 
  the fact that he decided to attend an american college was a smart move on his part , most euro guys do n't do that . 
  he 's got solid post moves to go with a solid frame , he 's not skinny he 's just young and he 's gon na be a beast in a couple of years i feel like . 
  bender almost seemed like he was hyping himself up , comparing himself to porzingis already in that draft video . 
  besides shooting , i 'm not sure how his game will translate right away . 
  but like i said he 's got all the tools to be a solid stretch 4 with his talent . 
  but poeltl can be a true big man in this league similar to jonas . 
  i understand , and i watched sabonis murder him . 
  that does n't mean he has no future in this league . 
  i never said he was the next legendary euro big , just that he 'll prove to be a better player than bender . 
  my bad , i meant his body will be beast like in a few years not necessarily his game . 
  what i 'm trying to get at is that , yes bender is more skillful more talented , high ceiling and all that stuff , he can pass , shoot , run the floor , rebound , that 's alot to own up to and we 've seen countless times again what happens to players with that much promise but almost zero experience . 
  i got friends in croatia who watch euro league religiously and they have no idea where all this bender hype came from , saying saric is the real croatian prospect . 
  poeltl does n't have to live up to anything , he 's got basic things to improve on like being more tenacious and tougher . 
  he 's got a solid jumper but it 's not the most effective , so he 's got his work cut out for him but he wo n't have to do as much to be serviceable in this league . 
  serbia always gets slept on , not saying we could pull it off but there 's a reason we got silver at fiba, 
  he 'd be stupid not to take that deal, 
  no , he 's 100 % canadian, 
  quiet randy ... you hear that ?
