  i can watch john anthony west and graham hancock docs all day long . 
  i do n't understand how our planets ancient history is n't a constant hot topic everywhere . 
  we watch bullshit programs on tv , bullshit presidential elections bullshit sports etc. 
  when there is so fucking much to be discovered in ancient sites and ruins , not to mention the fucking ocean . 
  why not david griffin ? 
  he 's unemployed, 
  he 's a good gm . 
  better than anything else available , doubt dolan makes a smart assessment in choosing a new gm anyways , i was just saying . 
  kinda like why jerry west left . 
  moved on to something new , maybe masai feels like he did all he could for toronto and wants a new challenge ? 
  i do n't know just throwing shit out there, 
  yeah i do n't see the incentive to taking the job in ny at the moment at all for him . 
  get lebron to houston asap, 
  this trade was probably known to them a week ago ... 
  no way man , every married couple in miami is a swinging coke snorting party animal . 
  so palm trees and his bitch ? 
  ca n't be married with kids in miami eh . 
  this is the most annoying narrative, 
  life 's too short to constantly be serious, 
  rip, 
  man that second one against team usa is just ridiculous, 
  i honestly would n't hate trying him out down here, 
  they have proven to be able to win 50 + games together though . 
  and that 's not a bad thing . 
  cause he should have been a top 3 pick that slid to 38 . 
  warriors cheat, 
  like why man , go somewhere interesting . 
  man we 're fucking everywhere , he did n't need to go chicago, 
  well then he 's definitely already close to somebody within the serb community there . 
  wonder what he 's getting paid, 
  you 're probably right , every serb i know has family in chicago including myself lol, 
  that sucks man , i thought you guys would do a proper revamp around boogie and ad . 
  at least we get to see what they can do in a fresh season, 
  same here wtf, 
  playing video games while looking outside and seeing palm trees and beaches feels great, 
  who came out of 1987 ? 
  like a worse kd, 
  lol he 100 % is, 
  watch basketball, 
  rip sleep schedule, 
  cuban seeing opportunity amidst chaos, 
  come on , let 's make it at least a fucking mike vick style dog fight out here in the east, 
  get that 8 seed brooklyn, 
  so pacer fans got fucked over by two egotistical idiots . 
  i feel for you guys, 
  lebron and dion, 
  spo will max your productivity gordie , make you look like a god for that super max . 
  pistons have alot of work to do , that team just does n't work, 
  hassan gon na connect him through snapchat video call, 
  nah i want this 3 +1 and then orlando can overpay him the supermax, 
  i thought he played pretty well against toronto in the playoffs ? 
  hayward should embrace # 6, 
  nerves seem to be gone in the 3rd quarter . 
  kids lighting it up, 
  have n't you heard from r/nba ? 
  he 's married with kids !, 
  these things do n't matter to people married with kids !, 
  got 6 fouls and did n't even foul out . 
  this kid is legit, 
  lowry bout to add some major cake to his cake, 
  i hope it rains and fucking snows in july in boston and utah and everything just looks like shit, 
  would be a substantial hit to the warriors depth, 
  yes sir, 
  hassan had him on snapchat video call , do n't you worry . 
  put a pretty ass filter on him too, 
  boston got some dirty shrimp boats though, 
  dat nostril, 
  shit i 'll guard draymond fuck it, 
  free agency must be so fun for these guys, 
  if he stays and we get waiters back , would n't even be mad, 
  jesus fuck , get away from this maniac gordie, 
  unless he averages like 25-5-5 , hell no, 
  how, 
  yes you are correct, 
  hey at least we had a 3peat in the conversation . 
  you never know man , lebron head out west next year leaves the east wide open leaving toronto to be one of the stronger cores in the east . 
  your welcome, 
  i think he 's sick but fuck that hair man , i do n't get it why everyone 's rocking those exaggerated blowout fros, 
  damn , really surprised to see mo pete off your list, 
  yeah they 're big balkans, 
  ugh i 'm actually mad about this but i understand, 
  are they in serbia ? 
  eurobasket is huge and most eupean basketball fans take a whole lot of pride competing in that tournament . 
  this is how i feel too ... just boston instead, 
  dion would n't be happy with a vet min contract, 
  lebron james , 33 chains, 
  100 % , i am never wrong, 
  it 's tough for north americans to understand because there are n't any country based tourneys that take place . 
  soccer in europe is the best example , it 's like if cr7 sat out for euro cup . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't happen , some vets choose not to participate , but that would piss fans off of course . 
  raduljica killed saric last year, 
  oh no , the mad man actually wants to fullfil his prophecy of being kobe-wade, 
  i think so , he only signed a cheap 1 +1 last year, 
  call me crazy but for me it 's potentially a silver lining to missing out on hayward, 
  vacation in boston, 
  here we go , classic celtic victim complex, 
  wan na see how much his stats take a hit so it finally balances out the argument, 
  dion with the pose, 
  smh that 's dragic and dion, 
  woah , eastern european convenience store clerk references , how dare you !,
