  shes not kyle lowry ... 
  god fucking damn it, 
  it 's fucking unheard of i tell ya !, 
  damn steph ... back at it again with deep clutch threes, 
  fuck it, 
  how have n't you heard of this joke before ? 
  it 's a good one ... 
  your team is 51-5 , cry me a fucking river, 
  with demar and harden it 's a skill , with wade , it 's phantom calls , you should know this . 
  salty about what ? 
  losing to a historically great team and defending champs ? 
  not one bit champ . 
  hats off to the warriors , i 'm surprised it was this close . 
  just do n't understand some you warrior fans , you should be so accustomed to winning by now , how in god 's name do you have room for complaining about a 34 year old legend getting to the line in his own house is beyond me . 
  no they should n't , but they do . 
  how long have you been watching nba ? 
  i do n't think i argued anything at all ... 
  this golden state team is unreal . 
  end of discussion . 
  the corporate scum got it all figured out, 
  pretty sure that 's similar to north korean basketball rules , dunks give you the most points simply cause they are rare . 
  warrior fans on this sub sound like everybody 's crazy ass ex girlfriend, 
  tell him what it feels like ... punk , answer his damn question !, 
  consider those refs lucky , to be able to suck that golden championship dick, 
  watch `` the undeniable rise of dwyane wade '', 
  great documentary that will answer all your questions, 
  lol that 's actually a pretty accurate comparison, 
  i find that extremely offensive, 
  of all the world probably, 
  it never fails, 
  are you like ... a god ? 
  demar gon na light that ass up, 
  he said pass the k.y and bend over !, 
  they call it a airball, 
  never trust a crocodile looking motherfucker, 
  apparently he 's 5-47, 
  well they have one of the largest salt mines on the east coast, 
  game came down to one shot for both teams . 
  one team executed , the other did n't, 
  shut ... the ... fuck ... up, 
  edit : no hate to the cs or rayray , thought it was a daniel reference, 
  you 're the missing piece < 3, 
  wtf is happening with him ? 
  good game by the cs , you guys have outstanding team play and a great coach, 
  oh my fuck why is this so true, 
  can we switch that around ? 
  k , thanks, 
  got any more of them predictions ? 
  nobody doin it with blocks b, 
  ball streams is dead b, 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted, 
  maybe he 's a little sad ? 
  we had rio though , the human punching bag, 
  anybody 's else lagging like crazy ? 
  if bosh really retires , i 'll be really sad, 
  either way he 'll get shit on . 
  when he takes a game winning shit and airballs it , he should have passed it to a better three point shooter . 
  when he passes up on moments like that he gets accused of not having the balls or mental strength to close out games . 
  he 's been unfairly criticized for a large portion of his career even though he 's been the best player on the planet for the majority of his career . 
  cleveland 's success falls on the teams shoulders , not lebrons . 
  he 's given that organization so much of love and devotion , it 's not his fault they were n't able to deliver . 
  that man shows up to work every day and is employee of the month 12 out of 12 months . 
  nobody doin it with free throws, 
  they jacked him up to an 86 already ... 
  i remember when he was like a 63, 
  lebron should give it a whirl, 
  do you like palm trees kevin ? 
  but is he jumping at the line ? 
  casey is underrated imo, 
  i see a lot of raptor fans wanting him out after this season . 
  i personally think unless masai has somebody with the proper credentials , casey should stay . 
  he knows this team and it 's quite clear that the core players trust his system and respect his authority . 
  defensive minded coaches like him always prove to be the most successful . 
  despite your struggles in the playoffs , the raptors have been on a consistent climb over the last couple of years and i think this year they will prove all the doubters wrong . 
  why not ? 
  tons of nightlife, 
  he should, 
  a team with scrubs and lebron will go further than a team with scrubs and curry . 
  that 's a lie, 
  fuck the cap, 
  i believe it was more about embarrassment, 
  when do we want it !, 
  who is dwyane wade ? 
  beas is very talented , he 's just ... * sigh * ... he just is . 
  that boy is feisty !, 
  number 1 in our hearts ... forever, 
  why was he so hyped up in college ? 
  i do n't watch much ncaa but i remember that year all the mock drafts had him going top 3, 
  makes sense, 
  how would he know if he only watches top 4 teams ? 
  best human backcourt in the league, 
  in his defense , demar showed up against brooklyn and washington . 
  toronto is a huge threat this year and no need to bash on them , saying that we get bounced second round against the cavs is n't really an insult, 
  pft keep dreaming bud , plus how are you gon na pay whiteside ? 
  dead, 
  i wish i could tell you , the gofather keeps things pretty hush hush, 
  how can you tell ? 
  edit : s / ... . 
  yeah, 
  no luck at all .
