  basketball , yaaaa, 
  such a great show , but man it aged terribly . 
  every time i try to rewatch it i just ca n't get through a single episode, 
  how did he manage to finish with 1 point ... .1 fucking point, 
  i figured right away so i deleted my comment like a bitch, 
  honestly man at this point , i dont think it 's crazy to assume that higher ups are telling whiteside to go half speed on certain games . 
  i could also winslow getting shut down for the rest of the season if his wrist is still bothering him and we fully commit to tanking . 
  we knew it was n't gon na a fun year so let 's just get it over with get our pick , work some off season magic and come.back strong next year . 
  this guy . 
  this fucking guy right here, 
  you do n't understand how communism works, 
  yeah , where all the mates at ? 
  welcome to the marshmallow league, 
  google translate at its finest, 
  kein problem . 
  would be correct , i 'm fluent . 
  keine ursache makes sense technically but it does n't get used in that context . 
  fake tough guy . 
  * sigh *, 
  yep . 
  it 's unfortunate but he did kick his leg out and he happened to stumble over it , doubt it was intentional . 
  horford looked like he was backing up and maybe just caught a bad step or something . 
  still got ta call that since it made lebron turn it over . 
  it was definitely a foul cause that was your last foul to give . 
  next one by on smart resulted in free throws . 
  not sure where this kick ball nonsense is coming from, 
  he is having a historically bad season offensively, 
  finals preview , gon na be dope, 
  i do n't understand why winslow 's shot is so god damn broke , he has a decent looking form . 
  so frustrating to watch , at least he 's only 20 and he looks great in every area except shooting . 
  i 'm gon na chop that shit off in his sleep, 
  we 'll give you mcroberts for some bottom shelf maple syrup, 
  dudes been killing it this year , awesome to see, 
  this gives me hope for winslow . . 
  that 's as funny now as it would have been 3 years ago, 
  he 's a beast . 
  and he 's a big man . 
  that 's what i said last year , then all this buzz buzz shit happened next thing you know they buzzed our asses into a game 7, 
  i do n't think anyone slept on you guys last year . 
  i certainly did not . 
  i think your first round performance made you guys look vulnerable that 's all . 
  knicks won the trade . 
  that 's the point , nobody cares about anything you 're saying . 
  the trade in itself benefitted the knicks more than the bulls . 
  sure , but it 's gon na be toronto/cleveland rematch, 
  was a fun game for sure, 
  no offense but you guys signed 35 year old wade to a 50mil contract . 
  if anything it 'll pack the seats , that 's what wade move was about , at least paying rose you know you 'll get at least 4 more years of solid play ( the way he 's looking right now , injury free ), 
  plus , what they sign him to in the future does n't have any affect on the trade that happened . 
  derrick rose is playing well , and boy you guys would look a hell of alot different with a trio of this rose , wade and butler . 
  seriously everybody looked good today . 
  was a really fun game to watch . 
  it torched us but oh well, 
  bro ... why ca n't you just stop ? 
  what 's wrong with admitting that derrick rose , a former star on your team is playing well on team that traded for him ? 
  nobody is talking about noah , everyone knows the noah signing is trash . 
  it 's not like you lost anything at all ... it was time for chicago to move on from rose ... but new york got better from the trade ... that 's literally all there is to it . 
  it was n't a robbery ... 
  holy cock, 
  to me it 's as simple as , what the knicks got in return turned out to be better than what the bulls did . 
  simple as that . 
  not by a huge margin though, 
  everything is lie, 
  30 + points in each quarter.mike d came all over this game, 
  hey 3/4 years were smiles, 
  sorry , but you just gave me an aneurysm, 
  some people have no remorse, 
  tj ford was a fucking blurr !, 
  was such a huge fan of him in toronto . 
  i always disliked horford after that flagrant that basically ended tj 's career , he was never the same after :(, 
  when youre on mobile and scroll down to refresh the `` new '' feed over and over again but no new posts come up for like ten minutes and you actually become agitated . 
  like come on people i 'm dying for some oc over here, 
  this is just a practice game for tj and jrich, 
  why the hell not, 
  thank u, 
  shut the fuck up, 
  should n't you be more interested in the nfl post season now ? 
  i mean , the heat are n't making the playoffs this year , does n't mean i 'm not watching every single game of every single playoff round this year . 
  new year , new rondo, 
  replace durant with rose and your top 5 list is accurate, 
  wait ... which johnson ? 
  agree to disagree . 
  i care about how other teams perform whether my team is a dumpster fire like this year or whether we just won back to back titles . 
  if you 're a fan of a sport you 'll watch no matter what , especially the post season when it 's the most exciting . 
  meh i guess you could be right . 
  i 'm not too emotionally invested into any team in any league, 
  ca n't tell if you 're being sarcastic or not . 
  andre does n't deserve a 3 star 3pt shot rating when he 's 3pt attribute is at 31, 
  god , cousins would complete that team, 
  well shit , he sounded pretty serious , the fuck am i supposed to know, 
  happy new year, 
  22nd out of how many players ? 
  that 's pretty good, 
  father vs prime, 
  yup , could have tanked either way . 
  not like chicago is doing big things this year anyways, 
  you know ... the thing, 
  unfair to call jay williams a bust . 
  dude survived a motorcycle accident, 
  i really do n't think 35 year old wade would add 10 + wins by himself to this putrid team .
