  underrated signing, 
  can confirm , made a 6 `` 11 glass cleaner with slightly shorter wingspan for a little shot boost and i ca n't rebound worth shit, 
  would it be easier on hall of fame ? 
  since there 's a higher chance of the shot bricking, 
  what 's supposedly broken about it ? 
  i just got the badge, 
  i mean i average 3 + rebs in park so i 'm not horrible . 
  but dudes with longer arms tend to get to the ball before me even if i box them out perfectly . 
  plus i didnt know 2k set attitude point caps this year so i reached 95 ovr but my strength is only at 60 -_-, 
  toronto ai n't exactly a small market though, 
  it 's 4th in north america already ... did n't it surpass chicago ? 
  i 'm a pf 236lbs and yeah i made a glass cleaner/stretch . 
  he 's basically a glorified slow sf , i can actually shoot pretty good . 
  so that 's clearly why i lack in rebounding i 'm guessing, 
  who woulda thought kds replacement was on the bench this whole time, 
  catalina wine mixer, 
  fuck pat riley though, 
  e : / s. ... 
  thank god, 
  its fine if you say it , since you 're not a heat fan . 
  heat fans ca n't say pat riley did n't do anything wrong , even though it 's obvious, 
  please no, 
  seriously this is fucking shit, 
  would make sense to just not trade him, 
  hopefully this trade wo n't exist, 
  bought his jersey ... literally last week, 
  best way to stealth tank is to not have a competent point guard . 
  its looking like whiteside 's prime is going to be wasted on our rebuilding years , unless some blockbuster shit happens next year, 
  you 're annoying, 
  hell no . 
  what a great year it would be for cleveland though, 
  i will cry if we trade him, 
  hahahahahah damn that got me good, 
  blocked by lebron !, 
  bill clinton is gon na be first lady, 
  do n't matter , shits rigged, 
  i do n't support either of them but you ca n't tell me that * this * election has been completely honest . 
  if anything trump is the honest one , as much of an asshole and rhetoric he is , he 's being roasted for things that got nothing to do with politics . 
  on the other hand you have clinton who should seriously be impeached but she has the media on her side so she can create the narrative . 
  i know i 'm gon na be downvoted to shit for this but i have to repeat myself , i do n't support either candidate , i 'm not even an american citizen . 
  i 'm judging this election objectively and i 'm really surprised that the american people have yet to stand up against to these two `` candidates '' . 
  yeah exactly , project veritas . 
  i understand all the trump bashing but what baffles my mind even more is how quick people are to defend hillary . 
  just when you thought it was over ... it gets better, 
  jury : `` not guilty '', 
  judge : `` lol congrats but fuck the knicks . '', 
  this case was a joke . 
  the only reason why it even made it this far was because a celebrity was involved . 
  no more high school for derrick jr. 
  where 's he hiding nowadays ? 
  meet eddie , twenty-three years old . 
  fed up with life and the way things are going ,, 
  he decides to rob a liquor store, 
  honestly man , you signed with the best organization in the league and just came off a 67 win season and somehow you 're unhappy ? 
  how ... 
  testing, 
  if lebron had players of westbrook 's , ibakas , hardens , jackson 's , adams , kanters calibre in cleveland , he wouldnt have a reason to leave, 
  yup , kind of funny how the case in okc was the exact opposite . 
  they drafted extremely well but still could n't manage to capture a title even though they had a championship roster, 
  celtic fans , preseason gerald green is actually his doppelganger, 
  noo i seen some celtic fans raving about how he 's actually decent and they do n't understand why heat fans always bash him , he balled out last year in preseason for us . to be quite honest i have n't been paying attention to him at all this preseason, 
  i think he made something useful, 
  why not just have him sit out the whole season ? 
  vlade said he intends to keep him no ? 
  so that the rest of the league can stand a chance, 
  what a motherfucker, 
  so a shark or a dragon ? 
  he was good enough to have two nick names . 
  till kd leaves the warriors, 
  the jump ball at the start of the game determines the possession, 
  if money ai n't a option why am i limited to choosing only one of those guys ? 
  8/10 shit post, 
  reddit is in america ? 
  why not ? 
  it 's nba related . 
  can you read and understand canadian ? 
  it 's not like it 's german, 
  only right answer here . 
  and i 'm the biggest wade fan boy, 
  mcgruder is gon na be the next `` where do the heat keep finding these guys '' guy . 
  really getting sick and tired of people telling me to wake the fuck up even when i just got home from work, 
  god if i could hibernate through this tank job , trust me i would, 
  i know , i 'm excited for this squad . 
  just know it wo n't usually result in a w, 
  get it beno !, 
  unlike some other gms, 
  you guys never partied like this before eh ? 
  cubes goes hard, 
  with golden state warrior blood, 
  6 man like lou will ? 
  give me the raptors before either of those teams, 
  warriors opening up with a big fat l you can book it, 
  was excited all day , now i 'm sad, 
  reach, 
  waste of time, 
  put a huge smile on my face this morning when i rolled outta bed and checked the box score :'), 
  you can also argue that getting a full shot clock is too much of a reward in those types of situations, 
  hope this pans our , this would be great, 
  so who gets last intro ? 
  shut your trap fournier,
