  i dont see anybody talk about him as an all time great . 
  his sacrifice and adaptation got him 2 rings , some all time greats ca n't even say that . 
  his legacy will always be that 3rd guy on that really good team that did all the little things right and showed up when it counted . 
  he can at the very least boast about carrying the heat to a couple of wins while lebron sat , not a whole lot of lbjs past teamates can say that . 
  i dont know man , im not making him put to be kevin fucking garnett . 
  not sure how im overrating him ... by what and whos standards ? 
  i repeatedly saod he 'll be remembered as 3rd fiddle on a chanpionship team , i dont think theres too many pfs in todays league i would take over prime bosh either to be honest with you . 
  if that 's overrating him then fine , i guess im delusional . 
  or both, 
  he probably forgot , relax, 
  carroll for threeee ... and its short, 
  those news really bummed me out today man . 
  rip :'(, 
  sees black man run up onto property , grabs shotgun, 
  yup , can find a lot of their tracks in my workout playlist . 
  definitely not in 2005 lol, 
  you clearly didnt take any shots in life, 
  too early to invest in this meme, 
  i personally witnessed haslem box out hurricane matthew last year, 
  yeah their first 3 albums i can listen to from start to finish without skipping a track , quality music . 
  kind of creepy but their latest album that came out earlier this year almost reads like a suicide note now in context , especially the song `` heavy '' . 
  lose 4 straight games by choking a 25 pt lead in the 4th . 
  lebron locker room cancer, 
  trade everyone bring back 07 lebron, 
  lebron the female black widow , right after he fucks you and makes you happy he rips your head off, 
  wouldnt happen . 
  dragic and winslow or anyone else, 
  take them all idc, 
  the fuck are you saying, 
  we have the best assests out of those teams , i mean i dont like to refer to our players as assets but thats what they are . 
  cleveland is a garbage ass city, 
  well he was, 
  and he probably doesnt care, 
  how the turned have tables, 
  or dont even figure it out at all, 
  i mean feel free to give up one of them bay area stars, 
  lebron is orchestrating this mess so his inevitable departure is somewhat justifiable, 
  if thats what he wants then why hate on the guy ? 
  be nice to kawhi guys, 
  maybe hes just looking for new horizons ... or an ice wall, 
  `` got ta get the fuck up outta this mad house '', 
  man fuck all this kyrie hate and calling him dumb . 
  i love what hes doing cause its fucking crazy and ballsy as hell just because most players in his position would n't do it . 
  my man going against the grain ... . come to us pls, 
  this is actually amazing, 
  literally inside of them, 
  big baller bron, 
  lavar knows exactly what hes doing, 
  signs for the vet max, 
  skip gon na feast on this, 
  this sub is cancer, 
  if this season were an hbo show what would it be called ? 
  i dont get how im in my 5th season and hes still on my team plus hes sick as hell , everyone else says he gets traded away, 
  eeee, 
  goran isnt necesarrily a pass first pg as well . 
  our playmaking is essentially team based with everyone chipping in a few assists here and there . 
  kyries offensive upper hand beats out gorans average facilitating , add in a 6 year age difference and im not sure how you dont do this trade . 
  whos leading a deep playoff run by themselves nowadays ? 
  kid probably just wants out of cleveland because aside from lebron being there theres nothing there for him . 
  i can do that while im at work, 
  you manage the suns social media account ? 
  well you might be getting fired cause they 're hiring . 
  somebody tell him that rodney dont care who hes guarding !, 
  lol what ... he 's capable of way more than that . 
  jesus christ the disrespect rose gets on here is disgusting, 
  how is it obvious ? 
  and even if you dont he 's the 4th best scorer on your team . 
  at worst he can give you 15ppg off the bench, 
  that might change before the season starts who knows , thats why im saying its not so obvious . 
  cause its a bit of an unpredictable situation at the moment . 
  at this moment your starting pg situation is uncertain given the circumstances . 
  noah making more money ... what a world, 
  would you rather try and move kyrie before the season or have him start and see what happens ? 
  why not try and move kyrie for 3 or defensive role players and some picks . 
  gon na need to upgrade that perimeter defense somehow, 
  yeah thats what im thinking , might as well put together a crew that wants to be there . 
  i think you guys could get a solid package of a few players and some picks . 
  getting a few perimeter defenders would be awesome . 
  he probably chose to go to a contender for cheap . 
  im sure he had more money on the table elsewhere, 
  lol these announcers are hilarious . 
  but yo his release is pretty as fuck , kid has some serious range !, 
  you 're a fraud, 
  ... assists ? 
  that 's quite the adjustment . 
  would n't bet on it, 
  not a single serious trade proposal in that thread, 
  all day . 
  grandmaster wolven gear, 
  i think this is definitely known, 
  if you get kyrie for melon how happy would you be, 
  you literally dont know, 
  i believe it, 
  just a whole bunch of memery going on in there, 
  defensively its pretty atrocious, 
  first thing i thought of, 
  really ? 
  dragic and winslow ? 
  , competent starting point guard and a great perimeter defender . 
  eh man im just throwing stuff out there lmao,
