  your front court is impressive . 
  evans getting locked down though, 
  you must not have heard we got luke skywalker babbit, 
  russ gon na rip that process right outta your heart tonight, 
  really dude ... 
  you tried , you failed, 
  i like that he at least added a dribble step back pull up jumper from mid range . 
  did n't see much of that last year . 
  shots will start to fall eventually, 
  before his nba career , myles turner was into acting, 
  nice haircut , but he would look meaner with it buzzed like last year, 
  retarded, 
  e : guess it 's not, 
  would n't have won shit with that cavs roster . 
  his main issue was televising it nationally not so much leaving, 
  raptors fans used to be so humble , till they tasted success, 
  ahhh those infamous hedo pizzapizza ads , great times, 
  cause they did n't want derozan, 
  jesus same here , what was op thinking, 
  wade showed him some tricks i guess, 
  its just a habit , he does it all the time so that makes it ok, 
  people are saying drummond because of his age , but hes been the same player for a few years now . 
  outstanding rebounder with not much of an offensive game except for putback shots . 
  hassan made gigantic leaps to get to where he is today . 
  the verdict is still out on andre he has all the tools to become the best center in the league . 
  tough comparison because of the age gap . 
  i just think if you want immediate impact offensively and defensively you got ta go with hassan . 
  long term , i 'll take andre . 
  e : i made andre sound way too limited on offense , he has a great post up game as well . 
  ft shooting is his biggest downside, 
  do n't playoffs start tomorrow ? 
  beyond meaningless, 
  that 's the point i was trying to make . 
  it 's a tough comparison cause ones already in his prime and the other is yet to enter it, 
  kind of a dumb reason to take gobert over jv . 
  jv is the more complete player and could probably be a number one option on certain teams . 
  all you get with rudy is defense which is great but come on now , no way in hell is he more skilled than jv . 
  lol the fuck makes you so sure ? 
  your roster ai n't nothing special . 
  have fun with kaminsky, 
  charlotte been rebuilding since it 's existence , miami first year in rebuild doing a better job, 
  wish granted, 
  no problem man, 
  it 's not the most reliable , but it works most of the time that 's the only reason why i get it . 
  still a pretty unsatisfying paid service, 
  i ca n't even download the ps4 app . 
  it 's works great on ipad, 
  bullshit foul call that went lebrons way, 
  literally ca n't . 
  but gets to the basket so nicely, 
  relax guys , this is just one of many more to come, 
  feel so dumb when i talk smack and we end up losing . 
  rather get rejected by a girl, 
  i 'd love to know aswell, 
  winslow is gon na need more than a few years to develop a consistent offensive game, 
  stay rebuilding charlotte, 
  loool yeah bro you guys are really good, 
  another first round exit . 
  great success for charlotte , good job, 
  first round exiting * whatever same shit, 
  you guys were good last year . 
  gon na be worse this year , as will we of course . 
  nobody considers you as `` one of the best teams in the conference '' except yourselves, 
  definitely wo n't draft a guy like kaminsky . 
  he looked pretty good in a suit today, 
  oh yeah you 're 2-0 . 
  definite sign of having a other good season , my bad i forgot that 's how it works . 
  he 's a work in process , but i got nothing for that . 
  you 're absolutely right, 
  ca n't learn a soft touch , you either got it or you do n't . 
  he can fix his catch and shoot and shot form and step back and all of that when it comes to shooting . 
  but a soft touch is something he just does not possess, 
  17 boards ... sheeesh, 
  i 'm gon na go with , on . . me . . 
  wtf ? 
  of course kobes efficiency is gon na be lower when he 's the ball handler and shot creator . 
  where do shaqs points primarily come from ? 
  my guess is longer than 3 games . 
  even if it takes a whole season that 's a short adjustment period, 
  are you implying that the wade and shaq duo was better than kobe and shaq ? 
  or simply that wade is better than kobe ? 
  i 'm the biggest wade fan and i 'm not even gon na begin to argue why kobe is better . 
  ... it 's his first year in the league on a team thats been historically bad over the last four years . 
  relax with the overreactions . 
  thanks, 
  well we have waiters so should be a good one, 
  man winslow has such a smoothe jumper , like butter, 
  how does this happen, 
  do n't worry , every super team goes through this, 
  nevermind then , warriors experiment failed, 
  where 's my cloud save i 'm on ps4, 
  e : nvm think i found it, 
  cloud saved work , thank you sweet baby jesus, 
  jrich please come back and take all of dion 's minutes, 
  yup , take the d wade/derozan approach . 
  try and be lethal in the mid range and slowly develop the 3 . 
  but launching 3s right now ai n't working, 
  basically all of us, 
  he wo n't , that is ridiculously hard . 
  but he could avg a double double with rebounds in the high 8s,
