  makes my blood boil every time, 
  do n't fall for that mentality, 
  east coast playoff race is filled with a bunch of teams who are n't quite sure if they are tanking or gunning for playoffs, 
  the swiss army knife, 
  kosovo is serbia anyways, 
  and then he 's ... 22 ? 
  nah but i would try to move reggie, 
  knicks would take him . 
  reggie and rose starting together, 
  lol what ... you 'd have to settle for alot less than kat or boogie for drummond . 
  you honestly ca n't even build a team around a player like drummond anymore . 
  he should be a fourth option on a contending team , a clean up guy . 
  kind of like tt, 
  mario sunshine . 
  nuff said, 
  what 's that mean ? 
  he was an all-star so what ? 
  he 's not a building piece in today 's league . 
  your record shows it, 
  masai ai n't done just yet, 
  so you 're fine moving forward with him as your number 1 option ? 
  you 're crazy . 
  he 's a good player , best rebounder in the league . 
  but he 's not a number one and wo n't ever be . 
  they 're not even dysfunctional . 
  they 're just dumb, 
  damn bruno is getting maxed too ? 
  he 's the face of your franchise what are you talking about . 
  even your boys on 97.1 the ticket would agree with me . 
  drummond is n't somebody to build around, 
  just like me, 
  something something , russians, 
  detroit paying for cleveland 's rings, 
  not sure the raptors would be getting screwed there bud, 
  it 's about the fans marco, 
  please . 
  fuck the wiz and celtics, 
  wow til i 'm a retard, 
  ready to join my dad in disneyland, 
  beal knows vacation is far more important than the asg, 
  amber rose was quite impressed, 
  he 's supposed to be . 
  he 's not getting paid all that money to rebound . 
  i 'm sure svg is hoping that his offensive game makes a gigantic leap to justify that contract . like you said he 's only 23 so the verdict is still out . 
  i 'd love to see him in that 16-18ppg then he would be a true star, 
  this is an extreme case of fts , first title syndrome, 
  it definitely is . 
  but mike and terry are alright , and they 're not quite sold on drummond that 's all i 'm saying, 
  cool . 
  his stats look nice , do n't translate to wins . 
  such is life for big men like him in today 's league . 
  we got our own with hassan . 
  if you buy the whole `` i wanted to go back home '' bullshit you 're as delusional as your fo . 
  chicago was dumb enough to give him 48 mil over 2 years . 
  that 's why he went there , cause going `` back home '' for 50 mil was better than going to denver at the time . 
  though in hindsight he probably wishes he went to denver . 
  part of me does too, 
  how about you spend all star break in the gym practicing hassan ? 
  haha i 'm fully serb, 
  woah take it easy bro, 
  only three players in history have that mindset though . 
  kobe , mj and dion himself . 
  man i 'd watch me some embiid porn for sure, 
  that 'd be a terrible start if he hit the ground running, 
  orlando lost this trade last summer, 
  not at all man . 
  i 'm not upset about the losses at all . 
  it 's been an going thing with him that deserves to at least be addressed . 
  he 's a great player but his effort or i do n't know what the fuck it is just is n't always there . 
  that was his problem in sacramento as well , of course he 's miles ahead now but that little part of him is still there and it comes out once in a while . 
  sometimes his comments come off as all he cares about is league recognition as well . 
  i was just being a prick with my initial comment cause again his comments sound like he 's dying for recognition by trying to slide in the asg . 
  i never suggested trading him, 
  nuff said, 
  the void sucks :(, 
  this is fucked, 
  can you take winslow and give him back when you turn him into kawhi 2.0 ? 
  tbf both of them have n't been anything special . 
  sj just has crazy potential, 
  andre drummond apparently, 
  you 're not blind . 
  i just did n't wan na go in on the guy like that . 
  in my opinion okafor would be more useful on the pistons than sj . 
  anytime i critisize sj it turns into a winslow vs stanley argument so i just tend to stay away, 
  so lebron is better than waiters ? 
  i never understood the point of canning water . 
  sick video , but terrible fucking song, 
  what happened to the super team ? 
  honestly it would be really nice of them to just give the picks back to brooklyn . 
  you missed lebron, 
  it 's been too long, 
  fuck kevin love, 
  great pass by perdle, 
  those neck veins, 
  wait where is this supposedly ? 
  i 'm out of the loop on this one, 
  shit is so painfully obvious . 
  i just have a gut feeling that they 'll end up getting away with it like always, 
  i think it 's more of a diversion . 
  they 're gon na round up all these `` nobody pedos '' which is still a good thing of course .
