  cause they were favourites the second the decision aired . 
  in your dreams, 
  pay him like 15k a month just to hangout and be around the team lol, 
  nobody signs lebron . 
  lebron signs with you, 
  love seeing demar derozan in with this group of guys . 
  no they have not, 
  something along the lines of `` are they gon na present him with a walker or fake teeth ? '', 
  oh god of course not, 
  oh god no, 
  there 's worse things ... like isis, 
  i know right . 
  if anything he 's thinking he can beat the rockets without lebron . 
  wade will do this here and there but goran is alot more reliable running the offense, 
  bro if we beat cleveland and made it to the finals it would be a bigger story than warriors repeating . 
  i 'm so down to get swept in the finals , bring it . 
  ohh the memes from 2011 !, 
  if only i could revisit some of them, 
  i fucking hate that friend, 
  almost no serious injuries except bosh :'(, 
  1-3mil eh ... how in god 's name did you come up with this ? 
  i disagree and i am people, 
  nobody 's gon na give you anything . 
  you have to take it !, 
  now go get it !, 
  and if butler was on the spurs they would still be second seed in the west, 
  that mans getting a statue, 
  nothing untrue about that statement , but you 're implying kobe is only getting a farewell tour cause of his immense popularity and that 's why wade would n't get one . 
  that 's just not true, 
  fuck of course not . 
  i think your original comment rubbed me the wrong way cause i 'm a fan boy . 
  seems to me we 're on the same page about this . 
  mistreatment ? 
  we 're not the bulls, 
  probably dirk, 
  i disagree but i 'm not a farewell tour expert like all you guys above me so what the hell do i know . 
  spot on, 
  thanks for the rental, 
  get him a cyborg arm, 
  curry vs casspi was pretty sick honestly, 
  why is this getting deleted ? 
  should i stop ? 
  lol how many coaches yall need on payroll ? 
  well then i agree ... he should probably go, 
  yes, 
  but mcds value picks ca n't be beat . 
  couple mcdoubles made like a mac and a couple junior chickens , my go to 3am snack, 
  wade is literally isis ... fuck that guy, 
  thought yall would do it last year but its all good !, 
  one of us are beating the cavs, 
  we cant even beat the lakers , its all on you guys now ... sorry, 
  i was in toronto for that . 
  in a bar with raging raps fans . 
  cheering kobe on , twas a swell night . 
  at least he has an argument ... 
  lol youre comparing apples and oranges , lebron is great but your organization is trash, 
  i guess mj and kerr are on the same level, 
  yes it was , i agree, 
  what the hell is going on, 
  completely fucked with my morning routine ... took me longer than it should have to connect the dots, 
  :'( ... amazing, 
  wade 's 06 overall finals performance , still gets me wet, 
  yeah they were good, 
  winnnsslerrrtsss, 
  i love this, 
  beast, 
  best way to settle that argument and it never fails . 
  a team composed of scrubs and lebron will always go further than a team of scrubs and curry . 
  scrubs and lebron scored more points than stacked curry team in finals, 
  twice . 
  how the fuck does this keep happening, 
  i knew i should have drank myself to sleep tonight, 
  thank you christ i hate basketball, 
  he 'll be gone eventually, 
  the sun gives off heat, 
  he fucking flipped him over his shoulder , what is your argument here honestly ? 
  bush league, 
  we 'll have lots of fun . 
  lots of playoff fun in the sun, 
  that 's what the celtics do to you . 
  he can shoot, 
  on offense *, 
  terrance ross has that ass on lock, 
  one of us might be next, 
  / r/nbastreams, 
  my apologies, 
  no easy first rounds this year newbie . 
  prepare for bloodshed ... playoffs are coming, 
  classic thunder fashion . 
  fuck guys come on, 
  is this a real thing ? 
  man last year 's cavs finals team was below average i swear , but you 're right it 's the perfect example of why you would take lebron in this scenario . 
  stephs bball iq is nowhere near lebrons, 
  kinda dumb if you ask me ... 
  that 's honestly crazy, 
  stan fran vogel ? 
  goats do n't literally produce cheese ... do they ? 
  that is awesome !, 
  pulling for him to return just in time for playoffs , i feel like he 's a guy you can just plug right in and he 'll produce , do n't think raptors should be worried about chemistry, 
  so he splits time with ross ?
