  exactly , dan gilbert gets buttburt all the time as well, 
  edit : i guess he does n't . 
  how did i automatically read that in tune ... 
  how ... the hell ... does he do it ? 
  completely disagree . 
  i think finally for once lebron wo n't have a complete cake walk to the finals this year . 
  not saying cavs wo n't make it there , but a lot of east teams are more than capable of making them work for it and stretching the series . 
  i mean he 's got his number one daft pick there in bargnani, 
  has his eyes for sure, 
  why would i take that personally ? 
  or were you trying to be funny ? 
  lol what ... ? 
  any situation that life throws at you , prime wade folks , always prime wade . 
  i found stephen a. smith, 
  i 've been waiting for this from spo, 
  son of a bitch, 
  the disrespect, 
  this would be great for people that work midnights like me . 
  kind of like how soccer is always on here around 10am, 
  * bowl of some of the finest kush known to planet earth *, 
  ftfy, 
  way to point out our losing streak :(, 
  he 's good at blocking, 
  made my day, 
  rockets fans are the most sensitive, 
  every team except miami , cause they are aware of his huge downside . 
  any team that gives him the max will shortly after regret it ,, 
  that 's an issue , but it 's more his attitude towards the game , he chases blocks instead of boxing out which hurts more than it helps , of course saying this after he recorded 11 blocks sounds stupid but it 's true . 
  i do n't know if you follow him on snap chat but it 's quite clear that basketball is not his priority and i think other gms are aware of this and might be hesitant to throw him the max , either way he 's gon na get paid a lot of money cause he 's really underpaid now, 
  november according to these guys ^, 
  how much monies, 
  i 'm taking the zingis all day, 
  enemy threat neutralized, 
  rockets think they can, 
  i guess a spurs 4-0 sweep is considered close, 
  edit : wow read that completely wrong, 
  cool, 
  that 's fucking nuts, 
  that 's terrible, 
  leboban jamesjanovic, 
  til, 
  edit : i seriously did n't know , i guess that deserves downvotes, 
  windsor ai n't even that bad, 
  shoulda stayed where it 's always sunny brotha, 
  more cushion for the pushin, 
  nice thing you did there with the name ... whatever it 's called, 
  sounds french, 
  these are tight man !, 
  i would honestly dislike the clippers just a tad bit less if they had these, 
  damn dude, 
  but the cavs have never been teased by being called `` the big 2.5 '' ... . just sayin, 
  how would you back that statement up ? ... or it 's just your opinion ? 
  no winslow if lbj stayed ... just sayin, 
  you sound like one of those really bad/annoying/desperate salesmen, 
  i have n't read 7 books in my 24 years of existence, 
  for me , final fantasy died with sin, 
  it bothers me that wade never makes it on these types of list , but i guess it 's understandable, 
  or you know , mr.mvp, 
  i like it , no room for arguments here, 
  is there a rumor ? 
  we did n't tank last year , we fought for a playoff spot and our season came down to one game cause we were shit , for obvious reasons . 
  pat riley is n't tanking away mr.wades final years, 
  this kevin love mutiny is serious , damn, 
  criminal, 
  at least we 're the best at something, 
  yeah man ... we need a roster shakeup asap, 
  fuck man ... almost glad i 'm at work and not watching, 
  this should n't even be called a floater ... insane , ball went up like 87 fucking degrees, 
  demar deyogenfrozen is a fucking beast, 
  steph pls no, 
  i do n't think i could find a better example of complete opposites, 
  he had bargnani, 
  swap chicago with toronto, 
  and wade looks a lot better and healthier than his last two years , except for his fg % but that would surely go up with the homie lbj, 
  i think blatt got fired, 
  it 's not a job , it 's a lifestyle, 
  so he got demoted from head coach ? 
  lol this is awesome, 
  keeping mr.james happy , smh , he wanted spo fired after 2011 too . 
  difference between gilbert and riley, 
  david blatt just got fired, 
  which is why he left miami , cause pat riley would n't give in to his demands, 
  windhorst knows lebron better than lebron . 
  i trust him / s, 
  it was never about the land / s, 
  what prophecy ? 
  rings and millions of dollars should compensate for a little home sickness, 
  are cleveland 's ancient ruins as old as egypts ? 
  something tells me they wo n't , they 're looking great, 
  david blatt ... trust no one ... not even yourself, 
  seems to me that they can afford whatever they please, 
  right . 
  things a gm should be concerned about , not a player, 
  wades knees seem fine now . 
  do n't act like kyrie and love were an enormous upgrade . 
  one could argue they were a definite downgrade, 
  wades efficiency would surely increase with lebron . 
  it 's no surprise that it dropped , he 's 34 and splits most of the offensive load with bosh on this current roster . 
  you think lebron would go back to cleveland with a sub par roster ? 
  he took a gamble , said it was about coming home when it was n't .
