  the hardest road, 
  i love winslow , but ca n't help but think what our team would be like with booker right now -_-, 
  good job suns, 
  mint post bro . 
  you got * me * convinced . 
  i hope kyrie reads it, 
  riley gon na a un-retire it for his grace, 
  he 's probably opting in bro , free money . 
  unless he really wants out, 
  well this is late, 
  hmmm so maybe aliens were raping ancient egyptians , and found long heads unattractive ? 
  #downvote party, 
  same , i really want the celtics . 
  it 's a speculation thread . 
  thanks for stating the obvious, 
  that 's fine . 
  i 'm saying hypothetically , between the c 's , wiz and cavs , i like our matchup and chances against you guys . 
  no need to get offended, 
  and i 'm saying that * i * believe we have a decent chance of upsetting boston . 
  yes . 
  him and the ball brothers have punchable faces for sure , especially the youngest one . 
  yes . 
  stay away, 
  i do n't like it, 
  luke babbit can not be our second fastest player . 
  is lie, 
  i 'm down with that, 
  milwaukee is about to catch a couple ls these next few days . 
  nasty schedule, 
  bosh has been trash this year too, 
  nobody tanked . 
  fans are using that term to almost cover up an unsuccessful season . 
  give him parson 's contract, 
  fournier, 
  damn you 're right , was not aware of that, 
  launch 3s, 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking . 
  he 's a great 3pt shooter with some size as well, 
  i still rather have rodney start . 
  casspi should come in off the bench for the babster, 
  hooray ? 
  did n't know all three of those guys got waived, 
  you think you 're better than me cause you read words on paper ? 
  to be fair , croats get triggered pretty easily when it comes to any serb . 
  there 's bad apples on both sides , for every darko `` croat hater '' there 's another usta\u0161a `` serb hater '' out there . 
  it 's really dumb and primitive , definitely minus points for darko in my book . 
  i did n't read the post at all lol . 
  i want casspi so bad but we do n't have the roster spot or minutes for him :(, 
  never enough 3pt shooters, 
  tj ford . 
  bruise eyed white dragon ? 
  he 's aiming for the middle, 
  so . . cleveland, 
  i know i 've been saying that for a while . 
  drummond would be best as an elite clean up guy on a championship contender . 
  he 's not a first or second option, 
  but it was , up untill like 3-4 mins left, 
  we are shampionchip, 
  i see how it is, 
  link for purchase, 
  i 'm gon na get killed for this on here but i honestly believe lebron is the more complete player and could easily be more.valuable depending on how the team is constructed . 
  ton of good guards out there today . 
  plus we were trash for the first half of the season . 
  but goran is much like lowry for the raptors , he 's our engine and we ca n't go anywhere without him . 
  thanks , best 20 $ i 've ever spent, 
  lou will , the og 6man, 
  people will look at the stats and say no cause there are better players out there . 
  chris paul is the point guard i want to run my team though , sort of depends on how you define and value a top 10 player . 
  thanks alot . 
  fuck outta here . 
  ca n't blame the man for wanting money , you bitch . 
  be happy it 's not us that 's paying him , but stay humble cause of the amazing years he gave us . 
  it 'll always be wade county, 
  but no, 
  russ kill raptor, 
  jesus christ , bosh 's blood clots ... makes sense now, 
  he 'll retire before 40 , with millions of dollars in the bank . 
  that 's a great life, 
  somebody blame elfrids hair please, 
  man , after boston completely robbed brooklyn blind of their future , you 'd have be something really special to be the biggest dumpster fire in new york , congrats knicks , you did it . 
  you guys got a roster spot for casspi ? 
  he 's just so patient and never seems flustered . 
  it 's like , he stops dribbling , you think he 's stuck or something and then finds the cutter or open man . 
  like wtf it 's amazing, 
  cause you 're a fucking dumbass if you turn down 50 million dollars . 
  chasing the hell out of that karma, 
  shoots like 60 % from three, 
  heat fans think we win , celtic fans think they would win . 
  50/50 chance one team wins the other loses, 
  amputation ? 
  one word . 
  this is great , bench reaction was amazing too , willie did a little impersonation, 
  fucking catalina wine mixer, 
  you 're damn fucking right thibs, 
  i love this anti-process shit . 
  spam our new slogan guys, 
  that 's against the law, 
  trust the culture , fuck the process, 
  do n't worry wiz fans , that `` see you monday '' shit does n't always work out . 
  ask a cavs fan,
