  how ironic . 
  if you have 10 hours out of your day to stand in a fucking line , i doubt you work too hard . 
  but i want it ... 
  it 's not the same, 
  just picked one up . 
  good luck selling a nintendo product for 800 $ lmao . 
  source, 
  not saying i disagree . 
  but is n't it a little too early label kawhi a better all around defender than lebron ? 
  well this more or less settles this debate lmao, 
  fuck it . 
  i 'm buying one today, 
  spurs 112-108, 
  edit : lol wtf, 
  this does n't help my dilemma, 
  ok and if it 's not i 'll give everyone on this sub gold, 
  i honestly have n't had a nintendo console since game cube . 
  and i have to admit , it will be a compulsive buy , but i got a nice tax return and wan na treat myself lol, 
  horizon wo n't even come close to outmatching the witcher 3 . 
  it 's not really about the money to me . 
  the switch just looks more appealing to me than the wii u. i 'm just gon na go for it , no ragrets, 
  timing was probably worse for horizon than botw . 
  it 's the hottest thing out right now , while horizon is a great game , zelda is eating up all th attention . 
  who gives a damn . 
  it 's not like we 're all restricted to owning only one console . 
  you can have your ps4/xbox for higher res games , but guess what , nintendo is gon na have some nice exclusives that are gon na be worth playing without the fps . 
  well i mean what would be the point of having exclusives then ? 
  we 'd just have one super console with zero competition . 
  can he at least grab a few rebounds ? 
  i do n't care if he 's fat and does n't run, 
  ingram was supposed to be more offensively polished than simmons . 
  i do n't know man , i 'm just saying things, 
  sign him up riles , we got a championship to win . 
  found one already, 
  do n't necessarily have to be bulky to be strong . 
  his lengthiness and lurch style body is a trademark of his greatness . 
  at least this is fair now . 
  we played cavs without lebron on saturday , and we do n't have tyler johnson tonight . 
  good split guys, 
  see you monday they said, 
  see you monday they said, 
  i ca n't wait for monday, 
  honestly fuck those guys , they 're terrible, 
  and fuckin fornyay, 
  ya , fuck that guy, 
  luke babbit too, 
  hey bud about that, 
  like come on there 's no way ahahaha holy fuck, 
  something 's wrong with this timeline . 
  need to fix all the bugs in my time machine ,, 
  i called this game earlier today 112-108 spurs, 
  the block vs that block, 
  imagine if we still had lebron, 
  i lucked out yesterday . 
  i 'm in canada and i found a seller on kijiji who was selling units for 475 $ ( only 25 $ more than retail ), 
  so i picked one up , let him have his 25 $ for bulk purchasing w.e . 
  downvoting you cause you do n't think human error is possible . 
  you 're so cool you know how to spell his name correctly . 
  it 's unorthodox and autocorrect messes it up all the time , i can vouche for that, 
  pretty sad our rebuilding year that 's fielding a bunch of g-leaguers is better than your `` contending year '', 
  dwight 's an idiot, 
  man this nintendo switch is dope !, 
  zelda also kicks ass, 
  makes it funner imo, 
  in canada it 's 399 $ after taxes it comes to about 450 $, 
  yeah man , i just love the way nintendo does shit too . 
  gets the nostalgia flowing, 
  yeah i definitely agree, 
  probably should n't do that, 
  i do n't see the joke, 
  i honestly would bro , i have n't played a zelda game since majora 's mask . 
  so i missed all the titles in between . 
  and like somebody else said , this is n't really a traditional zelda game . 
  if you like fantasy rpgs , something like the witcher 3 but far less complex , you 'll enjoy botw . 
  a guy with a quick catch and shoot release like him ?!, 
  do n't even blink pat pls, 
  holy fuck , the shooting between dra\u017een , peja and dirk . 
  deadly as fuck, 
  how 's the pizza ? 
  anyone try it ? 
  damn , we need a body down there though, 
  this is why we 're gon na win the title this year, 
  we got the green light boys, 
  i honestly do n't see the bulls doing better than us , they seem so beaten down and wade 's missing a few games latley, 
  what a legend, 
  i ca n't stand this charlotte team . 
  please win, 
  my bad , did not know . 
  mods can remove if necessary, 
  eat out . 
  buying groceries and cooking for one is useless, 
  always go against the grain . 
  resist the triangle, 
  i did n't mean he should n't keep essentials in the house like pop tarts and chocolate milk . 
  and it 's not so much the cooking that 's challenging compared to how quickly shit goes spoiled . 
  could be just my experience , but i found myself shopping for single meals , most of the times i would end up throwing out 1/3 of a loaf of bread or a broccoli head for example . 
  true , that 's good advice, 
  the misconception of `` the process '' is that its only a 3-5 year plan . 
  when in reality it 's close to 7-10 before winning culture can be established . 
  doubt it.montreal is hockey central.toronto is a way bigger and more diverse city,
