  he should be full time in ny, 
  edit : was not aware he does n't have custody , this changes everything and makes me original comment wrong . 
  he should n't be in ny fulltime, 
  if rose has full custody then i do n't see why he would n't be in ny full time . 
  move the whole family over, 
  i have no idea . 
  and yeah you 're right , especially since he 's uncertain if his career will pan out in ny . 
  i 'm sure if he knew he was settling down there permanently he would arrange something . 
  sucks not being able to see your kid . 
  sums up my entire secondary and post secondary education career, 
  these pointless ass tweets . 
  so annoying, 
  derrick rose takes the cake, 
  100 % it did , unless i was tripping on acid for 2 straight years as a kid, 
  fuck you 're right . 
  it was definitely number 2 then , just checked the cover art . 
  my bad . 
  do n't think i played 3, 
  ahhh the dilemma 's of an nba superstar . 
  meanwhile i ca n't decide between wendy 's or burgerking, 
  i do n't . 
  we men , we assume, 
  baconator with full toppings , no ragrets, 
  i 'm a part time parent who fought hard to obtain custody of my son . 
  i 've moved around my whole life even at a young age all over the world so i definitely know how hard it is on children . 
  i 'm not aware of his situation with his child and the child 's mom , all i know is there 's plenty of nba players with children and they make it work . 
  of course you wo n't see your kids every day as an nba player , but that 's why they all cherish those home game stretches , cause those are the weeks where you 're closer to your family . 
  does n't count though cause he had shaq and officials gave him too many calls, 
  edit : / s. . . 
  wade does , over all his kids . 
  your job does n't really get accounted for in the matter for custody . 
  i just recently went through a custody battle with my son 's mom . 
  if rose wanted full custody i 'm sure he could have gotten it if he fought in court hard enough . 
  but he could have reached a normal agreement with his ex that works out for both parties . 
  full or partial custody does n't even address with whom the kid spends more time with . 
  it 's more about parenting input and how much say he or she will have in the child 's life , from religious views to extracurricular activities , schooling etc. 
  by the looks of it he kept a normal civil relationship with his son 's mom . 
  even in severe cases of drug abuse , custody almost always gets allocated to the mother and it is very difficult and expensive to take away . 
  i 'm in canada so the laws are probably different . 
  it 's messed up but that 's how the law works in some places . 
  you are 100 % correct on that , lots of women were abusing child custody laws for child support so in the last 5 years or so cases are being assessed differently . 
  which is why family law cases tend to be extremely long and expensive . 
  9/10 the two parties come to an agreement on their own , as did i . 
  that 's secrit play derek ros, 
  casey is just rough drafting the secrit plays, 
  this is weirder than gerald green on bath salts last year, 
  how funny would it be if we only get one year of rose and wade on different teams , with both of them returning next year, 
  all the fuck draymond green comments last year in the finals, 
  she 's basically just a human flesh light to him, 
  stop :'(, 
  how come nothing for me is working out ? 
  including me working out, 
  i honestly appreciate the hell out of this comment . 
  thanks !, 
  if my life was a comment , it would be at the top of every thread on reddit, 
  sometimes it 's out of courtesy, 
  i have yet to meet my girlfriend, 
  i love demars willingness to drive straight into the paint , reminds me of a young wade, 
  this should be an easy win for us , no point in watching, 
  on one hand ? 
  it 's getting spicy in here, 
  or actually win those second chance rebounds ... swear you guys missed out on 5 opportunities, 
  siracha, 
  fuck olynyk and his pubic beard, 
  lol at that screaming wtf, 
  #kid compton, 
  bitch demar killed yall, 
  and secrit plays, 
  ... they 're both losing to zaza ... all stars a joke, 
  just dreadful, 
  damn i called this game earlier 114-102 raps ... . pretty damn close, 
  off by 4 points . 
  i am a god, 
  off by 4 dammit, 
  dwayne casey , in complete awe of tonight , ran to his desk immediately after the game and began to revise his secrit plays, 
  go find your point guard, 
  fuck wins . 
  need picks, 
  love this kid . 
  cool fucking name too, 
  lol bro same here ... for like the longest time too, 
  porzingis , tall blue monstar from space jam, 
  his leaping ability is either never gon na go away , or just completely vanish from this at 37 to nothing at 38, 
  oh manu ... what was that, 
  he 's staying . 
  we had a good season last year without bosh and lebron basically . 
  this year he does n't have much to work with . 
  haha i 'll take that as a compliment . 
  i agree we are in for some dark times , unless riley can work some magic this upcoming free agency , there 's not much hope for what we have right now . 
  call me, 
  shhh i 'm glad he did n't call him out by name, 
  will there be a live stream ? 
  rubber match confirmed . 
  hope everyone stays healthy , it 's a fair game in that case, 
  i. . . like . . steph curry ? 
  hmmmmm how has n't lebron achieved this ? 
  better not whine later on though about never winning anything in his career . 
  actually he 's got a gold medal like melo, 
  cause i used to really enjoy coming here , even as a lurker . 
  there was always great content or reading material .
