  her wanting her son does not make her a bitch at all . 
  if she were trying to keep their son away from him , that would make her a bitch in my opinion , which is extremely common for women to do when it comes to divorce , it 's nothing new ... 
  but clearly i was wrong , it seems like theyre gon na have a peaceful separation . 
  cops defense : `` he told me to do it '', 
  lol do me !, 
  do me !, 
  fuck it , him being openly pissed off about it will definitely bring some attention to it, 
  russ out here committing false flags, 
  honestly i 'm sitting here high as shit trying to figure out how we played 200 + games this season, 
  that song actually came out in 2002 . 
  rondo looks great man wow , always in control, 
  man fuck the celtics , this is great, 
  lol basketball gods are redditors, 
  what, 
  what a great day in nba history, 
  always looks in complete control, 
  as if riley would n't want bosh out there playing if he were healthy . 
  yeah , he played basketball, 
  2009 man , what a terrific year for him , but how do you beat out lebron . 
  sucks he never got an mvp award . 
  hey i would chip in 10 $ if he had a gofundme, 
  i see it now . 
  rajon : `` listen imma do whatever the fuck i want out there , * but * i 'm gon na give you all the credit . '', 
  fred : `` sounds good raquan '', 
  i guess dray does n't flex and shows us his tonsils after every god damn play he makes, 
  hot memefusion, 
  damn i need me some heat process, 
  rip ballstreams, 
  fucking pathetic by the raptors . 
  probably the most depleted playoff game i 've ever seen by any team , especially one with that much talent . 
  like what in the fucking piss happened, 
  half man , half bear , half pig, 
  do n't bring us into this east coast shit show pls, 
  yeah we match up poorly . 
  we could n't play you guys like the bucks are . 
  demar would get his looks at least, 
  no it 's not dumbass, 
  damn i just thought how much you guys could use his scoring right now alongside russ . 
  damn , must suck to watch the warriors, 
  oh damn what you doing, 
  love hanging out with my son on saturdays watching barney and friends, 
  excuse me ? 
  protocol 4 and 14 . 
  it 's a very dry boring read , found a guy on youtube that narrates it better . 
  yt link : https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ig5stehzqza, 
  aha yeah it definitely peaked my curiosity, 
  you 're not an asshole . 
  i 'm just an idiot, 
  english is hard, 
  trendy dad, 
  man shit like this amazes me , shits crazy man, 
  anybody else catch vince punching himself in the face after he banged knees with parker ? 
  tough . 
  nails . 
  yo this shits crazy, 
  e : dude just tied it up , i love basketball, 
  this series will be better than the finals, 
  but marc had the last laugh, 
  fucking kawhi 40/40 in the series, 
  you 're truly an inspiration, 
  why did sprite ruin a great commerical with bum ass little yachty, 
  india, 
  fuck the refs ? 
  lol y' all got rooked, 
  really displayed everything what 's wrong with the nba today in like 3 minutes, 
  man i was honestly so stoked when bosh announced he was coming . 
  i was like finally wade will get a proper 2nd option , especially after wade 's amazing year but very mediocre in terms of team success . 
  after the decision i could n't even comprehend what the hell was going on , my mind just overloaded . 
  i was 18 at the time . 
  i think i just got really high . 
  yeah 10/10 got super baked, 
  you listen to coldplay, 
  ughh honestly biggest let down of the playoffs so far . 
  fuck injuries man , fuck the celtics was in full swing and then poof it 's gone :(, 
  10/10 got rooked, 
  got damn sun, 
  wearing elmo colors, 
  bet it feels and fits nicer, 
  not pg related what so ever, 
  e : this is a great interview , but to connect it to pizzagate imo is stupid . 
  unless , anything to do with child sex or sacrifice = pizzagate , then i am wrong . 
  live your life and be happy . 
  nobody is gon na use nukes, 
  that 's kinda what i meant . 
  pizzagate should be a term used exclusively for the podesta/alefantis connection, 
  seriously , maybe if you add another mvp candidate on that team then maaaaybe, 
  fuck your thumbs rondo , this is your fucking moment !, 
  it does n't exist , it was all in his head, 
  very weird roster . 
  presti gon na work this offseason, 
  90 % minimum, 
  completly unrelated , but ballmer cracks me up in this windows 95 reveal . 
  i think there is zero chance gordon leaves after having such a great year with utah . 
  their future is very bright and he can earn the most with them, 
  honestly man who needs 20 + rebounds a night from one player ? 
  i much rather have a well rounded team rebounding team than one great rebounder . 
  the fact that rebounding is the only thing drummond brings is why he 's kind of useless and overpaid . 
  i feel you , he regressed for sure . 
  but what i 'm saying is , if you average 11-14 rebounds a night you 're an elite rebounder , now to me that 's essentially useless if you do n't attach anything else to your game . 
  you look at the top 10 rebounders this season and all of them are pretty good at other things as well .
