  smh, 
  lol love your player tag, 
  please, 
  lol durant knew it was n't good, 
  lol there 's no way , maybe confused with the blue jays, 
  lol this thread is mint, 
  that wide open baseline jumper for the lead was like a missed free throw , i doubt that ever happens again, 
  i 'm surprised he sat demar for the entire 4th . 
  that was a statement and good coaching on his part, 
  starting at center , standing 7ft tall for your cleveland cavaliers ... andrewwww byynum, 
  i would switch that around ... 
  sadly i think that the pistons ca n't play the cavs any better than they did their first game , but what a fun team to watch with a super bright future ahead . 
  cavs are just superior what can you do, 
  dance on em justise, 
  this is great , rooting for y' all to make some noise, 
  jesus fuck specify which johnson in the title , thought it was joe ... my heart stopped, 
  i was a dumbass for wanting the hornets over the celtics, 
  only explanation really, 
  its 4/20 man , let it slide, 
  behind only mj in playoff blocks for a sg, 
  got it back with that justise on batum call, 
  its truly unfortunate because wade has looked better this year than his last two years, 
  that 's some good stuff, 
  by design, 
  all of this is for bosh !, 
  needs music :(, 
  one for all and all for one, 
  kyle singler, 
  dude was eating today, 
  i love him so much :'(, 
  that 's not what you say when you toss something in the trash, 
  he just walked through it , what a tank, 
  we 're taking these flame throwers straight into that nest to rape the queen bee, 
  he 's not coming back this season, 
  outstanding work, 
  hah . . i get it !, 
  how about we increase the fines for this nonsense , what 's 25k to most of these guys ? 
  i 'm a retard, 
  that 's what i mean , make it 75k and they will think twice before even attempting to flop . 
  refs have a hard enough job as it is and they make mistakes cause of this , ca n't blame them really, 
  two more games and its all over , do n't worry buddy it 'll be quick, 
  no way lol , what she say ? 
  i think everyone 's just enjoying bashing on dray not necessarily the warriors, 
  i 'm just trying to comprehend wtf he was even thinking with that, 
  lebron effect, 
  ... lebron james, 
  bro this is a historically great heat team, 
  yes !, 
  solo starts around the 4 minute mark , best part, 
  yeah fuck it , let 's pack up and leave this place, 
  what did he do ... ? 
  rondo had problems fitting into different systems , his skills never regressed, 
  wade making him look bad right now , but he 's a solid player/backup, 
  lol there 's no way, 
  pacer commies !, 
  wan na stop raptor chants at home games ? 
  let 's piss them off by confiscating their gear even though they 're contributing to the revenue of our organization . 
  pacer logic, 
  anything chris bosh gets an upvote, 
  do n't you fucking heatbro me, 
  time to rape the queen bee !, 
  bring the flamethrowers boys !, 
  heat in 4, 
  you 're trippin, 
  allow me to reintroduce myself !, 
  my name is luool , l to the u-ol, 
  i will pay luol to fuck my wife while i watch and tell her to shut up, 
  during the season he would start distributing if his shot was off and do a pretty good job at it , have n't seen that from him at all this series, 
  its why we 're shooting so bad , they should change it for game 4 ... and put a heat logo in the center, 
  it 's okay , everything is fine, 
  but we 're better, 
  terrible, 
  they needed a sweep , no way they were missing out on game of thrones tonight, 
  how can you even say that if we have n't seen him play at nba level yet ? 
  that 's got ta be dumbest shit i 've read all day, 
  that type of mentality landed bargnani in toronto, 
  my bad , i did n't know saric was an elite type prospect like lebron , i 'll study him more though, 
  toledo is surprisingly nice, 
  lol reggie miller says marcus smart should n't shoot threes as he proceeds to drain two in a row, 
  holy fuck, 
  i wish i could mute reggie miller, 
  amir was sick for y' all, 
  `` moneyball , starring brad stevens '', 
  did he even try to get in position, 
  zero flair to go with zero balls, 
  what did you expect ? 
  naw man its just cleveland things , no class in that organization what so ever, 
  he got them 2 top draft picks ... were they really expecting a championship run ? 
  byron overachieved if anything and should have gotten a raise, 
  if only that was the case for you eh, 
  when its all said and done , your hometown hero will always be remembered for winning and being successful in miami . 
  ecf banners are the only things being raised at quicken loans arena . 
  speaking of rudy gay , was n't he arguably the best player on the raptors and their whole season changed around after they traded him ? 
  2 weeks would be best case scenario, 
  this is fucking nuts, 
  nothing like florida key fishing, 
  i got 4 blunts ready rolled , and a heavy dose of horse tranquillizer if things get really stressful, 
  fuck ... this worked last time, 
  can we attack the paint please why the fuck are we playing wright, 
  no , new player i despise,
