  24 is n't really all that low for his performance imo . 
  since there have been so many great finals performances throughout the years, 
  and your historic season do n't mean a thing, 
  lol at least we can repeat, 
  thanks for confusing the fuck outta me, 
  curry is cute when he 's angry, 
  what fucking deadline ? 
  the blastephemy, 
  how does klay stay virtually the same ? 
  that would be awesome but i feel like he 's too alpha for the spurs, 
  well maybe you guys should have sucked more and missed some playoffs , kd would have stayed . 
  or sandals, 
  laker nation has no right chirping celtic fans . 
  one organization is making the right moves ... and then ... you have this, 
  5 finals, 
  3 championships, 
  yeah you guys have history of success , probably more than any other team . 
  that does n't mean that over the last five years your organization has completely embarrassed itself . 
  no we learned from your mistakes . 
  we 'll be relevant again before you , believe that . 
  i guess we 'll have to wait and see, 
  100 % , but that 's a further down the line . 
  my original comment was comparing the lakers fo to the celtics . 
  yes i was comparing barca to real , that 's who you guys are . 
  this has nothing to do with the miami expansion team . 
  everything you said is true , celtics fo did a better job in my opinion and is doing a better job . 
  do n't judge miami 's rebuild just yet when it only began . 
  all hope is lost for bennet . 
  williams never lived up to his expectations but he at least proved to be somewhat of a solid rotational player, 
  yes, 
  you mean wolves right ... ? 
  how ? 
  she has her own money, 
  she did n't come in-between wade and his ex wife, 
  whatever man , she 's not a home wrecker and that 's the point, 
  you think he took no for an answer ? 
  show some respect you imbecile , there 's plenty of videos circulating that show exactly what happened . 
  see for yourself , the blood and horror . 
  you 've got some nerve spewing this shit right now . 
  try getting a higher resolution picture . 
  this photo does n't prove shit , you 're a fucking keyboard detective . 
  scum , you 're part of the problem in today 's society . 
  hundreds of families today wish this was all fake , this is very real my friend, 
  did you not watch the fucking videos !? 
  more clear than your screenshot, 
  saric is the true croatian prospect , coming from a serb . 
  bender has promise ... but let 's be real, 
  i 've seen a couple , i ca n't right now i 'm on mobile , there 's a bunch on liveleak , is n't the video that op linked above enough to show what happened ? 
  do n't get me wrong i 'm all for a good conspiracy , maybe there was some ulterior motive to this , maybe a government agency was in on it , who knows , the facts have yet to come out . 
  to come out less than half a day of this incident with nothing but a picture , blurting that this was all fake while a whole nation is in shock along with hundreds of families is purely disrespectful imo . 
  i ca n't even take you seriously ... 
  what is this monstrosity doing to our children, 
  that 's his ceiling , yes, 
  ha-ha thanks brate , and you 're right maybe i 'm just a hater . 
  he is really fucking young , we 'll just have to wait and see, 
  warriors bandwagon has no maximum capacity, 
  damn bruh , that flair tight, 
  how fucking dare you ... 
  you 're the truth, 
  i 'm hoping 10-14, 
  come to canada , it 's peaceful and we speak french, 
  easy man , i 'm chirping . 
  every fan base gets chirpped , just tag along , do n't be all peace makey, 
  given chesapeake 's arena reputation for being loud as fuck ... i think we 're in for quite a show, 
  oh yeah , i do n't speak that mumbo jumbo, 
  fuckin catalina wine mixer, 
  olynyk, 
  those types of dudes are usually the funniest, 
  derozan is not a very good defender ... 
  nope, 
  it 's sad cause it 's true :(, 
  i am sad, 
  very sad, 
  wade was simply more complete as a player in his prime , and he did it for hell of a lot longer than rose , that 's why it 's hard to compare . 
  was that a contract clause ? 
  i was n't aware that wade took a pay cut in his prime to get paid as a vet . 
  fuck the heat, 
  to playing for the bulls, 
  man i hope he stays, 
  what hassle ? 
  27 year old tj  38 year old wade, 
  i 'm just lying to myself, 
  catchiest erdogan song, 
  why do nba coaches , executives and analysts disagree with you then ? 
  you must be a real basketball genius, 
  most of them do both at the same time , it 's really a unique skill that people rarely talk about, 
  roy, 
  oh my bad . 
  come on now ... 
  these guys have life figured out, 
  and eric gordon and solomon hill, 
  solid question, 
  he 'll join the lakers after they beat gs in the first round, 
  i bet life expectancy is the exact opposite though, 
  kind of stupid to doubt that to be honest, 
  if lebron needs 50 points to win , he 's gon na get you 50 points . 
  he 's just one of those players that can beat you with 22 points and he has no problem with that, 
  you guys were trying pretty hard last year , you did n't coast to 73 wins, 
  just cause your team was deeper does n't mean your core three guys were n't trying as hard as possible to come out with a win every single night, 
  all i 'm saying is lebron is still very capable of dropping 50 and i would n't bet against that during these next couple of years cause it can very well happen .
