  have fun, 
  too early to label davis a `` superstar '' imo, 
  true , point made . 
  cmon dude, 
  2k9 had a cool dunk contest mode, 
  clinton 's emails, 
  it was pretty lit, 
  his sister did him pretty dirty, 
  i still have n't met this jim guy everyone keeps talking about, 
  yeah i do n't like the sound of that guy , think i 'm gon na stay away like i have been, 
  i could have some parts of the story wrong , but he basically looked up to her like crazy and she always protected him . 
  then one day , when he was 8 , she told him they were going to the movies but they went to a different south side neighborhood . 
  she told him to get off the bus and that she 'll be back but she never came back and his father ( who was in on it ) came to pick him up . 
  she basically tricked him to get him away from the crime ridden area they used to live in with their mother . 
  e : `` the undeniable rise of dwyane wade '' probably explains it better , i watched it a long time ago, 
  yeah of course , but it must have crushed him at such a young age . 
  not saying she did anything wrong , took alot of guts, 
  ketchup chicken ? 
  does he eat ayeshas ass with it ? 
  should be worth more if he does, 
  no , but ass is ass, 
  he averaged 22 this season . 
  with his offensive arsenal i see him being closer to 27ppg as a first option . 
  probably competing for that scoring title, 
  xbox yeah, 
  nobody here knows wtf theyre talking about, 
  i 'm probably wrong, 
  how can i do this ? 
  i basically weight as much as him but i 'm 7 inches shorter -_-, 
  easy for lebron to coach when he has lebron on his team, 
  game 3 there is flood you win game 4 there is flood you lose, 
  game 4 no flood , you lose , no game 3 there is no flood you lose, 
  well safe to say i do n't need to stay up till 12 for trophy ceremony since there wo n't be one tonight , goodnight friends, 
  how much do refs make a year in salary ? 
  damn i could use a little back scratch, 
  varejao needs to get knocked the fuck out in a dark alley in chicago, 
  the brazilian sort of blurr, 
  i think klay has more tos than completed passes, 
  refs really trying not to make this a 30pt blowout , abc noticed a bunch of tv sets being shut off, 
  no shot clock free for all shit show !, 
  jar crowder and avery bradley plus pick ? 
  oj is innocent, 
  so much for going to bed at a reasonable time, 
  let 's just turn fouls and fatigue off, 
  dammit i ca n't chirp tts contract i feel like anymore, 
  the purge is probably the dumbest series of movies ... 
  cuuttt ittt, 
  anyone buying the curry 2s ? 
  yeahhh i agree, 
  dahntay jones back from his suspension making an impact, 
  draymond mouth must be drier than the moon, 
  part of cavs game plan, 
  late night bowl of cereal it is then, 
  early soft fouls on steph really changed the way this games ending, 
  lebron took a shit this morning bigger than steph himself, 
  every grey hair in lebrons beard is a crushed soul #sacrifice, 
  mvp, 
  he actually qualifies for being built different, 
  not like his foot, 
  wow , that is the most impressive . 
  yeah , they can give it to you inside and out, 
  cavs seem to do the same , game 7 shall be litter than all piss, 
  imagine she files for divorce if he loses, 
  on father 's day . 
  how fitting, 
  is steph hitler now ? 
  he did, 
  brond james, 
  do n't you hate that ? 
  when a player has all the tools he needs to be a 16ppg player , but just ca n't string it together . 
  go win shampionchip brond james :'( u r gud dad, 
  there 's tribes in the middle of fucking nowhere africa who know who mj is . 
  ... how, 
  ommmmmmgggggg, 
  think he 's referring to his suspension . 
  lol a minute and 11 second break !, 
  but i was wrong, 
  amazing, 
  this ai n't 2k . 
  adding durant to this team could potentially make them worse , especially their first year together . 
  these warriors won 73 as a team, 
  dude ... irving does n't compare at all to wade . 
  everyone on r/nba knows this, 
  heat fans are gon na hate this , but , what 's better motivation than that ?!, 
  lebron clearly looks at cleveland different than anyone else . 
  he believed he could win there and the stuck it to all the doubters . 
  great career decision lebron !!, 
  yeah i agree it 's pretty annoying , wade is to miami what lebron is to cleveland , irving ai n't shit but a good player though . 
  fuck em , let them enjoy this victory , they sure as hell deserve it, 
  go win more shampionchips brond james !, 
  you can do it, 
  fuck pat riley, 
  i did not know this, 
  ... i was n't being serious, 
  blow it up, 
  you continue on with your life, 
  lol holy fuck i 'm dumb !!, 
  i actually do i just do n't even know how to explain myself right now, 
  pitbull i 'm guessing, 
  when you 're as good as golden state and you 're 1 win away from the ship and you lose 3 straight , with game 5 and 7 at home , with you star player performing like ass ... you choked,
