  wade 's value is more than just on court production, 
  i 'm guessing you like the rockets, 
  he 's coming back, 
  metta , to me , is definitely one of the more interesting characters, 
  mat leave, 
  one rudy for mcbob please, 
  yeah thanks to you guys , good job, 
  not necessarily, 
  i think this list is pretty terrible , pistons are be between 4-6 for sure . 
  he 's the reason i stay away from true hoop, 
  nets fans 3 hours ago : '' well tj is 110 % ours now '', 
  it really is, 
  yeah , we could not match and let the nets take that gamble on, 
  i 'm sure the heat will use him better in their system than you have , no offense . 
  and honestly this is just riley filling out the roster , doubt there 's too much expectation going into this , what 's 6 mil nowadays anyways ? 
  that 's what i mean , he 's just a body ... but if there 's anything he can at least try to contribute to , its shooting , something the heat lack desperately , so what 's the risk for them, 
  i think he 's gon na improve drastically, 
  lol, 
  i 've had better imo, 
  honestly even for 50mil there 's nobody better than tj left right now . 
  might as well pay up to a guy who 's familiar with our team and has lots of potential than bring in some scrubs . 
  sounds super bad when you put it that way but it is what it is man , the gamble is basically 27 year old tj should be more valuable than 37 year old wade, 
  i enjoy doing things, 
  no way lol , i just want our young guys to get 30 + mins a game, 
  we 're * special *, 
  cause he 's cheaper than wade, 
  hassan and dragic did n't sign up for a tank job though , i do n't think riley is looking to make this team successful through tanking . 
  maybe one down year next year like 2015 , get a pick and attack free agency, 
  drajick dragick drajich drazick, 
  perdle, 
  perdle, 
  pass the torch, 
  yes, 
  he is , not sure why you 're getting downvoted , i 'm guessing you meant it in a good way, 
  how is he gone, 
  i thought i was looking forward to this year 's free agency, 
  nobody 's expecting us to be a top tier team this year like the rockets last year, 
  wades legacy vs riley 's future, 
  hopefully 82 game suspension, 
  why not try and squeeze some money out of it ? 
  always believe in win shampionchip, 
  ... harden ? 
  holy fuck , it 's sad when you look back on okc immense talent, 
  continue to win, 
  the whole thing, 
  lebron is not a normal human being . 
  i 'm not even sure he 's human to say the least, 
  i approve, 
  wtf ? 
  but we 're contenders with 35 year old wade ? 
  he could n't be around forever, 
  perdle, 
  story checks out , read it over, 
  i 'm happy he looks happy at least, 
  no it 's just a bs rumor, 
  this is what dragic wanted ever since he left phoenix , to run his own offense . 
  it worked okay side by side with wade , but now he has nothing but young legs at his disposal , your prediction is n't * too * far-fetched, 
  why ? ... it 's a historic throwback ... buddy, 
  let 's start a friendship, 
  he 's clearly a prince lifer, 
  doubt he opts out of 23.5 mil, 
  it 's pretty similar to basketball i guess , i used to play it when i lived in germany . 
  demar , goat raptor, 
  you do n't seem to understand , wade would take 20 mil from us , riley will not give 20mil to wade next season . 
  i see him signing back with us when his production truly diminishes , as a 37-38 year old . 
  sort of like kg with the wolves, 
  has it come to this ? 
  / r/roastme, 
  for those of you that want a really good chuckle , check out the `` top : all-time '' posts, 
  we 'll just put your roasting on hold untill you guys fail miserably , untill then you 're probably right, 
  utter shit music , must agree, 
  i 'd kiss something else, 
  of course , i am keeping my fingers crossed for that scenario, 
  god damn it, 
  do n't mean a thing without a ring though, 
  well i mean he kinda did ... he did n't wan na flat out just say it so he pissed wade off to the point where he got the message and left . 
  well yeah that 's what i mean , whether it was 41mil or 50 mil , it would n't have changed anything . 
  wade did n't feel wanted , and rightfully so , that 's the message riley got across . 
  adding insult to injury from the past to the present, 
  is a bitch, 
  crazy, 
  wade 's role on the team did n't play any part in his departure , i do n't know what this guy 's talking about . 
  listen to ethan skolnicks mini interview with dan le batard on the whole situation and it will all be clear, 
  we 're gon na suck guys but look at this solid bunch of young fucking talent !!, 
  excited, 
  i did this online on 2k , game winning possession after a dirty ass come back . 
  i was mad, 
  nope , the front office did their job correctly and put themselves in prime position to land kd . 
  they built this team without a top 3 pick . 
  are you thinking what i 'm thinking ? 
  winslow, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever get bored of watching lebron win championships, 
  ok since these are so fucking awesome , you got ta make 26 more, 
  i will personally retrieve riley 's head back to our camp, 
  okc wins this trade all day considering its only a 1 year rental, 
  is it actually good or just nostalgic ? 
  if bosh is back healthy for a full season ... we are alot better than 8-10 . 
  i think westbrook wants to get traded to the team that plays gsw first next season, 
  cause he did n't really put the team on his back doe, 
  wasnt saying that at all .
