  did i stutter ? 
  did n't touch it for a month after i beat zelda . 
  i dont know , it was a compulsive buy ... and probably also a compulsive sell . 
  only lost like 50 $ on it cause they were still so scarce at the time . 
  good find, 
  purple sex , molly purple sex, 
  few weeks before the tourney started i said kp is the only player capable of carrying an entire team by himself this year . 
  now i 'm hoping i 'm wrong but so far he 's eating us alive . 
  good rally back boys after being down early !!!, 
  i would n't either but he 's not wrong . 
  eurobasket has n't had a special talent like kp since pau , except spain was always a good team and program . 
  kp is a one man wrecking ball, 
  you 're definitely right , forgot about dirk , goes to show how hard it is to win this tournament as a lone star . 
  that 's why countries wirh strong programs like spain serbia and france are usually at the top . 
  he has the right to choose which country to represent . 
  do n't hate, 
  damn good job celts, 
  what a fucking beast !, 
  teo passing the torch, 
  great fucking game . 
  i would be, 
  fuck the rules, 
  i remember that terrifying feeling in gradeschool when you 're going back to school shopping . 
  hated it , fuck binders and pens and shit . 
  flair checks out, 
  how do you feel about the new downtown arena ? 
  how many players had game winners against the warriors last year ? 
  yeah im in windsor at the moment ( long story ) . 
  loved going to the palace to catch some games but this year i 'll be able to go whenever , and at least i can bus there and get tanked at the games . 
  i miss being hated, 
  stay salty dan we love you, 
  was n't it his olympic number before he even came to miami ? 
  i am aware of the mistake i made . 
  not all music is meant to be played around groups of people . 
  i 'm sure you have a few personal songs that you like to unwind to yourself and might feel embarrassed to play infront of your freinds . 
  17 is n't a club banger . 
  meanwhile i see alot of people here saying fuck love was the best track , only because it has that mainstream auto-tuned uzi vibe to it . 
  jesus christ that was video game like, 
  probably thought you uneducated utah fans would n't catch that, 
  why do i still believe that josh smith could benefit from a heavy dose culture ? 
  i 'm watching one right now on my kodi box . 
  from firstrowsports.ge link1, 
  ca n't win with 16 turnovers and russia on fire from 3 . 
  i 'm drinking this one away, 
  we shot a high percent on 2pt fgs but could n't hit shit from 3 and did n't even have too many attempts . 
  russia was letting it fly, 
  it 'd be crazy if at the end it was all just a trip, 
  the slovenian process, 
  yeah slovenia is actually 80 % black, 
  you 're gon na buy it who are you kidding, 
  god i hope those pure 3pt centers are weak as fuck and ca n't do anything else but shoot . 
  that 's my opinion as well , but i do swtch it up sometimes for a more realistic effect . 
  fast break dunks look alot better in broadcast . 
  this is soccer asshole, 
  my nerves hurt and lately i 'm on edge , grabbed xxxtentacion and ripped out his blonde dreads, 
  dragic with the clutch ass lefty fall away layup . 
  the dirty left, 
  mvp of the tourney so far, 
  steven adams and eve, 
  never heard of that clause in a custody case . 
  can you back that up ? 
  bruh ... 
  weird for me it 's 333 . 
  hope that 's not a bad thing , but if it is it would explain some things . 
  yeah i constantly see 3:33 am/pm . 
  not sure if i can directly relate it to any positive benefits but i like to believe it does . 
  but its entertaining, 
  literally on opening night 80 % of players will be 90 + overall, 
  not really a guarantee . 
  to stay a top in europe you need more than a few talented players . 
  yeah this is actually a pretty solid team, 
  yeah . 
  shoot that bitch 24/7, 
  how do we see that ? 
  ca n't you just buy your way to it ? 
  yeah im just saying even last year the majority of the players just bought their way to 88-89 and then grinded from there on out . 
  do n't know too many people that grind all the way up from 55, 
  he 's talking out of his ass cause he clearly does n't even know about kobe being held to 8 points . 
  just a glimpse of what 's to come to brooklyn this season, 
  not gon na lie , we got bailed put by that call . 
  that 6 point swing was huge, 
  top 3, 
  for real , there are quite alot of things i would n't give up weed for, 
  post was asking for a stupid reason . 
  i would n't have to if i was good enough . 
  hell no, 
  but they got old man carter smh, 
  nash looks like a meth head, 
  i do all the time , i took a 6 month break and now i 'm super lightweight in terms of smoking . 
  my comment was n't meant to be taken quite literally , i 'm productive but smoking is more my thing than drinking . 
  he was a pretty good mentor his last year here to our young guys . 
  it 's easy to single out wade on last year 's bulls , he had zero ties to the organization/coach and yeah the young players were mostly scrubs . 
  the world is yours . . . maplevictus dicktus, 
  i 've been saying that, 
  i dont know why kp is n't dominating, 
  i 'm aware of that . 
  i just though he would look better than he has . 
  not that he looks terrible or anything . 
  tell jane you 're taking the weekend off and she can stay at the office and give you live updates on how it 's going . 
  no , it 's end times season,
