excalibur, 
  if that 's considered big then i got nothing to worry about, 
  beautiful car man, 
  awesome idea man !, 
  must be a nice family, 
  that 's extremely romantic :'(, 
  i had a hit of acid kick in not until the next day at work when my boss asked me to sit down and have a beer , i guess the beer stimulated the acid ... 
  this is clearly focusing on his shot attempts which depicts a remarkable difference, 
  whats a pun ? 
  i hate how he says `` pokemon '' ... 
  spots like this make me wan na pack up all my shit , sell my wife to some albanian mafia , put my kid in an orphanage , fake my own death and cash my accidental death life insurance policy and move to wherever you lucky ents live ... . . great smoke spot, 
  there is nothing absurd about it . 
  yugoslavia was on her way , this all he meant . 
  great story , but i 'm sorry to say this and maybe some people would agree with me . 
  in my opinion it was a rather disappointing ending . 
  sure it was happy , but i was expecting a twisted open ended finale . 
  great feeling is n't it ? 
  enjoy the next 2-3 years smoking when you please and doing as you wish , cause you 're gon na spend the following 5 trying to catch up on things you should have done a long time ago . 
  never said it makes you lazy . 
  but it can easily be abused , just like fast food or anything in general , with negative consequences as well . 
  i still smoke everyday but nowhere near as much as i used to during my late teens . 
  relax , i did n't mean anything personal . 
  keep up what you 're doing that 's great . 
  all i meant was that it 's easy to mix up your priorities if you 're constantly smoking weed . 
  that does n't necessarily have to apply to you . 
  cheers, 
  no other team should be paying wade other than miami , give the man his hard earned money !, 
  this is so damn frustrating, 
  i wish i had three other dudes passing me the ball when i shoot around , makes it look so much easier, 
  you still have to go grab the ball though , which is annoying as piss . 
  unless you have some sort of gravity bracelet that 's hooked up to the ball via bluetooth which automatically brings the ball back into your hands , in perfect shooting position, 
  autopsy report showed there was nothing of the sort in her system . 
  i think the initial report was that she had mental issues . 
  that being said , there is still a lot that does n't add up in this case . 
  somebody did their research . 
  thanks for the info !, 
  ... i 'm too nervous to watch - . -, 
  what happened to world trade centre tower 7 ? 
  that 's a nice marijuana . 
  much bad wrapping job, 
  lol `` wet pig '' - mokroprase, 
  that is awesome man !, 
  weird, 
  delly doin dellyicious tings out here my bredrens, 
  so many red neck comments , all you people saying `` stone her , shoot her '' you guys are the true scum . 
  isis is using weapons given to them by the people that were put in power thanks to you american redneck dumb asses . 
  edit : down vote all you want, 
  nope , just being real . 
  i think america as a country is great . 
  unfortunately some of its citizens happen to be very close minded . 
  yeah but your labia smells, 
  ca n't stand people that bullshit about strains like that . 
  `` hey bro this shit just landed from planet xenon and only i happen to have it '', 
  edit : i 'm sorry i 'm dumb for calling it strands . 
  the salad bar, 
  my mom happens to be beautiful , in her mid 40s . 
  anybody else find this game to get very boring ... very quick ? 
  they were . 
  they were constructed by a lot more heavier material , i have an authentic shaq one and they are basically double laced with that synthetic gloss finish . 
  all the new gear is focused on weight reduction and ventilation, 
  safe to say mj is a full blown racist . 
  this is what some people do n't understand . 
  i would take less money to play in miami ( 19 in miami ... still making good money ), 
  who the hell wouldnt wan na be 19 playing for miami !, 
  he 's not gon na be a bad player , but he should n't have went that high . 
  hypothetically ... could make a huge impact and/or difference in not only your life , but others as well . 
  hypothetically , if tupac was alive why doesnt he destroy these idiots on the radio and make all of our lives better . 
  just get rid of ross please, 
  ask yourself if monta is a future hof ... 
  congratulations you just answered your own question !, 
  chris bosh should be paying him under the table . 
  118 mil man ? 
  come on this is why the heat are in this dumb ass situation . 
  sadly , the business side makes sense . 
  yeah ... he is ... you 're actually right on the money . 
  edit : ok you 're right , he 's not . 
  i got carried away . 
  but , kg/milsap is n't a similar comparison since the numbers are n't even close . 
  monta actually produces , i 'm not saying he 's bad . 
  he just is n't the full package that wade is . 
  if we 're comparing prime years , then my original statement still stands . 
  based on what ? 
  man , d wade throws up some of the nicest lobs . 
  such a underrated passer, 
  yes . 
  i believe their ceiling is very high . 
  considering they retain wade and dragi\u0107 . 
  their bench could use a little fine tuning , hence why they parted ways with beasley again . 
  i expect the godfather to work his magic again this off season and have a very well established ball club yet again . 
  wade loves competing against lebron , which is why i would love to see him stay with miami . 
  old school duel , new school teams, 
  yep , third time is not the charm in his case with miami . 
  lets hope this means there 's something left over for wade - . -, 
  god i hope your friend is right . 
  how . . ? 
  well i 'm hoping they will ... i doubt they give him up to another team, 
  i want davis back in toronto man, 
  sad reality is that if they re sign wade , chances are slim they get to keep whiteside if he has another monster year :'(, 
  d wade is playing with my life support, 
  toronto has a lot of great multi cultural eateries,
