  you 're not wrong . 
  man carrol has not been what he was supposed to be for you guys , what a shame smh, 
  hope not, 
  i , for one , agree with you . 
  what 's the point of making playoffs this year, 
  stephs doing the thing again, 
  was n't too exposed in college, 
  i 'd pay your fine too bro, 
  this meme making its way to top 10 status quickly, 
  woah woah woah i said it 's making its way there . 
  maybe by next week, 
  he did n't have the chance to play like this obviously playing alongside russ and kd . 
  when one team is desperate it does, 
  i 'm not saying they 're dumb enough to do it . 
  but it makes sense for dallas to have a high asking price like this, 
  literally the basis of negotiating . 
  start the bar high . 
  the whole league knows you guys need a pg cause of lebron . 
  how the fuck is milo a nazi ? 
  jesus christ , nevermind, 
  i thought he was hilarious, 
  feel like i 'm one of the few that finds eddie hilarious, 
  who the fuck honestly got paid to design this pile of shit . 
  what a pathetic way to live life . 
  as if the quality of your life has dropped so dramatically in his two weeks as president . 
  yao looked a little annoyed, 
  what a great song, 
  lebrons not ready to pass the torch to yogi, 
  but he won . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure donald trump won, 
  meh , for him it is . 
  highly doubt the quality of your life will decrease cause of him . 
  that 's what i was . 
  but clearly i thought i was t.i. 
  did n't he stop the pippen for mcgrady trade or something like that ? 
  why is dan gilbert rocking a heat flair ? 
  you 're saying i do n't look cool as fuck ? 
  i 'm unsure ... yeah i was a kid at the time . 
  what 's wrong with that, 
  no i 'm pretty sure the trade was for the rights to draft mcgrady, 
  and when there 's nobody to defend him, 
  never too late for that, 
  wearing a blanket helps, 
  there it is, 
  we got ta keep dion, 
  i 'm a dad now, 
  #intensity intensifying, 
  lol that was a sweep, 
  why are you pissed off, 
  you 're better off picking up verjao or just leave that spot open, 
  seasonal weather really is the best tbh . 
  coming from somebody who used to switch up alot from up north to florida . 
  same here . 
  but he got a chance . 
  this miami heat squad is a perfect situation for a player to showcase his talent . 
  and he just could n't string it together . 
  he knew where love was that whole time , this is awesome , this is what he does . 
  hey no need to insult , he was great , and will be remmebered as great if not legendary, 
  i 'm on that `` fuck the warriors '' tip too . 
  but steph curry will be remembered differently than what you 're saying . 
  they literally stole the supersonics ? 
  wade was n't pushed out of miami . 
  dion waiters is just that superstar, 
  shit just is n't funny anymore . 
  plus delonte was dealing with some serious shit not too long ago, 
  i find him and bill burr so alike . 
  one reps boston the other ny . 
  i hope you 're ready, 
  it 'd be hilarious if melo made a vote/poll type thing on twitter asking fans who they want out , melo or phil/dolan . 
  i 'm with you on that . 
  this is ugly and melo definitely does not deserve it, 
  `` talk trash to me !? 
  i 'm devin booker !, 
  8 time world champion and 6 time olympic gold medalist ! '', 
  top five top five top five ... 
  whiteside is more skilled than drummond , and whiteside might not even be top 5, 
  are you fucking kidding me, 
  i gilded somebody here for my first time ever cause the comment made me laugh so hard . 
  but the post got removed i guess ... feelsbadman, 
  ca n't quite remember , but it was in a knicks drama thread/post . 
  guy said something like, 
  `` after boston robbed brooklyn blind of its future and picks , you 'd really have to be something special to be the biggest dumpster fire in ny , so congrats you guys did it '', 
  he probably worded it better though, 
  and we should not be ahead of them in the standings, 
  except ad carried a team to the playoffs, 
  `` we thought he needed help in the bathroom '', 
  i 'm sure they would much rather have bosh out on the court playing . 
  unfortunately that simply can not happen due to his medical condition . 
  seriously , nobody is thinking of the children, 
  now james johnson is one of our 7 stars, 
  yes, 
  this is the biggest fucking trap game this season . 
  i hope our boys go out there acting like they 're playing against golden state . 
  would be silly to not make it 13 in a row against brooklyn, 
  do n't understand why some of you are upset he had a good game . 
  he did n't have a role with us , we did him a favor by letting him go . 
  i wish him nothing but the best, 
  settle down derrick, 
  is dion still out ? 
  swiss army knife stats,
