  damn i might be underestimating how bad we are . 
  this is great, 
  why 's he got ta be so scary looking, 
  you really are a social potato, 
  miami , cause sunset, 
  word, 
  you fucking mad man, 
  would you rather have a lebron lebron ? 
  or a russ trip dub ? 
  those are sick, 
  stuff you ? 
  bennie gon na be crying himself to sleep tonight, 
  winning by popular vote does n't make any sense . 
  educate yourself . 
  the electoral college works . 
  cause winning by popular vote wouldnt be very `` democratic '', 
  ... i 'm really not sure you quite understand how this works, 
  inbox me your secret , i 'm finding it impossible, 
  bulls med team at it again, 
  sacrifice bosh for a shot at the title ? 
  i think it 's worth it, 
  he 's not that old , and his injury is n't really physical . 
  i 'm sure he 's still in too physical condition . 
  perfect stretch 4, 
  tyranny by majority . 
  simply is n't fair . 
  i 'm not a trump supporter but the guy won fair and square and deserves a chance . 
  people are mad at him when they should be mad at the dnc for forcing a candidate down the american people 's throats . 
  the election process is n't a simple show of hands like you would do in a classroom . 
  drama queen . 
  focus on your own life , no president has that much influence over you . 
  quit buying into the media 's narrative, 
  like obama and bush, 
  which is what we intend on doing, 
  that 's it . 
  people overestimate how power a president holds . 
  congress makes the decisions , and there are way more powerful and influential people in america than the president . 
  build your own little micro-cosmos , take care of your family and treat others the way you wan na be treated . 
  no president will ever get in the way of that . 
  wish it was gordon instead, 
  probably best not to . 
  we 're all friends, 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not trumps fault . 
  beautiful picture, 
  no shit . 
  what 's he supposed to hold on to them ? 
  what i think he 's saying is that trump 's showing is pretty typical . 
  bush had around 400,000 and clinton around the same . 
  obama was the outlier at 1.8 million due to the historic event of his election . 
  guarantee you more than half the bullshit he promised to do wo n't even happen . 
  care to elaborate ? 
  yes, 
  do n't these people have jobs ? 
  or they all welfare cases with nothing better to do ? 
  right but that being said . 
  why the panic ? 
  during his term nothing will change drastically , people ned to chill . 
  i happen to be at work making 60k a year, 
  same, 
  childish buffoons, 
  attending a peaceful inauguration and hitting the streets rioting are two very different things . 
  i 'm guessing the rioters do n't have anything better to do while those in attendance of the inauguration are regular working class citizens . 
  easy going job, 
  here are the losers, 
  ahh sign holders , those guys are truly the change they wan na see in the world . 
  nothing is more powerful than standing outside yelling obnoxiously while holding a sign . 
  all forms of protest are a joke to me . 
  i uphold neither . 
  move on with your life , create your own happiness . 
  trust me bro , i 'm no trump supporter . 
  his stance on climate change is beyond retarded if you ask me . 
  i might be nonchalant cause i 'm not in the us , but i truly believe that citizens of the us might be slightly overreacting to this . 
  the guy is not hitler , just another corporate scum that managed to get into the white house , not the first and wo n't be the last, 
  work smart not hard champ . 
  do n't break your back for a millionaire owner/boss . 
  if done properly and with the masses , yes they can bring about change . 
  acting like sore losers because your desired candidate did n't win does n't really fall into the category of the historic events you listed off . 
  that 's a terrible attitude to have in my opinion , ca n't be teaching kids to.jusy cry about things when stuff does n't go their way . 
  not directly business moguls , but every president is in somebody 's pocket . 
  bush with cheney and haliburton is a good example . 
  sure they 're allowed to do as they please . 
  wo n't attain a thing though except being a nuisance . 
  for the record , i do n't support trump . 
  i do n't even live in the us . 
  i just think people are overreacting to trump being the next hitler . 
  i get it , you 're allowed to be upset , it 's politics . 
  plenty of countries have presidents/prime minister 's / dictators that the majority of people are n't too fond of . 
  all this shit will blow over after a couple of years once people realize that trump was full of shit and holds no actual power . 
  which is why to me these `` protests '' render useless . 
  yeah cause 4 years of trump is gon na melt away earth 's fucking ice cap, 
  * heated *, 
  canada doing shit right, 
  thank you joel embiid, 
  bruno caboclo is paying for it, 
  klan members confirmed, 
  things change at 10 turnovers, 
  it 's like 2pac but with a t, 
  do n't worry you guys got this ... . pls, 
  what change will come about it though ? 
  what resistance ?
