  seriously though when do we actually transition into the age of aquarius ? 
  or has it happened already, 
  eggs are great for you , stop spreading disinfo, 
  people like you discredit this sub, 
  you got your phd through youtube videos im assuming . 
  no i do n't touch subjects that i ca n't personally back up with facts . 
  i 've been eating eggs my entire life probably every day , eggs have been consumed for thousands of years by humans . 
  chicken , quail , ostrich etc. 
  so you 're a doctor and a dietician ? 
  i 'm sorry i had no idea . 
  i 'll stop eating eggs , you convinced me, 
  you 're saying i 'm addicted to eggs ? 
  jesus this keeps getting better, 
  remember to report any drug dealers to authorities if they are raising prices ahead of this hurricane . 
  billy king the high roller, 
  whoever is playing with haarp needs to fuck off, 
  mike tyson eastern conference mvp, 
  i always go with a rebounding/defending pf rodman type player , always kills it cause he can hold centers and has lateral quickness to switch on most sfs, 
  his second paragraph is spot on , literally took the words right out of my mouth, 
  bruh that dogs a zombie, 
  onion ringgss ernehh, 
  that 's why paying or not paying players according to a single playoff series is stupid . 
  detroit actually did ok 2 years ago, 
  tbf cleveland also gave one away, 
  i actually think he will average 7ppg this season, 
  yeah youre right , i want fat old man shaq, 
  that 's actually sick, 
  conspiracy to kill off the elderly ? 
  tell him to evacuate, 
  is that cuba ? 
  can we not meme on here ? 
  everything on r/nba needs to be ranked and argued, 
  of course they are ... mines pre ordered through amazon, 
  currys behind the back pass to klay, 
  even without giannis i was expecting greece to be still relatively good ... what the hell happened, 
  this is great, 
  wow that 's not a smart recipe for success in this tournament : /, 
  yeahh that was a magical year for us . 
  and really anything can happen as long as you make it out of the group stage . 
  yes we did , i see what you mean now . 
  little exaggeration which is why you got downvoted , but there was a good post about a month ago which explained the negatives of having a team built around lebron , he almost constantly needs to be on the floor orchestrating for the team to achieve success . 
  i 'm sure you could , but the post was talking about all the teams he 's had so far , not so much hypotheticals . 
  my uncle in fort lauderdale said he 's waiting for it on his porch with a drink on his hand . 
  god damn floridians , everything is just about having a good time . 
  denzel washington probably flying that plane like fuck ittt i got this, 
  trash list , trash reasoning, 
  fleeced, 
  only way celtics lost this trade is if kyrie dies on opening night, 
  you got philly over miami . 
  meet me right now and square up im close to ohio , come catch these hands, 
  my bad , i 'll stay in my lane, 
  honestly i 'm about to give him my hip , i do n't even use mine, 
  is it like perfectly safe in there ? 
  what are conditions like inside the eye of a hurricane ? 
  sorry i 'm kind of a weather noob, 
  what 's a standard or fair buyout for 24mil ? 
  heyyyyy i want that flair !!, 
  `` good thing im coming on you '', 
  come on bro , that 's gross, 
  i dont think so , the clinton foundation just finished building their 5th home in haiti . 
  not sure they could afford to just tear them back down . 
  i 'd honestly love to have niko on our squad, 
  i 'm an idiot , thought this was about mirotic, 
  6 `` 11 rebounding/defending pf long arms . 
  gives you more than enough strength to battle down low and the lateral quickness to switch onto sfs so you 're not a complete liability when facing a smaller team, 
  those people are the reason trump won, 
  imagine phile traded this magnificent human, 
  i used to do it when i was cool as fuck, 
  easy bro i wake up at 8:30 am, 
  serbia is my team but slovenia has been amazing they are my dark horse to reach the final . 
  spain looks invincible, 
  why is my mind boggled by this feat, 
  ok there mr.ballmovement, 
  same here in canada, 
  17-18 heat, 
  would n't be my lowest point in life tbh, 
  drank pat rileys bath water :(, 
  pretty whack i 'll beast on that ass see you next week punk lil bitch, 
  you were n't there . 
  you ai n't seen what i seen . 
  what 's the word on reggie ? 
  last i heard he 's still taking it easy on his knee and is n't training to vigorously, 
  yes reggie of house jackson, 
  damn that 's not really good, 
  clips got themselves a real one, 
  he 's been a pretty steady and standard decline . 
  people are surprised the heat would rather start waiters and i 'm not sure why , dion can keep up with gorans offense at the very least . 
  wade would be great off the bench on any team really . 
  i ball in yeezys, 
  would you have him as a starter ? 
  honestly curious i think all of our guards are n't true starting calibre guards . 
  ummm i was praising wade for how he declined because i was replying to the guy above me who deleted his comment saying he was surprised how quickly wade fell off a cliff . 
  buying him out at 20mil would absolutely pointless for the bulls fo . 
  10-12 range is what they 're hoping for i 'm sure . 
  so come here then, 
  man just hijacking this post cause i dont wan na be that guy making another face scan post . 
  but has anybody face scan data upload been stuck at 47 % ? 
  same shit happened to me and i played the prelude with just the generic black guy . 
  so frustrating, 
  5 '10 sharpshooting/rebounding point guard,
