  it 's like they all sound the same . 
  when i read a quality post , it 's a completely different voice, 
  hold this l, 
  whack ass facebook link, 
  they 'll be alright . 
  they have the boban, 
  why is everyone taking this question serious and actually responding to it ? 
  just you wait for clutch wade iso , you 're gon na love it, 
  rangers so good at errors in the playoffs, 
  cause their off season experiments usually do n't pan out, 
  seen him on south beach facing the water with his fists up ready to scrap, 
  happy, 
  mint, 
  who was edwin talking to ? 
  getting super high for this inning, 
  the score, 
  lavine does n't have the power to cram on people like vc used to . 
  let alone the balls or swagger, 
  so it 's gon na be a slug fest eh, 
  strike outs for harambe, 
  lol fuck outta here , texan neckbeard, 
  alot can change in an hour, 
  fuck i wish i knew that ... how do i get the park points ? 
  jesus fucking christ , fuck this game, 
  screw that man , my guys good enough just disappointed i did n't get my rebound full as a glass cleaner, 
  change that view, 
  how you get that glass cleaner badge, 
  that 's it ? 
  you done fucked up just like me, 
  sums up our offseason, 
  everybody wants to be portland, 
  warriors have a shot too , would n't be so quick to dismiss them, 
  dude ... every mock draft had him top 5, 
  wish i could somehow prove it , i remember seeing him top 5 , early on of course . 
  ca n't take mock drafts seriously anyways but he really was regarded as a huge talent, 
  did you seriously make a pre season game thread to chirp miami ? 
  looool, 
  damn i feel bad for you . 
  if relapse was what got into rap then you 're missing out . 
  recovery and relapse are what i like to call `` bottom shelf '' eminem albums, 
  lebron wo n't save you this time around, 
  so purchased this muffler for my 2004 xterra , in the item description it says it will fit my model but i completely missed the tittle says 2000-2002 . 
  it already shipped and i ca n't cancel the purchase . 
  will i be able to rig this thing up even if i have to do some welding ? 
  or am i completely screwed ? 
  not too familiar with exhaust systems, 
  sort of , know a group of guys at a shop they 'll be doing it after hours , so no i do n't plan on doing the actual work myself, 
  honestly wish he somehow ended up on the cavs . 
  yeah i 'd be salty as piss but it would give him a great shot at that 4th ring , plus i think he kind of fits and would have an interesting role on that team . 
  i do n't know if he would want to come off the bench , but i see him as like a super sub . 
  now that i think about it , it 's actually a horrendous fit , he would have to sacrifice a whole lot and completely change his play style , sure he 'd be useful but a major drop in production . 
  i rather see him in a cavs uniform and potentially knock off gsw than watch durant hoist one like a bitch, 
  i 'd love me some rudy in souf beach, 
  what ? 
  no , i 'd be happy to watch wade succeed in cleveland that 's all i 'm saying . 
  how though ? 
  i was rooting for the cavs last year against golden state . 
  i 'll be rooting for them this year as well , having wade on that team just gives me more reason to cheer them on, 
  probably give my mom like 50k a week, 
  except my mom ai n't lazy , and she 's proven that over the last 25 years taking care of my ass . 
  why not let her be lazy the rest of her life, 
  you contributed, 
  honestly , every team has something interesting about them this year and worth watching . 
  but they have the capability . 
  hezonja is probably the weakest link of the names mentioned . 
  i do n't see him being a starter anytime soon . 
  but you did say * half * of these guys still have to prove they can keep a starting position . 
  he 's on team skins, 
  could have just told us instead, 
  wow thanks for spoiling the article . 
  marc stein is an og in the game and deserves to be read, 
  rio has 2 rings , kd has 0 . 
  only thing i see going wrong is kd staying at 0 rings, 
  this guy has so much bust potential, 
  yeah that kid looks awesome, 
  i agree with you , but i also believe that if you stack up any of lebrons teams against any of those teams , he would find a way to get it done . 
  actually you can cross off a few on that list already, 
  fair point , i agree the first round for lebron has basically been a write off . 
  but he 's had his fair share of close calls in the conference semis and finals . 
  especially during his 4 year miami run . 
  still do n't think it 's fair to hold a weaker conference against him , i mean we do n't do it for magic and the showtime lakers in the west during the 80s . 
  luck and timing is a huge factor in all major league sports . 
  this graph perfectly depicts wade and kobes similarities ... and differences . 
  great stuff, 
  well ... he has himself, 
  nice try , moved out at 17 , but momma 's always got my back that 's all i meant, 
  god damn it , who even let this guy sit down on the bus, 
  only 50 mil for this gem ... . hah, 
  cause it 's smarter . 
  plain and simple . 
  i think it 's the greatest accomplishment in the whole world of ever, 
  not to mention stephs father is still playing in the nba, 
  atlanta, 
  not in houston, 
  steph would get rekt by his dad, 
  dell ai n't his real dad, 
  those baby blue nets jerseys are fireeee, 
  whiteside in cleveland, 
  it 's simple , dont leave none of them open, 
  those guys have been in the league 7 + years .
