  who wins though in a seven game series ? 
  13 ' heat or 17 ' cavs ? 
  cue mark jackson, 
  not in san antonio, 
  clearly no churros up north, 
  stop man, 
  this is n't coty award dumbass, 
  whole lotta nba coaches seem to disagree with you, 
  you will if you run into the lebron in the playoffs, 
  which makes him a great 3rd option, 
  demar will carry this team to a win today, 
  damn why are people so upset about this award ? 
  is it that controversial ? 
  it 's basically just acknowledgement for spo from the other coaches , as in they were pleased with what they saw him accomplish . 
  big fucking deal , i 'm sure spo would have rather made the playoffs than share this award . 
  damn . 
  what was this sub like back then ? 
  demar , cause when he shoots it , it goes in, 
  how ? 
  out of every time , it works 41 % of the time every time . 
  all the time, 
  i see alot of raptor fans having issues with his attitude come playoffs , and i do n't blame them . 
  lmao my bad , references are hard to spot our at times : /, 
  fuck me if toronto is n't one of the most beautiful skylines of north america, 
  who fucking cares, 
  dude , biyombo, 
  basically , his jumper looks smoothe in the mid range , but looks like shit in long range form if that makes any sense, 
  boy just got swept , let him vent, 
  can confirm . 
  hate the game , always bitch about it , always go back to playing and 2k probably made 500 $ off me this year . 
  if you could buy the mt coins ... i 'd easily spend over 1000 $ on it, 
  lol ... rip bank account, 
  i agree , it 's not like it 's 500 $ at once . 
  but 20 $ here 30 $ over the span of a whole year easily adds up, 
  i 'd probs sell the ring, 
  huh ? 
  you can easily spend 500 $ in one night out, 
  seriously . 
  nobody introduce this kid to cocaine pls, 
  forget what, 
  oh yeah i 'm aware of that , and yeah just vc basically, 
  playoff derozan needed lowry more, 
  yeah like the role players around him to hit a open fucking shot while he 's getting double teamed . 
  comin straight from the underground, 
  copy cat league just like everything else nowadays . 
  shit sells, 
  i 'm bored out of my gourd , so i took a hammer and nailed my foot to the floorboard of my ford . 
  galinari ? 
  except it comes at a price, 
  quit slaying dragons man, 
  just a loose bolt , all good now, 
  unrelated but why the f is aldridge so soft ?!, 
  twice he had harden on him and could n't do shit, 
  i 'm not buying that . 
  la is 6 `` 11 on a guy that 's barely 6 `` 5 , he should be bullying to the basket instead of doing fadeaway hook shots, 
  please , both of your pansy ass teams will be fresh for the finals do n't you worry, 
  i never said he does n't . 
  i 'm saying la should be trying something different , he 's resorting to taking post fades instead of going towards the basket . 
  looked clean to me, 
  guys a marshmallow in the paint, 
  lol you guys got out processed, 
  oh no what are you doing, 
  this is the most spurs way to advance to the wcf, 
  exactly, 
  draft combine works, 
  smh then we got rekt by an actual german god, 
  time to go to bed, 
  not entirely true , alan anderson , nothing but a role player in the nba was just a mediocre starter in europe . 
  you 'd be surprised how many talented players just prefer saying in europe than coming over to the us . 
  of course the talent gap is immense like you said , but i 'm not sure that applies to a player like teodosi\u0107 . 
  delly is a pest but milos is a wizard with the ball and can shoot quite well . 
  dion said you got ta be a dog , melo is roadkill at this point, 
  first in line, 
  any dogs in this draft ? 
  when you watch the warriors you only see one side of good basketball . 
  i 'm with you 100 % . 
  bad execution on that reference my bad , was quoting dray, 
  i know ... i 'm just as sad, 
  no it 's not dirty , it 's the same thing zaza did , how could it be dirty ? 
  luckily nobody got injured . 
  would be a shame if a star player went down due to some dirty as shit like this, 
  if only, 
  game changer, 
  cavs sweep would make this the best finals in history of ever, 
  untill somebody gets shot for a pair of zo2 slides, 
  damn was expecting to see lebron strip, 
  the notion that players will refuse to play in miami because pat did n't give wade a legacy contract, 
  perhaps , but in today 's market even a slight paycut wo n't be too big of a factor i assume for most players to not play in miami . 
  is it crazy to assume that a player would take a 4/70 $ contract over a 4/75-80 $ to play in the city of miami vs minnesota for example . 
  ( nothing against minnesota just had to pick a random cold city ) . 
  we were n't contenders for most of wade 's career . 
  how many contenders are there in the league ? 
  triangles are pretty popular in france , so maybe it works out, 
  onions baby onions !, 
  i think he was definitely one of if not the quickest players in the league before the injury . 
  dude was stupid fast, 
  only unanimous mvps do n't close out a series leading 3-1, 
  show me the dozens of other coaches with rosters like miami had to start the season . 
  wow it 's almost as if coaching ca n't be purely judged by record !, 
  who would have thought,
