  except 9/10 games have a consistent lag to it, 
  the matchmaking is also impressively quick !, 
  so far everything is great except for the lag :(, 
  goran is much more suited to be an nba level starter . 
  milos , even in his prime would n't get the nod over him . 
  everything two brings to the table would be amazing to have off the bench in this hypothetical team . 
  also jokic could be that playmaker . 
  try not to cringe, 
  also highlight the squad members, 
  has any other player won the eurobasket championship and nba in the same year ? 
  dragic about to be the first . 
  2018 * my bad, 
  2017-18 yes, 
  that 's even better actually , nice, 
  michael `` the plug '' beasley, 
  that guy needs a lethal dose of culture, 
  not really no . 
  he does n't have the accolades like those guys , but he is the * best * yugoslavian player , as stated above . 
  alt-right melo, 
  dude is definitely up and in the gym by 9:20, 
  i agree, 
  just enough to make his per36 go through the roof, 
  why the fuck did they get rid of those throwbacks ? 
  such a piss off . 
  beautiful how math is a universal language we can all understand because this post was pretty complex . 
  if he had that type of performance in the finals with okc ( which i believe he could have and is fully capable of doing ) he would be a fucking god . 
  seriously , like if he came to miami i would n't even be mad, 
  why did he want golden state ? 
  wish the x-files theme music would play in the back with these highlights, 
  why did he win in golden state ? 
  brook lopez and drummond are the best examples of that . 
  leagues gon na be shocked when bam walks away with it, 
  you have a point , i agree . 
  how would you even determine this ? 
  interesting , i admit i know fuck all about hockey but even i agree that there is no argument as to whom the nhl goat is . 
  bet your ass there will be . 
  they ca n't color code their own logo to match our color scheme . 
  there 's gon na be a like green patch that 'll be visible a mile away . 
  this is trash, 
  is the away jersey gon na be reversed ? 
  black logo white lettering ? 
  cause if it 's a while patch on a black jersey that 's dumb, 
  hold me tom , :(, 
  wish it was just a big `` u '' or some shit , the fuck is this, 
  they do n't deserve you, 
  oh thank fuck, 
  is n't it less ? 
  kd is the one that ca n't keep his trap shut, 
  it 's almost as if guys have differnt taste in women . 
  why did i struggle reading this comment, 
  revenge is a dish best served colder than a yetti eating frozen spaghetti, 
  honestly i was playing with randoms and they were n't that great but i was also playing like pure trash at first ( i 'm the center ) . 
  then he hit that 3 to make it 18-8 , i checked my stats and said fuck this let 's go . 
  if anybody wants to ball on ps4 add me , current record at 92-26, 
  biased by a country mile, 
  it 's move proves this ? 
  the nba has always been a business , its trade was n't the first heart breaking one and wo n't be the last . 
  you guys are so emotional with this stuff , any gm would have traded him for kyrie . 
  dude this is really good , bravo, 
  it 's all fun and games till brooklyn sneaks in for that 8 seed, 
  melo as a scoring 4 would be sick actually alongside russ and pg . 
  i 'm sure he 's ready to embrace a third wheel role . 
  seriously , i do n't even want the season to start . 
  can we just have off season year round ? 
  waiters, 
  i actually like the fit, 
  i work in the tool and mold industry . 
  i know 3d printers are far away from getting the same accuracy from a $ 250,000 steel mold for car parts for example , but does anyone have an idea if the future of 3d printing would take the mold industry over ? 
  you essentially eliminate the biggest cost for part manufacturers , the steel . 
  i know right , so many weird ass trades happened out of nowhere but the one that 's been the most anticipated still is n't even done, 
  people too quick saying this wo n't work . 
  of course he will , he 's not delusional . 
  he waived his ntc to be 3rd wheel on a contender , i 'm sure he 's gon na love not having all the pressure on him anymore . 
  he 's still very good, 
  lol this is such bullshit . 
  if winning was n't a driving force he would have just stayed put . 
  him waiving his ntc shows that he 's aware his career is winding down and wants to compete at least once or twice more instead of being stuck in a rebuild . 
  the fuck did he say that triggered you ? 
  jesus christ , no point arguing this . 
  even if he is ... so what ? 
  did whiteside die ? 
  i see , time to get one then, 
  on pro or first gen ? 
  oh shit thanks for the heads up, 
  - my bank account, 
  smfh how does a game even get released with an issue like that, 
  they 're bulldozing into the paint thinking they can hit every lay up, 
  post melone, 
  it 's great, 
  you 're probably just trash, 
  `` omg this feels like an audio, 
  bitch have you ever sat in an audi before !, 
  actually a good analysis . 
  as much as i would hate to see it , he would fit in pretty good in cleveland . 
  his knees have actually held up very well over the past few years , icing them is just smart and necessary . 
  he 's been doing it for years . 
  he had so much to play for in chicago you 're right . 
  i mean i 'm not saying he 's not in the wrong for giving zero effort in chicago but being on a contender is a differnt story , especially playing with lebron . 
  i dont think he fits in miami anymore , maybe next year . 
  yeah he wont be utilized the same way on the cavs as he was on the bulls last year .
