  fiba and olympic basketball would also be more exciting and interesting without the us . 
  they ca n't help the fact that they ca n't produce talent like we do , that 's not something you can train at and perfect . 
  jerry is saying other country 's need to do a better job of figuring out how to beat the us , that 's alot easier said than done . 
  are training staff and coaches from michale phelps team telling other countries to step their game up in swimming ? 
  shut the fuck up and stop being so defensive about me comparing it to soccer , it might not have been a well thought out comparison i was just angry at what he said cause it 's absolutely fucking arrogant to think like that . 
  like kenyans are going around telling other countries to step up their long distance running teams , get outta here man . 
  this is 100 % true . 
  it 's not the rest of the world 's fault they ca n't breed athletic super freaks like we can . 
  that 's why this comment rubbed me the wrong way , jerry is basically saying the rest of the world needs to step up and figure out a way to stop team usa , that 's alot easier said than done . 
  it 's funny though , we glorify the olympics and winning a gold medal and what an honour it is , and then with comments like this we absolutely shit on opposition and say its not even fun anymore because we are so dominant . 
  i hate all of this , they should have a definite answer by now on his situation . 
  height is n't the only thing that matters in basketball . 
  afro americans jump higher are faster and stronger on average . 
  i 'm not talking olympics . 
  is it a coincidence that primarily blacks occupy the nba and nfl ? 
  no not at all . 
  african americans are built different than africans , its no secret . 
  name me one athlete that 's 6 ' 8 260 like lebron but can sprint with the best of them . 
  shawn oakman , this kid is 24 . 
  you do n't see this type of shit anywhere else in the world . 
  6 ' 9 275lbs, 
  chris bosh, 
  i love to see them go head to head in a 40 yard dash . 
  there 's big bodybuilder burly mother fuckers everywhere , but they are not athletic , have no speed or hand eye coordination . 
  you clearly have no clue what i 'm talking about . 
  freaks like lebron are 1 in 10 million . 
  how you 're even arguing that by using a game of thrones body builder is beyond my understanding . 
  i can tell from your comment history that you 're not even a casual fan of basketball , which means you have no clue about north american athletes . 
  i 'm gon na stop arguing right here cause this is pointless , cheers . 
  lebron would be the world 's best handball player with 6 months training, 
  naw he would n't have to lose any weight , some too tier handball coach even said it this olympics . 
  he 's perfect for the sport would just need to get used to playing it , but his body structure is what would make him stand out from every other player much like he does in the nba . 
  he would be the biggest and fastest , just like he is in the nba . 
  the sports are absolutely different , but what he 's saying is that physically he is more than ready , he would need time to just adjust to the game and how it works . 
  i actually played handball when i was in school in germany and i thoroughly enjoyed it , it 's quite similar , 4 steps without driving instead of 3 . 
  but yeah the concept is different , physically and athletically though if the us wanted to they could construct a good enough handball team . 
  a superiors basketball player could translate his skills much more better to handball than a superior handball player can to basketball . 
  handball requires all the skills basketball players posses except the best basketball players posses those skills 10x over , minus are strength in throwing the ball . 
  jumping and speed though , that advantage goes to top tier basketball players . 
  i wonder how many mohammed jordans there are in the world, 
  woah, 
  this attitude was always there with him , it 's just his knees were n't always there, 
  feel like we could have made top 10 on here , but of course it 's top 8, 
  e : nvm it 's only players under 24 years of age , in that case we have no business being on this list since we ca n't include hassan . 
  damn i guess our young core is trash, 
  yeah i put the edit in . 
  there 's better young cores out there than our three for sure, 
  he 's getting his first mvp this season, 
  damn ben simmons already has his own show . 
  kyrie is the better player , but lowry is the better point guard , and him being no slouch on defense is super valuable . 
  edit : he 's not obviously better , sorry for the chaos i started, 
  i 'm saying due to his age and his offensive prowess , most people would take kyrie over lowry . 
  lowry was n't the same calibre player at 24 that 's all . 
  i do n't think anybody doubts that lowry is the better floor general, 
  he 's the better passer and defender for sure , better floor general but not better shooter . 
  i was n't discrediting lowry , but one is 30 and the other is 24 , kyrie has room to evolve and lowry is what he is right now . 
  i mean yeah i guess , if we 're just basing it off of last season , i 'm taking lowry based purely off stats, 
  i know he 's not . 
  did i not state that lowry is the better play maker ? 
  apparently we 're comparing these two guy only according to last season where lowry had a career year , guess that determines who the better player is . 
  be honest right now , would masai ujiri be crazy to trade lowry straight up for irving right now and how would you feel about that ? 
  right , but that was pretty unfair of me to suggest that scenario . 
  so let 's scale them both down to the age of 24/25 for arguments sake cause we do n't know what kyrie will be when he 's 30 . who do you take ? 
  answered that question like a true politician, 
  seems like we 're discussing who the better player is according to last season , which as i said before is definitely lowry . 
  when determining who the better player is in general , yeah i 'm allowed to take age in consideration , which is why in my opinion kyrie is the * obvious * choice . 
  not really , i agree with what you said . 
  lowry does alot for toronto and kyrie would make you guys worse as a team . 
  masai is n't turning that trade down though and you know it pal . 
  why ? 
  cause masai knows who the better player is , because it is * that * obvious . 
  do n't forget they are using lowry 's career year at age 30 to justify him being the better player . 
  lmao wtf !? 
  are you serious ? 
  no that 's not what i mean jesus christ . 
  that 's not fair . 
  look what lowry did at kyries current age is what i 'm saying . 
  you know i meant that too you just ca n't admit it cause of your homerism . 
  im looking at it objectively , i 'm a huge lowry fan too by the way . 
  that 's fair , you 're also being a little bias , just like the cavs fans here are towards kyrie . 
  i 'm not , these players do n't mean anything to me so i 'm looking at it objectively . 
  hey im all for a rookie comparison , bring up the stats partner, 
  yes 100 %, 
  i hate to do this , but i think it 's fair to take age into consideration . 
  it 's not at all crazy to bet on kyrie being better at 30 than lowry is now since kyrie was better at 24 than lowry was at 24 . 
  lowry was truly incredible last year and the definite better overall player . 
  did n't realize it was that touchy of a subject to be honest lol . 
  lumberjacks make pretty good money , glad he found himself a new trade, 
  perfect, 
  except you would take lebron at any age vs durant at any age . 
  really pulling for that second scenario, 
  since you guys always somehow meet lebron in the playoffs , we might finally see some wade vs lebron . 
  i 'm gon na go jump off a bridge now, 
  top 3 though, 
  ok but it 's the lakers . 
  what this shows is that toronto made a sizeable leap in terms of overall success and they 've earned their spotlight . 
  when has john wall made the finals ? 
  never ? 
  hey it 's progress man , them being in canada must interfere as well with some international tv laws who the hell knows i 'm no expert on the topic . 
  which is also why they were the only team with home announcers during the playoffs right ?
