  4 years of going to the finals and 2 trophies, 
  right , but let 's be real he would n't have an extra 2 rings to plead to his greatness . 
  i 'll take two rings over 4 years of better stats for wade , and i 'm sure he would too . 
  now it is a hypothetical so i 'm not sure what our team would look like , but not too many scenarios could compensate for lebron . 
  you see demars face when wade stole it and sealed the deal in ot ? 
  priceless, 
  demar needs 20 + shots a game to maintain his season average , no other sane coach would allow him to do that . 
  he should be a solid 16-18ppg scorer as a second option on a better coached team, 
  lowry 's slump is making demar look bad in the process . 
  demar is being forced to pick up his slack , they 're used to sharing the scoring load as we 've seen during the course of the regular season . 
  most of us appreciate the amazing 4 years he gave us . 
  although we appreciate it even more when cleveland fails . 
  pat riley on the other hand probably does n't agree with this opinion, 
  that 's hard when you 're accustomed to getting at least 20ppg out of your two all stars . 
  most people hated miami cause of lebron . 
  most people now hate the cavs cause its the cavs, 
  there 's no adjustment to be made . 
  they are just playing bad , powell , ross and carroll ca n't fill dds and kls shoes offensively every night , sure some games one of them will step up , but without a consistent performance from those two , this raptor squad really struggles for obvious reasons . 
  you have a point there , and casey is a part of that issue . 
  he 's a great coach but he needs a top of the line assistant coach to help him out on offense . 
  its very fucking hard to watch , its like a poor mans version of okc , with kd and wb taking turns on offense . 
  except its a lot easier to get away with it with those two guys, 
  bill simmons is not relevant what so ever, 
  ahhh the classic bash on wade argument, 
  he was blindsided by it , took it a bit more to heart , which is completely understandable . 
  in my opinion he felt like he could have brought in the necessary pieces to reconstruct the team after the spurs anally raped us but was never given the chance, 
  i do n't think thats his point . 
  you think lebron would have won 2 if he stayed in cleveland ? 
  e : nobody answer me , downvotes will suffice, 
  i 'll speak for myself . 
  something about dan gilbert rubs me the wrong way . 
  the way he handled lebrons departure , being the main voice in the chris paul trade veto and as of recently , how he basically gave lebron the keys to the entire organization . 
  i do n't believe a player should have that much of a say in fo decisions , which is also part of the reason why lebron felt unhappy in miami at times because pat riley ran the show under his own strict circumstances ( because he knows what he 's doing ) . 
  i explained further down, 
  and let him get his own rebounds ? 
  not much just left work you ? 
  now that would be something, 
  nice, 
  * wipes sweat *, 
  well yeah , doubt he can guard both at the same time, 
  joe johnson, 
  charlotte are a great team, 
  wake yo punk ass up , it aint nuttin but a wade county thang !, 
  yes, 
  game one summary, 
  little play off trolling , its all in good fun, 
  these gms ai n't loyal, 
  downvoted top guy , upvoted this . 
  i got it done, 
  busts need to actually play before they earn that title, 
  e : credit / r/heat, 
  * step your game up *, 
  yeah those are real original, 
  enjoy the bloodbath, 
  val is toronto 's most talented player, 
  it never fails, 
  whiteside left some room for rims after dessert, 
  noooooooooooo, 
  thank you jesus christ, 
  free pizza for the crowd, 
  his teeth come at a heavy price guys, 
  at this point i 'm . down to just play the second unit give them the w and rest up the starters for the home games, 
  lol no way we only down five, 
  no way shes 40 ... 
  just like game 1 , except we 're playing worse tonight, 
  lowry huge bounce back game like everyone predicted, 
  jv does n't have a single play made for him yet he 's the most productive player on the court, 
  demar is so fucking frustrating to watch wtf is this dudes deal, 
  he really did, 
  i swear gabby really needs to let d wade cheat on her with my girl , i 've been trying for a while now, 
  vise grips on lowry please, 
  lol if we had ten seconds for the win we would have ended it, 
  imagine he knocked her up , mint, 
  kyle lowry is annoying, 
  i 'll take dragic, 
  dragons do n't come from germany guy , little further south in slovenia, 
  ... indeed -_-, 
  i 'm down, 
  if this team was built around jv , you guys would be alot better, 
  i disagree , you guys are better off letting demar walk and putting some extra pieces around him , lowry and carroll, 
  it would be his 9th playoff game, 
  he 's a good player without a doubt , but no way is he a first option . 
  ya we never wanted those championships , fuck lebron, 
  cause we all knew he was staying . 
  all of that was just bs rumors that espn had to blow up, 
  cavs are gon na win this series, 
  kyrie hit the reset button, 
  lebron ... james ? 
  you mean you do n't want a fast and furious 13 ? 
  out in 6, 
  you and me both, 
  30 for 30 : 18 for 81, 
  are you guys ready for the goat pa ? 
  who 's getting fired and traded for the raptors after this game ? 
  wow heat crowd so quiet omg wow game 6 wow so quiet we the north, 
  jv a big teddy bear, 
  100 % effective on whiteside, 
  you do n't say ... 
  haslems like 6 ' 8 wtf can u do -_-, 
  yes,
