  this is such a terrible and wrong assessment . 
  dion has been great , but goran dragi\u0107 is more responsible for our swell playing as of late . 
  not only that , but not one player can be credited to carrying this team , if you watch our games it 's a full team contribution . 
  our whole team, 
  it 's not basketball, 
  what 's stopping him ? 
  possible death, 
  but can they kick the refs in the nuts ? 
  demars back y' all, 
  if you do n't make the playoffs then waiving casspi is gon na look incredibly stupid . 
  whos got the best d-leaguers in the nba !, 
  you just got ta yell while you type, 
  should grow dreads and wear # 4, 
  no name brand humans, 
  neither justifies bashing role players . 
  both are equally weak moves . 
  he 's useless, 
  trust the soreness, 
  thrust the spoelstra, 
  kinda like cartman '' goddammit callll ! '', 
  i come to work . 
  i punch in . 
  i do my shit . 
  i punch out , and i take my paycheck, 
  straight up , not that fucking midget, 
  would n't you rather win a game by a demar fuck you fade away leaning to the left kobe mid range jumper ? 
  top tier eastern teams are tag team helping us into the playoffs . 
  thanks guys, 
  i fucking love this guy, 
  not really , as soon as rose switched on him , he should have fouled ... if he was smart, 
  let 's just leave out wade, 
  well you chose the right one . 
  wo n't argue that, 
  how many triple doubles does he have as a bull ? 
  exactly ... 
  bro throw this shit out please, 
  can we remove this like the last one ? 
  still waiting for drummond to shoot underhand free throws . 
  secrit plays  d'antoni ball, 
  great game by him . 
  this loss stung, 
  holy shit, 
  i , for one , would like to see this, 
  while you 're 100 % right , part of it is he 's just fucking blessed . 
  what a freak, 
  fuck this dude . 
  resist his highlights #notmypowerforward, 
  this is n't a poster . 
  exactly . 
  the guys throwing bow 's is a legend . 
  leave him alone, 
  wait till i tell dad what you 're telling all your internet friends, 
  i bet he does, 
  new member of this brilliant sub . 
  just saying hi, 
  huge asterix on kd of course . 
  but honestly without him , i doubt they even reach the finals . 
  oouuu , i like this timeline, 
  damn , you know pops gon na take advantage of that, 
  pretty swell, 
  then they got miami in the finals . 
  gon na be tough, 
  damn . 
  stay woke, 
  it would crush lebron in a game of limbo, 
  i 've been saying this . 
  val murdered hassan last year . 
  imagine what val and ibaka will do to horford, 
  well he 'd be on the bench right now, 
  communism , when done right , is n't all that bad . 
  e : did n't mean to trigger the baby boomers , sorry, 
  he was a good man :(, 
  it was a joke , chill, 
  explain, 
  yugoslavia a third world country ? 
  i 'm afraid youre the one that needs a history book, 
  wo n't argue with that . 
  because i agree , but every form of government is ruined by corruption . 
  well , just like capitalism . 
  there are various forms of communism/socialism . 
  not all forms are complete failures . 
  but i agree it is far too idealistic , and is primarily a `` fake utopia '' . 
  he did n't murder his own people . 
  i agree he was n't perfect , it all boiled down to money in they end , and how it was being allocated . 
  to put tito in the same sentence , or anywhere close to it , as stalin in terms of brutality is blasphemous . 
  after he peaks, 
  hish home, 
  shampionchip or bust, 
  what happened after his death is a completely different topic . 
  there was always tension among various balkan nations throughout history . 
  it 's a well known fact amongst us , no matter whether croat , serb or or slovene , that we truly were united under tito . 
  the problem was money , as it always is . 
  the money was going to belgrade . 
  and now it 's going to zagreb , ljubljana , eu etc. 
  same shit in the end . 
  governments are corrupt , this will never change . 
  the economic problems of yugoslavia are n't mutually exclusive to her ethnic problems . 
  i 've never claimed he had a perfect system in place , but the people were unified and it did n't matter what your name was or ethnic background . 
  almost every ex-yugo can vouche for that . 
  what ?
