  wow, 
  yeah youre right actually, 
  it 's not a bad thing, 
  how did it know he was on a ladder !, 
  pathetic, 
  nothing new here , just croatia underperforming in eurobasket, 
  i honestly have no idea . 
  maybe lil b had a bad time in croatia ? 
  i dont know, 
  good fucking series though, 
  grab your ears, 
  happy 9/11 !, 
  are you serious . . ? 
  every single year man, 
  eurobasket has been dope this year, 
  i hate this community, 
  you know the season is just around the corner when derozan is tilted over his si ranking, 
  this is the exact reaction they were hoping for . 
  media does n't care about being right , they just wan na be trending . 
  what did randolph do ? 
  i missed the game, 
  ahh the maturity gap between the 2 is glaring . 
  that would be like a miracle best case scenario, 
  bam has that perfect pf body . 
  ahh another foreign kevin durant, 
  not that i have anything against it but latley it seems like almost every good new show has some gay shit in it ... and like pretty hardcore stuff like in ozark and the new narcos season and the mist . 
  this is not uncommon . 
  you can find serbian `` roots '' in alot of balkan people . 
  does n't change the fact that luka is slovene , it 's all about which nation you identify with through your upbringing . 
  my dad is from croatia but always considered himself serb and we were raised serb . 
  yes, 
  impossible is nothing, 
  russia beat us in group stage , gon na be a tough game but i 'm sure our boys are glad they got that rematch . 
  he could have banked on himself by balling out this year since he 's healthy and possibly earning more than this . 
  this is a safe contract for him and looks to me like a decent trade asset for the heat . 
  haha i know what you mean . 
  that 's kind of what i was trying to get at . 
  nothing gay about that my dude , i made my girl wear a dion mask while we made love . 
  we got no picks . 
  why tank ? 
  these are all tradeable `` assets '' at least it 's a playoff roster . 
  i 'm fine with , kind of the price we had to pay for the big 3 era . 
  some bad luck with bosh was involved as well . 
  diamonds on my damn chain, 
  not every body type can pull that shit off . 
  i 'm fat, 
  bro did you watch ozark ? 
  dude literally gets his dick sucked in the most aggressive way possible . 
  straight scenes are usually comedic or cheesy slow romantic . 
  i dont need to be seeing that . 
  be gay if you want , it 's not homophobic if those scenes make me feel uncomfortable . 
  this is incredible wow !, 
  we better beat russia tomorrow ... what a final that would be, 
  basketball is a game of luck . 
  in an elimination tournament luck is always involved, 
  i dont know man they played great against us last time but we also played very poorly and only lost by 3, 
  do n't sleep on the serbs, 
  dragic eats paella for breakfast, 
  what he do i ca n't watch :(, 
  did he throw up 3 fingers ? 
  we just might see a bit of former yugoslavia in the finals, 
  better off blowing up the whole team and tanking this season for luka, 
  what the fuck ? 
  i watch tons of movies and hbo hit tv shows , literally none of them show a guy getting deep throated violently by another guy . 
  show me these scenes from `` more movies '' that you 're talking about . 
  seriously a good amount of these euro teams would crush ncaa competition, 
  spain yes of course . 
  i mean teams like greece and russia and serbia would man handle college teams . 
  he is for sure . 
  his `` these hoes ai n't loyal '' snap when hayward signed was cringy as hell, 
  sure , just how he did it was weird to me idk . 
  maybe it 's just me, 
  by letting fans smoke blunts at the games, 
  would make for some interesting end of season tank battles, 
  i went with that last year but more of a rebounder/defender with pretty good athletisicm . 
  like a rodman/kemp type , was indeed very fun because you 're not a slow wrecking ball center , your position is actually pf/sf . 
  enough lateral quickness to switch on quicker teams . 
  i 'm that jerk . 
  i honestly thought i was better, 
  nice so they 're both coming back ? 
  nobody calls him that except op . 
  richj is his nickname, 
  chill pederu, 
  where is the fucking moron that celebrated early . 
  you idiot, 
  soft ass call on macvan, 
  cccc, 
  russians played fucking great , tough mother fuckers god damn . 
  we love you russia from serbia \u2764, 
  haslem boxed out a force of nature, 
  yes i agree . 
  that 's the toughness of elimination style tourneys , sometimes it 's just not your day . 
  looking swoll, 
  at least make it a good looking girl or some shit, 
  i 'm on the celtics and i have yet to get a second of play time, 
  who the fuck plays 2k 12 hours a day ? 
  the real grind starts at 85 . 
  `` list '', 
  lol holy shit at dragic yelling at that guy, 
  dragic starts though,
