  this will all blow over by next week . 
  god damn it dion, 
  hornaceks greasy ass grin, 
  lerupturedfuckingeardrum, 
  having one of those rookies come off the bench with energy while goran remains a starter would be a great scenario though . 
  whoever we end up drafting wo n't be stuck on the bench , they will get loads of minutes . 
  who 's jersey is it ? 
  i 'd start there, 
  best decision ever, 
  elephunk was best, 
  zaza is so punchable, 
  definitely . 
  he was n't a rim protecting 4 , i do n't think anybody ever claimed that . 
  but his versatility and quickness was very valuable and that 's what made him good . 
  he 's the perfect stretch pf in my opinion . 
  he 's not top heavy anywhere and he 's not lacking anywhere either . 
  his main flaw was always not being that big of guy , so bigger dudes like hibbert and dwight would body him . 
  he was also a beast in toronto have you forgotten already ? 
  perfect mix of offensive and defensive capabilities for a power forward . 
  no offense but colangelo had no fucking clue what he was doing with bosh at the time . 
  the talent placed around him was pathetic . 
  e : what would lowry even accomplish with boshs raptors squad ? 
  he would get his stats just like bosh but i doubt it would translate to wins . 
  the recency bias is strong with you comparing last year 's lowry to salami and cheese bosh, 
  of course not . 
  but he damn sure was a big part of it . 
  2k9 god, 
  forgive me, 
  i remember all those games . 
  we 're just gon na a have to disagree because jorge garbajosa , jose calderon , jamario moon , anthony parker , andrea bargnani , rasho nestorovic , pre injury tj ford , a washed up marion and o'neal and a washed up mo petersen , lazy post massive contract hedo turkoglu are not that talented of a bunch in my opinion . 
  good role players as you said at best . 
  you guys do n't finish 41-41 without bosh , plus he looked pretty good in that orlando series . 
  if i 'm not mistaken , carter dicked you guys down hard in 07 . 
  i 'll give you the mikki moore argument though , that was classic dread on dread crime . 
  yeah . 
  26 year old bosh on your current roster . 
  he would definitely be the best player on that team , just do n't know how it would work with demar firing away . 
  but lowry and bosh would be a dirty combo , alot better than the little glimpses we saw with him and dragi\u0107 . 
  plus val could just stay down low in the paint . 
  never said he was a superstar . 
  would n't label lowry and demar as superstars either , but they got pretty far . 
  because masai did a phenomenal job filling out that roster, 
  i do n't think the refs get the credit they deserve . 
  kudos to them, 
  dude that was retarded :o, 
  that was sick, 
  needs to come back then, 
  actually the war was in full effect by then, 
  no , that 's just stupidity . 
  the would be the equivalent of it boasting about being the best rim protector in the league . 
  he 's competing with nobody but himself for that title . 
  he 's got a couple of these gems, 
  durant chose the wrong team to go to, 
  did n't demar kill him last year ? 
  they just won ... 
  that 's actually mint, 
  yes . 
  very soft hands, 
  yeah , looks like the bandits did n't really think this through, 
  that 's why i fucked your bitch you fat motherfucker, 
  hassan has alot of work to do, 
  never hurts to have a deep bench though, 
  try giving some alternative facts next time, 
  same, 
  he 's 35 dude ... 19/4/4 is remarkable, 
  get this man in the dunk contest . 
  need raptors for traditional purposes, 
  dude ... 
  zach lavine is good ... ? 
  mike valenti said it best , he 's possibly a 4th option on a championship team . 
  could be a really great `` clean up guy '' . 
  ca n't cut the horn of a unicorn, 
  ... magic ? 
  his effort is there though ... 
  this guy 's dying for a contract, 
  how 's this shit so hi-def ? 
  retarded dunks :o, 
  so it was essentially easier to topple the german war machine with the help of the soviets using conventional arms . 
  i guess that makes sense , thanks, 
  history, 
  that 's kind of what sparked this question for me . 
  japan being far weaker than germany got to face the wrath of the atom bomb almost undeservingly, 
  where the natives at ? 
  god , that title, 
  his roster is still a contending roster . 
  even this year, 
  that bridge burned this past summer, 
  hey at least that kinda makes it enjoyable for the whole nba community . 
  wow never would have thought melo would be getting traded just to get rid of . 
  too good of a player to be a `` contract dump '', 
  he 's honestly been trash this year , i 'll even be mad if he gets a spot, 
  i definitely understand that . 
  it 's just crazy to me that a player of his calibre is being let go for not that much . 
  bad timing it seems to me on this trade . 
  was probably waaaay overdue . 
  but the knicks would be better off to rid themselves of melo right now , tank another year and give the young guys more pt . 
  wow first time in a long time kobe did n't make it, 
  is best, 
  ultimate playmaker, 
  imagine if he took all the open threes that carroll misses though ?
