  well statistics show rudy is slightly better rim defender . 
  i just think whiteside offers alot more on offense . 
  they 'll still exceed expectations and make the playoffs . 
  im fan of lebron and what he 's been able to accomplish in cleveland . 
  dislike the warriors cause fuck the warriors . 
  i 'm not a salty heat fan thats mad because lebron left , i 'm more salty about the fact our fo did n't take care of wade than lebron deciding to leave on his own terms . 
  so no i 'm not whoring for upvotes , i rooted for them last year and will continue to do so . 
  what ? 
  if you dislike cleveland or lebron that 's your own preference . 
  you sure as hell liked him when he was with the heat but that 's beside the point anyways . 
  i simply brought up the wade thing because , me personally , i 'm still salty and not happy about him not being with us anymore . 
  but i 'm actually happy for lebron . 
  and that does n't make me some sort of traitor like you seem to think , `` rooting for the guys that tried to disassemble our team '' . 
  it 's basketball bro , i like multiple players and teams but i support mainly one . 
  ca n't stand people like you who think you 're in some sort of fucking gang only affiliated with one team . 
  jesus christ ... like how, 
  why do n't i understand this, 
  smh i do n't why i thought they were in the same class . 
  i 'm going to bed, 
  so just keep goaltending it . 
  game would never end, 
  alright, 
  someones gon na argue this, 
  that would n't be a hard enough path for him , he chose the hardest path, 
  caught this on tv from a philly game , thought it was hilarious for some reason, 
  wade 's going off tonight, 
  come here in the off season, 
  mvp by tomorrow, 
  better than ours, 
  all time, 
  pizzagate is real, 
  your dad 's a smart man, 
  there 's a reason his bpg are down this year , cause he 's not chasing them anymore . 
  let 's just of feed off of last year 's narrative though , its what we do best here at r/nba, 
  drinking is cool as fuck though , pop bottles on live tv , fuck yeah kids !, 
  he 's so beautiful, 
  chocolate can be addictive . 
  so can fruit , porn , nail biting . 
  cocaine is very addictive , i 've done it multiple times , i 'm not addicted . 
  addiction is almost solely subjective to character and personality . 
  drinking is addictive , coffee is beyond fucking addictive , does n't stop 16 year olds from driving through starbucks for that grande 2 cream 2 sugar . 
  and they have to pretend like they 're smoking cigars hahahahah, 
  call me crazy , but i have a feeling bosh will get cleared next year and sign with you guys, 
  vet min at his own risk, 
  this is precisely the problem . 
  weed has been around even during prohibition , but was always labeled dangerous due to classic propaganda . 
  times are changing now and this whole `` weed is bad for you '' stigma is dying , thank god . 
  20 years from now nobody is gon na give shit if you smoke weed or not . 
  just like nobody gives a shit today if you 're lgbt , compared to the 60s and 70s . 
  weak ass argument my man . 
  i could easily say kids are also dying in mommies and daddies car because they are not drinking responsibly and driving . 
  so just because alcohol and tobacco are `` well established '' within our culture , that gives them a pass to be consumed with zero consequence ? 
  bad message if you ask me . 
  we all learn in school the dangerous side effects of both alcohol , tobacco and drugs . 
  but no health teacher is gon na display the pros and cons when comparing weed to liqour . 
  that just does n't make sense , even though the truth is out there . 
  does n't matter what you think really , people that are high on cannabis do not behave like people that are drunk . 
  you just ca n't argue that . 
  this is common knowledge at this point , but thanks to our `` well established '' culture , some people are blind to it . 
  privileged ? 
  my opinion is slowly becoming mainstream . 
  world 's gon na fall apart when weed becomes legal , oh the poor children !, 
  we 're gon na spiral into social and economic collapse i hope you 're ready . 
  drinking age didnt stop me from drinking at 16 . 
  it 's not gon na stop minors from smoking either , but they should legalize it and stamp an age restriction on it anyways . 
  4 out of 5 blocks stayed in play and turned into possessions, 
  can confirm , have a kid . 
  when he gets sick suddenly everybody around me pulls out their phds, 
  maybe if you told him you wanted him there he would 've came, 
  ca n't decide what i wish would have happened more , that dunk actually landing or his foot hitting dray dead on in the face, 
  did n't read the article duhhh, 
  `` sweet i 'm going to play with dwyane wade and chris bosh ? 
  this is gon na be awesome ! '', 
  `` wait ... where did you guys go !? '', 
  literally no one knows, 
  how ? 
  he 's the better overall player . 
  nothing surprising, 
  look , curry has had a phenomenal last 3 seasons . 
  those 3 seasons do n't overshadow lebrons whole career who 's been great since his rookie debut . 
  it 's not discrediting curry at all . 
  in terms of scoring , no doubt about that . 
  you 're a flat out moron if you take curry 's peak over lebrons to build a team around . 
  lebron won, 
  that behind the back pass though, 
  at least we won 2 straight , y' all ca n't even repeat , after 73-9, 
  no i 'm actually enjoying your shitty chirps , keep going please, 
  yeah a 16 year old kid on reddit really got under my skin , arrrggg i 'm so mad, 
  that 's the sign of a great versatile player . 
  if the shot is n't falling find other ways to contribute . 
  love kp, 
  should have named him paulito, 
  more players should just start doing it, 
  georgina would be decent, 
  like the country ? 
  lepraise, 
  6 `` 10 with unlimited range . 
  yes sir, 
  i would n't be surprised if someone from that front court gets traded even this season, 
  cause he 's a good player .
