  i doubt wade feels bitter about it and , riley said he 's had some regrets about it but i guarantee you they 're still cool . 
  plus do n't rule out a possible return just yet . 
  i honestly hate the kobe vs wade legacy contract comparison . 
  they were entirely different situations and as much as i love wade , he 's not the player kobe was in terms of box office . 
  lakers did n't hinder themselves too much if not at all with that contract . 
  lmao that one little word killed you and completely changed what you were trying to say haha , it was actually a compliment, 
  who the fuck is saying he 's gon na be good ? 
  nobody is lying when they say he 's a wizard or magician with the ball , because he is . 
  he wo n't be good , but he will be fun to watch . 
  in serbian dinar, 
  honestly man i thought the same until a few years back when i kinda got into it . 
  playoffs are exciting as fuck , but yeah a good 90 % of the baseball season is boring as fuck and i 'm just a casual fan . 
  so bye ellington ? 
  ellington though :(, 
  lol wait till olynyk starts draining 3s next season , this sub is gon na fall inlove with him . 
  plus once he gets on that spoelstra heat training , he could turn into an amazing signing . 
  he 's cutting his hair i hope . 
  too hot for that shit down here, 
  thank god, 
  i am convinced jj is in the same room with riley right now making moves waiting to sign, 
  bro he 's 31 and just shattered his fucking achilles . 
  would be the dumbest signing ever, 
  it 's a great signing , why are people tripping ? 
  he 's 26 and is a pretty good stretch big . 
  to think we flipped mcroberts for olynyk and people are mad ? 
  that 's just insane , this is amazing, 
  with a decent risk factor involved . 
  squuaad, 
  i think people really need to watch some olynyk highlights from last year . 
  wo n't be long until he 's another fan favorite like dion, 
  good for them ? 
  gay fits much better on that spurs roster than ours, 
  bam will need some time to develop, 
  yeah never enough shooters , and for what it 's worth he can kind of shoot, 
  i do n't even know how they pulled this off . 
  we can still retain babbitt and ellington, 
  game over, 
  please bring back wayne, 
  ok , do n't hold your breath !, 
  culture, 
  except tj is better, 
  yeah this is fucked, 
  e : lol we had to waive rodney mcgruder and okaro , end me . 
  any team that needs a cheap 3 and d is gon na jump on these guys . 
  i do n't like this at all, 
  not at all . 
  i do n't question his production , he 's super valuable even at 30 . 
  we all expected him to get paid but around the 10-12m range . 
  fuck it , fo is banking on our second half of the season big time . 
  see what happens, 
  difference is , riley constructed a playoff team , lakers were a lottery team that had to shed a lottery pick just to get rid of one those contracts . 
  i do n't see any similarities . 
  yeah i 'm down for it 100 %, 
  if winslow does n't take a nice step forward next year we are fucked . 
  rodney was a dog , rodney do n't care . 
  fuck yes . 
  shoots the 3 pretty well and is an absolute dog on defense, 
  do n't sleep on charlotte, 
  chances are he was leaving next year anyways, 
  must be nice not waking up at 5am ... i hate you, 
  that 's also when rudy was considered a number 1 scoring option, 
  can somebody clarify why kcp lost money on this trade ? 
  i 'm either stupid or i 'm missing something, 
  that 's what i said, 
  i thought it was expected , but i could be wrong and i hope i am, 
  they lost pp and tucker and have n't really added anything at all, 
  yeah , he got it in honor of david griffin, 
  if he wants to, 
  technically, 
  man if we retain wayne and rodney i am getting absolutely hammered, 
  probably letting mike miller go and pissing lebron off, 
  perfect timing, 
  well that 's a little better, 
  edit : now it 's a player option ? 
  fuck how, 
  we got haywarded, 
  honestly the mutha fucking kaaangzzz, 
  do n't knock it till you try it, 
  harnessing wind energy with them air balls, 
  i do n't see any teams as takers for that contract . 
  but i 've also seen crazier shit in the nba so i remain hopeful, 
  i 'm rooting for this , it just seems perfectly alligned . 
  with a hollywood ending, 
  unpopular opinion , they 're both overrated, 
  yeah jj should be our starting pf, 
  rodney do n't care, 
  new life goal : become instagram model, 
  i wish, 
  if you lose in mycareer , that 's all on you dawg, 
  yeah they stopped doing that . 
  you 're basically better than mj right out of college, 
  think he meant 2006 team, 
  vc a real one, 
  carbonara was originally a villagers meal . 
  due to the lack of ingredients of the poor , they made a pasta with household items like pancetta ( bacon ) , eggs and parmesan cheese . 
  even the best carbonara is not the most aesthetically pleasing dish but we all know how delicious it is . 
  10/10 would devour . 
  damn that 4pt shot by chauncey was sick, 
  `` they kicked me outta g-unit and i rebounded like rodman . '', 
  the game -300 bars and runnin ',
