  i read that he really likes it in los angeles and that would be he 's preferred landing spot , but i doubt the lakers feel the sam about him, 
  i do n't know but our former mayor used to smoke crack and hang out with jamaican hoodlums . 
  we 're a pretty hip city, 
  everything will be ok ... everything is gon na be okay, 
  i could picture wade and riley in a room right now not saying a word just staring at eachother, 
  what are you on man ? 
  raptors lose him who 's gon na fill that void ? 
  terrance ross ? ... terrance fucking ross ? 
  have you watched the raptors play last season ? 
  and wes matthews still remains a pipe dream, 
  lol the guy that suggests t ross can fill in for lou will is getting up votes . 
  something 's wrong with y' all . 
  it 's as if i just realized how mind boggling that is ... 
  reading comments like these makes my night at work so much easier , i actually feel my heart rate slowing, 
  are you assuming he assumed ? 
  he took pay cuts willingly to play with two great players , he could have said no and got paid, 
  hey with the roster we have now , if we can keep everybody else healthy and get 60 games on top from wade ( + playoffs ) ... i 'm kind of ok with it, 
  i do n't think players get paid according to previous accomplishments . 
  i 'm the biggest wade fan , but this is whole situation is strictly business . 
  if they can give him what he 's asking for or close to it , then i 'm all for it , and i 'm sure they will, 
  not even off the bench ? 
  ca n't believe raps gave carroll 4/60 - . -, 
  they better pick up a solid pf though . 
  yes they brought it in carrol . 
  but they lost two key role players , have n't signed lou yet . 
  nevertheless , in masai we trust, 
  i am aware it is a fact ... 
  as a heat fan ... this kind of saddens me, 
  man if miami stays healthy ( assuming they work this wade thing out ) , i am not counting out that scenario, 
  shumpert and smith had their open looks which kept clanking off the rim . 
  in game six smith could n't buy a bucket then with less than a minute to go , where it looked like they already have up , he hits i think 2-3 of the most off balanced threes i 've ever seen and makes it a reasonably close game but by then it was way to late . 
  lebron had no choice , said it himself , he did n't feel comfortable playing that way but it was necessary . 
  kobe system is set for termination next year, 
  lma : so kobe , what i want is -, 
  kobe : sh sh sh . 
  you know what i 'm named after ? 
  kobe . 
  kobe beef . 
  cause i roast . 
  you & amp ; i combine for 60 . every night . 
  i get 58 . you get 2 off a putback . 
  lma : yeah but -, 
  kobe : boy if you do n't . 
  you see this ? 
  this a championship ring . 
  you know why you never seen one ? 
  you playin round with a ninja turtle in portland . 
  you ai n't never played with the mamba baby . 
  lma : so how much am i getting pai -, 
  kobe : my presence is a present . 
  lma : alright . 
  i 'm signing with y' all . 
  can you pass the word along to -, 
  kobe : * stares at lma *, 
  slovenia is in the balkans ... 
  he 's from ljubljana , i 've been there plenty of enough times . 
  my background is serbian , his father was from serbia who settled in slovenia, 
  knicks are the true winners this free agency, 
  good luck with that contract of his, 
  yeah arenas was the better shooter ... 
  monroe without drummond on the floor averaged 20pts 11reb . 
  that 's a solid starting power forward . 
  i guess if you 're team needs defense down low you 'd take favors . 
  monroe ai n't no scrub though , shoots 75 % from the line , i think that 's great for a big man, 
  can they please just sign wade, 
  markief be like , `` marcus was like a brother to me , dang '', 
  yeah this guy is pretty good, 
  at least the miami big three took pay cuts to play together . 
  cavs starting line up gon na be all on max contracts lol wtf, 
  you ever been to south beach ? 
  or how about they sign wade first ... 
  i 'm toronto bosh would bang down low with bigger players , which worked out good for him but that 's where his `` soft '' reputation was built . 
  he just was n't as strong as some other guys . 
  he even admits he does n't feel as comfortable playing down low anymore . 
  that being said i think he 's more skilled and has a more consistent and deeper shot than lma . 
  bosh is a multiple time champion . 
  a lot of players would be multiple time champions alongside lebron and wade , bosh was very underrated those four years and was a part of their success . 
  so i do n't really see your point, 
  oh that 's for sure , i just think a lot of power forwards could have filled boshs void in miami and still win a pair of titles, 
  i conquer, 
  meh he 's replaceable, 
  cause bosh made it that much easier for them . 
  classier deal for sure, 
  he did make playoffs in toronto , and vince carter took care of business in the first round against them . 
  i 'm boshs defense , he had a putrid roster . 
  he was a consistent 24/10 guy, 
  why not ? 
  if he continued producing the way he was in toronto he would be a hofer for sure . 
  if kd and melo would quit right now they would make it into the hof . 
  this is so effing heart warming , i 'm taking a dump wiping tears of joy from eyes ... my god, 
  hahah ... perfect setup ... shit - . -, 
  i 'm sorry to say this but you 're too dumb and irrelevant to be calling a three time champion irrelevant, 
  i do n't think you 're being honest, 
  tobias trying to steal some attention from aldridge, 
  league pass sucks in canada :(, 
  hast he only been around for like 3 years ? 
  he does so much more than just scoring for miami . 
  last year the offense ran strictly through him . 
  this year though i 'd love to see dragi\u0107 be the main ball handler , see if wade can still be pretty good off the ball , ca n't wait for next season, 
  no no , no it 's not,
