  not sure how wiggins helps this cavs team . 
  they lack some serious depth and defense . 
  im not saying dragic and winslow are the answer but it might bode better for them to get 3 or 4 role players in return rather than a star for star straight up trade . 
  just my opinion . 
  i disagree but alright . 
  what does that even mean, 
  thought about it . 
  not sure how wiggins , who cant really defend all that well , fits into cavs style of play . 
  again im not saying dragic and winslow is the best scenario for them but at least theyd have decent pg rotation and i know this sub hates winslow cause he ca n't shoot for shit , but he can at the very least pick up some defensive assignments away from lbj ... plus hes only 21 . 
  im really not sure . 
  hard to pass up on a talent like irving . 
  most people on here seem to have closed the book on winslow after only a season of play , i think he can still turn out to be a great player . 
  i dont see him as a `` negative '' asset , im fine with hanging on to him but would be willing to deal him for kyrie . 
  think it kind of depends on what the cavs fo wants , what direction are they aiming for ? 
  have another run at the title or get younger and accumulate assets for kyrie , not sure how you manage to pull off both . 
  cavs are n't interested in any of our players, 
  ballers are zo2 though, 
  reason why its not even lower when hes off is cause of chalmers, 
  could lebron utilize rose similarily how he did wade ? 
  obviously not as good but id imagine he could learn a thing or two by watching wade play off ball . 
  jesus imagine what one swift little lbj low kick would do to little delicate rose, 
  never understood why people just cant agree that they 're both just good gms . 
  `` riley only got lebron cause of wade hurdurr '', 
  `` ainge only fleeced the nets hurdurrr ', 
  one things for certain , free agents respect both of these guys and both franchises at the very least secure a meeting with top free agents . 
  good thing he drafted wade then over kaman, 
  not sure if you remember that draft but taking wade was n't the safest pick given his mcl removal and age . 
  no it was n't a genius move but it was risky . 
  dragic, 
  and rondo, 
  that 's why every time i go to subway i end up spending 18 fucking dollars cause i get double meat and cheese cause i 'm a fat piece of shit, 
  i guess it 's just an issue of trust . 
  but you 're probably right, 
  winslow would probably be getting traded, 
  hopefully spurs get irving so we can have another rematch next year, 
  you 're not wrong . 
  local delis are bomb but sometimes they 're not always available . 
  so i settle for shitway, 
  fuck that , if that was on the table kyrie would already be in miami . 
  thank god it 's not, 
  smh wade could not have played that any better . 
  what a fucking shot by the mamba, 
  well this is awkward, 
  dragic for bledsoe ? 
  i 'm worth it, 
  man not trying to shit on your parade but you guys gave deron williams minutes and bunch of other older players , to say winslow ca n't contribute right off the bat is foolish man . 
  every part of his game minus his shooting is above average especially his defense which is what you guys need right now . 
  this is why most of us heat fans would feel bitter sweet about this trade because we would n't mind keeping him , kyrie is just a special player . 
  you can play him at the 4 if you really wanted to . 
  it 's an era of postinless basketball , winslow would be an asset for you regardless . 
  he really is a classic gambler on defense . 
  he can get you 5 steals in a game for sure , but like you said he can blow even more assignments which lead to easy buckets or open 3s . 
  guess it could be just low iq . 
  there 's a reason he 's struggled to make a roster the last 2 years despite all this `` potential '' . 
  stop dude it 's useless . 
  winslow is gon na be in china next year, 
  i 'm not saying they should . 
  i also do n't think it 's a `` shit '' offer . 
  winslow could at the very least give lebron a break on defense by guarding better forwards , a luxury they did n't have last year . 
  in my opinion it would harder to figure out how to play dj in the finals than to work winslow in but thats just me . 
  love and dj just seems so slow but maybe you 're right . 
  if dirk can shoot 3s why ca n't shaq ? 
  pritchard sends 3 oladipo ones, 
  this should be amongst the top 5 most upvoted posts in this sub, 
  i remember drafting him -_-, 
  haha, 
  21-25 is a huge age difference imo, 
  nothing ever happens, 
  ita called being confident . 
  bet on yourself and double the fuck down . 
  #phillycheese #out, 
  mine does, 
  man these guys would n't be working this hard to play basketball for free . 
  i tuned out after they started talking about ufc so yeah, 
  lebron getting that clinton help i see, 
  booker is way too high good lord, 
  still in better shape than all of us, 
  edit : did n't mean to trigger you insecure gym mirror selfie taking d-bags . 
  canada 's oil is also very hard and costly to extract and refine . 
  the best , cheapest and easiest oil lies with the saudis, 
  man what the fuck has this sub become . 
  everyone is too busy picking a side that they 've completly lost track of the fact that the whole system is fucked . 
  well 5 is more than 3 . 
  i can confirm this, 
  and houston 's, 
  chill dude it was a joke . 
  i consider myself to be in quite good shape . 
  little generous, 
  why go through all that work when 18 comes out soon ? 
  but for real every time i hear t-grizz i start doing the same damn thing lmao, 
  they kicked me outta g-unit and i rebounded like rodman, 
  guess who is n't trending on twitter anymore ? 
  yes since it 's a low calibre gun , he bullet needs to exert it 's energy somehow . 
  even a stomach shot could be fatal , because it does n't have enough power to penetrate through your body instead it zig zags around your internal organs doing major damage while remaining lodged in . 
  jesus dude who hurt you ? 
  .22 calibre does presicley that , it kills you . 
  a shot to the belly and it slices your internal organs to bits and pieces . 
  a shot to the back of the head will leave your cranium looking like brain salad . 
  did you listen to the audio ? 
  both of those claims are quite plausible .
