  most definitely , i 'd take him over curry, 
  hope not , i say screw durant , bring the boy whiteside back and develop justise, 
  i have a feeling this is wades last big pay year which is why they gave him close to max for a year . 
  i 'm sure wade , of all people , would sacrifice again late in his career to be a top tier contender . 
  lol the vets will flock back to miami like they did when lebron came , and like they are in cleveland right now . 
  what 's up with whiteside ? 
  i 'm at work and just noticed his low minutes, 
  phew thank god , thought he was ... you know , i do n't wan na jynx it, 
  it 's insane how quickly and how much he impacts the game . 
  he really is the heats most valuable player this year, 
  he 's got ta get himself going . 
  he proved last year he can play . 
  i do n't wan na hear any of this '' he does n't fit miami 's system or he ca n't thrive with wade bs '' the man got paid now go out there and do you . 
  i remain confident that he will find his game though, 
  bosh gets so overlooked all the time . 
  he 's a solid 20 and ten career guy , i do n't wan na hear that kevin love bullshit . 
  great win, 
  ... got a little excited . 
  thanks for jynxing it, 
  he got into early foul trouble tonight , hence the low minutes . 
  but really , spo does n't like over playing anybody , especially our vets . 
  there 's already been a couple of games where our young bench guys had more minutes than most of starters . 
  27 games dawg ... #neverforget, 
  fuck the clippers, 
  january 11th bruh , my bday , so pumped, 
  they make close games look like they were n't even close games . 
  he is . 
  offensively i say he 's our number one option . 
  scola is a stud, 
  also , his 06 finals performance was truly one of a kind, 
  `` tyler johnson surprises people out there with his hops '', 
  which truly is a blessing cause his on-ball defense is n't all that great . 
  he bites on fakes all the time but still manages to block it , his match ups can beat him easily with footwork but he 's always looking and going up for the block . 
  i like him . 
  what 's his user name ? 
  honestly like that has nothing to even do with tanking , it 's not like he increases your chances of winning , let the kid play for fucks sake, 
  the all star game being a popularity contest , i 'll give whiteside the edge simply cause of miamis fan base over detroits ... no offense . 
  drummond is way more worthy of it though , guys a beast, 
  luis scola has been torontos most consistent offense, 
  it 's the beginning of the season dude ... losses like this are gon na happen either way, 
  i 'm still waiting for gorans break through game . 
  great win though ,, 
  honestly i did n't catch tonight 's game i was at work , this proves how misleading stats can be . 
  glad to hear he 's looking better out there, 
  scoring 50 pts on the worst team in sporting history is suppose to be a worthy accolade in defining a players overall ability ? 
  and to add that houston won by a mere 2 points behind hardens massive stat line . 
  pg can at least lockdown ( or at least try to ) any opposing matchup . 
  i 'll take him over harden any day . 
  heroes get remembered , but legends never die . 
  this is so dramatic, 
  you think this is a fucking game ? 
  i hope you 're right , but really ? 
  on russ ? 
  word is , he eats babies, 
  yeah top 1 out of 5, 
  d wade the based god , please fuck my girl, 
  guess he did n't drop 30 two nights ago, 
  he does n't even know who that is, 
  great hat, 
  still is, 
  meh even though geographically the balkans are far from russia , the culture and language share some similarities, 
  i want somebody , anybody , to lay this dude flat on his ass one game . 
  such a little punk ass bitch, 
  you bought yourself an item or two or ten, 
  yeah but prime wade . 
  always prime wade . 
  guy looks like an ent, 
  honestly , fuck gary neal, 
  kings of fluke nights like these, 
  weird fetish , but who am i to judge, 
  * sigh *, 
  nothing ? 
  he is, 
  bucks in 6, 
  can the warriors defeat isis ? 
  would n't be his first time, 
  do n't you miss the late 90s and early 2000s where we would just blame slim shady for this ? 
  he would have to play like him, 
  yeah him too , americas dynamic scapegoat duo, 
  luol deng was tonight 's catalyst , his offense sometimes gets over shadowed by his stellar defense , great win, 
  i actually got suspended for arguing with my history teacher when we were on the topic of edison . 
  of course they ca n't resign whiteside ... after he leaves . 
  you think pat riley cares that winslow is a houston native ? 
  this is n't lebron electing to go home , we 're talking trades brotha and winslow is untouchable, 
  i forgot all those guys play for miami . 
  what are you smoking bud ? 
  you should see these houston guys talking about it on r/nba , they 're almost certain they 're getting winslow just cause he 's from houston . 
  smfh, 
  his snapchats are quite annoying , you can tell all he really wants is that big pay day so he can show off in his exotic cars, 
  the fuck ... ? 
  most delusional : you, 
  aint all about % , sometimes it 's the size of your balls . 
  winslow a best shooting night so far , 3/3 on 3s , fucking tits !, 
  no way he does n't make it , he 's been having a hell of year so far and thanks to guys like you he 's never short on votes !, 
  jesus christ guys, 
  i just ca n't handle any more shit posts for the day , but i keep refreshing reddit , cause i 'm at work and i 'm bored and i 'm tired and there 's no fucking snow on christmas again and op is n't really helping with this, 
  why op thinks he 's overrated is beyond me . 
  if curry retired tomorrow he would be a hofer, 
  be a genius, 
  what 's up with carroll ?
