  it says 545 hours ... that seems like way too much . 
  i 'm on ps4 btw, 
  do it, 
  grandmaster wolven , black dye, 
  wish you could watch her die, 
  `` they kicked me outta g-unit and i rebounded like rodman '' - the game, 
  should be zaire wade, 
  heat, 
  the expansion 's are , i guess in your words , yet two more great stories . 
  i think you 're crazy if you do n't try at least blood and wine . 
  you do raise some good points though , i assume though if the game was the way you describe it would be alot darker and less humour and beautiful scenery . 
  yeah basically . 
  according to bosh he was ready to go for playoffs last year . 
  he could very well get shut down this season the same way as he did then . 
  i 'm ready to play too, 
  i do n't like what this is manifesting into ... 
  most dramatic off season ever . 
  god emperor is our only hope, 
  he was more efficient during his miami days in the finals though , must be due to a out of form bosh and declining wade , makes sense . 
  ummm 2015 was the least efficient lebron to date . 
  obviously due to his jacked up usage rate , which is why people are saying his miami teams were better, 
  you 're just adding to my point . 
  2011 is an obvious asterix , everybody knows this, 
  no dumb ass , i 'm saying his most efficient years were in miami even including 2011 because that miami roster was better than this cavs roster , that 's all . 
  his individual performance is clearly better the last two years cause he had to do so much more on his own . 
  wow i 'm dumb , i got mine from bestbuy but mail deliver cause i 'm a lazy sack of shit, 
  they do n't know the struggle of getting sent down to the d-league, 
  ooooooooo, 
  yup same , it was in my mailbox . 
  ordered it yesterday, 
  damn i would be pissed, 
  damn i 'm 10-0 with the raps, 
  i have a 6 `` 11 glass cleaner pf . 
  shortened his wingspan so now he has a mid range of 74 and 3pt of 60 . 
  he 's actually pretty good at shooting , high defensive rating and rebounding obviously . 
  so far i like it, 
  how the hell do you have 3 amethyst badges already . 
  why did i make a big man -_-, 
  it 's really appropriate for now . 
  he can work it up throughout the season, 
  so cheesy, 
  super hard for me to get rebounding badges, 
  6000vc = two nba jerseys , or one hardwood classic , or a pair of lebron 10s, 
  that 's fine . 
  they should just increase the amount of threes you need to his in order to get them in order to accommodate for the difficulty of other archetypes getting their skilled badges, 
  cocaine, 
  damn that kobe one is even better , this guy 's sick . 
  `` they kicked me outta g-unit and i rebounded like rodman '' - the game, 
  terrible, 
  gross, 
  so slutty, 
  depends, 
  cause it 's halal, 
  does n't mean shit . 
  the game is broken as fuck . 
  it used to be that power forwards can snag boards or anyone really with a high rating . 
  my 6 `` 11 glass cleaner pf ca n't grab shit out there . 
  you 'll be fine no matter what you choose , all you need is height apparently, 
  toronto, 
  vince carter ? 
  i know career wise he 's not up with those names , but he was part of that generation and was big time . 
  anybody got a ps2 for sale ? 
  he 's really from brazil though, 
  it is man , he seems like he just wo n't give up . 
  hassan ai n't averaging 20ppg this season ... 
  blow by !, 
  flush !, 
  hello !, 
  florida actually gets submerged under water and we have to rebrand as the atlantis wave, 
  remember remember the 25th of december, 
  one of my favourite gifs . 
  the expression on tulos face and jos\u00e9 s reaction, 
  the best, 
  mcgrady, 
  not enough sunlight, 
  amare was more athletic , but definitely not more skilled than bosh . 
  you 're right , i just believe bosh was a more complete player . 
  prime bosh with nash would be pretty dirty, 
  r/the _ donald is mint what are you saying, 
  probably . 
  just find it entertaining to skim through at times, 
  but it all starts on the concrete, 
  numbers say the nhl is harder, 
  i get what you 're saying , but this page uses more than just roster spots to determine the difficulty of going pro in a sport . 
  you 're probably right, 
  luke babbit can take it from here, 
  he 's gon na average that this season, 
  winning is more destructive than drugs, 
  good start for the super team, 
  the issue needed attention . 
  violence, 
  they never give those out to the team that loses, 
  you are right , but when you compare both players , who had the better career ? 
  if you had to choose one , who would you rather have on your team ? 
  i 'll take darko, 
  so every single team that he was on failed him , not the other way around ? 
  unless you 're the 2007 spurs, 
  why not !, 
  you 're right , while we lost alot this summer , we were n't necessarily left with nothing . 
  we 're set to overachieve,
