  nobody is offering anything great in terms of young talent, 
  jesus you 're right . 
  this can not be the timeline . 
  i do n't wan na see that at all, 
  i 'm assuming since a deal has n't been done yet . 
  phoenix came closest but wo n't give up booker or jackson . 
  which makes sense , why offer young talent for a 2 year rental with no commitment ? 
  most teams with young prospects know they 're not contending anytime soon . 
  lost so much depth this year but gained 2 stars, 
  link, 
  something something supersonic, 
  rip allies, 
  think that 's a bitch of some sort, 
  he 's not . 
  but hes top 5 among big men . 
  the fact that his offense is way more serviceable than deandre and rudy is a pretry big deal imo . 
  we have a top 5 rim protector who can also score . 
  those `` fans '' probably do n't understand what trades are . 
  hey now relax there bud, 
  not even close, 
  joe rogan experience, 
  that 's not your passion . 
  dig deep brother , it 's somewhere in there . 
  i think that 's quite impossible to predict , especially in that long of a time frame . 
  look at all the unpredictable shit that 's happened in the last two years . 
  you 're lucky your girl let 's you do that . 
  i wish, 
  as if next year is a make it break it year for them lol . 
  boston just set themselves up for a nice little run with room to add pieces . 
  meh not really . 
  more like a very talented scorer who might have benefited greatly from a good coach . 
  it 's a good question, 
  which indicates it 'll likely be exhausted by the 5th round, 
  good god how the hell is she only 18, 
  demar would take off with his foot on the 3pt line for a 2pt dunk . 
  going to mexico for vacation in october and coming back just in time for nba opening night . 
  i 'd give her some of my ajvar, 
  fuck miami, 
  bulls fans gon na vote themselves out too, 
  hope there 's some left after this hurricane, 
  demar for shump, 
  lol his shirt !!, 
  sick, 
  phoenix bout to swoop in, 
  i believe, 
  honestly would n't take much to add 45-60 seconds on each track , not sure why he thought going with really short tracks is a good idea . 
  era xxx, 
  you can milk anything with wopples, 
  damn this made me thirsty, 
  same here , i take plays off on defense as well, 
  damn you must some type of master mathematician, 
  yeah my comment screams anti-semitism . 
  we just met babe , give me a chance, 
  that `` whatever lebron draws up '' has been working pretty well over the last decade . 
  that same 2k exec is gon na come up with the genius idea of charging more for the kyrie boston cover, 
  how is he not ... 
  no assists means not a team player on r/nba . 
  spo runs hassan isos all day long , hassan such a ball hog, 
  i wish you would just get bought out and come back and mentor dion . 
  i ai n't even close to bron like that, 
  i think it 's the other way around , but dion wo n't mind . 
  chokes on brat wurst, 
  fuck yeah , i miss jerking off everywhere, 
  damn , rip brinks truck, 
  man i need spo to maximize my talent asap, 
  even the picanha is better outside of brazil, 
  tbf i dont think there 's a trade out there that puts you over top gsw, 
  how many defensive stud point guards are even out there ? 
  with what kyrie brings to the table who gives a shit about his defense . 
  every point guard is basically a liability on defense unless you 're cp3 or a specialist like beverly . 
  i got it , figured might as well get heat shaq cause i 'm heat fan . 
  and i 'm gon na buy vc either way so, 
  probably myplayer , do n't play too much myteam, 
  87 is fair, 
  nikola jokic should not even be close to an 88 though, 
  we lucked out being in a weak ass group . 
  elimination games will be tough though, 
  who should he play for ? 
  he 's an all-star get over it, 
  only good thing about zagreb is that museum . 
  other than that , probably the most boring capitol city in europe . 
  go to split . 
  yes and i agree it is one of the more interesting museums . 
  i 'm from karlovac so i 've been to zagreb plenty of times . 
  it 's nice to spend maybe a day or two sight seeing , but for anyone that wants to get a true taste of croatia i always recommend the dalmatian coast . 
  fuck yeah , have fun man . 
  season is winding down so most of the tourists are gone but still relatively nice weather , best time of year in my opinion . 
  well other than it actually being voted as one of the most boring city 's in europe for young people a few years in a row , mostly just personal expereince . 
  does n't offer anything extravagant in terms of night life . 
  great people and still a nice city to visit but for no more than 2 days . 
  he 's not the most ripped guy though, 
  our newly signed players are assets . 
  even though i dont like to call them that , that 's what they are , assets . 
  he knows the demise is imminent, 
  is dwane casey coaching lithuania ? 
  winter is coming, 
  glimmer of hope, 
  then i get all fuuuucked up, 
  now i 'm salty that i sold mine -_-, 
  forgetting raptors legend roko uki\u0107,
