  it sounds ridiculous to say but that 's only because your team is ridiculously constructed . 
  if it were the same two teams from last year colliding , gsw would be the underdogs . 
  bought one on release , sold it after a month . 
  but maybe that 's just because i 'm not really into gaming anymore, 
  i ca n't stand these cnn anchors , makes my fucking blood boil how they talk, 
  this is true , his best days are well behind him . 
  who 's the thirstiest team in the post season ? 
  how is this my first time seeing this, 
  guess we do n't have a superstar, 
  god damn, 
  keep going up, 
  wish i could jerk off on cam for 30 $ / h, 
  what a vague statement . 
  4/109 is n't even that bad of a max for his skillset, 
  yeah i do n't disagree with the trade , but some teams will be happy with that contract . 
  i think at the trade deadline he was still a bit of a question mark . 
  the short time he played with the mavs showed alot of promise , some teams wo n't have a problem risking it with that signing . 
  there are definitely worse deals out there . 
  honestly i think they 're banking on embiid staying healthy and playing simmons and dario together , which on paper looks pretty good for spacing in today 's league . 
  ahh true , good point, 
  cavs , fuck dan gilbert but i ca n't hate on lebron . 
  actually their whole team is pretty likeable, 
  i always confuse my fitbit with a timbit, 
  more likeable than gsw that 's for sure , but to each their own, 
  kind of the definition of salt right there . 
  which leaves nothing left to read . 
  why waste my time ? 
  why would i read a book titled `` cigarettes cure cancer '' ? 
  nba finals and pay day !, 
  all these made up new positions smh, 
  full fledged debate to say the least, 
  kobe had a much greater career ... 
  in terms of careers , kobe had a much better career, 
  honestly doris is the best, 
  cavs in 4, 
  abc, 
  not if you pave a hard enough road, 
  what are you a rocket scientist or something ? 
  the miami heat select tj leaf out of ucla, 
  u/tugsbunny is on the clock, 
  i think he 's worth the risk at 14 , he might be the most talented player outside the lottery, 
  i 've never seen anyone rank iverson over wade , interesting list, 
  god please win tonight cavs and pull r/nba into a spiral, 
  not at all, 
  what, 
  doubt it, 
  cause he 's a scrub and would be robin to batman waiters, 
  post malone will go down as top 5 all time, 
  sit down lil bitch, 
  not by a huge margin in my opinion . 
  plus lebron can whip a pass stronger than anybody in the league probably , he definitely a top 3 passer in the league, 
  haha lottery teams for the win !, 
  did n't get swept, 
  it had to change, 
  but everyone does it ... especially in the last decade, 
  it ends even faster . 
  enjoy it . 
  i know right . 
  hate golden state as much as you want but that whole team was drafted or assembled through trade , minus kd . 
  honestly can i get some appreciation for these finals cause i 've been killing it in life the last 2 weeks, 
  one game at a time, 
  i think people think he does n't fit the prototypical best player in the league body frame , since he 's a point guard . 
  it was always somebody 6 ' 6 or taller, 
  i think he does a lot more than that but he 's not driving on dudes and cramming on them for obvious reasons , he 's miniature . 
  could be a psychological thing for us fans but those dr.j / mj like traits is normally what we associate with being the best in the league . 
  that 's my point . 
  they were mvps but nobody ever considered them to be the best in the league . 
  especially nash, 
  hell naw he 's getting a 10 year half a billion dollar extension from us, 
  they would have a good chance of beating the team that came back being down 3-1 the year prior, 
  alcoholism is culture , do n't ever let anyone tell you otherwise, 
  let 's just start the list at 100 br , like anyone cares ramon sessions is a fa, 
  waiters and lebron would n't mesh well anyways so i 'm happy, 
  what is your stance on broom control laws ? 
  well my name 's definitely not victor so you lose that battle , you lose that battle 9 times out of 10 . 
  put him in the rest of the games pls, 
  come on man, 
  it 'll feel better to hoist it in the bay anyways . 
  they ca n't be wrong ? 
  what a shit show, 
  this is like wwe, 
  vince mcmahon the new commissioner, 
  zazas face is dartboard material, 
  record for longest 3rd fucking quarter too probably, 
  bring back slamball !!, 
  toaster does n't work clearly . 
  what a sham, 
  so we get rid of all those people, 
  nowhere . 
  adam silver already burned all the tapes, 
  damn the money changed my man quick, 
  did n't russ only sign a 3 year deal with an option ? 
  you make it seem like the nba is some type of anime series, 
  i thought it was interesting when on my instagram it said you also follow xxx . 
  ca n't keep my disc in my pants !, 
  how do you figure ? 
  as if married couples ca n't go out together ? 
  miami is miami man , does n't matter if you 're married , single , homeless , gay , it 's the place to be . 
  dude what the hell are you talking about , it 's not like a club is a giant orgy . 
  plenty of nba stars go out with their wives , plenty of regular people to do,
