  honestly i would n't mind having wade come off the bench but i know that would never happen, 
  i agree with that bro , but i think this team was designed to contend . 
  whether or not they will remains unsaid . 
  but who knows maybe you 're right , maybe next year wade will accept a bench role and proves to be just as efficient as a sixth man, 
  never thought i 'd live to see the day the lakers were called `` the other la team '', 
  op is probably old enough to be your dad . 
  i am not surprised at all by this , sorry if my post came off that way . 
  seen a lot of people writing wade off on here prior to this season but i knew he was able to sustain numbers similar to last year , let 's hope he keeps it up . 
  edit : i 'm actually only 24 but i have a son and i 've been waiting to use that line for a while now . 
  that 's a blowout, 
  as in paul `` small forward playing the 4 '' george ... top 5 sg ? 
  i 'll allow it, 
  crowd : ` ssshhheeeeeeeed !, 
  just stopppp it d wade damn, 
  carry on ... 
  honestly that 's the only thing they have yet to prove . 
  a playoff series win and a good outing in the second round would really solidify this team as a top tier competitor ... in the east, 
  i 'm not gon na say you 're wrong , cause you 're not, 
  especially when he 's having an off night ... 
  another applause for wades ego . 
  it 's okay whole season to go, 
  balkan priorities, 
  you guys should know a thing or two about army vet jersey 's, 
  really glad i tuned into the end of this game ... wow what a finish/meltdown, 
  truth, 
  lavine looks like a black slim shady but white, 
  fuckkkk i wish i was 18 again :( nothing like weed and a new video game that requires a shit ton of playing time . 
  happy birthday guy !, 
  they actually kinda grew on me . 
  compared to some other army jerseys , these ones are very creative . 
  the numbers and letters look all air force like and then you have the stars and stripes on each of the shoulders . 
  yeah i know what you mean , at least they 're sleeveless, 
  whiteside + bosh = beast brothers, 
  whiteside + bosh = beast brothers, 
  shots not falling, 
  it 's like psycho t. ... with actual skill, 
  `` missing ross today really hurt us '' - said no raptor fan ever, 
  which is why the raptors were so soft today , they really need him out on the floor, 
  first take is like the cnn of the sports world . 
  80 % bullshit but still kinda entertaining . 
  damn ... i would n't fuck with you then, 
  injuries , never fully recovered, 
  exactly . 
  dragi\u0107 should run the young legs , and wade should orchestrate a slower game feeding whiteside and kicking it to bosh, 
  you mean you do n't pay 700 $ a month like me ? 
  what 's the point of seeing it , i 've seen it all, 
  people do that in exchange for basketball skills ? 
  man i 've been saying this for a while now , wade and dragi\u0107 just do n't mix well together , they each need their own unit . 
  but it 's all a matter of rotation and i 'm sure spo sees that , he 's gon na figure this out, 
  you 're up winslow , spo should play him 48 minutes, 
  well wade is out tonight , let 's see what the dragon does, 
  winslow gon na lock that ass down, 
  winslow guards all, 
  this is getting ridiculous, 
  winslow is also in a great situation with the heat . 
  i 'm sure kamimsky could contribute somewhere else more than he is now with charlotte, 
  i 'm not buying that , he 's shown in the past to be effective , he had a good game in the first week . 
  passing and rim finishing are his top skills, 
  this is true , we are always clogged down low with that starting line up, 
  i hope he just needs a good lay and, 
  hard being married in miami with 90 mil and your wife overseas, 
  he was always an above average passer imo . 
  maybe i 'm wrong . 
  what a fucking stud !, 
  he 's got ta be cheating somehow, 
  holy that 's my birthday , best present ever . 
  thank you adam silver, 
  i had to demand a refund by email because there is no tech support phone line if you subscribed outside of the u.s. 
  i explained to them that all of the games have been blacked out since opening day on all three of my consoles but for some weird reason it worked on my mobile device . 
  they kept giving me obvious solutions like `` reset the system , reinstall app , etc '' clearly they did n't understand the problem and i do n't blame them cause it was all done through email . 
  anyways once i seen that my credit card was charged for the premium pass after i insisted on getting refunded i sent them an email in all caps ( to display my fury ) boy did that work well , was refunded within the hour . 
  i had a great first year experience with them last year which is why i extended it to this year , but they failed to address the issue i was having so they wo n't be getting another penny from me . 
  steve blake deserved two mentions, 
  you know drummond ai n't getting in then , as long as he 's in detroit he 's gon na be an all star snub, 
  * no mods *, 
  same thing in witcher 3 . 
  dammit , what happened to just plain and simple `` total time played : '' last gen systems never had this issue, 
  traitor, 
  the kid is looking great so far , i want you guys to make playoffs so bad, 
  thank u, 
  i thought the same , except if he jumped up on the scorers table i would expect a different result ... . 
  this guy just abuses basketballs on their way to the rim, 
  that `` my house '' celebration he did after that block is keeping me pretty hopeful . 
  second time now ? 
  in a one year span ? 
  beast, 
  pat riley put that boy in line, 
  21 turnovers baby !, 
  i guess slovenia was part of the ussr, 
  no , she 's actually gorgeous ... 
  guy still wo n't change his opinion about him just so he can say `` i told yall '' when he has a bad game, 
  the man can not pronounce `` dragi\u0107 '' he says drajjick ... 
  i want that heat raptors first round matchup doe, 
  grabbed his face with both hands and just pressed really hard, 
  ... this shit happens ... it 's no secret, 
  what a dumbass statement ... i guess teams that lose on buzzer beaters did n't play hard enough that last 47.5 minutes . 
  damn , you heartless, 
  his clutch gene is really developing this year ... 
  i want one now :(, 
  already see some people on facebook having a faded picture of gobert on their profile pics,
