  yeah that 's bills show on hbo , bosh is on that tonight, 
  so he 's staying , phew , great news, 
  man fuck durant , the real hero is yet to make a decision, 
  i think you 're spot on, 
  was n't as bad though , i feel like even if he comes back he 's gon na half ass next season and not even take it seriously ... 
  i 'm crying, 
  not like this man, 
  something had to have happened behind the scenes ,, 
  dumb ass commercial fucking shifntkrksksmndbdkdnfnfkfmfjdkd, 
  my insides are turning, 
  he 's more than right, 
  thats all it took ??? 
  thats all it fuxming took, 
  it was n't money , we prioritized hassan and durant over wade which i 've been saying for a while is more than fucking stupid, 
  yeah i was all for maxing wade and letting hassan walk, 
  no man i do n't agree with that , fo did him dirty bro , you do n't do this to a player like wade . 
  yeah our future is more promising now but he was supposed to retire with us , and he 's still an above average player, 
  end of story, 
  puke in my mouth, 
  ughhhhh noooo :'( the first piece of clothing my newborn son wore was a wade one piece jersey . 
  i mean , realistically he made the smart business move . 
  but as a fan this sucks emotionally, 
  he left ... 
  thank you # 3 for 3 !, 
  you deserve every penny and i hope you give us more memories in your hometown !, 
  ca n't wait for the story behind the scenes to unfold cause this just does n't add up, 
  especially with wade gone now, 
  can he back out ? 
  he should back out, 
  he 's playing for money at this point , we 'll see how he plays next year but i think last year was the last passionate wade, 
  then he really felt mistreated , cause it was only 3.5 mil difference between miami and chicago , after taxes even less than that . 
  really sad how this all unfolded . 
  paying wade would have set us back for sure in the future , but the heat owed it to him !, 
  miami fans are happy about winslow and richardson ... this is fucking dwyane wade were talking about , and now he 's gone ... forever , thanks to nobody else but pat riley who always looked at him as an afterthought , i am bitter about this , wade wants to stay in miami i know he does , this is about sticking it to the man , and for that i respect him even more than before . 
  pat riley fucked up, 
  fucking inbred fucks , do n't even watch basketball, 
  he wanted to stick it to pat riley and he had every right to . 
  i seem to be the only heat fan that thinks otherwise . 
  everyone on the heat sub are sayin `` it 's about the future '' `` he wants to kobe us '', 
  i 'm sorry but fuck the future if wade 's final game is n't in a heat uniform . 
  if i 'm pat riley i 'm doing whatever it takes to keep this man happy . 
  not to mention he dragged us into the second round of the playoffs last season and could.be more than useful for this upcoming season , his leadership and mentoring skills towards winslow and richardson are priceless , along with his legacy . 
  pat riley fucked up, 
  wade should be the one burning his jersey after how our fo handled this situation , dumb asses, 
  should have been wade, 
  playoffs though, 
  i wan na fight riley right now, 
  i fucking ca n't either man , everyone on the heat sub seems happy though and it 's pissing me off . 
  we just lost our only legend ... for years i 've pictured watching his final game with us similar to kobe with the lakers . 
  we 'll never get that now . 
  all for the not risking losing jrich a couple of years from now , that 's what our fo threw wade 's legacy out the window for . 
  a couple of good prospects, 
  if anything pat proved that he ca n't even shed a tear with this whole ordeal . 
  heartless bastard ... 
  yeah and no that 's not reasonable , i could live with losing jrich but not both of them . 
  i just think this whole scenario would have been alot different if they came to wade first with 20mil , before even talking to hassan , and not even getting in a room with durant for a pointless meeting . 
  if they approached him first and told him how much he means to the organization and how much they need his leadership for these younger guys , he would still be in a heat uniform next year . 
  god damn it :'(, 
  we better sign him 3 years from now, 
  fuck you forever, 
  dark . 
  dark thoughts, 
  i swear garpax hopped on this wade thing just for the heck of it . 
  it 's a terrible fit, 
  no , this was the biggest mistake of his executive career, 
  let whiteside walk to dallas . 
  we 're about to get 2013 bynumed . 
  this was the solution, 
  he 's still a risk at this point . 
  for all that wade 's done for us , he never got a contract like whiteside . 
  let him walk pay wade, 
  we 'll see how effective whiteside is without wade finding him and throwing him lobs , and now that he 's a 100million dollar man . 
  bigs are dying out in this league , a replacement could have been found for whiteside , ca n't replace wade, 
  i trust him too , but it 's not wrong to admit he made a mistake here . 
  cause he did , and when its all said and done i hope he looks back and admits he made a mistake in mishandling wade . 
  i 'm with you , the thought of wade 's pictures and banners coming down around the aaa is making me sick , i dont think i 'm ready for that, 
  thank fucking chicago, 
  i thought this was a joke at first ... riley lost his marbles, 
  i would love durant if wade pulls a deandre on the bulls, 
  i know , but off the record , i had nothing to do with it, 
  miami will always be home to wade , i doubt he even sells his house here . 
  i 'm also hoping we sign him during his final year . 
  who knows , maybe this is a last little chapter for wade in chicago , hella weird team brewing up there though, 
  i 'm hoping he made this decision out of anger and in the morning after a nights sleep he changes his mind ... 
  it was owed to him, 
  he will come back, 
  that 's if he even cares to be that with this team . 
  he was a leader in miami, 
  and he fucking should have , i 'm so pissed about this man fuck, 
  dwight, 
  banana boat team is gon na team up in chicago next year, 
  yeah same here dude , people keep talking about `` the future '' fuck that noise , i want a future where wade retires as a heat, 
  can we not throw in wade just yet pls , n nothing has been signed ... there 's still hope, 
  not right away though ... 
  rose, 
  e : rondo, 
  i honestly think he hates the thought of leaving miami . 
  i think he 's just as surprised as everybody else . 
  he was pushed over the ledge , extremely unfortunate how all of this played out , i 'm not as happy about it as other heat fans seem to be, 
  are you looking for serious relationship ?
