  gobert is dpoy candidate and improved offensively , hassan can give you 17 + pts a night and also improved his perimeter defense , kevin love is terrific rebounder and offensive threat , we all know what davis , cousins and towns are capable of . 
  dwight howard can still give you some sort of rim protection at least but he 's sorta washed . 
  drummond really stands out as the most one dimensional player out of those top 10 rebounding guys . 
  i 'm not even hating just saying , i 'll take even tristan thompson 's rebounding , hustle and defensive prowess over drummond , just my opinion . 
  that point you just made about tt is why i believe drummond would be an amazing clean up guy on a contending team . 
  a team where he 's not a focal point on offense at all . 
  where he can just focus on what he does best , rebound and put backs . 
  feel like he 's got too much pressure in detroit to be this full equipped big man when he really is n't that skilled . 
  he 's really young , so he 's got that going for him , but like everyone else says , he has n't shown too much development since his rookie year . 
  facts, 
  yeah but you 're a * fake * one seed , nawm sayin ? 
  it 's not the same, 
  yeah . 
  see , you get it, 
  best raptor yeah, 
  nothing like curling two gallons of milk, 
  what a scrub, 
  pathetic, 
  bet you silicon valley fucks ca n't figure out how to light water on fire , well these guys lit a whole fucking river on fire . 
  that whole spotify sync bullshit pissed me right off . 
  the fact you ca n't log into spotify , a paid service , without your facebook account is insane . 
  you wish, 
  but phil asked him to do a pull up and if he was healthy , noah said yes . 
  i guess im almost 30 , fuck man :(, 
  why complain about something so beautiful, 
  gortat gon na feast this series, 
  ya ca n't believe the nets could n't beat boston though, 
  fuck the green guys, 
  when was this even a question ? 
  chocolate milk  henny, 
  olynyk is trash, 
  raptors gon na sweep y' all too, 
  horford , a poor man 's olynyk, 
  lol wiz with the reverse blowout, 
  al horford on tj ford , anyone remember ? 
  lol look at the vid again , you can see him say `` i 'm gon na step on his foot '' . 
  ended his career that 's for certain, 
  he grabbed his ankle and twisted it, 
  raptors coping mechanism, 
  should have just brought slamball back, 
  can you list all 75 million ? 
  you 're acting like ws matter, 
  this is what chicago needed, 
  wo n't believe it till woj reports it, 
  clearly never hit up the mormon after hour joints, 
  i agree with everything that 's being said about wade in here , granted that we 're talking about 35 year old wade . 
  i 'd take him back in a heart beat if he was 33 or younger wade . 
  man , the ones with the caramel in the middle . 
  imagine spurs max dion next year and him and kawhi go on to win mad rings together, 
  saved, 
  how does your statement differ from the guy you replied to ? 
  both of you are pretending like you know his situation . 
  fact is he made more than enough money to live more than comfortably for a lifetime . 
  so he 's assuming he was n't dumb with his money , you 're assuming he might have been dumb and blew it all . 
  what the hell is the difference ? 
  untill i read the headline `` former nba # 1 pick claims to be on food stamps . '', 
  it 's more logical to assume that he has a nice chunk of change still laying around . 
  how what works ? 
  you 're saying it 's more logical to assume a guy has an underlying financial management problem than not ? 
  it 's completely fair to assume that a player who 's made millions in his short lived career is indeed set for life . 
  honestly just stood up for a guy who got called out for using the term `` set for life '' . 
  when it 's completely fair to assume he is indeed `` set for life '' . 
  this sub bro . 
  i 'm with you on this one . 
  but this is pointless , gon na stop replying to these nitpickers . 
  that 's literally what set these keyboard warriors off . 
  if you were having this convo in person you would n't have to clarify yourself . 
  nitpick at every little thing man, 
  i 'd take bigger shoulders over a better pnr game all day, 
  later on in their lives , presumably . 
  24 year old anthony bennett who made 1.2 mil this year ? 
  highly doubt it . 
  i know it 's sad . 
  soft 7 footers yeah . 
  coach of the year, 
  damn . 
  see chris bosh , be grateful we did n't go this route . 
  could easily be organized, 
  i 'm just saying , we let the guy keep his money instead of giving him a pair of concrete boots off of key largo, 
  straight up , that was a freethrow, 
  it is . 
  but always a lot more entertaining when you guys lose . 
  no rondo . 
  ahhh ok so give them all my yearly earnings . 
  wade county flooded and became waiters island, 
  so rondo 's absence had nothing to with it it seems, 
  people are hitting the upvote button, 
  not every team has the luxury to play their stars only 3 quarters, 
  i 'm sure if the cavs had 3 players of equal calibre to kd , klay and dray , lebron would finally be able to get a break . 
  i 'm lost ? 
  he made 1.2 mil this year . 
  he does n't have to do shit, 
  just rest everyone casey , what 's the point, 
  mcbob for okafor straight up . 
  only possible deal, 
  i like my shoes bbw, 
  lecareless, 
  jesus christ , shades of my ex, 
  he can have her . 
  now that 's how you shed a contract,
