  of course we can this year, 
  yes i 've seen it happen, 
  wait was that the bargnani pick lmao ? 
  used to have a pretty good guy for that, 
  the score is alot closer than the game actually is, 
  at times he seemed really frustrated and sporadic . 
  i think he 's trying to do too much , maybe he just is n't meant to be the go to guy just yet, 
  you scurred of lebron , it 's okay, 
  clippers will never amount to anything . 
  their window closed shut, 
  wasted career, 
  damn he died on my birthday :(, 
  kobe, 
  i ca n't stand his fucking shot form, 
  muscles growing out of his ears, 
  what 's the approximate campaign length ? 
  damn that is extremely short ... i 'm only interested in the offline so i do n't know if it 's worth paying full price for 8 hours of play, 
  offensive foul, 
  that pass to butler on the fast break , sweet, 
  whiteside over drummond for sure , but it 's gon na be hard to beat out howard 's fanbase . 
  millsap is a stud too, 
  pushed off on winslow heavy , hard to see because tj runs in camera view when it happens, 
  username checks out, 
  it 's unreal how much disrespect the raptors get around here . 
  while every other team in the east has beyond struggled to stay relevant they are heading into their 4th straight successful season and the clear second best team in the east . 
  e : not to mention you got demar going bonkers right now , looking like he 'll have his first 25 + ppg season . 
  if we 're using the last 6 games as sample size then yes they are . 
  they do n't have chemistry issues like some of these newer teams , they have a proven all-star backcourt with an above average front court . 
  most importantly , this team is deep !, 
  they are the second best team in the east without a doubt, 
  how about the fact that they kept their nucleus intact and have a track record of being successful . 
  they are the most experienced team in the east minus the cavs and that shit fucking matters . 
  no ecf is not a lock for any team except the cavs , not even the warriors for the wcf . 
  we 're talking about who the second best team in the east is and thats the raptors, 
  nothing better than watching demar fill it up on a sunday evening, 
  perdle double double incoming , calling it now, 
  demarre man needs to know those down, 
  needs to decompress, 
  this is where spo deserves some credit, 
  lebron would do wonders for him, 
  ironically , his son is gay as hell, 
  pedro ai n't about that wall, 
  kinda weird how demar never gets brought up in those arguments . 
  dude was literally only a high flyer when he came in , he expanded his game so much since . 
  i agree he 's not a good shooter , but he actually has great foot work and gets to the rim at will . 
  all of these things he did n't posses as a rookie in 09 . 
  he was really one dimensional . 
  my point was just that players who are dedicated and determined to get better will . 
  justise is only 20 and if it takes him 3 years to develop a consistent offensive game that 's not horrible . 
  that being said , we should have drafted booker lol . 
  what does it all mean, 
  `` they 're gon na pay ... . with downvotes ! '', 
  so honorable , even in defeat . 
  would be kinda mint though . 
  if he did n't even tell him in person just gets a text . 
  `` pack your bags son , you 're going to hell . '', 
  it 's right there at the bottom , he wrote `` league '' not sure why he gave us his ip address right after though, 
  that name is anime as fuck, 
  weird mental image, 
  penis boners are the weirdest, 
  how were you a fan at zero years old ? 
  i upvoted, 
  what you meant to say was demarre decarrol, 
  anyone else ? 
  sums up our season . 
  the miami potato sacks, 
  damn these heat jerseys are fresh as hell, 
  does phil jackson have any idea who 's even on his roster ? 
  i ca n't even watch it in two separate rooms with one account ... how would this work, 
  yeah i guess , i 'm in canada, 
  how has ingram looked so far anyways ? 
  my man, 
  cause sometimes you just feel like reading some garbage ass shit, 
  but ws brah, 
  maybe the dnc should n't have forced a nominee down the american people 's throats with hillary . 
  bernie would have beat trump and he lost the democratic nomination unfairly . 
  the democrats learned the hard way and just jeopardized the entire fucking country with their corrupt antics . 
  clinton just destroyed the dems reputation and they 'll hate her forever for it . 
  really sad . 
  really really sad . 
  the democrats have nobody to blame but themselves with their corrupt antics . 
  bernie was the only viable candidate and he lost his nomination unfairly . 
  thanks to the dnc and the clinton campaign . 
  bernie 's numbers against trump are much better than clinton 's . 
  trump would not have stood a chance , i believe there was a lot of spiteful voting against hillary and rightfully so . 
  the people wanted bernie but they got clinton . 
  the proof is everywhere, 
  yes . 
  i think it 's idiotic to blame the american people for voting trump in . 
  say what you want about the guy , at the very least he ran an honest campaign , something hillary and the dnc ca n't say . 
  the american people are tired , tired of the all the lies , tired of same old dishonest politicians . 
  so before everybody brings out the pitchforks , as a fellow canadian , let 's see what trump is really about first . 
  his speech earlier today had a different tone to it . 
  let 's hope the people he placed around him can steer him and america in the right direction . 
  i guess wikileaks is still a big old conspiracy theory to you is n't it ? 
  i suggest you have a gander at all the documents that have been released against clinton, 
  not sure what you 're implying, 
  there 's more than enough evidence that suggests they manipulates voting in her favour . 
  america is in better hands with trump than hillary get over it . 
  he did n't get his nomination through lying though .
