  a month of good basketball = winning culture ? 
  in that case , you 're 100 % right . 
  im not quite sure you understand what i meant by my original comment . 
  i was n't bashing your team, 
  i know , i was being generous with my timeline . 
  but you 're right , it 's a ugly road and i would never be in favor of it . 
  true form is here, 
  nah , spurs commin for that ass, 
  i guess i meant sympathy . 
  but i can empathize for people despite never sharing that experience . 
  this is past feeling sorry for him . 
  no way , dion is on a better contract, 
  avoid the spurs at all costs . 
  trust me, 
  problem with that is , that reevaluation needs to come from self realization . 
  it does n't matter how many people , friends , family members bark up his alley begging him to get help . 
  it 's all useless until he realizes himself that he needs help . 
  michael finely ? 
  honestly i get the whole sentiment of facing the cavs first round . 
  but fuck that , if we 're being real we should be aiming for that 7 spot . 
  we could really give any team other than the cavs a run for their money and potentially pull off an upset . 
  lmao , you ca n't use the term `` tank '' to cover up an unsuccessful season . 
  you guys are n't tanking you 're straight trash , the hype was real in the offseason though . 
  on * that * team ?!, 
  you 're kidding . 
  it 's incredible that he did n't take a step back playing with bum ass rose, 
  not at all . 
  everyone , including myself , thought we were gon na be a lottery team . 
  season started out as if that were the case as well . . 
  holy fuck life must be depressing for you guys . 
  hope you guys find a better coach , you have the talent . 
  i had a ton of respect for your team after laster years playoffs . 
  you 're being the salty cunt right now, 
  they can go lower ... please go lower, 
  / r/the _ dion, 
  you 're saying that as if you guys were all angels in a heated playoff series . 
  i do n't think so ... ? 
  they hold the tie breaker though as of now, 
  ughh it 's gon na be a sketchy finale i just know it, 
  wow kawhi is on high ph levels !, 
  cheater, 
  quite a few guys that fit that category, 
  i never came here to troll , i just lurk and read comments . 
  and i replied to , in my opinion , a stupid comment . 
  maybe i should n't have . 
  unfortunately , at this stage of his career it 's the only way for him to be the most effective . 
  it would, 
  making the 30k mark is more about longevity , and that 's totally unpredictable . 
  what else did you guys do that day , please share more, 
  seriously ... come on guys get it together, 
  smfh cavs ... you had one job, 
  cavs need some scrappy g-leaguers, 
  #see you monday, 
  just my two cents , but i feel like stamina is one of the biggest factors which separates , amateurs , pro-amateurs and pro 's . 
  of course skill and talent as well . 
  my nba comparison : a worse version of anthony bennett, 
  i agree , but if i had to categorize big ben , i 'd call him a defensive superstar, 
  yeah ... but this feat is still pretty glaring . 
  that team should n't be 1-5 when lebrons producing like that, 
  and that 's a problem, 
  my favorite pick up guys to play alongside with are guys that know they ca n't jack up shots cause they are aware they 're not that good , but they never miss a box out and always try their hardest on defense . 
  ( i 'm one of those guys sometimes as well , i 'm no kobe ) . 
  call jimmy john 's, 
  trump is controlled opposition . 
  the elites are showing us their cards, 
  might as well start then , maybe it has reverse effect on you, 
  you can work on your ball skills . 
  it 's hard to get your conditioning up for most people . 
  it 's my opinion, 
  somebody needs to investigate that cafeteria, 
  it 's simple guys . 
  lose tomorrow , and then win out . 
  write that down casey, 
  i 'm with dion, 
  buy a nintendo switch and zelda, 
  ingram : `` i should have read my scouting report '', 
  i 'm stuck on a shrine lol . 
  this game does n't explain shit ... which is kinda cool but kinda frustrating, 
  not even , still kind of at the beginning , just talked to impa . 
  i wan na collect as many orbs as i can to upgrade before i start doing main quest shit, 
  holy pro tip , thanks boss, 
  lamelo ugly as piss, 
  this was my favorite bed time story as a kid, 
  it 's kd, 
  jab step 2s ? 
  the fuck ? 
  steph do n't do that shit, 
  think we already proved we 're title contenders, 
  luckily they dont, 
  when 's he making his debut ? 
  that 's a short ass party, 
  you should be fine . 
  see a doctor if it stops beating . 
  do n't listen to these guys, 
  guess everyone 's watching heat-raptors tonight, 
  no dragic for tomorrow probably :( gon na be a tough game, 
  lol that 's actually mint , fuck boston, 
  fuck man , it 's not serious of course . 
  but man we need to be at full force for every game !, 
  dragic is our engine,
