  i am sad, 
  i think i 'm gon na puke, 
  well ... okc had three chances , games 5,6 and 7, 
  honestly fuck both the cavs and draymond green , i 'm watching euro cup, 
  i think he goes to barcelona, 
  cavs are pretty maxed ... 
  idk about all that, 
  well then i 'll take your word for it, 
  not rushing him back in the playoffs and making sure he rehabs properly will overshadow the injury, 
  they are the best team without a superstar . 
  durant would be their missing piece , just not sure about the salary situation, 
  take a shot for everytime the ball is dribbled, 
  9 years is enough kd , come to the dark side, 
  i guess , but last year 's atlanta team won 60 + games , none of the teams you just mentioned could achieve that in their present `` superstarless '' state, 
  before second possession *, 
  only logical answer really, 
  nahh that 's realistic , souf beach is always the most logical, 
  weird, 
  1 cream 2 sugar, 
  how the hell did you guys give up a first rounder for andrea , i 'm not even bashing , i genuinely feel sad for yall, 
  teams that make it to the finals have less than 4 months to have a short vacation they deserve , spend time with family , train before training camp/pre seasons starts . 
  most of these guys do n't take days off even when on vacation , they just do less intense workouts . 
  now as for rookies , they want and need as much time as possible during the off season to get better , you say 6 months is too long just cause you ca n't watch ball till october , but you fail to realize that these guys are constantly working , they probably have more time off during the actual season than the off season . 
  i 'll fight him idgaf, 
  championships also set them apart, 
  the man can still jump , he 's a freak, 
  played like ass , it was great, 
  definitely not , this is his best chance as a cavalier , no excuses, 
  let 's wait till porzingis finishes his career first, 
  but this is probably his best chance no ? 
  he 's not getting any younger and i do n't see his supporting cast getting any better than this, 
  report : this is old news !, 
  i wan na wear a doorag like lebron one day, 
  82 million dollar missed lebron highlight, 
  blatt ca n't catch a break, 
  finals delly, 
  lol riley put his fist through a black board ? 
  ... that shit on jr ?? 
  i swear klay and curry threes are contagious, 
  gsw in 4 then, 
  ^ these guys right here lol, 
  ... he 's a rookie , where else would he effen be ? 
  probably play better defense than the cavs , still say we lose though, 
  pretty sure he meant hypothetically, 
  e : i downvoted myself, 
  damn . . :(, 
  in every discussion i get into whether it be with my friends or strangers at the bar , they all have nothing but bad things to say about james harden . 
  i do n't believe he 's won too man people over with his play, 
  this is normal, 
  hell no man , kd was n't even held accountable for choking away this 3-1 lead . 
  my god if the heatles choked away a 3-1 lead in the ecf the media would still be talking about what a failure lebron is . 
  i do n't know what it is exactly but kds negatives seem to be swept under the carpet pretty quickly while lebrons linger around for years . 
  warriors lucked out so bad they ai n't facing the raptors, 
  do n't worry , there 's a special place in hell for those, 
  that assist/turnover ratio tho, 
  how about cleveland ? 
  how 's that situation ? 
  to be fair these warriors would have came one way or another , even if he stayed in miami, 
  fuckin catalina wine mixer, 
  wade played great this year , but you need alot more than that to beat these warriors, 
  it came from his heart, 
  so is jokic, 
  i see golden state taking a one in cleveland then taking a night off so they can hoist it back in the bay, 
  do you have a death wish ? 
  or are you irish ? 
  yes i 'm aware , i was n't hating on him , he 's a fellow countrymen and i love watching him play, 
  yes, 
  this team was designed to take on the spurs that raped the miami heat in 2014 . 
  nobody expected this from golden state , but i 'm sure every contending gm out there is trying to construct a team that could challenge these warriors, 
  helps having lebron find you at the 3pt line, 
  ahhh lebrons the problem , trade him, 
  well ... cavs play good at home , warriors play good on the road . 
  i say next two games will be alot closer but warriors come out with the split, 
  also did more to help lebron get two rings than cleveland ever will or could, 
  just cause lebron wanted to do things his way does n't mean pat riley lost him . 
  clearly pat knew what he was doing and lebron has no clue, 
  this is really his priority right now, 
  we get it , pat riley was n't playing on the court during the big 3 era . 
  like girlfriend crazy ? 
  is there a problem with that ? 
  who single handedly won a championship in the modern era ? 
  it 's like wade 's first championship does n't count cause shaq was there , and his next two do n't count cause lebron was there, 
  it is what it is, 
  not much -_-, 
  i think the term `` carried '' appropriately fits dwyane wade 's performance in the 2006 finals . 
  of course that should n't be confused with single handedly delivering . 
  that 's just dumb and almost impossible, 
  undersized shooting guard, 
  he 's good at basketball , ca n't really say he has a great basketball mind, 
  served aa at a restaurant in toronto . 
  we started talking about how he played for cibona zagreb , ( i 'm serbian so it was cool ) . 
  he said his greatest basketball memory was n't in the nba but in europe playing for zagreb when they took the floor against red star belgrade in belgrade . 
  said he legitimately did n't feel safe at times with the way the crowd was reacting and dozens of fans being thrown out of the arena . 
  really cool guy ... minus him being an hour late - . - he showed up with dominic mcguire and john lucas iii ... and some hoes, 
  lol wtf ? 
  it 's not wrong at all to say wade carried them in 06 just like lebron carried them in 12 am 13 . 
  it 's the guy who 's doing the majority of the things that lead and propel you to success, 
  not in my opinion , but ok , agree to disagree , players carry teams all the time , nobody wins a finals series `` single handedly '', 
  man down !, 
  yeah this shit was hard to watch , could barely finish it,
