  i might be wrong though, 
  shaq respects the future god emperor, 
  man they 're gon na be good ... fuck, 
  roast me to death , but take that back, 
  got ta be the most warrior way of responding to a compliment, 
  i was really expecting better , these threads are dull, 
  so you 're saying cavs would have won in 2015 ? 
  interesting, 
  they 're so sensitive, 
  * hornesack *, 
  i fucking hate this guy , he looks so incompetent on the floor it 's so annoying . 
  also played a factor in us nit being able to re-sign wade, 
  i hope you have prepared your anus, 
  gon na take it dry then, 
  now calm down skeeter , he aint hurt nobody, 
  kat is gon na be a hofer barring any career ending injuries . 
  what the fuck does mirza hitting a game winner over him have anything to do with what a special player he is and is gon na be ? 
  we beat the mavericks in 2011 if we had mj on our team . 
  that 's one scrutiny lebron will never be able to get rid of, 
  brook lopez ? 
  this kid was a fucking rookie last year and yeah i would take him on my team over those two guys you just mentioned, 
  ummm ... yeah ? 
  that would be my point yes, 
  100 % but that 's why people are allowed to use that against him in comparison to jordan , cause like you said he * should 've * won but did n't, 
  never said anything bad about brook , he 's a great player that 's stuck on a not so great team so yeah he 's gon na get underrated at times . 
  trust me you do n't need to remind me of that year -_-, 
  not blaming him , it was his dumbass untradable contract that hindered our process to re sign wade, 
  i mean jordan never put up lebron 2011 type numbers in the finals . 
  that 's a pretty good way of checking it no ? 
  ca n't say lebron did n't have good team cause he did , bosh and wade played their hearts out that series, 
  you 're right , we had a fair chance at winning in 2014 , lebron played great wade was ass and spurs were retarded . 
  we lost fair and square, 
  i messed up by ordering two xxl ones online ... they are really fucking long, 
  i meant mj/wade/bosh, 
  jordans career is over and lebron is 13 years deep . 
  it 's completely fair to put them up against each other and you will see a clear difference in lebrons 2011 finals . 
  a big `` well wtf happened here '' moment . 
  jordan never never had that so it 's fair to assume he would n't do that while having barea/terry guarding him , jesus just the thought of one of those guarding jordan makes me laugh . 
  how did he play in all of those series ? 
  ... mother fucking patty mills, 
  deserved it though . 
  jordan would n't be down 3-1 first of all . 
  lebrons amazing performance last year does n't change 2011, 
  what ? 
  bosh played great that series what are you talking about ? 
  sounds silly cause i do n't believe it to be true . 
  mj did n't average 18ppg against the pistons in 89 , i would n't consider the bulls choking away that series . 
  that was a great pistons team, 
  it 's a useless counter argument in my opinion . 
  lebron was phenomenal last year , lebron has always been phenomenal . 
  a player like lebron has never been as awful as he was in 2011 , and you ca n't just erase that . 
  that 's where jordan is always gon na trump him . 
  if jordan had a year where he just did n't show up and was a shell of himself then you 'd have a case , but that never happened . 
  let alone in a finals series where you 're favoured to win . 
  that 's all i 'm really saying , a silver lining to all that would be that lebron really learned alot from that year and the rest is history from that point forward cause he is # 2 right beneath mj . 
  he was great last year , especially in the playoffs . 
  bosh played his fucking part as a third wheel . 
  lebron fucking james did n't play like the superstar he is , how the fuck are you even arguing that . 
  boshs defensive numbers look bad cause dirk was lighting him up , but look at lebrons season averages that year and look at those finals . 
  actually fuck the numbers , if you watched the whole season like i did and then you watch that series , every single day youre left scratching your head asking what in god 's name is wrong with lebron . 
  witcher 3 man . 
  what a fucking experience , i wish i could just erase my memory of it just so i could play it again ... and then again ... and again . 
  i 've never played any of the other witcher series as well , and still had no problems connecting the dots in the story . 
  only a few characters pop up that geralt ( the main character ) knows from the past . 
  it 's not necessary at all to play the previous ones, 
  somebody 's you live with apparently, 
  i 'm not really exchanging what ifs . 
  simply saying jordan never had the meltdown that lebron did that 's all . 
  what lebron accomplished last year nobody can take that away from him , same thing unfortunately applies in 2011 . 
  wait ... lebrons undefeated in the first three rounds of the playoffs ? 
  just find me a series where mj averaged 18ppg please, 
  jj barea and jason terry ? 
  i agree with you, 
  my comment was n't shitting on lebron , he 's the second greatest player to ever play this game . 
  jordan just set the bar so damn high, 
  i envy you ... 
  like you have a wife, 
  that 's actually super depressing . 
  glad i 've yet to scratch the surface of blood and wine . 
  i dont want geralts adventure to ever die , i want to be geralt . 
  on a side note , that cyber punk looks promising ... 
  that 's the whole point , we would n't need 2015 or 2016 lebron . 
  give me 2012 lebron or even 2009-10 lebron . 
  the point is that 2011 finals lebron was a weird version of him and the likes of which we 've never seen from a super star of his calibre . 
  it 's not like he played like that all season , he was great , but something happened in those finals . 
  made us alot worse , chicago looks better on paper but we 're gon na have to wait and see how it actually works out . 
  if bosh happens to return i could see us being the better team, 
  get yourself a kodi box, 
  i think it 's absolutely fair to see jordan would n't have melted down like that . 
  forget about getting to the finals that 's not what i 'm talking about . even kobe would n't have melted down like that , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  it was weirdest version of lebron we have ever seen . 
  are you sure about that ? 
  we win everything , even nba shampionchip, 
  hey maybe he knows people within the bulls organization , he knows things, 
  follow her around for a day ... see what ... she 's up to, 
  he ca n't shoot ? 
  just cause he 's not a prolific three point shooter , does n't mean he ca n't shoot . 
  his mid range game is lethal , and if anything he showed us last year that he can even hit threes when his team needs it most . 
  oh my bad , i did n't know the term shooting in basketball only applies to long distance shots . 
  what 's it called when you take a shot from inside the 3pt line ?
