  just smart fo moves . 
  from player selection to coaching, 
  goat raptor, 
  a girly champion name, 
  i do n't think he 's gon na be a bust . 
  he has an interesting skill set , especially for this era . 
  i do believe he was picked ahead of some more skillful players ... 
  but i 'm not complaining, 
  most annoying announcers, 
  he 's top 20 but nowhere near top 5 imo, 
  put a muzzle on it jeff , toronto going to the ecf, 
  meh ... couple less rebounds for a true lebron, 
  what in the world ... 
  yeah lol that 's exactly what i meant, 
  are you serious . . ? 
  how have i never heard this before ?!, 
  this is life, 
  i 'm punching my card in at 6am on sundays to cap off my 60 hour week . 
  join the trade they said ... 
  dawg this literally just happened , how u do dis, 
  unreal, 
  oh it 's gon be lit fo sho, 
  just to be first seed in the east for a couple years, 
  steph will bring a couple more home to ohio , you can count on that, 
  amazing game, 
  ... ` merica, 
  i fucking love miami, 
  20 games you guys could use to adjust chemistry issues according to these bullshit reports, 
  my eyes ... they are in pain, 
  damn , casey was n't kidding b, 
  please , you 'd give hezonja away for him in a heartbeat, 
  based on what ? 
  offensive ability that most rookies can improve over time ? 
  you ca n't teach stellar defense . 
  winslow would have a bigger impact than mario on your current roster , that 's all i 'm saying, 
  good point, 
  i think both of our opinions are clearly pretty bias . 
  only time will tell i guess , cheers . 
  i know . 
  what a bargain, 
  wtf is there to say about dwight howard ? ... 
  sorry for houston , not for him, 
  league will announce tomorrow that there were 3 missed late game calls in tonight 's game , all against the heat . 
  damn , that mesh sound ... 
  hindsight dagger lol , dirty shot though , good win, 
  ahh now that 's some interesting stuff right there, 
  dwyane wade , fuck that guy, 
  it was known from the beginning that booker was an offensive stud . 
  i 'm sure heat scouts and fo were well aware of this . 
  that being said , winslow 's defensive discipline is a much more rare commodity . 
  i think they were really thinking long term about winslow , to develop his game and hope that he becomes a great two way player . 
  damn i was n't even aware of that . 
  so it was basically a blind pick for us ? 
  yeah , it 'd be a shame for you guys to have a cake walk to the finals again, 
  stocked up on kleenex and vaseline, 
  and that winslow kid, 
  his bust momentum will carry on for generations to come, 
  i agree with this, 
  i think it 's fair considering how strong this class is and the fact that he went 5th will only add more bustability to his case . 
  no way in hell orlando takes him at the 5 in a hypothetical re-draft, 
  raptors look waaay more complete than chicago man , do n't sell your team short . 
  it 's time for you guys to make some noise !, 
  they do , but he already signed with houston and we really do n't have room for his greatness . 
  he scared b, 
  miscommonception *, 
  except they have two go-to players, 
  no defense duh, 
  that dude needs to take more mid range shots i feel like . 
  passes up on alot of them but you can tell he has a shooters touch for a big, 
  would ya look at this load of shite, 
  this is life, 
  that dude was massive ... 
  the guy scores the ball . 
  that 's what he does . 
  that 's who he is . 
  he never had a problem impacting on the court . 
  he just ... he just is , that 's his downfall . 
  but it 's bosh, 
  thats my favorite part about this game . 
  really showcases this teams depth . 
  please do n't generalize us . 
  this guy 's an idiot, 
  yeah, 
  it 's scary he 's actually a legitimate threat on those kobe-esque shots, 
  paul george, 
  john wall, 
  isaiah thomas, 
  kemba walker, 
  demarre carrol, 
  jimmy butler, 
  what a bunch of scrubs . 
  without mentioning all these terrific rookies who are gon na be around for the * foreseeable * future . 
  honestly that 's not even that crazy , i 've heard some analysts say the same thing, 
  they sure did, 
  that boy richardson at it again, 
  you can book it, 
  they always lose to the bulls, 
  but ... we call you rook # 2, 
  god damn, 
  whiteside beasting off the bench , fucks with opposing teams rotations,
