  great links to documentaries , latley it seems like nothing is being filtered around here . 
  that contract better have a `` show up to work '' clause, 
  was a hell of a swing though, 
  i do n't think he was ever meant to be groomed as the primary ball handler . 
  he looks like slender man out there compared to other guards . 
  i do n't think peaked , loads of room for improvement . 
  but you 're right , would be best to utilize him as a 3 and d, 
  gobert went lefuck you lebron you ca n't even speak french, 
  prime kd is a top 2 player, 
  miami says no, 
  even in that context ... what use do they have for those 3 players ? 
  i know everyone on here thinks miami is terrible this year along with whiteside , and we are , i 'm not arguing that . 
  but when you have an impactful centre like whiteside you 're only a few more pieces away from a playoff roster , which is what maxing hassan was all about and unfortunately not signing wade was about the same goal . 
  everyone within the organization knew this year was gon na be a wash . miami will have a good pick this year and lots of money to play around with , we 'll see what happens then . 
  that 's why i 'm saying ... but no not rudy gay . 
  and there 's no way to trade for gay without giving up dragi\u0107 . 
  maybe i worded it bad but my whole point was that they are alot closer to being good than being bad for the next 5 years . 
  of course he did . 
  it 's pat fucking riley, 
  whiteside alone no ... miami needs some pieces around him . 
  just look at last year , whiteside and a 34 year old wade and luol deng and all the same rooks we have now went to the semis . 
  if hassan did n't go down against the raps , who knows how that series would have played out . 
  really unfair to judge hassan by how his team is n't winning this year , the team is fucming trash , that 's not on him . 
  the dudes a walking double double and the league leader in rebounds . 
  meaner stank face, 
  i tried to tell them but they have n't given up on him yet . 
  his highlights in the euroleague looked attractive cause he 's really athletic . 
  but i just do n't see any nba skills and he always came off very egotistical, 
  demar so clutch, 
  who are some of the best bank shot makers in the league right now ? 
  seems like it 's a dying art . 
  wade and timmy used to be great at it . 
  lmao like damn , that takes a certain level of skill, 
  i feel like banked threes are alot harder to calculate , which is why it 's usually just luck . 
  but midrange banks used to get utilized alot back in the day, 
  that 's a good deal for any team, 
  phil is the anti-riley, 
  i think we had different feelings/emotions when it comes to lowrys full court shot, 
  the fuck !? 
  holy fucking childhood trauma triggered, 
  fuck that . 
  this shit scarred me as kid . 
  my mom went out one night , i was like 10 . 
  my fat black friend xavier came over to play some vids . 
  i knew.my mom rented some horror movie on vhs cause she told us it 's for her and that me and my bro are n't allowed to watch it . 
  but we decided to pop it in anyways . 
  the cassette was all black , no sticker on it nothing . 
  the movie starts out with just the static screen like the tape in the actual movie . 
  no opening credits , no paramount whatever the fuck , just black static ... and then the fucking well ... and then that fucking girl creeping closer to the tv screen . 
  nope !, 
  we shut that shit off asap and fat xavier ran home . 
  forgot his n64 controller . 
  so i kept it . 
  forever, 
  fuck you , it 's nowhere to be found , just like your dad was at the time . 
  it 's been a while since i actually watched a good horror movie . 
  they 're either to bloody and gory and not scary at all or way too cheesy . 
  although `` the witch '' was pretty creepy ... very eerie and unsettling . 
  yeah well he took us to disneyland twice a year instead of paying child support for your half black ass, 
  oh look your dad 's here . 
  what a coincidence, 
  nba is beginning to heat up bro ,, 
  they did the chargers fan base so dirty i ca n't believe it . 
  changed their twitter logo within 5 minutes of the official announcement . 
  what shame , got ta feel for fans that go through relocations, 
  hmm no i have n't , i 'll give it a go, 
  i literally hate horford for that . 
  that was a deadly flagrant and i was a huge ford fan back in the toronto salami and cheese days with goatbajosa, 
  lmao i did n't respond cause i had no clue what he 's talking about . 
  but that 's hilarious, 
  100 % i agree . 
  but he swiped his head intentionally , because he was nowhere even close to the ball . 
  big dude like al swiping little ford like that wo n't ever turn out well . 
  that lefty floater has been on point for him this year, 
  man i 'm so down for this . 
  it 's like he left to get paid and help us tank , and we actually give him a proper legacy contract next year, 
  when was it ever about talent hassan ? 
  those rights are reserved for the all nba selections . 
  get back to work, 
  i get what you 're saying . 
  just sounds silly saying `` fresh start '' when it 's his second year in the league ... 
  he has been pretty underwhelming this year . 
  e : i stand corrected , god damn you celtic fans are convincing, 
  cccc, 
  lol you 're actually so right . 
  tito would not approve of these shenanigans . 
  i am ashamed, 
  i think it 's cool , but it 's not that hot of a shoe imo . 
  i mean yeah we all had them back in the day , just think the style did n't age too good . 
  fuck yeah , you 're right about that, 
  time is relative my friend . 
  that 's the beauty of it, 
  by the looks of his stats during his second year in the league . 
  he seems to be developing more than just fine . 
  raptors clutch as hell . 
  demar and lowry always stepping up, 
  you got some fakes bud, 
  just keep swimming, 
  if anything he 's overrated because of the talent you have . 
  e : most people here do n't know how to properly rate a coach .
