  wo n't cheat as much as hillary did , how could anyone top that, 
  thankfully i 'm canadian, 
  hahahahahah serves them right, 
  that will be his first year of loyalty . 
  i hope he follows through with that he promised about locking her ass up, 
  i 'm sorry , i 'm enjoying these salty clinton supporters way too much, 
  best case scenario for her and the country, 
  lol like that 's the first time we 've seen that tactic in an election, 
  already boosting the economy, 
  youre probably right . 
  i guess it just goes to show how much hillary 's lying shit show blizzard * trumped * any of donald 's little pointless lies and scandals, 
  well on that we can definitely agree . 
  and you are a salty clinton supporter, 
  i 'm actually the canadian that 's laughing at this giant shit show right now . 
  what a finale , keep it going please, 
  i wonder how many times she had to rewrite it due to her tears messing up the ink, 
  how the posts on r/politics have changed ever so quickly, 
  trump got elected just in time, 
  jesus christ i think you 're over reacting . 
  give the guy a chance, 
  he literally just got elected . 
  wo n't be president till january . 
  what you meant to say was , thanks obama !, 
  like they 're not there already . 
  bruh nsfw tag, 
  sorry , hard to keep track of sarcasm today . 
  jail i hope, 
  sounds like peru needs a good ole american wall, 
  fuck you kobe bank shot fade aways, 
  it is . 
  demar is one of my favorite players . 
  everybody always talks about how kawhi , jimmy and paul george developed an offensive game but nobody remembers how one dimensional demar was when he came into the league . 
  all he was was a high flyer , and when bosh left , he kept his promise . 
  was just talking about development in general . 
  plus demar is n't the greatest defender of course but he 's far from `` never playing defense '', 
  that 's mr.obama . 
  as should every american news outlet, 
  i was . 
  you 're right , he 's god emperor trump, 
  have to admit i was trolling with that comment . 
  but i do have faith in the guy , i think people are seriously over reacting and freaking out for no reason . 
  dont wan na get too political about it now , wrong sub for that, 
  it could be better, 
  broward and dade voted clinton , fucking cucks . 
  i 've noticed that too, 
  hope he drops 50 on us, 
  what in god 's name is keeping him alive . 
  please croak, 
  kind of funny how you can talk politics on this sub as long as it 's anti-trump . 
  i guess it 's ok for stan van gundy to build walls but not trump . 
  the hypocrisy, 
  no point getting political on this sub . 
  i just think it 's annoying how people are acting like the second coming of hitler has risen and we just set course for imminent apocalypse . 
  dnc shot themselves in the foot by giving her `` her turn '' . 
  right now we just got ta accept the fact that this guy is in office so let 's give him a chance and not judge him by how the media has been his entire campaign . 
  the media already proved they are full of shit . 
  this teams chemistry will be enough to topple that evil babylon brewing in the west . 
  looks good in crip blue, 
  sjw alert, 
  softest super villains in history of all major league sports, 
  unfit for the job, 
  looks like jerryd bayless, 
  worst team right here, 
  underrated play of the day . 
  was waiting for somebody to post this filthiness, 
  i like caves, 
  let 's get this guy 46 downvotes, 
  it 's just getting old guys . 
  46 was never thaaat spicy . 
  i want one of joakim noah 's airball overlayed with jordan, 
  yeah , slept on in a way that people were wrong to say we would be mediocre . 
  we are total ass shit, 
  definitely top 20, 
  lmaooo i saw that, 
  `` valunciunas and neregra '' lmao, 
  add it to the secrit plays, 
  monday night raw, 
  it 's not his fault , he does n't understand moving screens, 
  whoever made the schedule really wanted to put the raptors to the test, 
  fuck the warriors, 
  not really , toronto 's got a great crowd , loud as hell, 
  hassan whiteside and dion waiters, 
  what 's wrong with being 2-8 ? 
  fuckin basic ass lyrics, 
  man i though ed davis would turn out to be a decent role player when the raptors drafted him, 
  yeah the lighting is terrible . 
  that 's why i started playing in rivet, 
  except he would n't even touch you cause he 's a bitch, 
  raptors cavs a couple days ago was sketchy as hell, 
  worked great for my glass cleaner pf , have a 60 3pt shot and 74 mid range . 
  it throws people off cause they leave me wide open at the 3 and i actually hit them at a decent rate . 
  e : i was at a disadvantage in the rebounding area untill i got all my badges now i just beast on the boards, 
  i think it makes a decent differnce on success rate . 
  yeah on paper 60 is n't that much better than 58 but in `` 2k physics '' it 's quite the differnce . 
  i only shortened them by one notch anyways . 
  do n't wan na brag or anything but i have n't seen a single glass cleaner yet shoot 3s yet at a decent rate like i do . 
  to your point though , i would n't recommend op to do it cause i agree with what you 're saying . 
  just for my archetype it gave somewhat of an advantage . 
  you might be right , i just never had the patience of going back and making a new character lol . 
  just stuck with the first one i made cause he seemed good enough,
