  he was one of few guys on riley 's radar pre-draft . 
  winslow just kind of fell to us, 
  lmao, 
  hah ... so funny, 
  his shot needs alot of work , but he 's got interesting handles and a knack for bullying his way down to the rim due to his size . 
  i think his offensive game will slowly come together over the next couple of years . 
  then he 's gon na carve his own way down to south beach, 
  and he 's gon na try and win one for the land in honor of his dad cause he never could . 
  winslow the 4 time champion vet passing over the torch, 
  this guy is the face of all cavs fans, 
  that 's what i was thinking , the back of petros head is a perfect right angle, 
  i just read your comment in that kids voice . 
  sorry i ca n't undo it now, 
  chauncey billups on the raptors, 
  not me, 
  but a few of them would still be here if he came back ... 
  yeah but he left . 
  i 'm saying if he were to come back some of those guys would stay, 
  i was on vacation in croatia . 
  worst vacation ever . 
  yup you can have both 5 times and the other 20 years in a * row *, 
  edit : i did n't go to college, 
  that 's exactly what i meant , i realize my comment was horrendously phrased . 
  man i need to get me a horse hat, 
  justise winslow is justise winslow, 
  tim duncline, 
  love guarding barnes . 
  now that 's entertainment right there, 
  kevin love is not cut out for that job , that 's all i 'm saying . 
  that 's fucking hilarious when you put it that way, 
  ok there marty mcfly, 
  honestly the raptors match up better with golden state than the cavs, 
  god i hope they pull this off, 
  am i the only one that was fine with him taking that shot ? 
  that 's my point , wade did n't have much options, 
  playoff bismack, 
  blatt for 2016 , make the cavs great again, 
  yeah that 's like 30 billion canadian dollars, 
  they are an odd bunch of characters, 
  cawi and aldrich, 
  wow . . go grizz !, 
  how the hell do you guys keeping grinding out these ws ? 
  no ... he 's welcome back anytime, 
  so you 're not sure if chalk gives you better grip ? 
  i 'm trying to figure out how after all these years no other player reacted the way millsap did to the ball being noticeably sticky ... 
  apologize for what ... ? 
  future stadium in milwaukee ^, 
  you 're a fucking god with these, 
  pat riley notices issue . 
  pat riley addresses issue . 
  pat riley resolves issue . 
  no thanks, 
  netflix and cry, 
  the undeniable rise of dwyane wade, 
  you are an expert . 
  do n't sell yourself short, 
  we might not be able to sign anybody apparently . 
  the heat might actually cease to exist after this season due to having zero players . 
  i actually really hope he goes to toronto, 
  72 users understand it 's relevance . 
  can we get the crazy curry stat threads back please . 
  this lebron social media mumbo jumbo is really annoying, 
  they 're okay with ecf banners , let them be, 
  i got y' all making it over the pistons, 
  dude , what 's mine say ? ... 
  so like 3 years ago when he was n't a cavs fan ? 
  why only rome and berlin ? 
  what makes you assume that ? 
  that 's probably why you got dvd, 
  weak argument when comparing two players individually, 
  edit : i disagree with the original comment aswell, 
  not what i 'm saying at all . 
  considering rose ' past achievements i 'm still taking westbrook . 
  i just believe you should break the players down from a skill standpoint not their teams success or what system they were a part of . 
  if that were the case , then carmelo is absolute trash , but we all know that 's not true . 
  idk its just me, 
  yeah my bad i did n't specify that i disagreed with the initial comment aswell, 
  ok dude ... chill , read the edit . 
  pretty sure i made myself clear, 
  rip, 
  are you secretly planning a wade/terminator spin off ? 
  terminator : flashback, 
  you must be new to this sub . 
  lebron is as good as gone, 
  i kept my heat one just in case , just hope he goes back to # 6 when he comes back, 
  tone it down pal, 
  what a fucking shame man , darko you disgrace to our homecountry legends, 
  caught your girl cheating ? 
  legends ... 
  totally different degree of impact, 
  lol i know wtfff zoom in !, 
  that shits so hi def !, 
  fuck houston !, 
  playoff time for utah, 
  its honestly fucking great , i love hating houston , fuck yall, 
  that 's weak man . 
  super weak, 
  change your flair dude, 
  absolute opposite . 
  you can plug that guy in on almost any team and he 'll produce .
