  look at all this space for activities, 
  yes, 
  championship *, 
  woah that came out of nowhere, 
  ibaka watched demar highlight vids on youtube, 
  jrue might actually be the best point guard boogie ever had, 
  rondo , up untill this year , would always be considered top notch in terms of point guard skill , imo . 
  but jrue is just the better overall player this year . 
  rondo never had a problem racking up assists . 
  it 's jrue 's offensive game that separates them in my opinion . 
  they already have a great wall in place, 
  2:55 pm , best time of the year, 
  give them dwade, 
  i 'm aware, 
  you got ta be 19-20 to be considered young in the nba ? 
  shut your trap anjali , you can get it till that ass get red, 
  kinda takes the fun out of f5ing, 
  ad and boogie combine for 100 pts, 
  if he came ? 
  holy 5uck !, 
  so go to the lakers . 
  just for fun, 
  but ultimately lose, 
  take this opportunity big guy, 
  lol, 
  we all run a train on his daughter, 
  he grew up playing like that, 
  ahhh i like your reverse jynx, 
  andrew bogut and a d-league call up, 
  hey that 's new york, 
  they 'd be alot more confident if they had dion, 
  i 'll give you a second try, 
  my son has told me alot about you boy , step into my office . 
  his bad guys, 
  spreading the positivity, 
  if you ca n't win , might as well not win and live in la, 
  if you ca n't win , might as well rock purple and gold, 
  ... same shit applies to miami . 
  they make for fun cities for multi millionaires . 
  you like the sounds of that do n't you friend ? 
  #encore f5 boys, 
  take bogut, 
  trash lineup, 
  so vet min with us ? 
  how is it not ? 
  we got cap space bud . 
  we lost lebron wade and bosh in three years and are still more relevant than you . 
  still recovering from dwight ? 
  best team in history, 
  some detroit player, 
  reggie jackson is trash, 
  people are throwing this tanking shit around too much . 
  most teams do n't tank , they 're just bad ... you guys are n't `` tanking '' either, 
  tanking is purposefully going out and losing games . 
  charlotte is competing , just cause you ca n't close a game out does n't mean you 're tanking . 
  then you 're gon na win 3 in a row and say `` playoffs here we come ! '', 
  coaching ? 
  sixers tanked . 
  that was the only proper tank . 
  and you 're actually making my point . 
  you guys are n't tanking . 
  you just suck ass , but realistically you 're not that far out of the 8th seed . 
  the whole `` tanking '' term is just getting annoying, 
  no we are fucking trash ... 
  so are you tanking or not ? 
  which one is it lmao ? 
  you seem to be in agreement with me, 
  i get the whole joke aspect of it ... i thought he was serious . 
  when miami was sitting at 11-30 , tanking might have been the appropriate term but not really ... miami was really just that bad . 
  anyways , nobody in the east is `` tanking '' was my point . 
  you guys could still get your shit together cause your squad is nice , not so sure about your coaching though . 
  zero dark 6:30, 
  history repeats itself, 
  larry 's about that life, 
  if val beasted on hassan last year , imagine what him and ibaka will do to whoreferd, 
  luke babbit, 
  he 's a hoe for killing tj ford , fuck him, 
  damn that 's some bullshit, 
  i love miami heat basketball, 
  demar is my favorite player to watch, 
  got damn , i miss these, 
  no , demar takes even less 3s than both of those guys, 
  not a hard foul . 
  quite the size difference between these two, 
  he looks happy, 
  ca n't stand this kids face, 
  pretty sure everyone understands this . 
  it just sucks that 's all, 
  this shit is so fake , what is wrong with you people . 
  as if disclosure will happen through 4chan , this sub is lacking critical thinking latley . 
  now i 'm gon na be called a shill, 
  lebronchitis, 
  so glad old man riles matched that offer sheet . 
  sorry brooklyn, 
  great minds think alike, 
  ^ ^ ^ ^ im ^ ^ ^ ^ a ^ ^ ^ ^ thief ^ ^ ^ ^ no ^ ^ ^ ^ shame, 
  50 mil ai n't shit for what tj brings to the table every game . 
  it 's how back loaded his contract is that kinda sucks, 
  he needs to be a sixth man somewhere, 
  he was with you for 20 days ... this shit is so corny,
