  and a double double from bosh, 
  kelly olynyk ? 
  hope bebe is ok , any news ? 
  i agree , fuck draymond green, 
  he should have 10 more by the end of the season, 
  sorry houston . 
  i really wanted the loss , but it feels good to win . 
  good game, 
  ... we 're the tank !, 
  rare shady reference , i like it, 
  who in the west has the best shot at upsetting the warriors ? 
  seriously ... expectations were way too high for you guys going into the season . 
  shit just gets way too hyped up during the off season cause people are excited . 
  you guys have nothing to worry about other than developing your young core . 
  emphasis on young, 
  rip steff, 
  find out at 6, 
  you 'll probably be downvoted . 
  but i think it 's a valid concern, 
  casey never caught on to that secrit, 
  fuck the kingdom, 
  manning actually retired last year, 
  dwight, 
  chandler, 
  noah, 
  good enough for me . 
  i win, 
  tyler johnson . 
  questionable contract going into this season , but he 's worth every penny imo . 
  please go to spurs cp, 
  just think he would be perfect under pop and his system . 
  best chance to win anything , and nice passing of the torch from parker to paul . 
  you 're right . 
  excuse me for thinking he would work great with the pieces the spurs have right now . 
  if he wants success going to the spurs would be a no brainer . 
  of course he would make any team better since he 's the point god . 
  sooo saaad , very saaad, 
  basically yeah . 
  alot of people said they do n't see how he could improve or expand on his game . 
  every year since he came into the league has improved , he gets overlooked on his improvement imo . 
  kid was literally nothing but a high flyer his first two years, 
  i do n't think that shot is there for him . 
  it remains to be one of his flaws . 
  i wo n't count it out though since he 's an extremely hard worker . 
  but he 's proven to be lethal without it . 
  just some minor technical difficulties, 
  yeah , milos teodosi\u0107, 
  i know . 
  bad comparison my bad, 
  kobe was like `` supreme volume '' scorer, 
  i admit i was arguing paul george over kawhi not that long ago . 
  i was wrong, 
  yes he was , but prime orlando t-mac did n't last too long unfortunately, 
  portland game . 
  game winner . 
  lebron sat out . 
  never forget, 
  typical fox, 
  hell no, 
  i 'd be all up in it, 
  raptors , pathetic 4th quarter by everyone not named demar derozan, 
  i have a screenshot, 
  what point ? 
  this is a franchise changing player, 
  derrick rose , god damn, 
  max effort = max dollas, 
  if i lived where you live , i might actually consider going outside, 
  that 's what the all-nba selections are for . 
  they actually mean something . 
  all star game is entertainment for the fans by the fans so let them have it . 
  the west is weird, 
  to alot of georgians , it might be entertaining . 
  i agree that it 's stupid , but it 's not like 90 % that get selected do n't deserve to be there . 
  every year there are usually a couple of players who do n't make it in that should have over others . 
  cause they 're fucked . 
  dare i say that both might have played a factor ? 
  i 'm sure every player would enjoy being a part of the warriors style of play . 
  there 's two sides to this , people that agree with that being durant 's reasons to leave and people that do n't . 
  i still think it was rather a bitch move but who cares . 
  durant has a right to do as he pleases , it 's his career , russ also has a right to be salty . 
  not even hating , but he looked like that kid that always acts tough cause he has some tough friends on his side . 
  they suck as villains, 
  those signing at least made sense from a business aspect . 
  the arena is packed and merchandise is being sold . 
  win for ownership, 
  as trash as he is . 
  he 's a name people know . 
  was enough to get the city at least a little hyped before the season . 
  nobody here doubted that it was n't gon na work out, 
  plus that stroke looks weetttt, 
  i just like his form , i 'm sure he can improve . 
  he 's balkan , name one balkan that ca n't somewhat shoot . 
  it 's like the only thing our dads taught us besides drinking like a `` man '', 
  no way he falls into our lap, 
  or if i said i actually voted for trump . 
  yea, 
  but wade --  lebron oops are literally life, 
  safe to say they 'll be on opposite ends of the bench, 
  but amazing, 
  i 'm down for that too , great year to tank,
