  hey he can still back out ... right ? 
  fuck your mother, 
  nicceeee, 
  stop i 'm gon na fucking throw up, 
  turns out you 're a dick, 
  i think we should have locked wade up even before hassan , but i seem to be the only one of this mindset around here . 
  if whiteside decides to walk , well so be it . 
  wade is much more valuable to us than whiteside , given the history , and a solid enough replacement could have been found for an interior presence . 
  bigs are dying out in this league anyways . 
  the 10mil offer to wade in the beginning was terrible to begin with . 
  especially after going through the same thing last year , wade balled out last year , earned every penny of that 20mil and more than earned a 3year legacy contract in my opinion . 
  i might just be having a hard time facing the reality of this dumb ass situation -_-, 
  what 's a don to a god, 
  i do n't think so . 
  if he was willing he would have said something during this whole debacle , he said he 'd be willing to take a cut for durant not wade . 
  this just feel so wrong that we pushed wade out like this , makes this organization look terrible, 
  i hope he drops 50 on us with tears running down his face, 
  i 'm not sure it was a rumor because they gradually worked their way up to 20m a year . 
  im almost certain if they offered him 2/40 right away before committing to any other free agents he would have taken it , 3/60m 100 % he would have taken that . 
  riley did n't even think of wade until he committed to hassan and had his little sit down with durant . 
  i do n't blame wade at all for that rubbing him the wrong way , riley assumed he was just always gon na be aboard and wade stiff armed him and i 'm almost happy that he did because riley mishandled this fucking off season and wade leaving is the price we have to pay . 
  stupid, 
  riley 's tenure with miami ai n't shit without wade , facts, 
  i agree with this , but i 'm getting shat on by other heat fans, 
  it was the wrong decision, 
  lol wade 's legacy was thrown out the window so we can keep jrich , keep telling yourself that . 
  we 're not contending with or without him , so i rather have him here, 
  our team is gon na be mostly d leaguers anyways this year . 
  it absolutely does n't , it 's just not how it was supposed to end . 
  he 's always gon na be a heat . 
  everyone 's just siding with pat riley on this one and i do n't get that , he messed this up . 
  time will tell whether this was the right move or not , right now it 's pointless to argue, 
  that offer would have been fair had it been the first thing riley did when the off season started . 
  no , he waited untill he locked up hassan and had a little fantasy sit down with durant . 
  which is why wade is leaving for a measly 2 million dollars . 
  this is the whole point , the heat organization did him dirty , does n't matter how you look at it . 
  i 'm not doubting we 're gon na be good , of course we are , our future looks promising , i think he just means more to the heat than what they 've displayed that 's all . 
  i 'm with you , i was getting crucified last night at r/heat for putting this on riley, 
  spot on !, 
  i 'm a heat fan , im just as excited about our future as everybody else . 
  we are in good hands with pat riley but he made a mistake here and there 's no shame in admitting that . 
  so you can fuck right off, 
  you 're an idiot if you think this is about money for wade, 
  if they offered him the 20mil before even sitting down with hassan or thinking about durant we would n't be having this convo . 
  wade came third to riley after hassan and durant . 
  that 's the problem , that 's the disrespect . 
  that 's why he 's gone, 
  riley planned this all along , sad but true, 
  this fucking sucks man , especially now that it 's known it was n't about money . 
  it 's gon na take a while for me to get over this, 
  yes the future is the only good takeaway from this . 
  i truly believe wade is n't happy though , i think he hates the thought of leaving miami , the whole homecoming narrative is just an excuse . 
  he 's sad riley did n't fight for him , and i 'm sad too . 
  looking forward to next season though to say the least, 
  i ca n't fucking take this, 
  this sub ridiculous at times . 
  forgive me that wade is my favorite player ever since i started watching ball . 
  i 'll always root for the heat but i hope drops 50 on us next season when we play here . 
  why is he smiling ? 
  why ? 
  i 'd be pissed then, 
  me too man :(, 
  wade leaving was the worst - . -, 
  what was russ 's tweet ? 
  dirty collection , get yourself a wade throwback for 13 $, 
  that 's what chicago needs, 
  cccc, 
  sooo saaadddddd, 
  lmao, 
  dion waiters, 
  e : dion waiters, 
  if they would take mcbob that would be great , especially since we just got d will, 
  who 's better at improving player value than us ? 
  make it happen pat we need offense, 
  bosh has n't said a word yet which is weird, 
  who honestly thought kobe would finish that game with 20 +,30 +,40 + ? 
  let alone fucking 60, 
  holy fuck that 's a damn good point, 
  with wade gone , do n't be surprised to see a different kind of dragic next year . 
  he killed it in the playoffs too, 
  ohhh boyyyy thibs keep this kid right where he 's at, 
  dirk was like unicorn that whole playoffs including finals when he dicked us down daddy style fuck you sayin, 
  i 'll take peak wade over anything i 've seen from kd so far . 
  could be a little bias plus the whole `` kd is a pussy '' thing . 
  but no seriously , wade has proven time and time again to rise to the occasion when needed most , if anybody comes close to having mamba mentality it 's wade . 
  durant came up small a handful of times , yeah he 's got more scoring titles and an mvp but him joining gsw will only help him out in the rings criteria given they win a couple . 
  his career is far from over and still has alot to prove so we 'll just have to see . 
  if they both retired today though , it 's wade, 
  - miss u, 
  why though ? 
  if hes good to go he can be our number 1 option . 
  i laughed, 
  i 'm with you 100 % man , this feels so wrong the way it all played out, 
  i 'm still thinking some miracle happens and he gets cold feet and backs out of chicago since he did n't sign yet . 
  even watching his snap today he was soaking in the weather and he looks so defeated like he does n't wan na leave . 
  drays mouth on point, 
  roy, 
  he 's right , we mad, 
  triggered, 
  i 'm honestly more sad about the fact that winslow lost the best possible mentor he could ask for and same with jrich .
