  but to your point , yes for that to happen it would have to be one of those night where his jumper is just falling . 
  i think lebron had one of the worst 60 + point follow up games, 
  yeah we gave him the titles after he won them for us, 
  pretty obvious he 's gon na be retired in 2022, 
  one play . 
  one huge play , but nonetheless one play, 
  parsons too high, 
  sorry for making you not laugh, 
  game 3 there is flood you win , game 4 no flood you lose, 
  it 's really easy to hate the warriors . 
  plus you factor in how the cavs actually beat you guys and it almost gives them a right to rub it in your face for as long as they 're champs . 
  that does n't really make much sense . 
  d + chirping right here, 
  it 's the `` all of us that are criticizing lebron have go back to our normal boring lives , while he remains a multi millionaire '' quote, 
  i feel like i 'm the only one that wants to keep dragic for the full length of his contract . 
  it 's not like the guy relies on athleticism , he 's gon na be a crafty guard and a well enough distributor till he 's 33 . 
  last season he shared the ball with wade and still had a pretty good season , a really good post season . 
  i see him really coming out again next year and he 'll prove to be worth to keep in the long run . 
  wish you could rebrand my face, 
  why the hell not ... 
  ok but hitler is nowhere near as bad as kd , so unfair comparison which is why you 're being downvoted, 
  bennett 's like `` alright ... let 's try this again '', 
  this post is trash, 
  basically sums up steph curry, 
  lmao ... not in my opinion no, 
  still is n't the best player though . 
  versace sandals did ... 
  ahhh zagreb , the most boring capitol in all of europe, 
  salami though , 6/10 still would smash, 
  vienna is my favorite city in europe , absolutely beautiful . 
  bratislava at least has a pretty crazy night life culture . 
  zagreb has nothing to offer , but croatia 's coastal cities and towns are the exact opposite, 
  yup , amsterdam 's architecture is beyond interesting . 
  friendly people ... and yeah all the other great things, 
  i 'm canadian/yugoslavian , i was lucky enough to have traveled and lived through out europe . 
  yes that 's the best part , even a bit longer car rides in any direction , more scenic . 
  two ball handlers , any player can go for a score at any point . 
  2 or 3 players could be on the other side of the court already playing defense cause one guy just scored but the other guy is still dribbling . 
  all out shit show, 
  sarajevo definitely has alot more to offer , very interesting landscape and amazing fucking food paired with good night life but social discrepancy is jaunting at times . 
  beograd looks like milan/paris in comparison to zagreb, 
  e : croats are downvoting me but they know it 's true , easy guys you have the most beautiful coastline in europe , ca n't have it all , 
  anything along the coastline . 
  definitely split , and dubrovnik . 
  along the way there are many little towns worth visiting . 
  baska voda is a small little town i spent over a year there , had the time of my life, 
  we live in a time of political correctness , shame, 
  my bad , i agree with the nba here . 
  i was implying that legislation should just swallow their pride on this one and move on like the rest of the world . 
  no place for such primitive thinking in 2016, 
  it 's nice and warm in february, 
  bow down to the god emperor, 
  i say increase the fines heavily . 
  so players like varejao that do n't make as much will think twice before pulling some shit . 
  money means more than playtime to most players, 
  you ca n't chirp bosh like that man . 
  every player flops to a certain degree , but bosh is not in that upper echelon of supreme floppers, 
  well i 'm from there originally and after highschool i decided to take a year off and spend some time in europe , i knew people in baska voda so it was easy to get settled in . 
  got a job as a bartender in one of the busiest bars there , boss loved me cause i spoke english and german which attracted alot of tourists . 
  made some lifelong friends there and was just a great learning experience . 
  there 's lots you can do on the coast for fun , from hiking in the mountains to various water sports , or just partying on the beaches and getting in touch with the culture and tradition . 
  good for him , for being able to pull it off, 
  i see none, 
  now that 's fresh, 
  i love derozans `` showstopper '', 
  he was pretty good in toronto, 
  that 's our god emperor, 
  yeah ... by at least 10 years, 
  half man half bear half pig, 
  i just got a 300 $ speeding ticket and it hurts ... it hurts so much, 
  so any team besides the ones he mentioned, 
  county roads , i 'm in toronto now , it was a 60 ( kmh ) i was doing 95 . 
  it was residential so they take it pretty serious, 
  according to ontario law if i was going 40 over they would have impounded my vehicle right on the spot ... i also have things im not supposed to have in the car ... so i was sweating, 
  it 's alright i had 25 $ american on me, 
  never understood people that complain about soccer being a low scoring sport but they live for hockey . 
  i get it 's fast paced and it 's a full contact sport but i personally find soccer more exciting, 
  only way to judge this move is by seeing how the mavs and heat compare 2 years from now, 
  i agree with that 100 % . 
  i was the most sad about the wade thing . 
  but i 'm not looking at it from a fans perspective . 
  pat riley is the one being judged by this , at first i hated the move but then i began to understand what he was trying to accomplish . 
  this is the fucking point . 
  it was n't about the present . 
  it was about two from now . 
  riley really trusts the young talent he pieced together and does n't want them getting poached cause he simply wo n't be able to match any outside offers and would be left with a 37 year old wade, 
  jay 's vs red sox is always fun, 
  dude i just died laughing i wish i could give you gold, 
  where can i get some, 
  to me , he 's always gon na be the guy that ended tj fords professional career, 
  pretty similar style of play and talent to mj, 
  but this sport is where amazing happens, 
  ... bad heart, 
  oh i can fap to this, 
  i feel like almost every team has something interesting about them this year , will be more exciting watching lesser tier teams go up against each other, 
  i was agreeing with most of your points , but you 're talking out of your ass with the last couple of comments . 
  it was n't as black and white as you make it out to be . 
  as long as you 're as good as kobe or dirk . 
  what players actually factor that in what you 're saying ? 
  as stupid as it sounds and i hate saying it , it seems that riley really likes and trusts the young guys he drafted and developed in only one year .
