  rookie of the year, 
  expensive shoe joke hah !, 
  jaylen brown and jayson tatum, 
  no i do n't have aids, 
  that 's scheduled for demolition in a year, 
  heatward, 
  rather have dion anyways, 
  cause we got bam ade-fucking-bayo biiiitch, 
  bek up, 
  waiters would need to take a fat discount which i doubt he does . 
  then again i 'm not sure what other teams are offering him at this moment, 
  honestly i fucking completely forgot about that, 
  damn does he actually go by the name of `` alex drexler son of clyde '' ? 
  if you skim through this titles looking for hayward key words you wo n't understand shit, 
  lmao, 
  stay in utah, 
  damn congrats guys from a heat fan !, 
  another reason for me to hate you even more :(, 
  damn that 's rough, 
  now that all the whales are off the board , we get to see what riley really comes up with, 
  fuck hayward ? 
  fuck you off, 
  omg please blue ball the celtics, 
  i think it 's great, 
  i literally left work for this, 
  not really smart of him to do that though, 
  cause 40 $ / h, 
  hayward this is very unamerican, 
  lol that does n't affect his decision though, 
  lmao celtic fans literally just proposed this exact idea and are now collectively saying fuck pat riley, 
  now she 's re-evaluating, 
  bomb incoming, 
  to finish off the bulls, 
  take notes houston , this is how you chris bosh upvote party, 
  the portland game and game winner, 
  but miami was ? 
  ass eater, 
  your boy haynes tell you that ? 
  oooooo damn, 
  game winner against portland will always be my fave, 
  gordon hayward stuck in the middle, 
  thank god, 
  i 'm sad we did n't get him , just glad this whole fiasco is over with is what i meant, 
  come see a real chris bosh upvote party, 
  of course i did ... 
  what 's that got to do with this ? 
  sounds like a concentration camp, 
  i really wan na stay as far as fuck away as possible from rudy gay, 
  could n't handle the heat . 
  it 's been like 70 years, 
  why do you say that ? 
  he 's way past his prime and coming off a serious injury . 
  seems like the exact opposite of a player riley is willing to commit to . 
  watch him reach the wcf with blake, 
  god i hope that 's not our line up , celtics would wreck us, 
  lmao `` just a heads up this handle is fake news but welcome to boston anyway '', 
  not a pleasant morning so far, 
  wtf ? 
  ca n't tell if sarcasm . 
  why do you say that ? 
  i 'm really curious . 
  he 's had a phenomenal career, 
  since when do they have a month to month payment plan ? 
  weird , i think it 's like a one time charge of 160 $ here or something like that . 
  i even emailed them saying it would so much better if they had a monthly subscription rate , like a netflix or spotify, 
  that shit was insane . 
  those girls reactions too, 
  where ? 
  anti wade based god dion, 
  pft numbers schmumbers, 
  giannis bleeds deer blood thoigh, 
  i say we just fucking eat mcroberts, 
  my fault forgot to credit you , it was burried somewhere in my saved, 
  i 'd take ours 7/11 times, 
  getting cheesed the fuck out next season, 
  need to let ellington go which is whack as fuck cause he 's our best shooter, 
  no , is lie, 
  i , for one , do not . 
  what is it ? 
  he 's got ta get to the line more though . 
  gobert, 
  contracts seem alot more tamed this year . 
  damn this is sick as hell !!, 
  still gon na get the shaq heat one though, 
  mozgoz should get one for mother russia, 
  yeah but the actual sun is in phoenix, 
  luckily we have very efficient starting point guard, 
  would anyone be in favor of giving him a 5 year deal ? 
  a more stretched cap friendly deal and he would literally become haslem 2.0 for us, 
  i mean the deal he 's on is really low risk high reward , not sure what the problem is . 
  if you paid attention to last year he 's so much more than just a bucket getter . 
  snake jones, 
  yeah that 's what i was thinking . 
  something along those lines, 
  we filled his snake hole a long time ago . 
  he should slither into retirement, 
  that exchange rate , god damn, 
  nothing man , ride this core out for 4 years , be a fun competitive playoff team . 
  remember when demar gave him dap at the olympics and told him he hopes to see him in the nba soon . 
  why when both parties got what they wanted this way and everyone is happy ?
