  i never said hitting batters is cool or justified . 
  it might have been a bad comparison . 
  i just do n't understand why lance is being made out to be some sort of hero while demar and pj are being scrutinized for a little over reaction . 
  they got in his face a little ... big fucking deal that happens all the time . 
  what lance did does n't happen all the time . 
  ok ... that 's kind of my point . 
  i agree , it was fucking iconic and will be remembered for a very long time . 
  dion, 
  nice , 5 games should be a good amount to get back into the flow of things, 
  now it 's a season ender for the bulls, 
  yeah , gon na be that much more dreadful looking back on the losses to the sixers , magic , knicks and mavs if we do n't make it in now . 
  d wade at the top of the vet min list , ouchh, 
  people need to chill lol , sarcasm was pretty clear, 
  that would literally pulverize my face, 
  br , the drake of sport infographics, 
  pretty sure there 's an ability slot that gives you this 100 % of the time . 
  it got annoying for me after a while and i had no idea it was activated, 
  show, 
  does n't matter if the raptors asked him to shit on center court , he 's still a top 15 center, 
  nash over kobe and rose over lebron/dwight are probably two of the most controversial mvp handouts in my opinion . 
  fake news, 
  each day that passes i get more and more angry at our losses to the knicks and nuggets -_-, 
  ugh seriously man , if we just strung a few more wins together early on in the season , imagine where we 'd be now, 
  kerr taking a page right out of casey 's secrit playbook, 
  is n't that basically what trump wants ? 
  stop lying, 
  hassan literally just quit on this season, 
  man it 's not rocket science . 
  dion provided alot for us , everything went to shit when he went down . 
  rather be last than 9th, 
  wrap it up and put a fucking bow on it . 
  demar hitting 3s . 
  seasons over . 
  fuck you toronto , but rooting for y' all in the playoffs but fuck you, 
  yeah rodney do n't care, 
  i 've seen what this team is when hassan has 3 fouls before halftime . 
  dont you worry , we 're gon na jack this shit up royally, 
  man you know what 's weird , the other day while playing at the y , some dude tried telling me that rule was changed ... 
  smh lebron can barely win 50 games by himself, 
  e : / s ... . really ? 
  can we get to last place by next week ? 
  can we get to last place by next week ? 
  unfortunately we ca n't lose 20 straight games, 
  riley better rig this shit, 
  coming from me , i really wanted us to make the playoffs . 
  obviously that 's what we 're all thinking now `` why did n't we just tank !? '', 
  but we really lost dion at a terrible time , almost made it too late to tank cause the team was rolling and we just said fuck it let 's go for it . 
  dion really provided alot for us during that streak . 
  i 'm more upset with the losses to the knicks and nuggets last week , this team is capable of beating those teams . 
  fucking dads , always lying and shit, 
  only thing your team has to look forward to is the jordan logo on your jerseys next year . 
  all these positive comments is what i need right now :'), 
  personally , i think we 'll see our first ever finals in toronto this year, 
  ca n't be worse than winslow, 
  as somebody who works in tool and mold , i like hearing this . 
  feel like i could do that shit all day, 
  #see you monday !, 
  beautiful inbound play . 
  best inbound play ever, 
  ca n't get mad at these guys if we do n't pull it off . 
  they accomplished so much together, 
  this is our best scenario, 
  beautiful wake and bake, 
  pads his wins, 
  shout out to the serbian flag ayyy, 
  fuck the pacers, 
  they would meet in the second round, 
  this is what i was afraid of . 
  losing to the knicks and nuggets is proof that regular season games matter, 
  life 's all about having fun, 
  he drinks . 
  i doubt he 's getting shitfaced , but he drinks . 
  have a feeling our guys will seize this opportunity, 
  it 's ok nurk , we understand . 
  ... it 's that bad -_-, 
  who 's guarding hassan ? 
  pacers, 
  that 's fine, 
  we still got ta take care of the wiz who are gunning for a 50 win season, 
  but they 're gunning for a 50 win season , somebody tell them it 's nothing special, 
  a lot of guys wo n't though, 
  and if we all win ... we 're out :(, 
  when supersonics fans talk shit, 
  just give me another full season of this roster plus a healthy winslow, 
  vote russ if you 're not a robot, 
  wtf did he break his fucking ankle ? 
  who gives a shit , our guys will be ready . 
  well this is disappointing, 
  yes, 
  but can you throw rings down on the table after you say that like riley ? 
  shout out to the wnba, 
  demar over it, 
  honestly they should have just got suspended for tonight 's game, 
  why you got ta be a dick, 
  silver lining : we showed the league that we will always be an attractive destination that brings out the best in players , and we get a first rounder, 
  i 'm praying for either tbh . 
  but i think pacers would provide better entertainment in the playoffs than the bulls, 
  wow , random official should get fined, 
  i will buy an authentic jeremy lin jersey . 
  tag me,
