  in his garden, 
  seriously it 's not rocket science . 
  you got the warriors and the cavs , then a enormous fucking gap between the rest of the league . 
  i really do n't think so , spurs and rockets are definitely ahead of the pack but still remain a substantial distance away from the top . 
  pretty good , but just my personal opinion i think the raptors are better than the c 's and the wiz . 
  also the jazz hate probably on par with the raptors if not slightly better . 
  healthy clippers are also in the mix in that tier . 
  celtics would be the favorites but i think it 's definitely possible . 
  not sure why people think it would be such a forgone conclusion . 
  we got dis, 
  is this english ? 
  dion waiters, 
  ai n't even mad , love that spurs team, 
  nets vs kings, 
  lol triple doubles are the only thing that matters, 
  why ? 
  we have mcroberts, 
  looks more like whoever played the goblin in spiderman . 
  and the bad guy in speed 2, 
  have n't watched him the 3 years he 's been here, 
  david griffin gon na top the decision, 
  probably sees all the legm memes and was like `` oh yeah !? 
  i 'll show you guys who 's le fucking gm '', 
  nothing amazing about these playoffs, 
  bro but ... 
  speed 2, 
  people are still using this as a diss ? 
  better spot up shooter that 's for sure , not in the post or mid . 
  i think this cavs team is simply better suited for lebrons style of play . 
  wade and lebron were great defensively but kyrie definitely compliments lebrons game style more , same goes for love , with bosh being a better defender . 
  what the fuck ? 
  do i really need to invite you over so you can see my hand built shrine i devote to dion waiters ? 
  and i get kicked out of the squad and party chat, 
  it 's almost as if even the greatest players ca n't be perfect every night . 
  even dion has off nights, 
  dudes getting the rest of contract paid out guaranteed . 
  i doubt his chasing money , he really just wants to ball even if it 's for free i feel like . 
  would not be surprised at all if he takes a cheap ass deal to play in his home state . 
  you 're here so i can finish what i started . 
  thibs to rose probably, 
  i did but what the hell can snapchat do besides block her account , the person will just make another one, 
  any advice on how i could go about this ? 
  what you want me to post a picture of an 8 year old girl in a tub ? 
  no thanks , add her yourself she has multiple accounts always changing i think this is the most recent one justinehart69 on snapchat . 
  i removed her from my contacts cause i panicked , really caught me off guard, 
  e : seriously what more proof do you want ? 
  add her and monitor her stories maybe you catch her doing it as well , what proof would you like me to give you ? 
  really did n't seem like it but what do i know . 
  for months it was just a woman posing in lingerie advertising her kik and various other social media account names . 
  claiming she 's `` selling her private snapchat and more '' shit like that , i 'm assuming for private cam shows . 
  i should have taken a screenshot , i regret it so much now , i was just so in awe i did n't want none of that shit on my phone , my immediate reaction was to remove and report, 
  grow up, 
  basically done deal, 
  it 100 % did, 
  picture of her she just posted , not cp do n't worry safe to click, 
  this was all on my phone . 
  i was n't watching porn , snapchat to my understanding is n't a porn site , that 's why it was so unexpected for me to see a naked 8 year old girl being advertised on snapchat . 
  god damn , even imported palm trees to detroit, 
  miami please, 
  e : everyone is available for trade, 
  wow , best day of my life, 
  the kings 10th pick is available , they 're look for a pick in the 12-18 range in return . 
  any proposals for us to move 4 spots up in the draft ? 
  working on something for that 10th pick , i 'll inbox you, 
  she just posted it again ... on a different account, 
  she just posted the picture of the little girl in the tub if anybody wants proof it 's up right now, 
  the picture is up right now on her snapchat, 
  she just posted it again , if you want a screenshot let me know . 
  there 's your proof, 
  she just posted it again, 
  i would definitely need to attach something else to mcbob along with the 14th pick . 
  not sure if it would be the wisest move to trade him right now in his final year , might as well just take the hit on the 6mil . 
  unless you really think we should shoot for that 10th pick ? 
  dude just be happy we 're not paying him 24mil a year . 
  i 'll look into it . 
  was just checking out the kings roster was trying to construct something around mcbob and our 14 for their 10 and koufos , but i definitely need more . 
  i 'm 100 % in agreement with your analysis especially on winslow and dragi\u0107 . 
  let you know what he says, 
  rejected as expected . 
  he 's looking for a young wing player . 
  smh vlade would have done it, 
  thank his pops, 
  oh prime wade how i miss thou, 
  sorry milwaukee, 
  to unload mcroberts and move up 4 spots in the draft ? 
  i think so . 
  although it would be more clear once waiters and jj decide what they 're doing . 
  we are pretty loaded at the guard spot which is n't a bad thing really but maybe we could give up one of them . 
  i would love markannen . 
  as of right now i 'm trying to move up in the draft for the possibility of landing him . 
  jrich seems like the only moveable asset to go along with mcbob and our pick so i think i 'll consider throwing that pitch out there to some of the other gm 's, 
  maybe he does n't even wan na play basketball ? 
  this kid and fultz . 
  y' all are good , trade it to brooklyn for their 2022 pick, 
  good on some of the fans clapping . 
  nice gesture, 
  fans in the arena view the game in this quality ? 
  boston humans have bad eyes, 
  they do n't have tucker or carroll, 
  how the fuck are the cavs not underdogs ?
