  holy moly, 
  this changes things, 
  rip atlanta, 
  ross cojo powell carrol , they got them assets , patterson, 
  based mods, 
  i was short , 48 million whole dollars, 
  drone strikes, 
  please no , foh sacramento, 
  a rudy three-way ? 
  fuck that , this is our tanking season, 
  you guys are the worst, 
  probably staying put, 
  he hit some tough ass shots with kawhi draped all over him the other night . 
  yeah just like we did ... . . kill me, 
  we still on about this ? 
  if anybody wants a good chuckle this morning , the whining and crying over the korver trade on r/warriors is beyond satisfying, 
  there was boston, 
  thank god, 
  just hijacked it to point it out, 
  we got justin windsor , is like mini brond james, 
  warriors needed him duhh, 
  haha no problem bro , i did the same, 
  oh yeah for sure , we budgeted the fuck out of that 4 year run . 
  i think that 's what bit us in the ass in 2014 . 
  our team was so old and we made no effort on trying to get a couple of young studs to fill out the bench , wade 's knees completely gave out that year . 
  you 're right though , that would be interesting to see, 
  bro it 's nothing personal , just basketball banter . 
  i 'm sure you must understand why we love to hate your team . 
  sometimes it 's not nice being too honest, 
  well he was like 18 when he started in that 70s show, 
  anybody else read lebrons voice in a deep british accent ? 
  got ta watch out for the russians as well, 
  do n't think so . 
  they are still a great team . 
  last night 's game just goes to show that it 's easier said than done to integrate a top tier superstar on already star studded team , plus they all just kinda collapsed , not kd alone . 
  the dudes well connected . 
  i 'm sure money is n't too much of a problem for him . 
  ca n't be the 49th most influential person in dc as a average joe , pizza shop owner or not . 
  fuck the rules, 
  while i do agree that a point guard is the most important position a d easiest to build around , i do n't think kyrie is the point guard that fits that description . 
  yeah for sure , but i think kawhis skillet is more unique and valuable since kyrie is n't really a pure point guard type but more of a lethal offensive guard . 
  both of them are nice really, 
  no you 're right . 
  it 's definitely odd and unorthodox . 
  has anybody looked into his background ? 
  where he hails from ? 
  what college did he attend ? 
  any info on his childhood ? 
  i 'd love to look into that but i 'd have no clue where to start, 
  sadly this wo n't be taken seriously and will be easily dismissed as a psychological problem/drug abuse . 
  i 'm not sure about the name change cause i believe his sister shares the same surname, 
  this is what 4 years of glory costs you . 
  be warned, 
  fuck yes . 
  love the big brother/little brother relationship him and wade developed :'), 
  that feeling when 70 million dollars and california weather is n't enough to get over cleveland, 
  my boy oj knows who 's got the best psychedelics , native tribes . 
  like why the fuck does n't ps4 have this instead of the stupid centre button ? 
  imagine a mini flat lcd screen there instead ? 
  for games like fallout and the witcher it would come in so handy, 
  i can tell by the land scape and the attire he 's wearing that it 's an african country . 
  all i meant was native african tribe . 
  well these guys are called oajumbe\u00e9 mayolele, 
  i got you b , i 'm an expert on tribes and shit, 
  never fuck with a balkans hair , even if he 's already sweaty, 
  so who wants dragi\u0107 ? 
  is still good , only 75,000 miles , runs great, 
  he did . 
  but we wo n't need him for the playoffs this year, 
  he 's an asshole . 
  total bitch move, 
  back of the head too . 
  ufc wo n't even allow that, 
  no no no , that would be worst case scenario, 
  all these raptor dance girls could get it, 
  6ft turkeys, 
  im sorry but this looked like a bit of a flop ... 
  perhaps . 
  neck injuries are weird , and it could happen with minimal contact . 
  just the way he jerked back seemed abit exaggerated , maybe the flop attempt ended up aggrevating his neck . 
  everyone but luke babbit . 
  cause who the fuck needs/wants a luke babbit ? 
  exactly what a murderer would say, 
  and i 'm 25, 
  drama queen, 
  jay would have been a good player i think . 
  how does a mega star hide in new york ? 
  damn rose really just wanted to sit one out . 
  glad he 's okay , but something is clearly up . 
  lower numbers in those slots = good team, 
  higher numbers = bad team, 
  countless hours on gamecube, 
  most overrated pornstar, 
  an `` ugly '' pornstar is still pretty good , relative to other pronstars, 
  honestly dude ... i stick to the no name girls . 
  top tier pornstars are n't my thing , way hotter chicks out there who did n't even make a name for themselves, 
  they would n't . 
  he 's saying that 's the only way it could happen, 
  wait . . his son is still in chicago ? 
  that 's rough on rose but even more rough on the kid .
