  i predict a dragon sighting tonight on game of thrones ,, 
  ask again when you have a different head coach next year, 
  i would really like to see this cause i missed it, 
  pacers, 
  were you not entertained earlier today ? 
  same , kinda rubs me the wrong way, 
  loool pg out here tolling the 6, 
  great , well thought out post, 
  same , clicked on it and seen important looking stuff ... disappointed, 
  no he 's not, 
  pick on someone your own size, 
  would i be wrong to say charlotte looked tougher than both of these teams ? 
  i love tornado guy, 
  storm from xmen ? 
  i do n't know if demar is good or just takes some ballsy ass shots and hits them, 
  demar dragic, 
  i swear they look like twins, 
  it really is, 
  biggest jinx right here toronto, 
  denied by the determined derozan, 
  i feel like there are alot of players in the league that could put up demara numbers given the usage rate, 
  super frustrating to watch , how do y' all do it ? 
  if demar drops 60 , you may use this argument, 
  and you probably have n't left ohio your whole entire life, 
  i hope he shoots 10/30 against us, 
  do n't be so closed minded about your friendly neighbors, 
  i swear cojo hates being on the floor with demar, 
  its happening, 
  here 's to a good series, 
  justise ... meet your new assignment, 
  demar ... meet justise, 
  fuck i ca n't wait for tuesday, 
  not disputing that . 
  but he 's gon na have to work just as hard for his points . 
  i 'm completely content with him shooting 10/31, 
  our primary defensive scheme is chasing shooters off the perimeter and driving them into whiteside ... 
  yes , no rest for us 7 game series guys , that 's what we get, 
  shhhhh i did n't watch it yet :(, 
  you guys have a great shot against us . 
  we do n't have a player of pgs caliber , and if whiteside gets in foul trouble your bigs are gon na feast , hassan is your biggest problem . 
  wade is n't the defender he once was and we rely heavily on our two rookies to make some plays . 
  hope you 're ready for another 7 game series, 
  larry , do n't do what the bulls did , it never works, 
  nsa `` where amazing happens '', 
  he honestly filled boshs shoes almost perfectly , i do n't expect his production to drop off either against torrano, 
  i 'm in the same boat , growing up i split my time moving from toronto to ft.lauderdale , been a heat lifer since 03 . 
  so when i go out to bars wearing a dragic or wade jersey downtown toronto i get the dirtiest looks and my friends hate me . 
  they are the enemy now , and that 's all that counts , fuck my friends . 
  heat for life, 
  what, 
  guys its stanley johnson , hi stanley, 
  these guys should team up in toronto, 
  dream scenario, 
  byron looking for a prom date, 
  at least you can use `` legibly '' in a sentence , i do n't even know what it means, 
  this is exactly where i stand . 
  pat riley needs to come out and give a clear cut speech on his situation , and rule him out for good . 
  enough of this , we need to stay focused on what 's ahead right now , this bosh drama could potentially throw everything off, 
  the best story line, 
  jimbo is the worst, 
  have you ever seen a man bow down to his knees and consume his own shit ? 
  not quite as satisfying as you 'd think it 'd be, 
  honestly wtf is with his history , weirdest shit i 've ever seen, 
  was purple shirt guy prince reincarnated for a night that fueled wade and propelled miami to a victory ? 
  players are going to a stronger western conference to avoid the wrath of lebron james , makes sense, 
  my bad , was n't aware of that works exactly, 
  lol porzingod the tall blue monstar i love it !, 
  hey guys , happy monday y' all i felt like ass all day , downvotes for mondays ? 
  slim ? 
  this guy is fucked, 
  can you look it up for me ? 
  lebron james, 
  man schroeder has a nice shot, 
  damn cavs fans sure love those ecf banners, 
  lue , best coach of the decade, 
  last years hawks jerseys were better, 
  premier league champs as of today , sixers basically had a better chance of winning the title this year than that happening, 
  schroedor is good at layups, 
  imagine he put $ 1million on them ? 
  yeah but imagine, 
  that fiorina broad takes the cake for craziest crazy out there ... cruz 's running mate, 
  cause what 's a playoff series without a jr elbow ? 
  you guys have been needing that for the last decade, 
  ben simmons wears make up, 
  i do n't know how ty lue did n't get coach of the year, 
  ty is better, 
  no its 1, 
  pretty much, 
  paul george on atlanta would be dirty, 
  how did n't he get coach of the year ? 
  he 's so good, 
  that is / r/mildlyinteresting, 
  even that 's an understatement, 
  82 million % at the free throw line, 
  atlanta missed so many open shots, 
  dude relax, 
  china doll love, 
  add another ecf banner to the historic cavs, 
  i swear if klay had his own team he would compete for the scoring title, 
  thanks magic,
