  richardson and johnson would be gone this year and next year if he signed wade . 
  he 's banking on retaining those guys in the future over a couple of more years with wade . 
  it sucks for us fans but i guess it makes sense, 
  i think dirk and kobe are more than superstars . 
  i can probably name a few players in today 's league that are considered to be superstars but i doubt they feel they will be financially secured by their current organization when they hit the wrong side of 30 . 
  that 's not what i meant at all . 
  dwyane deserved to be paid , he did n't * have * to be according to riley . 
  i agree it will all look stupid in a couple of years, 
  yeah it 's winter there now , who the hell goes to brazil in the winter . 
  they should have hosted the winter olympics, 
  this is demars job on this team . 
  do something like this every game, 
  m. . . martian m. . manhunter ... ? 
  i love his game . 
  but he 's the best dunker on this squad , therefore his job is doing sick dunks, 
  i feel like he 's going for that, 
  i think it 's great he 's still doing this but i 'm kind of surprised the league is allowing it, 
  relax dude , it was a joke . 
  napping with klay , i 'm in, 
  probably not , there 's nobody as good at creating their own shot in today 's league like kobe . 
  klay and steph can go off , but not quite like that, 
  we are a basketball nation, 
  yes i do mean serbia . 
  yes you are right , croats took the soccer talent we took the basketball and water polo talent . 
  shame once we shared that talent and were an international powerhouse in both sports . 
  croatia is still producing very good prospects though , just national team has n't really accomplished much , might change in a few years . 
  i mean do disrespect , but count the titles and medals . 
  click on ` results ', 
  edit : `` no '' not do, 
  fuck you bub, 
  im a serb from croatia born in canada , are you confused yet ? 
  i do n't understand , is this like roleplay sex ? 
  i thought that 's how brits say uncle, 
  that 's no way to talk to your god emperor, 
  dragic got one basically ... 
  he 's not even talking or making a single noise at all, 
  yeah true, 
  dwyane can fuck my girl anytime he pleases, 
  son of thunder , bringer of rain, 
  ca n't hide that dialect, 
  yeah, 
  is this about the heat ? 
  the heat could at least repeat titles, 
  hijacking, 
  why was this post removed ? 
  i do n't know it 's off season , you guys wo n't be good forever either so relax bub, 
  son of thunder , bringer of rain, 
  drop 50 on us and fuck my girl wade, 
  and he ca n't have a home coming to make up for it cause he does n't have a home . 
  he is homeless, 
  that 's fake, 
  if you think of a bus as a moose you could say it 's no longer a bus, 
  i am content with this statement, 
  ca n't use that now though for lakers roast , what a waster you are bro, 
  fuck me off i 'm so unco, 
  i would, 
  we got nothing left to lose, 
  why ca n't this be the common narrative, 
  riley does n't wan na tank . 
  he trusts these young guys and feels we can stay competitive , they have great chemistry , whiteside jrich winslow and tj . 
  he 's betting that 27 year old tj will prove to be more valuable than 38 year old wade . 
  that does n't justify tjs contract though , he still needs live up to it , it 's a gamble of course . 
  jrich was also a part of that decision cause he continues along this trajectory , he would have been poached had riley paid wade . 
  not sure how they 'd be able to match any offers if hes a proven starter by then , with hassan wade bosh and dragic all on basically max deals . 
  i could be wrong though . 
  if wade signed with us this year it would have been more than 2 years . 
  i think that was part of the disagreement . 
  i do n't think he retires in 2 years , he 's getting his money in chicago now ... but he 'll be back after for his final year, 
  they would n't, 
  weird , when you watch dd play at time it seems like he can score at will in many different ways , he 's very crafty around the rim and uses a floater quite abit . 
  his shot percentage tells another story though, 
  he can take out a small loan, 
  demars legit man , fuck the haters, 
  league mvp is more realistic, 
  some sensei you are, 
  but is dre smashing ? 
  damn that 's fucked up, 
  ca n't wait to see wade throw him lobs, 
  lol what are you talking about, 
  best league bromance, 
  you want me to ? 
  kid from the hood turned billionaire in less than 20 years . 
  ca n't imagine what that feels like, 
  no but i think he 's well on his way there, 
  ... the fuck ? 
  approved, 
  this whole narrative that 3 point shooting is the only way to go in today 's league is idiotic . 
  teams are shooting more 3s than ever , yes , we also have some of the greatest 3pt shooters in history right now . 
  you can still be dominant without a 3pt shot , a player with the ability to create his own shot might prove to be more useful than a dead eye sniper . 
  switch demar with klay and both teams get progressively worse . 
  right but a two guard does n't need a 3pt shot to be a killer in today 's league or ever . 
  wade played a full career without being a serious threat from deep , and i 'll take 09 wade even in today 's league over today 's snipers like harden and klay and lillard, 
  perhaps , a case could made for that for sure not denying that . 
  toronto does rely on demar for being almost a secondary ball handler at times , and in clutch situations you can give him the ball and let him run the clock down . 
  we dont see klay doing that but he does n't really need to at the same time , completely different team system . 
  do n't bring that kind of logic around here , nba is n't where amazing happens, 
  he definitely had alot more game to offer from the start compared to demar . 
  demar just worked so hard to get where he 's at today it 's incredible, 
  kat , lavine , wiggins and dunn were born for this though, 
  cccc,
