  that big l line, 
  i do n't think ad alone would be enough on that spurs team, 
  most definitely eh ? 
  he wreaks havoc on any opposing lineup , and would be a great counter to the warriors small ball line up . 
  i 'm arguing your point of putting him on the spurs the way they 're presently constructed would n't put them over top . 
  putting him on houston , now we 're talking . 
  defensive big capable of switching 1-5 surrounded by shooters . 
  meh , id still take the warriors . 
  agree to disagree . 
  smoke all the weed !, 
  wake n bake n lift, 
  naw we kept ellington and rodney . 
  rodney do n't care, 
  yeah seriously . 
  thank god we did n't take those useless picks, 
  i agree he should . 
  but none of that shot chucking nonsense we saw to start last season . 
  he should be a cutter/slasher on offense . 
  i do n't know man we found our established scorers now , we do n't need much from winslow except to hit the occasional jump shot . 
  our games next season wo n't be practice sessions for him . 
  i get that and i agree but our front office did n't just hand out 150 million to 3 players to watch justise develope . 
  we need to compete next year and we 're not doing that if he 's taking 15 + shots a game , unless of course if his offensive game made that necessary leap . 
  god i hope you 're wrong . 
  that last sentence made me cringe, 
  i think that 's a really unfair argument to use in this case . 
  before lebron , kyrie was young as hell and that roster was putrid . 
  now when lebron sits i agree that the cavs have issues maintaining the offense but that roster was also designed for lebron being on the floor . 
  i think kyrie would fair fine as a number 1 option and a decent team . 
  we might see that when lebron leaves so we might get an actual answer . 
  i 'm taking kyrie over dame right now . 
  yeah i guess i could agree with that . 
  it 's hard cause kyrie has had some big time moments in big time games but once you look past that , dame is probably the better player for now . 
  i changed my mind, 
  all i meant by that was that if you 're gon na build around kyrie you probably would n't go with those guys as his complementary pieces . 
  well i have n't put much thought into it so just off the top of my head, 
  bird, 
  shaq, 
  honestly i really wanted collins , he 's looking great for you guys . 
  well i want it, 
  hang in there brother, 
  jesus , the fuck would that even look like ? 
  he literally invented it, 
  you think he 's gon na have to take a minor backseat to russ for them to maximize success ? 
  i can already see them settling this next off season like in zoolander, 
  maybe it rubs off on lebron a bit, 
  but richer , so i doubt they care . 
  you could probably do that with every player, 
  i voted trump, 
  yeah his record is 71-45 against all the other gms in the world, 
  just give him blood clots , get that sweet sweet cap relief, 
  prime peja in today 's league would be something special, 
  his release is super quick , could be an amazing catch and shoot player, 
  sounds like a gun, 
  people acting like klay is a streaky shooter lol . 
  dude is consistent as fuck on both ends of the floor . 
  on a regular night you 're in trouble guarding klay , when he 's hot you 're simply fucked . 
  paul george is the overall better player like everyone 's saying , but pg has displayed more inconsistencies than klay imo . 
  ask the pistons, 
  you ca n't make this shit up, 
  having him come off the bench would be fucking amazing . 
  he needs to embrace a manu ginobili role, 
  if he gets bought out by the bulls he can sign with any team for cheap . 
  so technically yes it 's possible, 
  5 bucks , take it or leave it, 
  good contracts are based off ring returns ? 
  hmmm til, 
  put anthony davis on the list then cause he ai n't winning shit any time soon . 
  bad contract ? 
  i would n't say so cause it 's anthony fucking davis, 
  probably , they 've been around for a long time, 
  hayward waived, 
  somebody convince why he deserved an all rookie team spot , i did n't watch much of him last year other than his highlights ... im also probably salty rodney mcgruder did n't get in, 
  makes sense , a lot of talent coming out of the d league lately i think it 's great and makes for great story lines . 
  forgot we got this scrub, 
  no he did n't really have any eye popping games like that but he started 65 games for us and was extremely solid , especially on defense . 
  i was n't hating on yogi im sure he deserved it , rodney was over looked cause we were trash for the most part , but it was also an extremely weak rookie class and brogdon did outplay him for that second guard spot . 
  hopefully `` hoe '' is the correct gender pronoun in this case, 
  fucking catalina wine mixer, 
  are you colluding with the russians ? 
  surprised this is that low , honestly fuck zaza pachulia . 
  who the fuck would think like that, 
  walt fucking bellamy there 's a name i have n't heard in forever, 
  how has this headline not picked up any steam ? 
  you can always buy their pick, 
  goddamn garpax monsta ' !, 
  roger goodell, 
  bbb league pass, 
  you do n't care about penguins do you, 
  you ca n't say that for sure, 
  yezzir, 
  he 's not, 
  come back and euro step on these hoes like manu, 
  rockets with lbj . 
  him and harden would be dirty , they could have an elite floor general capable of running an offense on the floor at all times . 
  how is he overrated ? 
  boshs main praise seems to be how he adapted to playing with lbj and wade as 3rd fiddle and changed his game up . 
  had a decent tenure as a number 1 option in toronto , hes never mentioned even in the same breath as some of the best pfs of all time , but hes also no lamarcus aldridge , kevin love calibre player . 
  i think he 's, 
  an exceptional player with a great career and is rated pretty fairly even on this sub . 
  you kinda used what i stated he 's praised for and remembered by as reasons why hes overrated .
