  he believed his chances of winning were greater with love and kyrie . 
  also , like we saw today , he likes being involved in fo decisions , he was n't getting that in miami . 
  that 's why he has two rings in miami and i highly doubt he will get one in cleveland, 
  always wondered how he gets these stories out mid-hibernation, 
  i get it ... the odds are n't in our favour ... but they are, 
  pau expressed he wanted to come to miami , prior to lebrons departure, 
  james wanted spo out and riley told him to put a sock in it and get back out on the court . 
  i apologize , it 's a decent post, 
  was n't he also linked to like 13 gang ratings ? 
  you 're right , that 's exactly what the gameplan was , are you like a expert sports guy ? 
  what offence were they guilty of ? 
  wow that is a little underrated, 
  jays ai n't a joke either , i think they are better off without price , he 's a bum, 
  and when things got really sour , everyone just yelled at rio . 
  great team, 
  kinda rude, 
  d3mar d3rozan, 
  we are bad and we should feel bad . 
  i do n't think so . 
  bosh is heavily appreciated in toronto . 
  they are a sport crazy city and yeah their fans are pretty harsh, 
  50 % though, 
  go fire your head coach, 
  that 's a little extreme . 
  carter put them on the map and they have been consistently good the last three years, 
  perfect, 
  he said seriously though, 
  wow so no credit to bargnani ? 
  shoulda went to toronto , wore # 7 and completely erase bargnani from history, 
  the coaches do . 
  that bonus though, 
  40k if i 'm not mistaken, 
  do they still have a shot at 72-10 ? 
  take it from me , unbiased heat fan , raptors get zero love from the refs in the season let alone the playoffs . 
  god you 're so right, 
  you need to git up , get out and get something, 
  we needed the fuck outta that win, 
  dwyane `` gametime decision '' wade with the game closer, 
  winslow had an awesome game , love players that give you a little bit of everything and especially that d , 
  paul george, 
  drummond, 
  easily, 
  how the fuck does he * basically * have two !, 
  drakes whack, 
  i 'll take it ... 
  it does n't ... at all, 
  honestly they are playing this great without they 're best perimeter defender in demarre carrol , can only see them getting better when he comes back, 
  that same old ass team demolished , and i mean demolished , one of the most athletic teams of this decade in 2014 . 
  man you 're right , 6 '10 with unlimited range, 
  that 's why he 's not there, 
  but man i bet it felt that much fucking sweeter in 2011, 
  it 's prestigious, 
  you meant eastern conference championship right ? 
  not like the actual nba championship ? 
  how did the supersonics almost do it, 
  cause the cavs were n't his team 2 years ago, 
  honestly ... just stand at the 3pt line and shoot , that 's all we need, 
  we need three point shooting . 
  end of story, 
  sorry , no can do, 
  really got the job done tonight , you guys are lucky to have him, 
  perhaps it * stings * less ? 
  ... . ironically, 
  windsor is right there ... 
  spurs things, 
  i actually agree with you, 
  this sounds like a load of crap . 
  i spent a couple years in toronto recently . 
  let me start off by saying that i think it is the most underrated cities in north america . 
  i love seasonal weather and toronto does it the best , hot clear summers and beautiful white winters ( this year is an exception ) . 
  plenty of nightlife and just as glamorous as la , often times you catch yourself in the middle of a movie/tv series set while roaming about . 
  the multiculturalism and unlimited eateries ( seriously , you could try a different restaurant everyday for a year ) is simply amazing and incomparable to other cities . 
  that being said , it is by no means a budget friendly city . 
  i paid , with my two roommates , 2500 $ a month in rent alone for a small three bedroom apartment/duplex in the annex area . 
  i feel like these so called `` economists '' get their stats from how white collar citizens are living and spending , but if you 're just an average joe like i was , you really got ta budget yourself properly . 
  of course i feel like this applies to any major city , but among canadians it is no secret that toronto is overpriced . 
  yeah i agree with that . 
  to me it was n't so much the price that bothered me , it was just the size of the pad , , maybe we could have shopped around more but we did n't have the time . 
  overall though it is my favourite city ( besides amsterdam  ) and actually plan on moving there permanently sometime in the future . 
  it g ma, 
  came here for this , that was fucking hilarious . 
  somebody should please post full version with sound, 
  `` is this cgi ? '', 
  name one big that can do that though, 
  yeah , such a guy has never existed , never will . 
  it 's okay brother ... it 's okay, 
  i know right , toronto did good . 
  stings a legend , better than some lip syncing nonsense . 
  he was a machine, 
  games aging swell though, 
  ca n't he just pull himself out ? 
  doubt he 's being forced to play when y' all are up that late in a game ... 
  this logic helped us a lot during that 4 year run, 
  can confirm . 
  `` michael beasley high '' is as high as the bar goes amongst my peers . 
  how is being up 20 in the fourth competitive ? 
  i love the guy . 
  all time great , but he 's had his moments where he almost makes it to easy to dislike him . 
  slice it however the fuck you want b , bosh is our best player . 
  no team is better without their best player .
