  players mvp it is then, 
  smh, 
  i disagree, 
  get this man on the joe rogan experience , and sit him beside eddie bravo, 
  i think it 's debatable, 
  1 of those is 100 % true though, 
  lebron : `` aww it 's retarded '', 
  someone paid attention in kindergarten, 
  yeah it 's a piece of cake dunk, 
  wow they really love eachother . 
  fake news all along, 
  i see it already , dion waiters is heading to no, 
  at this point you guys might get blamed for the holocaust, 
  winning cures everything . 
  kings will spend that 30 mil somewhere else and still be losing, 
  they let him go for nothing yesterday so yeah, 
  i get why he 's being downvoted . 
  but 180mil is alot of money to us according to our spending habits . 
  180 mil might not be that much if you 're spending alot more on a lavish lifestyle . 
  i know it sounds dumb but that 's why some of these guys go broke . 
  fuck yeah , i 'm with you . 
  30 million is alot of money even to a billionaire . 
  people think that 's like 100 $ to us when really it 's not . 
  losing that much money stings, 
  `` beer '', 
  well some of them do n't have amazing money management skills like you do, 
  sporting arenas food and drinks along with theatre popcorn and snacks are the biggest mafia in the world . 
  you did n't need to rephrase that . 
  i 'm not a retard . 
  boogie is also probably spending 200 times over the average american . 
  i do n't think i disagree with you , i 'm just saying it 's not as black and white as you think . 
  was n't sure this was a sob thread ? 
  nobody 's feeling sorry for him , just stating he 's missing out on 30 mil , which sucks no matter who you are . 
  dion waiters ... you 're free to join to them in the summer after you deliver us a ring, 
  fuck that , toronto bounced back anyways by dealing bargnani lmao, 
  they do n't need much at this point . 
  i would rather go after a pass first guard . 
  fill out the roster with some decent talent , no need throwing money at star wings/guards . 
  and peja, 
  real question is , will gentry know what the fuck to do with these two, 
  could n't even make it to the : ? 
  he really did . 
  of course he 's gon na get shit on by the fans , but it kinda makes sense . 
  at least dmc is now paired with another superstar, 
  they drafted boogie, 
  ca n't draft a superstar every time around . 
  i feel like this will bode well for sacramento, 
  obvious picks sometimes bust, 
  damn , now that 's how you tank . 
  yes , both wolves, 
  luke babbit, 
  does anything make sense anymore ? 
  can the f5ing children please leave, 
  shut up, 
  #we are farmers, 
  jimmy, 
  that 's mean, 
  i 've had my moments, 
  drummond would be what he needs to be on the raptors , what he is n't in detroit . 
  an elite clean up put back guy . 
  would be great for toronto , jv is heavily underutilized as it is anyways . 
  i guess that makes sense, 
  welcome to the show, 
  what 's your budget, 
  save your money , buy a ticket to mexico, 
  explain, 
  you wo n't have any luck on used car lots with that . 
  you 're better off going private sale off kijiji . 
  mind you , 1500 $ wo n't get you much these days . 
  could you handle a weekly car payment ? 
  might be better off putting 1500 $ down on 6-8k car . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible . 
  but you have to shop around quite abit and get lucky . 
  always remember when purchasing a car , it 's not the initial cost of the vehicle that you should worry about , but the future costs . 
  for 1500 $ you 're looking at a car that 's at least 10-15 years old , sure you can find something . 
  but you 'll end up spending well over 1500 $ in repairs probably your first year driving it . 
  pretty sad really . 
  he 's a good player, 
  apparently i 'm a subreddit, 
  2k mypark , nbastreams on mobile and ipad , dual screening like a mf, 
  i agree with you . 
  but is that an actual qualification/rule according to the nba ? 
  raptors will prove again right now post all-star break that they are the second best team in the east . 
  sure . 
  10 stacks . 
  through paypal . 
  no you send me ten bucks , so i can keep it . 
  buy a pack of smokes and back out on the bet . 
  well i mean that was toronto 's narrative as well . 
  but they got to the ecf , so that narrative died . 
  boston needs to do the same , and you guys sure are capable of it . 
  abi is so dope, 
  changed his number ? 
  yeah , in the wcf, 
  yes , houston needs him to stop curry, 
  i did my first desk pop !, 
  its a real thing right !, 
  it 's tomorrow !, 
  john wall, 
  give them westbrook,
