  win or lose i just want it to end, 
  juwan howard, 
  love me some derozan in ot, 
  yeah if we could get 1st round deng for the rest of this raptors series that would be great, 
  i love our dad guys, 
  he disrespect toronto in overtime last night that 's for sure, 
  wade : `` you guys should apologize for thinking i was disrespectful '', 
  piece of shit wade , dirty play , bush league, 
  darko ? 
  damn , this guy is one of few players that embraced the city of toronto as his own and truly calls it home , and all i see is raptors fans wishing he does n't resign . 
  i understand he 's playing like shit but the raptors would n't be in the playoffs without him . 
  demar does n't have to be your go to guy on this team and he can still contribute . 
  you guys are deep as fuck ,, 
  yeah you 're right i guess , i just seem him being the best as a 16-18ppg scorer playing second fiddle on a well coached team . 
  i do n't believe he 's a bum , i think there is a place for him in this league and he 's proven that . 
  now are you gon na contend with him ? 
  probably not, 
  lol wtf , how is that different from what u said, 
  drake is a douchebag, 
  i know you guys probably do n't care , but i truly love fish sticks, 
  wade clearly pushed off , should have been a flagrant on wade, 
  ben looks like he has no idea why he 's being compared to lebron, 
  wtf , despite his injury he 's lived up to every god damn penny to that contract . 
  probably their best player this series too , minus jv . 
  time to bust out the crystal balls guys, 
  no need to explain, 
  a team full of scrubs and lebron will always go further than a team full of scrubs and curry, 
  unsubscribe please, 
  yeah but i 've seen lebron and really i do n't need that argument here . 
  lebron is the better player , get over it . 
  i 'm sorry , what was curry doing his first 5 years in the league ? 
  2 great years is enough to surpass lebron as the best player ? 
  steph is great , greatest shooter of all time , but he 's peaking late and it remains to be seen if hes able to sustain this type of play . 
  op asked who the better overall player is in a vacuum , that means all accolades get put a side ( even though accolades favor lebron ) curry is a better shooter than lebron and that 's about it . 
  ... . . i 'm answering what op asked . 
  who 's the better overall player in a vacuum . 
  who is better at playing basketball , the answer is lebron , since his god damn rookie year . 
  numbers do n't lie, 
  stressed spelled backwards is desserts, 
  lol @ free gucci mane sign, 
  why are you surprised, 
  come on refs , what are we paying you for ? 
  that was a flagrant on lowry, 
  alonzo at center pls, 
  everyone is dying !, 
  yeah that was when they changed the game ball for a year and players did n't like it, 
  you guys are deeper though ... we had winslow at center -_- fml, 
  it 's time, 
  it 's ok bb, 
  i 'm gon na try this, 
  oh you guys at jurassic park had to bust out the wade crying jordan meme cutout, 
  i been waiting for it ... 
  demar realized he can pass out of a terrible shot, 
  fuck it i 'm down with it , take us home dwyane, 
  man i want wade to crack that playoff top 10 scoring , just passed hakeem for 12, 
  yeah -_-, 
  worst contract, 
  voosevitz, 
  who the fuck is dwane casey compared to vogel and spo , get off your high horse, 
  i grew up splitting my time between fort lauderdale and toronto . 
  heat is in my heart, 
  that 's my dawg, 
  its just not a part of his game , it never was , but man does he ever nail them when we need it most, 
  30 % in his athletic prime is pretty awful . 
  old wades legs do n't quite have it in them for a consistent long range jumper . 
  prozingis vs bender is gon na be the next historic rivalry, 
  pls no, 
  damn , would 've been better, 
  there should be more garbage around the bag , he ai n't that accurate, 
  playing basketball, 
  hodor, 
  by leading his rookie ? 
  welcome ... to the show, 
  hands off, 
  it snowed this morning, 
  indian muslim raptor fans, 
  20 , but yeah, 
  i ca n't even see him, 
  omfg, 
  good for him , uses it to his advantage helps us win, 
  i am so salty right now, 
  shut the fuck up please, 
  i do n't get this, 
  i only see jvs legs and head , where the hell is his body wtf ? 
  congrats to cska moscow euro league champs, 
  refresh my memory, 
  mcbob trying to rebound with his shoulders, 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  can somebody man up on ky-lo, 
  any bosh jerseys in that locker room ? 
  i did, 
  american tim horton 's has some delicious looking shit, 
  lol you got swept two years in a row , mediocre ass team for decades, 
  i would hope so , going up against midgets, 
  biyombo go get your 80mil, 
  good game toronto , you guys took care of business at home . 
  you deserve to be in the ecf and the team owes it to its amazing fans . 
  ... incoming bandwagon flair :'(, 
  cavs in 7, 
  they both got their chance , and we got killed every time we played them .
