  yugoslavia 's economy literally started collapsing as soon as he died . 
  i never said he did communism right , that does n't exist . 
  unless there 's 20 of us stranded on an island , a basic form of communism might be a good way to govern ourselves . 
  with a vast population it is impossible . 
  you were also the one who resorted to pointing out the social collapse of yugoslavia , not me compadre . 
  whole new level of pettiness, 
  cause vucci mane is retarded, 
  e : how is it a good nickname ? 
  i do n't blame him for not liking to be called after a trash rapper . 
  right but the issue is why does n't vuc like it . 
  and i completely understand why , cause maybe he does n't relate to that `` pop-culture '' at all . 
  i called the nickname retarded . 
  gucci is meh , there is a time and a place for it . 
  just my opinion , i ca n't bump trap all day long . 
  it 's not soft at all man . 
  you are 100 % correct . 
  he should keep his mouth shut . 
  people seem to have a problem with what he , as a man , believes , not necessarily what he said . 
  that 's what i do n't understand . 
  he 's free to think that way , but incredibly dumb for making jokes in a publicized interview about it . 
  is this enough info to label amar ' e as a bigot ? 
  in my opinion no . 
  none of us know him on a personal level . 
  he does n't like gay men , and that makes headlines . 
  a gay guy hating straight men ( which there are probably plenty of ) wo n't gain much traction in today 's world . 
  you literally switch one letter ... but hey to each their own i guess, 
  the best right here, 
  jordan mcrae, 
  well it is * odd * shottv, 
  it is rather odd, 
  yeah , bulletproof glass of the highest grade possible, 
  by that logic vince carter should have retired 2 years ago, 
  but he sure did n't retire in hopes of winning a ship no ? 
  he 's collecting them checks . 
  wade can do the same, 
  omfg how man fucking times, 
  i wonder if you would say the same thing about a player leading in scoring in the 4th quarter, 
  were n't you a fan of that team 3 years ago ? 
  peja is one of them, 
  he is right . 
  in rws defense , alot of great players do n't make players around them better , including chuck . 
  have you seen my step back ? 
  miami and dallas in the finals . 
  miami in 6, 
  they 're like the cnn of sports, 
  i would say miami in 4 , but that 's a little unrealistic, 
  was a pretty good doc, 
  #fuck evan fournier, 
  he 's a good efficient point guard . 
  a little underrated at this point but not elite . 
  no he 's not, 
  no he 's not !, 
  has anybody else watched west world ? 
  kinda wanted a toronto comeback, 
  good chance we split . 
  your back-to-back record is pretty meh, 
  what type of mindset are you referring to ? 
  an open one ? 
  no point in arguing . 
  we 're on opposite ends of the spectrum . 
  disputing with a random redditor wo n't change either of our opinions . 
  cheers, 
  can somebody show these sleep science studies to my boss ? 
  you 're assuming i 'm some little kid who smoked some weed and watched some bill hicks videos online , and thats rather patronizing . 
  i 'm not the only person in the world who 's critical of cnn 's journalism , if you can even call it that . 
  their coverage of these elections only put the nail in their coffin . 
  i was n't trying to red pill anybody here , it 's just comical how quickly people come to cnns defense in my opinion . 
  rain drop , drop top , elfrids head looks like a dry mop, 
  thinks starting work at 6am is humane, 
  i fucking hate the orlando magic basketball team, 
  i mean i realize it 's hard to compete night in and night out with any nba team . 
  but man at this point of the season under these circumstances , we are a team shooting for playoffs while the opponent is hoping to tank . 
  just got ta get the fucking job done plain and simple, 
  this makes me wan na go in the fridge and grab the last soda, 
  oh we 'll see alright, 
  at least there was a time when people debated whether they should give the mvp to lebron or rose . 
  but essentially i agree, 
  so could i, 
  who out of ingram , russel and randle is a # 1 on a contender ? 
  tanking is for pussies and it 's becoming an excuse for just being a shit team . 
  i almost feel sorry for this guy, 
  well i can tell you right now that he 's probably not gon na be the number one option that propels the lakers to another title . 
  that does n't mean you guys ca n't be relevant with him . 
  you guys did n't tank , you guys were trash for three years going on four years now . 
  dallas did great by trading for noel , and signing barnes , lakers not so much for their off season signings . 
  do n't need 4 all stars if you got 2 guys like this, 
  the sixers are the only team to have successfully tanked in the last decade . 
  your last five years were n't tank jobs , but terrible fo moves . 
  you can rebuild without `` tanking '' . 
  you guys are n't tanking either , you 're just terrible . 
  when lebron left cleveland , they did n't tank for 4 years to get picks , they were terrible for 4 years and got picks and still did n't manage shit untill he came back . 
  tanking has become an excuse for poor play . 
  signing mozgov and deng to big contracts was n't for the purpose of tanking . 
  i only singled out the lakers cause my initial comment was to lakers fan who claimed the franchise is tanking . 
  that term is being way over used , maybe cause of the memes or whatever i do n't know . 
  i do n't think there is a single active team this season that is openly tanking . 
  alot of teams could benefit from higher draft picks yet they are still somewhere in playoff limbo . 
  a tank job has suddenly become an excuse for an unsuccessful season . 
  that 's exactly what i was referring to, 
  tool and mold lol .
