  if not the best , flair discrimination is real, 
  how, 
  of course we can . 
  jrich needs to get his shit together though . 
  i really do n't think so, 
  how many of those picks were a result of tanking though ? 
  i think it 's somewhat of a flawed analysis since it only takes into account the 1st overall pick . 
  i agree for sure , but is it really that much of a bold prediction to say that neither of these teams will make the finals within the next 10 years ? 
  i do n't think so . 
  give him peds please, 
  dame bent us over . 
  nothing we could do, 
  we got you rayray, 
  i kind of agree . 
  i think getting a 2 hour rest from practice is a more justified rest than sitting a full game out , or at least play limited minutes . 
  he got dis, 
  it does work , but it 's not the healthiest way to diet . 
  e : i 'm not advocating against it , research it . 
  it 's a good way to shed weight rapidly , but it 's not necessarily healthy for your brain or body . 
  give me '09 wade again or 13 ' lebron, 
  david rockefeller is dead . 
  calls for a celebration, 
  multiple heart transplants help, 
  who 's yelling at you ... ? 
  why would / r/keto say negative things about ketogenic diets ? 
  i do n't need to spew facts on here . 
  i was interested in doing it , and did my research on it . 
  talked to multiple doctors , my physician and dietician , and all of them were against it . 
  maybe it was n't for me , or for what i wanted to gain in terms of physique and health , it 's not for everyone . 
  if you wan na be lean and strong ( strength training ) a keto diet is not recommended . 
  a low carb diet is great , but keto virtually eliminates all carbs from your diet . 
  if you 're 6 ' 4 260 like me , and you work 10-12 hours a day on your feet plus you go to the gym you would know you need carbs to get through your day . 
  people love claiming you can lose all this weight without a pinch of exercise , without and sweating and pain and while it may be true , it 's not the way to go about it , at least not for me . 
  do n't eat junk food , drink lots of water , monitor your calorie intake and make sure you burn off calories every single day at the gym . 
  cardio , cardio , cardio , a ketogenic diet is useless if you 're not getting your heart pumping at least one hour per day . 
  most people do n't wan na have to deal the pain and sweat , but that 's what it takes . 
  in conclusion , keto diets work , but be careful and be sure that it 's right for you and for what you want to attain . 
  and that is literally all i meant . 
  i was n't knocking on ketogenic diets at all . 
  it 's just not for everyone . 
  in my opinion , this is just my thinking , it 's way easier to go crush a nice 2 hour session at the gym every day and lightly monitor what i 'm eating than to maintain a strict keto diet . 
  but hey that 's just me, 
  holy fuck man , media wo n't stop feasting on this man . 
  this is so annoying, 
   yatch, 
  he has really stepped up latley . 
  good for him, 
  didnt lexus have this in like 2012 ? 
  took the hardest road though, 
  kinda curious how much they cost ? 
  ahhh very humble, 
  lebron cheated through the 4th grade, 
  should count against him in off court goat debates, 
  or wade being mentored by joki\u0107 ? 
  luke babbit ? 
  think it was virtually the same . 
  best trade, 
  seems like you guys already doing that to toronto , as per tradition, 
  jesus , exchange those contracts, 
  brooklyn . 
  best team in ny, 
  dragi\u0107 sends his regards, 
  i love basketball, 
  needed to motivate you guys somehow . 
  good job , huge win, 
  honestly carrol has been such a fucming failure for them . 
  cut him loose , sign tucker and ibaka, 
  well let 's just put it this way . 
  he is . 
  time for a rebrand, 
  i know , i was just exaggerating cause he has n't panned out at all . 
  just play with one hand fuck, 
  bringing compton to scarborough, 
  more violence , less life ... ? 
  team would look alot different . 
  dragic would n't be playing as good as he is . 
  we 'd be worse, 
  fact is ... . she has an office, 
  that kids gon na be a solid late first rounder, 
  celtic fans naming their whole starting lineup as if they are nobodies smfh, 
  you really ca n't . 
  it 's against the law, 
  i got zaga and unc in the final , feeling a little sketch, 
  man i picked one up a day after release . 
  so fucking worth it , it 's dope as hell, 
  can he play with his hand mildly wrapped ? 
  honestly does n't even need to score , him just being present means so much, 
  dope , we good . 
  time to fuck the raptors, 
  literally the same laceration just 3 less stitches, 
  pj is a fucking tank, 
  luke babbit too and spoelstra, 
  people are overrating klays defense and underrating everything else demar brings to the table besides scoring . 
  he 's a pretty good facilitator , 10x better ball handler than klay , can create more for himself as well . 
  klay is a ridiculous shooter but saying his good defense puts him above demar is crazy to me , acting like he 's kawhi . 
  i think a scrub team with demar could beat a scrub team with klay . 
  just my opinion . 
  ... rather have klay on my team though : $, 
  if you like him so much why do n't you marry him, 
  heat,
