  it 's like finding a black guy at a crime scene in chicago on his phone smiling , zero fucking significance . 
  they got ta add your archetype in 2k17, 
  most teams with dominant big man right now have fuck all for talent around them . 
  how would you normally depict thunder ? 
  wednesday, 
  i guess our logo should be a geothermal reactor, 
  im saying this video has absolutely nothing to do with the pizzagate scandal, 
  wonder if he got cremated , probably has the flashiest urn in the biz, 
  think maker gon na be a bargain at 100m, 
  e : thon * just realized wow [ 7 ], 
  this has trap game written all over it, 
  #we are express tanking !, 
  talking from experience ? 
  anthony davis as well, 
  better than horford, 
  i dont care if he plays on the wing , he 's a better `` center '' than horford, 
  only way lebron was n't going back is if we beat the spurs and tried to go for 4 in a row, 
  his game will age beautifully as you said . 
  wo n't have to make too many adjustments like wade had to for example, 
  tyreke evans though, 
  what he say ? 
  lil bitch deleted it, 
  i swear it 's cause he has retarded upper body strength , that 's probably why he 's also not that deadly at the freethrow line . 
  works for whiteside ... sometimes, 
  i agree, 
  if mozgov drops more than 10 i 'll be disappointed, 
  he was 1004 years too early, 
  im sure the championship run has something to do with it, 
  clash of the titans , mozgov vs whitside, 
  safe to say i am thoroughly disappointed already, 
  best time to tank bro who cares, 
  heat vs pelicans ( i 'm a heat fan ), 
  not at all really, 
  tyler johnson is looking like our second best player next to hassan too, 
  i do n't get it it 's just girls talking on cam, 
  you guys are trying to connect unnecessary dots to this pizzagate shit . 
  based kyrie !, 
  he played great though, 
  think it would be easier to fill out a winning roster around lebron and lowry, 
  yes but you 're gon na need an above average point guard for kawhi and kd of course , just speaking hypothetically . 
  what i meant was , i believe lowry and lebron could get further with less because you already have a pure point and 3pt scorer and lebron fucking james who can literally do everything . 
  either way , both combinations are great corner stones , just my opinion . 
  you forgot us :(, 
  cause besides lebron and kd i 'm taking curry over the rest of those guys . 
  he stayed with a great organization that ended up drafting really well and forming a team and recipe for success . 
  you guys are acting like he did n't have his fair share of losing in his career , he 's 28 . 
  you need a supporting cast to be successful in the nba . 
  you think anthony davis is wishing he would play better or wishing the organization would put some actual talent around him so he can propel the team to victory ? 
  individual stats are overrated to be quite honest . 
  well that 's just fucking obvious , but you still ca n't swap out any player in the league with curry on the warriors that would make them equally as good as they were last year . 
  no player could fill curry 's role on the warriors . 
  we do n't know what curry 's stats would look like when inflated on a bad team . 
  i still believe he 's more special than the rest of the guys you mentioned . 
  luck and timing have always played a key role in success . 
  that 's why some of the greatest players the nba has ever seen do n't have rings , because of badluck or bad timing due to a better team being present . 
  huh ? 
  while i agree it 's lowry , i do n't think it 's that clear cut . 
  they do a great job of picking up each other 's slack and feed off of each other . 
  demar is a top tier shot creator and lowry a top tier floor general , and both have proven to be clutch . 
  i would n't , not at this point in their careers . 
  kawhi might be a different beast when he 's 28 . 
  good offense always trumps good defense . 
  he 's definitely got next though , but if we 're talking about how curry thrives in gs system , i think it 's fair to say that kawhi does the same . 
  why are we still throwing 3-1 shots ? 
  coming from you , we all know that all you do is jerk off . 
  not by choice though , like ac green, 
  hassan whiteside, 
  i just had a baconator for breakfast, 
  i voted trump, 
  fuck i 'd even take the french gobstopper, 
  imagine a healthy bosh of the bench for you guys ... 
  russ will be well fed tonight, 
  this tank has no brakes, 
  2013 was way better, 
  i just got him in 2k for myteam and that 's why i was asking , cause he 's pretty nice . 
  fast as fuck , dirty ass handles with a nice shot and athletic, 
  umm yeah ? 
  when you can stick wade to guard kobe or vince and ray allen , steph ca n't hold any of those guys, 
  that 's amazing for russ . 
  but this is a really fucking pointless stat ... no ? 
  i was n't saying it as a bad thing . 
  i just feel like alot of teams could categorized in that stat . 
  but to your point , yeah we had lebron for 4 years but our rosters were never really first class except for 2013 , mostly old vets . 
  9 triple doubles in 4 years is great if you ask me , russ is just onna different planet . 
  definitely 2k lol, 
  this guy salah ( literally from isis ) straight up kicked arizas baby across the court, 
  i know , but he could have went about it differently, 
  `` just wait till i climax '', 
  must have picked up some bad father habits from his own, 
  we 're not done falling apart just yet !, 
  terry og , ride or die for the set, 
  grease to his elbows, 
  goodnight yall, 
  demars clutch b, 
  i swear kobe was just a mj cloning experiment that went slightly wrong but still turned out ok, 
  cloning requires a 100 % success rate, 
  wade and jimmy , the clutch bros, 
  was n't a successful clone then . 
  i 'm sure they worked out the bugs by now, 
  okk there mr.scientist,
