  sloga, 
  we finished second at fiba in 2014 ... 
  hmmm so if there is any correlation between the two pictures , ingram will have a better career than simmons, 
  kd to serbia confirmed ? 
  what a g, 
  no emotion here . 
  explain why ross would be the best player on a pretty talented raptors squad . 
  please convince us how he could be better than demar , lowry or val , i 'm dying to hear this, 
  no he needs to quit being soft and start slashing to the rim, 
  that 's what we call it in america, 
  toronto 's peak dark age, 
  for some odd reason , i really loved garbajosa and mo pete , always wished for a trade for one of them, 
  caboclo two years away from olympic eligibility ? 
  luke walton, 
  how the hell is it no his greatest block ? 
  the one on splitter was definitely more fierce but this was on a way bigger stage against a way better team at a crucial point of the game . 
  i 'm sure lebron would throw away his two trophies with us just for one with cleveland, 
  alot of nazis from italy and germany fled to argentina as well . 
  which is why it 's common to see blonde haired people there with italian or german surname 's . 
  everyone knows about the whole `` hitler fled to argentina '' conspiracy theory , but i think that 's just a bunch of mumbo jumbo . 
  ciao is common in more than just spanish or italian, 
  us serbs say it , and our language is far from fucking romantic, 
  yeah it 's actually one of the less crazy conspiracies cause once you start digging and connect the dots things start to make sense . 
  what you just stated are cold hard facts so it makes it hard to just dismiss hitler 's case as well, 
  nooo that 's not what i meant to do at all . 
  just cause you 're german does n't mean you 're pro nazi party . 
  might have worded it wrongly, 
  but . . conspiracy , nazi moon bases , ancient aryan aliens , cross breeding experiments ... it 's all 100 % true, 
  america does n't need a next president . 
  they need a god emperor, 
  -_- gon na miss wade 's playmaking , his most underappreciated skill, 
  i was n't saying it was all nazis from ww2 , just stated that alot of high ranking officials fled there.are you saying there was no nazi/fascist party in italy ? 
  tyler fucking johnson, 
  woah what ? 
  i 'm not disagreeing with you at all , i reread my original statement and i could have structured it better, 
  i thought italy 's nazi party was the pnf , partito nazionale fascista . 
  i could be wrong , i 'm no historian, 
  ok everybody needs to read what i wrote . 
  i clearly said `` also '' , means i 'm agreeing with the original statement saying that alot of germans emigrated to argentina , what i said was just an add on because germans emigrating to argentina was n't anything new . 
  my bad , we in europe hold no specific ties with the word nazi directly to germans . 
  all it means to us is nationalist , there 's serbian nazis croatian nazis , italian , german etc. 
  holy fuck you 're right, 
  i think i 'll just stop replying now, 
  you 're right , but even despite all that , his contract is a bit of an overpay, 
  thanks, 
  it is , but that does n't stop people from judging . 
  given an appropriate amount of time i 'm sure they would have figured it out . 
  cccc, 
  that moscow money and fame is pretty good though, 
  did n't stop bill clinton in 2000, 
  you 're right, 
  cause, 
  that was n't even sarcastic, 
  you mean americanish, 
  you have to stop blaming everybody around you johnny, 
  well we were a top 5 defense last year . 
  we managed to retain all of our top defenders as well , minus deng, 
  who blocks users on reddit ? 
  demar needs more minutes, 
  that 's a dumb way of spelling dwyane, 
  kat has that bosh mid range game , really fucking polished for a rookie, 
  ... . op edited it, 
  to me demar is more than deserving of those minutes , he looks really comfortable out there, 
  soldier 10s give you +5 3pt shot, 
  they 're lit ? 
  boston would be 10x spookier with lowry , oh and he would be your best player . 
  lowry and horford would be quite the duo, 
  is world b. 
  worst top 10 ever, 
  how terrible is this game ... 
  this guy has not improved since being drafted . 
  such a shame , he 's got all the tools, 
  kd when he reaches his final form, 
  way more diverse league back then, 
  dragic at 12 , i am content, 
  but kosovo is serbia, 
  vince carter, 
  sick little tip in alley oop right after though, 
  that was cringe worthy, 
  that streetball style dribbling that kyrie displays , yeah ai did that better . 
  kyrie is pretty good at over dribbling , you 're right . 
  that does n't make him the better ball handler imo, 
  you had to, 
  i think he 's definitely the best dribbler right now . 
  i just do n't think he 's the smartest when compared to the guys you just mentioned . 
  he over does it sometimes which can be frustrating to watch at times . 
  in terms of dribbling skill ? 
  kyrie is number 1 , he perfected that art probably by watching ai and others . 
  but blm, 
  pretty accurate , especially the carmelo part, 
  i 'm not, 
  it 's been 4 years ... what did the cavs do for lebron his first 4 years ? 
  ali ima nas puno :p, 
  gold , blow out the united states of america by 33, 
  le flash -_-, 
  i 'm expecting the worst so that incase we overachieve it 's alot more enjoyable, 
  they both offer different skills , lucky to have both off the bench . 
  j-rich was recently asked how he dropped so low in the 2nd round and replied with, 
  `` lol , i climbed into the second round '', 
  what is this garbage,
