  wait you guys were heat fans back then ? 
  how the fuck do you burn away 154mil , absolutely mind boggling . 
  50k would change my life, 
  its a cruel world, 
  that 's actually really weird , my bro and i are reversed to you and yours . 
  he 's a bulls fan i 'm heat fan . 
  goat shit , little spheres of poo, 
  how ? 
  fair comparison , but rodman did more ... at a fraction of the price , 
  am i thinking too hard about what he 's saying or is it really black and white ? 
  not even close, 
  dying light, 
  im in toronto wearing my wade jersey all day , infiltrating jurassic park later on and if i get my ass beat just know i did it for you guys, 
  lets go heat, 
  its not about going back to change things , its about preventing things like this in the future . 
  i 'm pretty sure we are all well aware we ca n't time travel, 
  ok ... so there was two blown calls on the same exact play . 
  i know you do n't mind cause your team won , but somebody needs to be accountable for these blatant missed calls , and not just recognizing it . 
  as a third party viewer , i do n't see how that 's ok . 
  i 'm not disputing you at all , i just think its terrible for the game , the lack of consistency that is . 
  i think its funny that during the course of the game either team can get away with weak calls but in the final two minutes its a free for all shit show where anything goes, 
  never mind i do n't even know why i bothered . 
  these teams mean nothing to me , i think it 's a league issue and you ca n't see past my flair, 
  of course , best of luck to you and may the best team win . 
  the city of toronto deserves basketball in may, 
  i do n't care as long as porzingod is the tall blue one, 
  apparently they switched to `` an eye for an eye '' ideology, 
  this is a great shot, 
  on mickeys private jet , should be in toronto from miami in about 2 hours, 
  luckily for hassan , jv is n't the post wizard that al was , but he still has an above average post up game ,, 
  raptor fans keep saying that demar is gon na thrive cause he does n't have pg on him this series . 
  this is true , but these 5 guys taking time on demar could make it even harder on him than pg . 
  when pg was n't on the floor demar usually had his way, 
  then we 'd be brothers, 
  i 'll be at jurassic park , saving my money for an eventual game 5, 
  really ? 
  i do n't see that at all, 
  closest player to bosh would get a flagrant 2 , two days after, 
  it was before the raptors were good, 
  ca n't spell `` shit '' without drake, 
  graduated university of toronto pal ,, 
  lol ya man i 'm at jurassic park right now , let 's fight in front of our kids, 
  somebody please show them where the basket is, 
  lmao, 
  great d by the torrano beisbol birds, 
  you 're a fucking moron, 
  we have our own terrence ross , goes by the name of gerald green, 
  hmmm i 'm sure a couple are up for debate , jokic , vucevic, 
  val is lithuanian ... would n't consider them slavic , ex ussr though, 
  we do n't really want him doing anything except dunk on fastbreaks, 
  we were slaves to the turks for 500 years though, 
  we love you gerald, 
  is space jam 2 already being filmed on set somewhere ? 
  lol your team should be up 20 right now, 
  11 for us, 
  it was a foul , easiest call in the league to make right there, 
  lol i 'm watching basketball , you 're just a blind heat homer, 
  lol could you imagine shaqs career with this genius logic ? 
  nothing new, 
  easily, 
  bank of montreal, 
  started 1-8, 
  link, 
  yeah man i 'm . loving this battle, 
  mint, 
  wait what ? 
  me fuxking neither fuck, 
  no way that 's a thing, 
  best shot blocking guard in nba history, 
  i know ... its bad , but wait till they win ,, 
  demar missed some clutch freethrows too, 
  he does n't need to scare me like that, 
  put em to the sword boys !, 
  fuck no he 's been great , that 's what he does, 
  wait buzzer beaters do n't count as 4 ? 
  wade is a god, 
  specify, 
  pointless ot , waste of time , could have been icing wades knees this while time, 
  casey killing us with this inbound defense, 
  i just wan na go home :(, 
  man but its hard , you guys came so far with this team and core over the last 5 years , and consistently getting better the past 3 . 
  i would n't have a clue what to do if i were in his shoes, 
  we actually played terrible , tons of turnovers but we hit 3 pointers , completely abnormal for this team . 
  i do n't know wtf we just witnessed but i 'm glad its over , on to the next . 
  he is . 
  he 's just not tall , but makes up for lost height with insane reach, 
  bring me his head, 
  who 's complaining ? 
  `` relax guys i 've been a raptor before , they have no clue what they 're doing '', 
  yeah he takes mickey arisons private jet , better cabin pressure, 
  not on the stat sheet, 
  he should be toronto 's primary offensive option, 
  terrence ross has a game like last night once every two weeks . 
  by calling carroll a scrub i can tell you do n't know jack about this raptors squad . 
  wo n't leave till he hits one, 
  it should not take 4 minutes to review a blatant out of bounds call on wade, 
  dear god , i 'm so thankful for our organization . 
  let 's put these guys out of their misery, 
  not really , wade has looked better this year than his final year with lebron . 
  they really needed each other , i think when it 's all said and done its gon na be viewed as a joint success operation .
