  human fucking beehives really, 
  yeah apparently, 
  i wish man, 
  it was looking like justise was gon na win this matchup . 
  then 4th quarter came and kawhi was like '' i 'm kawhi leonard bitch '', 
  shout out to this guy last night, 
  look at this way . 
  with every loss you 're making alot of other people really happy , so stop being so selfish, 
  have n't checked yet , he 's already a 95, 
  straight up, 
  makes sense, 
  first week power rankings ... sure it 'll change, 
  you 're right . 
  the times he does n't get it they just leave it blank, 
  well that 's an entirely different conversation than player of the week awards . 
  exactly how i pictured it . 
  god, 
  2k9 bro so fucking fun with friends, 
  dirty, 
  still have the nokia i see, 
  obsolete, 
  nobody picked him up ? 
  like damn i would n't mind starting him over luke babbit or derrick williams, 
  til rudy gay has tattoos, 
  we molded hassan , we tried gerald green , we got waiters ... bring on josh smith, 
  dwyane wade turning chicago 's medical staff around single handedly, 
  kobe worked with demar in the summer too, 
  casey with the secrit plays at the end there, 
  kings playing hack-a-hawk, 
  just trying to trade some nostalgia for karma, 
  yeah same here . 
  capture the flag was sweet, 
  oh yaaa , i had it for gamecube . 
  that 's it , i wan na wreck him in 21 . 
  tired of his shit, 
  justise winslow, 
  i do n't think so , though i did have it on game cube, 
  god can we just fast forward to june already please . 
  i wan na see more funny cookies and decorations and salty press conferences . 
  perfect, 
  in that case , funny cupcakes, 
  everyone 's bitching about the last one but that one was a clear offensive foul, 
  not really it was n't . 
  go look at it again, 
  this is a offensive foul , what are you guys bitching about ? 
  whiteside would n't be pushing , he would be jumping for the block if he was n't being held and brought into cousins by cousins himself . 
  typical bozo cousins foul , you should be used to this shit by now, 
  ok ... and if boogie was n't holding his arm down he probably would 've gotten the call . 
  bozo play, 
  that makes zero sense , if whiteside pushed first he would n't be in a position to be held down by him . 
  i agree this is controversial as fuck but i seriously see it as dumb fucking play by cousins, 
  holding his waist with his his waist ? 
  heat announcers discussed it alot better . 
  they even thought it was a bogus call untill they saw the replay, 
  just tell me where whitesides arms are as soon as boogie makes his move with his left arm . 
  whose arm goes into who first . 
  clear as day, 
  you can , but you 'll get called for a foul . 
  cause it 's a foul, 
  til hassan has no arms, 
  yes !, 
  broken glass is best glass !, 
  member when wall and beal thought they were the best backcourt in the east, 
  they went to 7 games , not really demolished . 
  plus it was really paul pierce that buried them, 
  e : my bad it was a sweep . 
  i 'm dumb , mixed up with brooklyn, 
  he kind of is taking a slim shady approach to this season . 
  this guy does n't believe in russ !, 
  `` demar peaked he ca n't get any better '' the narrative this off season . 
  demar is sick as hell, 
  warriors already looking for comfort in moral victories, 
  and he 's a cop himself, 
  loss *, 
  gold 's overrated . 
  loser gives winner a bj, 
  damn he 's much shorter in real life, 
  took hassan alot longer than that to grow up, 
  yeah i guess you 're right . 
  andre needs to act right, 
  my dicks gon na be on the table , take it or leave it, 
  then get 3 more bigs afterwards . 
  then get 3 more bigs after wards . 
  then his debut against the kings shattered any existing concerns, 
  not at all . 
  he was n't scrutinized at all up untill he started coming up short in the finals . 
  it was always a question of `` when '' not `` if '' he will succeed, 
  birth of a meme, 
  \u3064 \u25d5 _ \u25d5 \u3064 give me energy so i can stay up for this game !, 
  do n't get soft on me now, 
  warriors should trade kd for like 4 tier 2 players, 
  even though he 's playing us tonight , i hope he keeps it up cause i love this guy, 
  edit : fuck u/long _ shot_max, 
  yay, 
  i thought hakim warrick was gon na be the next amare ... 
  where 's he hiding nowadays, 
  i disagree . 
  you can be critical towards a player and dislike him but he was doing it in a very douchey way . 
  so at the point you 're just asking to get dvd in a post that 's praising a certain player . 
  i like perdle,
