  i see he 's been pretty decent for you guys as of late, 
  i do n't wan na play you guys at all ... what can we do to completely avoid each other ? 
  he 's not, 
  he 's a torontonian, 
  all day, 
  he 's a good coach , but thats usually the narrative, 
  forever young, 
  why ... ? 
  lol wtf there 's too much shit going on, 
  cavs fans think highly of ecf banners , i can see why he 's being so sensitive, 
  to each his own, 
  what a god, 
  if you 're a bigger dude like me , you 'll never be able to find one that simple fits properly . 
  some of them look nice but just fit weirdly, 
  xxl will be good for anything from ali express , just research the seller carefully and check customer comments and reviews, 
  cheer up , i was down last year about us not making it . 
  turned out to be a blessing in disguise, 
  let 's see the cavs win a game without lebron first, 
  edit : hahaha 1-4 this season and 4-14 since his return , trash team, 
  wade 's casa is lebrons casa, 
  players are welcome but keep that fo far away ,, 
  that 's the spirit, 
  thank god, 
  also that rudy gay experiment did n't quite pan out, 
  perhaps, 
  yeah i was a fan of that trade , that was masai coming in and completely taking over . 
  immediately got rid of rudy and bargs , and got a great return, 
  82 mil coming off the bench hahaha and yall cant win a game without lebron, 
  the bargnani hype was real , similar to darko . 
  i do n't knock colangelo for drafting him , it 's easy in hindsight . 
  to me it 's more what he did after drafting bargs , not being able to properly build around bosh and hiring sub par coaches in sam mitchel and jay triano . 
  ya ... abit further southeast, 
  i do n't think he 's at the china stage just yet, 
  jokes aside , besides me obviously wanting him in miami , i think his best chance at winning would be going to toronto with that squad , that would be a perfect fit for him alongside lowry , demar and caboclo . 
  i disagree . 
  bosh proved to be more than a capable cornerstone piece and almost single handedly brought them to the playoffs , i ca n't recall what year , but he dropped 40 numerous times and was a straight up beast even while being undersized he would bang down low . 
  his game changed alot since coming to miami , dreads bosh is best bosh . 
  let 's be real , anthony parker , jorge garbajosa , jamario moon are all fan favorites but replace those guys some other talent and you 're looking at a totally different team . 
  in all fairness though , toronto was n't that much of an attraction for free agents during those times as it is today . 
  welcome home, 
  cause dwight was good , and he was that type of superstar . 
  plus svg built a perfect team around him, 
  that 's just absurd , i never understood the pride people take in college sports . 
  i do n't believe it for a second, 
  took about 14 minutes, 
  our fo never lets us down over here, 
  that would be the most spurs fucking thing to do , after the whole season of nothing but warrior talk , they end up # 1, 
  most likely probably not at all not, 
  lost balance and they fell over together , was n't anything malicious . 
  should n't have been . 
  lost balance and they fell over together , nothing malicious, 
  e : i was wrong, 
  i 'm confused, 
  yeah ... they are absolutely terrible without him, 
  josh, 
  i borrowed it for a min, 
  my fave, 
  shooting is all practice , this off seasons that 's clearly gon na be his main focus . 
  everyone is comparing him to kawhi or paul george , but those two guys had decent jumpers to start off with . 
  a good example in my opinion , not in terms of play style but shot progression , is demar derozan . 
  he could n't hit a mid range jumper if his life depended on it , let alone the three ball . 
  look how far he has come just by being persistent on working on his weaknesses . 
  you 're a positive modifier, 
  always , as in once last year . 
  raptors are serious and i 'm sure they love and feed off people that are already counting them out, 
  if you find out let me know , cause that 's clean af, 
  dirty . 
  cheap too , i think i 'm gon na pick up the # 8 one , thanks man good find, 
  you are right . 
  but having watched both of them , winslow 's looks far more broken, 
  lol i ca n't wait for the raptors to shit on everyone they play in the playoffs so we can put these dumbass jokes aside , so annoying . this team got progressively better over the last 4 years, 
  meh , cavs are far from unstoppable . 
  one of us are more than capable of taking them to 7 , but yeah ... playoff lebron ... that guy ... he 's good . 
  nahh cp3 and blake for irving and love straight up, 
  that foul on born ready, 
  lol, 
  yeah ? 
  okay , loved that year, 
  fuck the cavs, 
  get another 80/million dollar player to come off the bench, 
  sunday morning basketball [ 7 ], 
  hell no , roy was so pure offensively . 
  kobe even said it himself , he sees no flaws in his game . 
  shame for his knees , probably the biggest `` what if '' player of the modern era, 
  honestly if you 're not dual screening by now , tv/pc or tv/tablet , you played yourself, 
  in that case we all played ourselves, 
  meanwhile you 're low-key praying he signs with the lakers , that 's pathetic, 
  which is why he changed his mind about dallas, 
  he wants us to do all the hard work, 
  lol whiteside coming off the bench has nothing to do with lack of production or mistrust from the organization . 
  it 's spo 's strategy that 's all , he plays starter minutes either way , add him on snapchat and tell me he does n't like it here , the only team that ever gave him a chance . 
  only 40mil/4years nbd, 
  how you gon na trade bismack ? 
  lol he scared, 
  in serbian it 's actually more like, 
  pedge-ah , no `` ayy '' sound, 
  it would benefit me for hawks to lose , but i want yall to get the first seed cause fuck the cavs , so go hawks, 
  fuck these sites and their bait clicking, 
  houston ai n't even making playoffs though ... 
  that 's not really an easy task for this squad,
