  i was looking at it wrong , i see it now, 
  nothing beats watching lebron bust out the ky against you guys in the finals, 
  must have missed the entire 2017 playoffs , my bad, 
  no 2peat though . 
  give me kobe to the grave , with balls that big who needs little steph curry, 
  oh the recency bias is strong with this one, 
  you can put kobe on the other teams best player , ca n't with curry . 
  kobe would n't shrivel up like my uncircumcised dick in a game 7, 
  numbers tend not to tell the whole story . 
  ca n't teach or document some of the things kobe brings to the table . 
  ca n't even believe we 're comparing a 5x champ to a 1x champ , last year was his peak , doubt he can sustain that level of play . 
  of course this picture will be alot more clear once steph hangs it up, 
  meh i like flashy dunks more than long range bombs, 
  i died, 
  aa things stand today you guys have n't won a single game with kd, 
  fake, 
  that should n't even be a question , it 's pretty obvious he 's a pop queen, 
  but not tito :'(, 
  daters gon na date , masters gon na bate, 
  i love tj ... but hate that contract, 
  lmao . . no, 
  not enough magnitude, 
  for sure , he fits this criteria perfectly, 
  i think the kobe being clutch narrative comes from his willingness to take the last shot not matter what and no matter who else is on his team . 
  lebrons choking narrative comes from his tendency to defer to teammates often in clutch situations . 
  now a closer look at the numbers you provided kills the lebron narrative but feeds the kobe one . 
  i 'll take lebron and live with the results . 
  looks just like him, 
  nothing to do with him being asian , they just look like twins, 
  do these two nations have any history between them ? 
  do these two nations have any history between them ? 
  oh really ? 
  we 're 1/10 !, 
  looking good boys -_-, 
  we 're exactly the same lol , different religious views but same fucking culture language appearance everything, 
  i love how this aussie announcer says serbia , turns me on, 
  first row sports bro, 
  that was huge, 
  cccc !, 
  feels like they 're playing every possession like it 's their last ... both teams, 
  oh my fuck this game is fuckin dick nuts, 
  can you blame the guy, 
  see you in the finals for that one too , 
  bgodan, 
  somewhere near mordor, 
  samo, 
  but he 's orthodox christian, 
  maaaaaaaan howwwwwww, 
  need to hang on to this little fucking lead , just eat the clock, 
  crobe bringing the hurricane from 95, 
  i forgot why i hate basketball, 
  ass clenching on 100 right now, 
  let 's not , people got ta work, 
  cccc, 
  cause almost every player 1-5 can shoot ? 
  it makes sense . 
  better than watching deandre throw up washing machines at the rim, 
  how definitely though ? 
  serbia played us alot closer than aus, 
  get that garbage outta here, 
  ... different style of play , different strategy . 
  same fucking sport , still `` real '' basketball . 
  we did a good job tanking the group stages to set this match up, 
  that game did n't mean shit , losing it only helped, 
  if that 's what you saw on display during the course of this game then so be it . 
  i can not argue with those statistics you pulled out of your ass cause it 's simply not true , it was an exciting game for me and i enjoyed it . 
  sucks you did n't . 
  `` stand right there next to brandon knight '', 
  lmaooo super fucking similar !, 
  saric is the one getting yammed on . 
  the manly motherfucker is the great wall of serbia , miroslav raduljica, 
  got ta take care of the italians , here 's hoping !, 
  no way ... 
  bet your ass he did, 
  to the guillotine, 
  jamario moon was like a 30 something year old rookie, 
  i mean , game 3 there is flood you win game 4 no flood you lose, 
  ohh , yeah there 's 82 games in a season and all 30 teams are trying to win as many as impossible, 
  i really do n't know what he wants from me , i 'm trying to explain something to him, 
  warriors blew a 3-1 lead in the finals , fucked up man, 
  2k10-11 beast, 
  tyrone wade sounds nice, 
  31-9-11 is a reach i agree . 
  but something along the lines of 27-7-8 is more appropriate if he can stay healthy . 
  he 's had some ridiculous stretches on his own in the past so i think thats why people are expecting so much, 
  * literally * it 's not, 
  dragan bender, 
  cccc, 
  this is srbija !, 
  put braduljica at point, 
  turns me the fuck on though, 
  markovic has the `` serbian generic 4 '' haircut , we all had that at some point, 
  but australia is better cause they beat us in group stage, 
  should try shooting better, 
  thanks brother , i really do n't know what happened with you guys , this is the problem with one game eliminations, 
  reject, 
  they do n't give bronze to 4th place though, 
  a team going for gold in the olympics, 
  tomorrow we take care of the americans in basketball, 
  assuurrrr the great !!!,
