  drazen did n't really get injured . . 
  chris bosh, 
  dnp - dead, 
  god damn bro . . 
  thanks , price does n't quite matter , more about reliability and user friendliness . 
  just wan na stream major league sports , some news channels and an occasional movie . 
  pretty basic needs, 
  what 's the point of having one of these then ? 
  `` i did n't fall to the second round , i climbed up to it '', 
  josh richardson 2016, 
  i asked the google, 
  jesus fuck , fine ok . that pellar herbalist was suppose to have it but he does n't, 
  lol kill me , i had the formula this whole time , sorry for wasting your time, 
  same here man honestly, 
  he signed for 98mil ... 
  that 's alotta tpns, 
  yeah i 'm pissed you do n't get to kill her or at least see her die, 
  grandmaster wolven , black dye, 
  it 's just so good lol , i 'm so glad i got it early on in bw so i can play through main quest with it, 
  it sold out, 
  this is key in this game . . -_-, 
  bryan drafted/brought in most of your core guys as well no ? 
  masai did a great job of cleaning up the mess and glueing in the extra necessary pieces, 
  wait what ... [ 7 ], 
  pick up every beauclair steel sword you can when fighting bandits , you 'll farm so many of them then sell them to grandmaster guy cause he 's loaded, 
  she 's like 5 ' 6, 
  lebron is probably the biggest genius of the bunch, 
  praying that expansion team takes ross ? 
  yeah , he might have surpassed them, 
  ebay is alot better than aliexpress in terms of quality . 
  just got ta read the seller reviews , i once was n't quite pleased with a jersey and the seller refunded me and let me keep the jersey , good luck with that on ali, 
  i want demar again, 
  wow add these to the top 5 nicest shampionchip rings asap . 
  there was a post not too long ago with all the rings, 
  everything but rule 4, 
  where is that ? 
  i want his head, 
  dwyane wade for tyler johnson, 
  we stay behind the curtains , just the way pat likes it, 
  sorry pat , * franchise * players do not tend to come and go . 
  not even fucking close, 
  no they do n't really grow on trees . 
  what 's your argument here seriously ? 
  miami is wade 's home . 
  where do you honestly think he 'll be primarily when he retires ? 
  what ... do we know each other ? 
  my understanding of the phrase `` things come and go '' was associated with things in abundance and not rarities . 
  maybe i misinterpreted the quote, 
  yeah let 's call players for what they are and label them `` tony allened '' after one year in the league . 
  his offense needs major work that 's no secret , let a couple of years go by before you put that label on him though . 
  oh i 'm the most nervous, 
  this is why i play big , no need for me to dribble i just cut and my teamate hits me in the paint for easy buckets, 
  i 'm gon na spend like ,200 $ right away on vc, 
  murphy 's law, 
  basketball gods, 
  month maximum really, 
  how are people coming to all these conclusions after only playing the prelude, 
  nice , we got d wade in this world, 
  i 'm finding it impossible to spin off of my guy while in the post . 
  he kind of just dips his shoulder and runs right into the guy guarding me . 
  you 're right though , post play either seem broken or very difficult , only more practice will tell in the full version . 
  lol at the guy screaming `` ajde \u0111ubre napolje pi\u010dka ti materina ! '', 
  you seriously do n't know ? 
  it 's only the most common language in the world, 
  ahhh my personal fave, 
  seriously , the best 2ks were the ones that just had a simple career mode . 
  one draft combine game and then draft day and nothing but season games and playoffs from there on out . 
  yeah going to the d league was actually very cool . 
  they should bring that back, 
  there 's no way you took me seriously ... . 
  perfect candidate, 
  paul george on the clippers, 
  just to shoot 3s all day, 
  its about more than just looks at that point . 
  ca n't settle down with blow up doll instagram models , that 's no mom/wife type . 
  hope he drops 50 on us, 
  i have to say witcher 3 . 
  thanks man < 3, 
  your myplayer might end up looking like your mom, 
  sucks to be that guy, 
  forgot to add , if i max out my wingspan how much more would it increase my max rebound ? 
  do n't care much for shooting cause it 's clearly gon na be in the 70s with the stretch big archetype, 
  yeah exactly what i mean . 
  give yourself some extra height too just to increase your rebound . 
  i went with 6 `` 10\u00a0235-240 and his shooting is still ridiculously high , but his rebounding is maxed at 72 and dunking is at like 60 ... just terrible . 
  learn from my mistakes and make your player carefully cause i think i 'm gon na make a new one with the full game . 
  super soft everywhere else though , as a stretch big i only need around 70 shooting not 90 + lol . 
  this is the problem with this year 's stretch build . 
  dunking , rebounding , defending is all way below average, 
  my pf in 16 was 6 `` 10 . 
  240 and looked skinny as fuck . 
  same build in 17 and he looks alot thicker . 
  i do n't think there is a way around it . 
  sold it but left it in his hotel room ? 
  how dumb are you ? 
  but he 's not, 
  probably not, 
  what do you mean though ? 
  like getting bumped to all-star right off the bat ? 
  i do n't think they 'll hand out that big of a bonus to returning players,
