  there are various types of formalities in every major league sport , high kicking in the nba ? 
  come on man , most players know better, 
  okc closes this out on saturday, 
  bosh can simply do more, 
  teach me physics, 
  of course they 're not out , i 'd put my money on okc though , given the circumstances, 
  you must be the 17th person that 's said this, 
  tell that to the dummies that keep bringing up that video of him doing it in the past , basically saying that it clears him of any maliciousness, 
  redditors were n't the only ones that felt he should have been suspended ... there 's clearly two sides to this , classic case of agree to disagree, 
  to be honest i 'm quite surprised my comment made it to the top , it was nothing but pure conspiracy from my end lol, 
  val beasted that board though, 
  put them to the test , dispose the worthless , breed the worthy, 
  soft, 
  yeah basically said you 're the antichrist, 
  lets go raptors, 
  is drake getting one of those ecf hats ? 
  ya i 'm . pissed the fucking skating network ( tsn ) gives us a tristan thompson interview while lebron ks praising toronto on tnt, 
  pls no ... we do n't need him at all, 
  lol exactly, 
  ... yeah that needs to change, 
  i agree , but demar is a 100 % max player . 
  i think the heat are focusing on retaining players like whiteside and deng and taking care of wade before they even think about bringing another star in, 
  terrible fit for toronto imo , faried ca n't stretch the floor . 
  they could really use a ryan anderson type, 
  just an ad ... for the skating network, 
  rebounds guys rebounds , that 's how okc wins, 
  dray looks like he 's 6 ' 4 when he shoots, 
  people forget they have jobs with concise instructions, 
  how many souls does westbrook eat tonight ? 
  ummmm kd ? 
  i do n't know if i 'd use one hand or two ... that 's my dilemma with half court shots, 
  easy there pal, 
  why does n't dray kick his leg out on free throws ? 
  nothing more annoying than giving up offensive rebounds, 
  ooommmggggg, 
  does that work ? 
  the iq levels of these refs sometimes i swear, 
  it 's wwe bro, 
  close your fucking mouth swine, 
  lol so annoying, 
  he 's best brro, 
  klay carrying curry like forest did lt.dan, 
  first team eh ... 
  i 've been saying it all year , klay would compete for the scoring title if he had the usage rate of a number one option, 
  curry 's mom is hotter than his wife, 
  ball should be in westbrook 's hands, 
  wow man just wow, 
  full team choke, 
  what a pathetic final minute by chokelahoma, 
  kinda ? 
  no way , it wo n't even be close , durant will never be scrutinized the way lebron was, 
  lol it would actually be perfect, 
  who 's are our `` good '' point guards ? 
  yeah he played alot and proved himself, 
  i really do n't think so ... lebron meant much more to cleveland than durant ever will to okc , therefore it was alot more personal . 
  lebron also never had a sidekick quite like russ in cleveland . 
  his whole beef was with the fo not being able to surround his team 's with the necessary talent . 
  kd and russ have been going at it together for quite some time now and if they dont manage to win it all this year a change of scenario might be worth it ... might now , who knows . 
  it 's just hard to picture a better constructed team for kd than his current team right now , unless he does something crazy like join the spurs ... or gsw, 
  i ca n't imagine how embarrassed all the gsw players are when they go out for dinner and the whole restaurant can hear dray chewing, 
  though wade would be higher , or i 'm dumb and ca n't read this graph, 
  tune in radio , app for your phone , usually has an nba broadcast, 
  how about we sign bismack and you guys sign whiteside and then immediately trade straight up for them ? 
  ( heat fan ), 
  clotless bosh, 
  d wade syndrome, 
  downvote me to hell but i rather have klay on my team than harden, 
  your edit answers your own question, 
  ohh i did n't know any of that , that 's ridiculous lol, 
  that 's exactly where i 'm coming from , plus i 'm almost 100 % certain if klay was a number 1 option on a team like harden , he would be in that 27ppg + category, 
  westbrook and durant vs lowry and derozan, 
  he is . 
  lebron is a megastar, 
  what if i told you being a multi millionaire in miami is a little better than anywhere else regardless of cost of living, 
  yeah cause lebron is so selfish, 
  as soon as these guys get paid most of them would forget everything about that class . 
  if they blow millions of dollars and end up broke it 's nobodies fault but their own . 
  plenty of athletes have proven to be more than capable of keeping their finances in check , you hire people to help you with that . 
  you never watched lebron and wade play when they were together have you ? 
  yeah i guess , and even with that unfortunate event timmy ai n't broke lol . 
  straight outta his ass, 
  game seven nba finals !, 
  d waders, 
  like what is the point of even commenting, 
  my tissue would be around lower waist level, 
  kanter you sexy turk, 
  dion rondo, 
  start of second quarter , 4.9 k comments , beaast thread, 
  kanter boy, 
  yes we kan, 
  it 's like that terrible shot from.westbrook suddenly changed everything, 
  it 's not even 7pm ... pure day, 
  lol dray, 
  you see his body twist !, 
  what a beautiful form to look at, 
  i am so baked, 
  this axe commercial is mint, 
  their magic does n't seem to run out though ... so you basically throw out all the fundamentals, 
  okc ate playing like they 're down 30 ... 
  blow it up,
