  i trust him, 
  they also compare lebron to jordan, 
  honestly this point is completely valid . 
  to call him a `` bad shooter '' is disrespectful . 
  his mid range game is lethal !, 
  iirc that 's still shooting . 
  it 's james posey, 
  i 'm still very sad about this ... i think the raptors lost a lot in him . 
  i do n't know who 's gon na fill that void this year, 
  call me bias but the heat are going back to the finals this year, 
  so true , his arms make up for lost height, 
  guess he called saul goodman, 
  please come to toronto, 
  please do n't revive anything . 
  rather , try to recreate . 
  man people can talk smack about the lakers , but this squad has some great character already , definitely not as dull and boring as last year . 
  i hope they have a successful season, 
  makes sense man thanks !, 
  yeah man i 'm gon na refrain from describing the mental images you 've achieved to bless me with, 
  if it fits ... 
  heard he 's working with tim grover to keep them knees in check, 
  being a croat . . he would most definitely take offence to that . 
  they 're not too fond of the goat peja, 
  oh you 're right about that, 
  thank you . 
  that 's what i was looking for, 
  it 's okay , you did good ... you did good . 
  with kyrie out , who can steal it from him besides wall ? 
  dijon mustaiters, 
  hey that was n't your choice to make, 
  i say it in a game of thronsey way, 
  right ? 
  i think he 's gon na be utilized way more offensively, 
  man i hope dragi\u0107 kills it and gets on the all star team , that guy deserves the shit out of it, 
  they 're saving jj for the playoffs so he ca n't play at all then ... if that makes sense, 
  that 's got ta be the saddest shit ever . 
  it 's scary to think how much that will fuel him and motivate him to push his body and talent to the fricking limit and tear up the whole damn league . 
  he 's barely scratched the surface imo . 
  smh , i never understood people that ruin steaks with high sugar content sauces, 
  lol these guys ... 
  bosh is doing bosh things and looks hungrier than ever , ca n't wait for this season !, 
  if tt gets 30 rebounds coming off the bench , give him that max by all means and piss in my mouth, 
  my god ... these espn rankings are quite comical, 
  if that 's the case then why the fuck is wade 46th ? 
  still does n't make him a candidate to pull down 30 + rebounds in a single night . 
  which is why you 're getting downvoted, 
  right i understand that , but wade is such a cerebral player . 
  he brings so much more to the table that does n't show up on the stat sheet , and even if we are looking at his stat sheet , it 's hard to name 10 guards that produced better numbers than him last year . 
  i 'll take klay harden and butler . 
  rest of those guys you named are point guards and hayward is a small forward no ? 
  a lot of people on here say they would take demar and oladipo over wade , i think that 's crazy but then again i 'm probably just bias because nobody could fill wades shoes in miami , he would probably be less useful on any other team though ... 
  but i love him :'(, 
  lol well duhhhh if he played that much sure . 
  pretty weak argument though that 's all i 'm saying, 
  lebrons former team, 
  heat knock out cavs in ecf in a spectacular game seven finish, 
  i guess i clicked on r/nosleep, 
  yes . 
  but i have to wake up in two hours and still have n't slept so this makes me very sad, 
  this is what lego was all about to me ... 
  then smelli ... ahhhh nevermind im probably the only one, 
  oh god chris hansen !, 
  * guitar noises *, 
  man i was waiting for somebody to say this . 
  such a sad and intense song playing as well . 
  that was just a great revenge story . 
  why do i know this ... but ca n't remember from what, 
  edit : nvm , this is why i failed grade 11 english 3 times . 
  `` baby blue - badfinger '' fit this scene ever so perfectly . 
  fully agree that it could not have ended any better, 
  zeus ' cock, 
  dude i know ... gross, 
  how are you alive, 
  hope you saved it for last, 
  * monsanto *, 
  would be cool if they had like a 3 meter radius , so it can charge while you 're laying in bed using it for example, 
  green baby !, 
  notice how all the sleeved jerseys look very generic with lots of blank space ? 
  my conspiracy theory is that that blank space will be used for ads and sponsors much like in soccer , these are basically experimenting years . 
  i 'll take teo over calderon, 
  well then ... guess i 'm out of the loop, 
  harvey 's, 
  what a guy, 
  all i see is a sexy dad bod, 
  just your regular oil marinate , throw in whatever spices you like . 
  used half a bottle of beer and let it cook for over an hour . 
  took out the chicken and let potatoes cook for a little while longer . 
  at first i did n't know what to make of this title , but then it was clear to me , this is just a basketball post, 
  what a generic answer, 
  ... actually ? 
  * they * needent know anything, 
  i always thought his machine read his thoughts and somehow manifested them vocally ... but i had my doubts, 
  so hard to fathom all this considering everything is moving really fast in like a cyclone/spiral, 
  yeah but cricket is gay, 
  reading this as i 'm eating a bowl of cereal at 3am , fuck my life, 
  i cooked them longer so they were soft but not complete mush, 
  well yeah it all cooked together so there 's just a cluster-fuck of flavour throughout, 
  yes when you 're preparing it , if it seems too watery for you do n't worry , since it cooks for so long a lot of it will evaporate an the stuff that gets left makes an awesome gravy !, 
  thank u ( :, 
  does anyone actually think celtics can win the atlantic ... ?
