  i learned in middle school to never start a new sentence with `` but '' . 
  `` on deck '' in baseball terms , next up to bat . 
  he 's just saying they are the next great generational players set to retire . 
  porzingod works the best imo, 
  you did help , brian . 
  no , he 's our saviour , do you have a minute to talk about him ? 
  ... did you even try to fix boshs clots ? 
  i 'm gon na guess no, 
  let 's not please, 
  your welcome, 
  they get the chair, 
  lmao holy nostalgia bomb , thanks for this, 
  andrew fucking bynum , not sure if he got maxed but he got a big pay day and it all went downhill from there . 
  hes also an idiot though , whiteside looks like he takes pride in bullying people on the court and wants to win, 
  we shapes . 
  we assume, 
  that mean mug . 
  wet, 
  he 's not the first , but it 's not really the common narrative . 
  i think it 's slowly changing though aa lebrons career progresses . 
  what i do agree with what he said was his point about the eastern conference , it really has been a right off solely due to lebron . 
  2k9 was so sick , you could just pass a controller around and have 4 of your buddies take turns , had so many awesome dunk contest tourneys . 
  with that one announcer guy ... forget his name, 
  plenty of interesting story lines this year . 
  so salty not putting miami in the `` unpredictable '' . 
  yeah on paper we lost alot and our offense is gon na be atrocious , but i 'm willing to bet we surprise alot of people and actually end up overachieving, 
  now they need to bring back those `` first stint lebron '' jerseys , at least as alternates, 
  really wish wade got one in 09 , but lebron deserved it just as much, 
  i mean ... he put up mvp type numbers , just did n't translate to team success, 
  not only that , lebron always carried his cavaliers to greater success alone than wade could his heat team . 
  when they teamed up , of course wade got over shadowed, 
  lawyers are expensive :(, 
  i do n't believe this . 
  pair him with a veteran star on a different team with a good coach and i think that narrative quickly dies, 
  but imagine him as a second option ? 
  there is nothing wrong with that, 
  it 's obvious pat riley gave him blood clots on purpose, 
  wait a second , you 're saying pat should let him play with clots ? 
  pat runs the team , it 's his fucking job to let people know chris wo n't be on the team anymore . 
  hes done a good job of keeping everything quiet up untill that statement that was needed to be made . 
  it was actually a sigh of relief hearing pat and the heat finally speak on the issue after being hush hush about it all summer . 
  i 'll play with you . 
  but let 's make it more interesting , we play with 6 bullets instead of one . 
  its like ... the second ... audio . . 
  for derrick and his trains, 
  no man , just play the second audio, 
  title should be `` 6 serbs playing ball in darkos backyard '', 
  lol at the slow motion dunks, 
  such a perfect fit, 
  so why would wade leave that money on the table if he knew ? 
  all of this is gon na die when every other team he looks to does n't clear him . 
  it sucks now , but he is being a little delusional . 
  whiteside, 
  how long till kd joins cr7 in real madrid, 
  high expectations for perdle no ? 
  do n't know how you came to that conclusion , after one preseason game . 
  he 's got some talent to go along with being a 7 footer, 
  that makes him dumb, 
  you can call it weird , but it 's a great attitude towards life . 
  i agree with him, 
  this is getting ridiculous, 
  he 's a guard . 
  this is n't some new phenomenon . 
  wade played pg for the heat early on in his career aswell , he 's still a sg, 
  what would our past titles mean to blake ? 
  the three guys most responsible for those titles are gone, 
  the fuck do the fans have to do with basketball relations ? 
  he 's been doing this for a while now, 
  sweet mates < 3, 
  ledope james, 
  i hate your voice, 
  roy hibbert man, 
  that 's not why he stopped producing . 
  his skills literally disappeared overnight, 
  lebron is always the front runner . 
  honestly , no matter what kind of stats a player puts up , nobody does more on the court for his team than lebron james . 
  you 're trippin, 
  very nice beaches and night life, 
  lebron , supreme leader, 
  * nuclear * * weapons *, 
  i do n't know though , drake turned towards the raptors once they started making noise . 
  i think they worked up their own reputation through team success , drake saw an opportunity to market his ovo brand through them . 
  it was really perfect timing for both parties . 
  not a fan of him at all but it was a genius business decision . 
  are you sure . . ? 
  yeah you 're right , coincidentally he got the ambassador gig the year the raptors became good . 
  september 30th 2013, 
  he mad, 
  maybe colangelo wo n't clear him so he can place him on medical insurance and have his salary come off the books . 
  last thing we wan na see is a death on the court anyways, 
  read his answer again . 
  slowly . 
  this is some fucked up shit, 
  that would be amazing , but the palace holds history, 
  basically, 
  i guess we 'll see what whitesides first option ceiling is . 
  willing to bet nowhere near boshs, 
  oh how i 'll miss wade 's lobs, 
  is that a dead pixel on my screen ? 
  anybody else have an imaginary `` shit post voice '' in their heads when reading a shit post ?
