  it 's normally 40hrs a week but we 're retarded busy so we can work as much as we want basically . 
  overtime is nice and all but it 's been like 4 months of 65 + hour weeks ... ca n't wait for vacation, 
  world wins, 
  seriously . 
  our job here is done . 
  i was in the same dilemma . 
  was going around places hoping they would tell me they 're sold out . 
  everytime a store told me they did n't have them i got happy and then sad ... 
  damn great idea . 
  i can actually buy the charger , but not the switch cause it 's sold out :(, 
  definitely, 
  do they have units or something !, 
  like 75 % of the league ? 
  the getting into the playoffs job . 
  something you guys thought were doing this year and we thought we had no chance . 
  salty charlotte fans . 
  so much hype this year , so much disappointment, 
  fyi you ca n't use the term `` tanking '' to cover up an unsuccessful season . 
  cavs fans are really just mad that we ca n't be at the bottom of the barrel for 4 years in a row after lebron leaving . 
  he did , 3 years ago, 
  not 4 top 5 picks in 4 years trash we 're not, 
  at the start of the season , it 's all about `` man we 're gon na be so good this year i ca n't wait ! '', 
  then march rolls around and you see fans use the term `` tanking '' to cover up an unsuccessful season . 
  plus what 's wrong with being bounced in the first round ? 
  you can rebuild without being a complete dumpster fire for 5 + years . 
  embiid and simmons is all you guys got out of your `` process '' . 
  even if they get fully healthy , you guys are n't sniffing the playoffs for at least another 2-3 years . 
  i 'm sorry but i rather make playoffs almost every year and get bounced first or second round , at least you get to cheer your team on in the playoffs . 
  what benefits ? 
  should n't i have a cavs flair then ? 
  not sure what you meant by that . 
  contend or bust eh ? 
  that 's your motto ? 
  i think you guys have lost so much you 're actually beginning to enjoy it . 
  how have you benefited from high picks ? 
  so you guys are close to a championship ? 
  let me get this straight . 
  youre gon na continue losing and all of a sudden you 're gon na have a championship roster ? 
  with zero losses in the playoffs ? 
  zero experience ? 
  zero playoff heart break ? 
  you 're gon na go from a 20-62 season to title contender ? 
  okay . 
  please call me when that happens, 
  yes they are . 
  that does n't make them playoff bound , let alone title bound . 
  you need more than picks to create a championship roster and winning mentality . 
  as long as colangelo is there , that wo n't happen anyways , regardless of who they draft . 
  no i 'm sorry i do n't understand what your type of rebuild is cause it has n't show any success as of yet . 
  if you guys get the 8th seed i would congratulate you because that 's an amazing step in the right direction . 
  but you would n't want the 8th seed right ? 
  cause you might get swept right ? 
  so you rather just lose and lose and lose untill you magically have a good enough to roster to contend for a title . 
  skip everything in between and shoot right to the top . 
  is that ... the process ? 
  what the fuck are you so happy about losing for then ? 
  keep deflecting . 
  you will be happy once philadelphia gets back into the playoffs , as you should be . 
  cause making the playoffs is a successful season in some cases . 
  and you 'll lose in the first round , and the year after you 'll come.back stronger and maybe make it to the second round . 
  that 's how teams grow . 
  you do n't grow by shitting the bed in the regular season . 
  wow so you might not witness a successful season in your lifetime . 
  that 's got ta suck , what 's the point of watching ? 
  high in the lottery , like steph , klay and dray right ? 
  or like anthony bennett dion waiters and jahlil okafor high ? 
  i am convinced sixers fans brains have been melted by this tanking process mentality . 
  i agree basketball is fun to watch and i watch it even when we are trash like this year ... . . but it 's been a while since you 've supported a winning team and that must suck is all i 'm saying . 
  but maybe you 're not really a philly fan then ? 
  maybe you 're a fan of the league , i would n't blame and there 's nothing wrong with that of course . 
  kind of clears things up , you do n't mind watching philly lose . 
  some do some do n't ... . . draft position is n't more important than talent scouting . 
  you 'll find that out soon enough with colangelo on your side . 
  trading away noel is just the beginning . 
  which is funny , cause you 're all for high picks , and technically a season went to waste for noel ... . and now he 's gone , with nothing in return except more losing seasons ahead . 
  it 's logical though i ca n't argue that , if you 're in the lottery 9 out of 10 times you 're bound to hit it eventually . 
  it 's just an ugly road . 
  no it wo n't . 
  i do n't think our organization is relying on picks to get better . 
  you have the type of organization that even if you landed a franchise changing star , his career would go to waste . 
  like boogie with the kings or melo with the knicks . 
  so youll probably draft a star , sure , but you wo n't have any success with that star cause there is no winning tradition there . 
  and that star will bolt somewhere more attractive , to a team that knows how to do more than lose and draft good players from the ncaa tournament . 
  like i said , just watch what colangelo is gon na do with your team in 5 years . 
  you 're gon na wish you never played a part in these process and tanking memes . 
  what ? 
  our team is n't good but i like watching my team this year . 
  i also liked watching them last year , and the year before . 
  if riley tanked away 5 years , i would not be a fan . 
  was n't losing last year in the first round kind of exciting ? 
  were n't you glad you got to see playoff basketball again in your city ? 
  well i wan na see what it 's like to be swept by lebron . 
  ca n't be that bad, 
  i checked :( all out, 
  nobody 's doing it in the fourth, 
  yeah they 're sold out cause of greedy assholes like you . 
  no thanks, 
  wow your dad was right when he said you 're useless, 
  we got the tie breaker over them i believe , so that 's kinda good, 
  you stood in a line for a console for 10 hours and you 're calling me a loser .
