  gms seem to think so , the fuck do i care . 
  he 's a starting point guard on most teams, 
  hmmm maybe i 'm wrong then . 
  your assessment makes sense . 
  i 'm just saying , those 4 guys ( i count ag as a pf ) are super valuable , trading one for a couple of good role players could turn out to be well worth it , just my opinion . 
  #dunk of the year !, 
  that shot against the wizards , so sick, 
  how was n't this a thing up until now . . ? 
  i am disappointed in r/nba, 
  glorified underhand free throw, 
  like me, 
  seems to be working well . 
  i doubt his teammates are `` scared '' of upsetting him . 
  this is n't news, 
  it 's old news, 
  god damn time hoppers, 
  i do n't necessarily have a side on pizzagate . 
  but you said you love a good conspiracy theory , ... pizzagate is as good as they come . 
  i 'm not jumping to any conclusions like some people are on here but we 've had more retarded shit trending on here than this . 
  this at least has * some * substance to it . 
  it 's actually a great conspiracy, 
  that , and the questions that are being raised make sense , because the conversations held in the emails are completely illogical . 
  that 's my only bone to pick in this whole case , i do n't care about alefantis and his pizza store . 
  i want to know what the emails mean . 
  i think that 's why alot of people started digging in the first place . 
  yes , i believe people are jumping the gun on far too many aspects of this case . 
  we should focus on only shedding light on the emails , that should lead to more answers . 
  but then again , most conspiracies take a crazy turn eventually into lala land . 
  you 're entitled to your own opinion . 
  but i just think his fingers would be way too big to write on a normal keyboard with no mistakes . 
  plus the email addresses in this case are the only facts we have and i do n't recall seeing bigfoot69@gmail.com, 
  minister of foreign affairs ... tony parker, 
  colangelo got your core guys though, 
  klays hot streak scoring is beyond impressive . 
  the 37 point quarter , last week 's 60 , absolutely amazing . 
  all while being in possession of the ball a little over a minute if i recall ? 
  simply amazing and out of this world . 
  that being said , it takes a special type of player to drop 50 on you at will while handling the ball , creating his own shot , driving aggressively to the lane with freak athleticism . 
  troll post , just thought i 'd put my two cents in . 
  despite all that , i think last year was their biggest fuck up because no bad luck was involved, 
  very interesting read . 
  now do you think that destabilizing the great nation of yugoslavia played a role in all of this ? 
  i mean bill clinton was in office at the time . 
  edit : i 'm well educated on the breaking up of the balkans do n't get me wrong . 
  of course there was conflict between all the nations , but perhaps there was also an ulterior motive to albania gaining it 's independency or it was just taken advantage of by the west after the fact . 
  what type of hairstyle would he have though ? 
  like a regular bald fade ? 
  or would he still rock the waves ? 
  e : he might actually have the whole modern pidgeotto comb over look , who knows , fuck this is bugging me, 
  blowing a 3-1 lead is a fuck up in my opinion, 
  sorry if the warriors can get flack for blowing a 3-1 lead so can the thunder with two superstars on the team . 
  if you 're up 3-1 you 're supposed to capitalize and seal the deal , if you do n't , you fucked up . 
  it 's not all bad luck , at some point it has to fall on their shoulders , which in last year 's case i think it does . 
  the following years as op stated was bad timing or bad luck , however you wan na look at it . 
  i 'm really not that good though, 
  i 've been trying to figure this out for so long but was to embarrassed to ask : $ < 3, 
  i 'm taking kobe man fuck it , we 'll do it live, 
  i feel like it 's the other way around, 
  so which way around are we now ? 
  touching hands, 
  never convicted of rape ? 
  how about you ask the raptors ? 
  serbia - any team with one or multiple serbs, 
  so you hope he joins you guys, 
  winslow is just injured , but he was getting all the playing time in the world . 
  still shit at shooting but at least he 's out there playing, 
  i think his shot will come around cause his form is n't ugly really, 
  charlotte, 
  lecoast in full effect, 
  this man owns the league, 
  we 're good at that, 
  clippers would be perfect fit, 
  fuck im grinning so hard at this :'), 
  let 's not act like he did n't * deserve * it . 
  he very well did deserve it , really it could have went to either . 
  they both deserved it but it went to kobe, 
  why is he due a $ 100 million contract ? 
  no way anybody gives this guy 100 $ million, 
  yeah those guys actually play, 
  slight ? 
  lol what does he do that 's worth 100 mil ? 
  look at what the max contract big men are doing . 
  not to mention he 's made out of chinese glass . 
  i 'm gon na tag this just for this upcoming offseason . 
  nerlens noel will not get anywhere near 100 mil . 
  edit : i 'm not denying that he 's talented . 
  but that he 's gon na get 100 mil after his rookie deal , after having a sub par 3-4 seasons is fucking ridiculous . 
  people trying too hard now to get into the shitpost hof, 
  probably , seems like alot of money for a not so impacful player . 
  but there are worse contracts out there i guess, 
  kinda hard to criticize 6/6 in the finals . 
  every all time great could tweak a few things here and there to be a little better , even jordan . 
  but he is the basketball god for good reason , not only his play on the court but everything off the court as well . 
  wanting to be `` like mike '' was real . 
  nobody won anything by themselves . 
  nobody was also as good as jordan on any other championship team . 
  no he was n't . 
  lebron was great and i have him already right under jordan . 
  you wan na bring up the whole teammates argument , lebron has had great supporting cast for all 3 of his rings . 
  that shot that kyrie hit ?
