  yup go okc , fuck the cavs , the raptors and the warriors, 
  holy fuck , no matter the league or competition , that is impressive as hell !, 
  this is actually me yesterday, 
  justise gained a lot of good experience this year , hope he has a productive off season . 
  congrats to kat , what a beast !, 
  this draft class is insane !, 
  * richard jefferson *, 
  kerr, 
  a coaches dream, 
  phil `` a `` delphia, 
  it looks so cool , but i 'm still so sad :(, 
  what a great analysis , really opened up my eyes about coach so , he 's actually shit according to this, 
  ugh so many words, 
  this is ground breaking stuff ... 
  nice legs, 
  and draft zaire ? 
  are we all being honest ? 
  that just gave me a very uneasy feeling in my stomach ... 
  skips opinion is so far from relevant at this point, 
  but curry is the greatest of all time of ever in the universe , look how shoot ball and go in all time, 
  they are n't stats . 
  they are milestones . 
  milestones that curry wo n't catch up to in a long time even if he keeps this up, 
  i think just cause toronto was deeper than miami , whiteside proved to be more valuable . 
  biyombo is a legit back up . 
  valunciunas was the better player though hands down till he got hurt you 're right about that . 
  all that `` omg hes shooting 3s ! '', 
  in the off season , got hyped so much it was an almost inevitable let down . 
  great player though , his time will come, 
  i 'm just saying , fuck the cavs , that 's all . 
  enlighten me please with these obvious reasons, 
  did he get maxed ? 
  jesus christ , he 's gon na make demar and barnes look like superstars, 
  damn what a shame, 
  just a reminder , ecf game 1 starts in 15 min, 
  it 's d wade lol, 
  rip, 
  he 's got ta be i swear ... 
  yeah, 
  did n't kobe retire ? 
  hope you 're taking notes from the west, 
  reheat the spo/vogel rivalry, 
  even if he was , why would he tell you ? 
  pretty nice eurozan though, 
  i mean ... they 're heading for the playoffs , will they make it and meet the same year remains to be the question . 
  in general they 're heading in the same direction ... straight ... up, 
  fair assessment, 
  they should have tried delon on him just to see if he can stay in front of him , that boys got some burners, 
  could they beat the raptors ? 
  i do n't know man, 
  i think everybody who follows nba understands tts immense value to the cavs . 
  that being said , when you lay out his stats next to his contract its almost ridiculous . 
  this is really it . 
  tt had all the leverage last off season and the cavs knew if they were n't gon na pay him somebody else would . 
  no i absolutely agree , if he was more of a focal point i 'm sure his stats would increase dramatically , but he 's that type of player that does his job without plays being called for him . 
  your words not mine, 
  yelling '' i am beesmak ! '', 
  except detroit 's gon na be like a 4-6 seed next year, 
  so philly will get out the first round before boston ? 
  lebron would, 
  give him the max pat, 
  that 's hard to say . 
  he was projected to go top 5 last year . 
  his stats probably would have looked a lot different if he stayed one more year cause he 's built like a fridge and would have been a college vet . 
  with simmons and ingram holding the top two spots i 'm sure he would go somewhere right after them , but no way would he drop to 10 this year . 
  i maybe see some teams taking murray , bender and dunn over him that 's about it . 
  good ol canadian humor, 
  every balkan gets emotional after a good night of drinking and music . 
  there 's a joke i 'll try my best to translate . 
  `` i bumped into a guy at the club by accident , he asked me what my fucking problem was , i told him about it all , we 're both crying now '', 
  yes . 
  god rest his soul, 
  croatia , orthodox christian though . 
  so technically serbian , but my roots are from croatia ... . long story -_-, 
  this is his best shot at getting one for the land . 
  cause its all about getting one for the land, 
  it ai n't ever too early for the land, 
  got you pretty far last year ... 
  ... who was coaching at the time ? 
  needs to go full dreads then and not shave the sides, 
  cause your bigs made him look like prime bosh, 
  on the offensive end yeah, 
  why the fuck did n't you say it then !, 
  this makes alot of sense at first glance , then you factor in time zones and makes no sense at all . 
  would be cool though, 
  lol y' all had biyombo bodying up a 6 ' 6 rookie , i 'm surprised the heat made it a 7 game series . 
  paul george himself took y' all to 7 , and you guys won on a controversial no call , even with that , solomon hill was a millisecond off from sending y' all ice fishing, 
  yes they did , they won fair and square , all i 'm saying is after hassan went down i thought no way in hell miami takes this to seven, 
  i would sure hope so , that 's my point ... . with or without jv , with hassan out it should n't have gone to seven, 
  kind of off topic but so far the pistons played the cavs better than atlanta or toronto . 
  i think if detroit got that 7 seed raptors would n't make it out the first round, 
  when lebron was with the real mr. fourth quarter ? 
  that 's just an excuse , raptors are n't losing cause they 're tired . 
  they 're professional athletes , i think you underestimate their stamina/endurance, 
  you guys were injured not so much fatigued , i just doubt the raptors would play you guys any better if they played 10 or 12 games instead of 14, 
  so against miami and indiana when he played like shit there was no excuse , but against cleveland his shitty play is justified by fatigue ? 
  i 'm pretty sure he said it himself that the elbow had nothing to do with his slump . 
  100 % they were , raptors just made them look decent, 
  dehydration and fatigue are two separate things , he 's got people in place to make sure he 's properly hydrated, 
  if detroit got that 7 seed they 'd be in the ecf right now imo,
