  justin trudeau certainly ca n't handle the heat, 
  i mute my tv every time i see that bmo commercial, 
  goran ... take the wheel i 'm drunk, 
  val meet jesus, 
  you 're kidding ... 
  jonas is so fucking good , fuck, 
  it 's fucking annoying, 
  wo n't help this dreadful offense, 
  ca n't adjust , he 's gon na kill us like he has been all series, 
  is it crazy how saying sentences backwards creates backwards sentences saying how crazy it is ? 
  it 's funny how the object of golf is to play the least amount of golf, 
  hey you do n't say that !, 
  he 's gon na be fine do n't worry toronto, 
  lets go momentum swing, 
  it was , bad call, 
  he will be fine , might miss a game or two at most depending on bad of a sprain it is or if it 's even a sprain, 
  masai ujiri is the pat riley of the north, 
  wade , dirtiest player ever, 
  if we could stop playing like derozan that would be great, 
  honestly man i 'm not even being rude , but your playoff history does n't give you a right to yap, 
  can we put winslow in just for rebounding cause he 's actually pretty good at that ... pls, 
  ommmmgggg, 
  we need a huge 4th quarter , come on guys we got this, 
  scolas great leave him in, 
  really ?!, 
  yoi should be an analyst, 
  ... he does, 
  probably wade, 
  i thought it was miami 's job to complain about refs ? 
  he needs to step up man, 
  hassan and jonas both got hurt, 
  i 'm surprised how he was n't arrested right there on the court, 
  he needed to warm up nbd, 
  i 'm canadian , i couldnt care less . 
  miami has the worst fans, 
  from toronto , can confirm, 
  if you 're going to sarajevo , head straight to \u017deljo 's restaurant , there are two locations , best in town, 
  i 'm from canada and there are a decent amount spots you can get them in toronto , due to the large ex-yugo population . 
  alot harder to come by in us though , you are right, 
  chevapchichi , 
  market jolly in north york , a deli that sells them fresh for you to make at home . 
  zam restaurant and bar is a very nice eatery where you can get a variety of balkan foods . 
  in etobicoke, 
  royal meats in etobicoke has to be my favorite, 
  market jolly deli in north york, 
  zam restaurant in etobicoke ,, 
  royal meats in etobicoke ***, 
  there are more locations but i ca n't think of them all right now, 
  i know which ones you 're talking about , green box right ? 
  packaged in hamilton . 
  those are the real deal since they are made with ground lamb , taste great despite being frozen . 
  although i am not exactly sure who carry 's them , would n't hurt to try though . 
  this guy does n't appreciate farmers !, 
  haha zeljos itself is a landmark  safe travels and you should bless / r/food with a picture directly from zeljo when you 're there , cheers !, 
  got ta be somewhere on the table , but i eat mine with kajmak , that glob of cream cheese you see above . 
  wade is dirtier than the bottom of my shoe, 
  i 'm gon a have to agree , and i 'm . pretty sure bonimi is still open, 
  man our guys need to step up big time , wade ca n't be the only one scoring if we 're gon na beat toronto, 
  you guys can crash at my place, 
  it 's a home made lepinja  ca n't buy them anywhere, 
  hahaha :p, 
  yes that 's correct, 
  it 's somewhere there , i do n't use it though :p, 
  lol paul george took yall to seven games by his damn self , charlotte would have beat y' all and indiana in 6, 
  omfg, 
  chevapi ( :, 
  i 've had the same idea , you just got ta get people to try it and make it known, 
  yes . 
  this is what worries me , amare is gon na have to step up, 
  lol both raptor and heat fans reverse jinxing in this thread . 
  mint . 
  alot of spots , more info further in comments , 
  dirtiest player in history , so disrespectful too, 
  lucky bastard , you do n't have to adult today ? 
  luckily my job let 's me do that as well . 
  fuck dwyane wade and his big ass jaw, 
  i wish pistons drafted him so we had a shot at darko or at least chris kaman, 
  should be kobe, 
  lucky :(, 
  ty : '' listen up you fucking mother fuckers , we got lebron fucking james , he 's one bad mother fucker , you guys need to step up and be bad mother fuckers as well , you guys fucking got it ?! '', 
  most exciting canadian politics in the last 20 years, 
  all of last year practically if i 'm not mistaken, 
  i 'm dumb , at first i wanted to tell him that charlie is n't really a nickname for josh ... 
  he really does look like charlie though, 
  ... really, 
  well ... whiteside is still a big fat question mark, 
  is it too late now to say sorryyyy ? 
  cause i 'm ... 
  dropping thirty on kyle lowryyy, 
  k. ... did n't have to get personal, 
  thanks lebron, 
  stat pls, 
  wade take us home, 
  goran man come the fuck onnnnnnn, 
  we csnt grab a fucking rebound, 
  dominate clutchness, 
  honestly man smfh, 
  raptor nation ? 
  3 overtimes ... are you not entertained ?!, 
  just kidding , terrible basketball .
