  how 's that hard to comprehend ? 
  if he have you a super inefficient 18ppg last year i think he 's capable of giving cleveland 13-15ppg efficiently playing with lebron again . 
  anything is a plus at this point for the cavs . 
  if you can pick up a solid veteran like wade for 2.1 mil ... why the fuck not ? 
  drake is such a cringe ball, 
  first openly gay marriage in nba history ? 
  legendary off season, 
  seriously , some guys like men with hairy shoulders , nothing wrong with that, 
  has n't given a direct answer on his health all year . 
  just say if he 's good to go or not, 
  ca n't have any heat killers if we sign them all . 
  okc knocking off gs would be celebrated as a unified league win, 
  i agree with this . 
  basically comes down to what you value more from a player , defense or 3pt shooting , ca n't go wrong either way . 
  i know i never said steph was just a 3pt shooter or a poor defender . 
  defense is more than just steals and that 's where 09 wade has the advantage . 
  also they 're both crafty scorers and can do it in multiple ways but currys 3pt shooting is what gives him the offensive edge . 
  was n't aware that saying wade is a better defender than curry is that controversial ... 
  lol this is actuslly happening, 
  - black science man, 
  lakers wet dream the last 3 years, 
  no no no everyone is retarded in america , hillary was a great candidate . 
  it 's the people 's fault she lost, 
  she was so bad she actually lost to trump , that 's how bad she was . 
  trump is a fucking moron , but if she was the better candidate she would have won the presidency . 
  trump winning just goes to show what a horrible candidate she was . 
  probably the worst democratic candidate in history . 
  god i fucking hope so justise, 
  did anybody else find imilreth to be a lot harder than caranthir and eriden ? 
  i do n't know maybe i was too high of a level but i breezed through the final two and kinda struggled with imilreth . 
  ps4 - kuvani-krompir, 
  88 overall sf ,, 
  edit : sunset beach park, 
  thoughts ? 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  hey guys , forgive i 'm sort of new at this but help me settle a little shop dispute amongst my work colleagues . 
  so i 'm running a ycm 3016 with a fanuc controller . 
  i was running a program and put it on feed hold to change my carbides using the handle interruption . 
  i made a mistake by maxing out my z axis which prompted an over travel alarm . 
  my problem is , when go and start my program back up again i ca n't untill i remove the flashing alarm , if i hit `` reset '' it 'll clear the alarm but also it will clear my program as well which is a hassle cause i have to trim it out and send it back over again . 
  so my question to you guys is , is there any other way to clear a basic alarm code like that without resetting my program in the process ? 
  allowing me to continue on where i left off . 
  any comments will help , thanks guys !, 
  how 's it going guys ,, 
  i drive a 2004 se , last couple of weeks i noticed a huge loss of power and about 50 miles drop per tank . 
  when accelerating there is a rattling coming from the dash , i 'm not really mechanically inclined but i 'm assuming my cats are starting to fail , engine light also came on :(, 
  what should i expect for repair costs ? 
  thanks, 
  anybody else kinda bummed we ca n't hear skip and sas argue dumb as shit about these recent trades ? 
  who do you guys got in the first 10 spots, 
  i think the raptors got the next euro big . 
  dragan bender has the higher potential though . 
  thoughts ? 
  would pat riley really max out hassan without having a plan in place for wade ? 
  cause right now i 'm not seeing too many options, 
  and riley tried to nickel and dime him . 
  i 'm having a problem getting over this . 
  i understand our future looks brighter with him gone , but the lack of respect shown to wade is undeniable . 
  i think wade hates the thought of leaving miami and going to chicago , he wants to stay , but this is what happens when a man gets pushed over the ledge . 
  no shame in saying pat riley made a mistake here , mishandled the situation . 
  i 'm just boggled by the fact that this guy has n't missed a single playoff game , 42.5 mpg/182 playoff games, 
  i think of tracy mcgrady with his first year in orlando after leaving toronto . 
  t-mac from '99 on toronto to 2000 on orlando . 
  99/00 : 15.4 ppg , 6.3 rpg , 3.3 apg , 1.1 spg , and 27.7 % from 3 . 
  00/01 : 26.8 ppg , 7.5 rpg , 4.6 apg , 1.5 spg , and 35.5 % from 3 . 
  who else is a good example ? 
  brought the beehive next to him but he 's not dying , and i ca n't aard around him, 
  [ removed ], 
  playing bw . 
  want to dye all my armor black , found black dye formula , all i 'm . missing is `` nigredo '' looked fine for things that contain it , i have a shit ton of herbs like all spice and quick solution that all carry nigredo when dismantled supposedly . 
  here 's my problem , none of those herbs pop up in my alchemy stuff when i go to an armorer to dismantle . 
  tried different armorer 's and they can all dismantle monster ingredients and select herbs and other random ass junk but no these specific herbs i need ... . wtf !? 
  so i finished the original game and both expansions recently . 
  a couple of weeks ago i saw a post on herr about a quest where geralt drinks some mushroom brew and roach starts talking to him , it looked very fun . 
  where do i activate this quest ? 
  [ removed ], 
  any way to find out my true total play time ? 
  545 hours just does n't seem realistic . 
  what 's up with that ? 
  anybody else experiencing ? 
  i 'm not a big fan of the whole button timing style . 
  [ removed ], 
  i know we have a tough season coming up but i still believe that even with this squad we are a mid tier team . 
  all of r/nba seems to think we are at the bottom of the barrel . 
  ca n't wait for the season to start and we start changing people 's opinions . 
  tryna cheese to get hustle rebounder badge, 
  [ removed ], 
  got drafted second overall by the bulls right behind yao ming , all i know is he had a freak motorcycle accident which basically ended his career . 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  [ removed ], 
  let 's say lebron wanted to spend the first year with his newborn . 
  would the nba allow it and pay him a fraction of his salary for a season ? 
  he 's been cleared for basketball activities after his thumb injury, 
  just kidding !, 
  #fuck the pacers !, 
  so i started reading the 24 protocols and i just had a question maybe somebody could clear up .
