  nk is a little bug compared to some of the bigger players of the past world wars . 
  stop buying into this obvious fear mongering propaganda . 
  only guy in the tournament that 's capable of carrying a team all by himself in my opinion . 
  excited to see how far they go, 
  derrick rose is a 78 lol, 
  it 's literally one attritube point ... in a video game ... chill . 
  jackson 's edge in defense and athleticism may have bumped him up a notch . 
  and even then you can get blocked by a midget scrub, 
  this game is downright awful . 
  feels like a ps2 borderline ps3 game . 
  terrible animations , terrible graphics , terrible commentary . 
  fuck i am pumped for eurobasket now . 
  what would a trade with portland look like ? 
  yeah but who gives a shit about that , i dont buy a game to look at its menus, 
  not even dick riding , ea needs to straight up stop the live franchise after this . 
  honestly i just want another full season of lebron playing like it 's the playoffs, 
  i 'm not even sure what that means, 
  myplayers are n't big ballers, 
  yeah ... i play as a glass cleaner pf . 
  feel free to add me on ps4, 
  i 'm a 2k shill , sorry had to hijack post, 
  greece are a good team overall and giannis just makes them that much better . 
  latvia not so much , that 's what i mean by i could see kp carrying them almost all by himself . 
  you 're saying that cause its something new and 2k17 has more or less been one of the worst 2ks in recent memory . 
  no way in hell is live a better basketball simulation than 2k though , sorry . 
  if you 're user data has been corrupted you can recover your file from the ps4 `` cloud '', 
  that is no longer a nap my friend, 
  is that supposed to be kyrie ? 
  yeah its `` not bad '' that 's why it 's also priced the way it is . 
  it looks nice but feels like a bottom shelf game . 
  like come on , this is supposed to be kyrie ? 
  literally stole 5k from tax payers, 
  i 'm not saying the 2k team are n't a bunch of greedy cunts , im saying i enjoy playing a good basketball and 2k happens to be the better basketball game imo . 
  lool like what the fuck ea, 
  i played it ... 
  youngwhiteside, 
  fuck i 'm gon na miss tony, 
  rest the starters on opening night, 
  ragin ' cajun, 
  e : just realized what a great name this is for a wing flavor, 
  wow where at ? 
  i 'm gon na sue them, 
  jorge garbajosa, 
  i cheated and got them all right, 
  if you take a look at both parties objectively , the party that instigated and `` hit first '' were not the nazis, 
  the dumbing down of the entire world is the worst . 
  from the music that infects the brains of children to the tv shows and award shows is the worst imo . 
  it 's everywhere , in every nation . 
  every country has their reality t.v. 
  stars , their kim kardashians , their auto-tuned music stars with recycled lyrics . 
  it 's all fucked . 
  if you do n't care whether you win or lose , nobody will wan na play with you, 
  guess i live under a rock, 
  nation wide black out, 
  you fell off in terms of athleticism, 
  so just keep the younger cheaper player with more potential and continue rebuilding . 
  swapping kyrie for kp is a 2k type bullshit trade scenario . 
  think he means it 's worth it to acquire kp, 
  we made it fam, 
  the dan gilbert scream, 
  you got downvoted but it 's true basically . 
  come back and be our manu pls, 
  no shit ? 
  umm yeah ? 
  nothing wrong with that, 
  i mean they 've been pretty good and better than us the last 3 years . 
  not sure how they 're overrated , they struggle come playoff time though . 
  he will, 
  he will though . 
  it 's 2020 ? 
  also touchdown in football, 
  yo tell her i said whadddup, 
  touchdown bank of canada . 
  that 's sick, 
  just cruise down to the coast of croatia and have a great time incase there are no pyramids, 
  graham hancock concluded that there is not enough evidence to suggest this is a man made pyramid . 
  in it 's defense though he also claims that local archaeologists are n't receiving enough funding to continue excavation and all further excavation has actually come to a complete halt . 
  what if i told you i can provide a song where you see how talented lil b really is and actually sounds good, 
  the man with the black hand, 
  it 's like kd knows all the right things to say unless the topic is his free agency decision . 
  i think 88 would be fair for him as well, 
  off topic but what 's the word on embiids minute restriction this year ? 
  goberts stats will take a hit this year . 
  hassan really is a huge focal point in miami 's offense and defense . 
  gobert was great as a defensive anchor on a good team , should be interesting to see how he does now with a bigger role . 
  pretty sure kd was the first bitch to do it, 
  his advanced metrics will of course ... thats how it works . 
  he 's literally utahs goto guy now that hayward is gone . 
  will is such a tool, 
  not on this subject matter , i meant in general . 
  i cringe when he talks, 
  washington ? 
  got old, 
  same thing pat riley did for wade right, 
  hope he 's worth the money, 
  his whole career he was misused as a sf . 
  spo revitalized him as playmaking 4 . 
  i suggest we do n't change that, 
  this is sickening, 
  who ?
