  wish i could hangout with these squirtel bros, 
  pretty sure the title '' half man half amazing '' did n't even exist prior to vince carters existence . 
  of all dunkers, 
  is she single ? 
  fuck i do n't care care if he plays 50 games , as long as he 's ready for playoffs like he usually is . 
  the boy d-wade with the clutch 4 point play , oooooooo shiiiit ,, 
  one of the goats, 
  how the fu ... 
  the undeniable rise of dwyane wade was a great watch . 
  but honestly there are a couple of 30 for 30s that just keep you glued to your screen, 
  wade looked really good last season , and the games he missed were n't due to his knees . 
  i can live with that . 
  i think the role players on this heat squad need to remain healthy for them to meet expectations . 
  yeah i thought he was trying to make a joke ... but then no , he was n't . 
  op is clearly suggesting that the towers took a selfie right before they collapsed . 
  maybe the towers knew something we did n't ? 
  maybe they were in on it . 
  holy shit , how did he get up there, 
  mind giving me a little spoiler . 
  not afraid to admit that i am too much of girl to open it . 
  as if someone took a little nibble before adding oil, 
  `` massage '', 
  chris bosh, 
  every time i say this to girls they never reply, 
  i am from toronto and was always a raptor fan through the good times and the terrible times , but i must say , i can not stand this drake influence and these so called `` fans '' wearing ovo shirts in the acc, 
  edit : keep the downvotes coming you new school , skinny jean , garbage music listening , bandwagon , do n't know shit about basketball `` fans '', 
  i 'm probably not that much older than you . 
  i was well aware my comment will be downvoted . 
  the edit is not a comeback at all playa . 
  i wish you could understand him it 's hilarious haha . 
  first three he yells `` pulling up from the locker room ! '', 
  then the real deep one he says `` times running out , mirza from the parking lot !!, 
  oh my god people come see this what mirza just did !!!! '', 
  as a bitter red star fan i actually enjoyed this moment immensely, 
  east is looking better this year than last , i do n't understand why you think cleveland is such a super team . 
  and trust me , they would much rather have kyrie for the start of the season . 
  going into the playoffs finishing 1st or 2nd is always better than 7th or 8th . 
  you made it seem like you 're pretty confident in your cavs heading into the playoffs at the 8 spot . 
  cool cause i was about to say fuck the cavs . 
  fuck the cavs, 
  kevin love ai n't exactly a marble statue either . 
  lasagna has meat in it and apparently lasagna rolls do n't, 
  they do n't seem to understand , my friend, 
  i could give her something just as sloppy as that burger to shut her mouth, 
  i literally just beat the game and can easily say that it is my favourite game thus far ( i play a lot of rpgs ) can not wait for the expansion !, 
  she 's a cunt anyway dude, 
  my golden rule , stay a couple of levels ahead of main quest . 
  if main quest catches up to your level , stop and spread out . 
  witcher contracts are actually great ways to gain experience and crowns . 
  do n't be afraid to finish the game , you can continue doing everything else afterwards, 
  fuck i can not wait to see wade and pg this season man !, 
  nobody above said serbia , meanwhile they 're number one in power rankings , won silver against the u.s. . a year ago . 
  that 's ok , we play spain first and i can not wait, 
  team serbia, 
  yeah that 's master crafted wolven armor . 
  i think it 's the sickest armor in the game, 
  fuck you 're right nithral is the one i struggled with the most, 
  i know right ... then avalach did n't happen :'(, 
  yeah ... right ? 
  thought it was weed, 
  serbs looking out for serbs . 
  love it, 
  i think he makes up for poor free throw shooting with decent shot range for a big . 
  something deandre and dwight ca n't say, 
  groans the better floor general that 's for sure, 
  he should be . 
  they owe that man playing time from the playoffs, 
  extreme alcoholism and nicotine addiction quickly spreads through the locker room . . 
  pretty good, 
  can you imagine that by some miracle they have a relatively healthy season !, 
  serbia 1-17 from three ... fuck me man, 
  yeah ... this is not good, 
  game winner ma boy bjelicaaaa, 
  lol fuck the cavs, 
  bro ... fuck the cavs, 
  i just want them to fix the total time play cause there 's no way in hell i played a total of 9 days , stoked for this expansion finally though woooo !, 
  man fuck the cavs honestly, 
  but fuck the cavs ... 
  first person to agree with me all day, 
  dude stop, 
  step brothers, 
  you 're an idiot, 
  edit : totally missed the eli5, 
  you think they asked markief if he was up for a little photoshoot ? 
  no actually i 'm an idiot for reading his question sarcastically . 
  serbia and montenegro always had good relations . 
  actually after the bloody civil war the two remaining yugoslav republics formed into `` serbia and montenegro '' , so it was called up until 2006 . in 2006 montenegro gained its independence in a fair and peaceful vote . 
  i mean ... i would n't have thought that ... i did n't in fact, 
  thank god it was n't an israeli flag , all hell would have broke loose, 
  haha :p , and no not in a negative way , just the media would pounce on that so fast and create a political theatre over it, 
  i 'll never get league pass again , what 's the point of not showing playoff games ? 
  and half the games are blacked out in my area, 
  just stop, 
  kyrie made of glass though boy . 
  for all the hate wade gets at least he 's there in the playoffs . 
  ( yes he had a bad finals series in 14 ), 
  but please man , kyrie still has a lot to prove while wade can retire tonight and go down as 3rd best sg in history arguably . 
  i think that 's absurd to say the least but that 's my opinion . 
  lebron will never have another sidekick like wade , injury or not , what them two did for 4 years straight together was incredible . 
  you ca n't honestly say that you would rather have a duo of bron and kyrie over bron and wade , whatever the year is .
