  game 3 there is no flood you lose ... game 4 there is flood you win, 
  dwyane pls man ... pls, 
  imagine they became better players, 
  not gon na rule it out though, 
  thank their star player for that, 
  or not, 
  im not buying any of it . 
  but i really just want this to end, 
  you 'd be surprised , sometimes it drops to 73, 
  wade ai n't bitch made though, 
  keep dreaming bud, 
  yeah i 'm gon na blame the star player that coughed up a 3-1 lead . 
  do n't blame him for leaving , criticizing his team choice, 
  fuck the warriors, 
  so that was lake erie all along ? 
  fuck your time , this ai n't the goonies, 
  i picture westbrook in a dark room all alone right now laughing manically with joker makeup smeared and running down his face, 
  everything is ... just fine, 
  or do our fan bases unite ? 
  warriors ai n't winning shit, 
  they offered him 2year/40mil with an option, 
  come back to us at 37 for more money ? 
  cause he * is * a bitch, 
  i hate your tone you cocky little prick, 
  should maybe consider bruno caboclo, 
  good, 
  or they could win zero which will most likely happen, 
  probably, 
  always will, 
  lebron to miami, 
  we do n't say that name around here, 
  the not leader, 
  try it out , send me money, 
  it 's not the money , it 's him feeling like he always comes second to this organization . 
  which is sort of true , if they really respected wade they would have locked him up even before hassan . 
  no man it was n't supposed to be like this , his last game was supposed to be with us -_-, 
  beautiful town though, 
  we wan na retain some of the guys we develop though . 
  why go through all this work to develop jrich just to have another team throw a big contract at him when we can be that team . 
  that 's what makes this whole kerfuffle so fucked up . 
  it was easy for the lakers to pay kobe , they were in a shit hole with no future . 
  paying wade big money would fuck us in the near future , i do n't even know anymore . 
  tj just got 50 mil , jrich is worth more than that as of right now , two years from now he 'll be even better . 
  the money is insane that 's being thrown around , if we pay wade we 'll have 4 players on full if not close to full max contracts, 
  fuck outta here denver , wade do n't even get lit like that, 
  what kind of black magic is this !, 
  how can she slap, 
  mother of god ... 
  yes , although some sites were purpose kept in ruin as historic land marks . 
  mostar got it really bad during the war , bosnia in general did, 
  no i 'm from northern croatia , but i 've travelled throughout the entire balkans . 
  i 'm not familiar with the `` red roses '' you speak of , mostar is mainly known for this iconic bridge, 
  but he needs a jedi master :(, 
  man he 's literally telling riley to find a team for mcbob asap and give me 50 +, 
  could have stopped after `` anywhere '', 
  game 3 there is no flood you lose ... game 4 there is flood you win, 
  sorry dude but you 're wrong . 
  riley offered him 40mil for 2 years . 
  dwyane refused , and we have yet to see a riley counter offer . 
  i 'm sure he 's working on it so just chill , this whole notion of he does n't wan na pay wade is ridiculous . 
  he 's gon a pay him and all of you will look pretty dumb in the end, 
  well he 's also thinking of the future . 
  he does n't want wade to cripple that as harsh as it sounds . 
  wade 's worth every penny and more but it 's just the harsh reality of this dumbass situation . 
  richardson is the problem for the future . 
  if he continues this trajectory he 's gon na be worth alot of money two years from now , trying to avoid another tyler johnson hassan whiteside type situation, 
  we will have 4 players on max contracts and two up and coming talents looking for a pay day in winslow and jrich . 
  at that time dragic wade and bosh will be on the wrong end of 30 , pretty shitty situation for a gm to be in, 
  how do you figure, 
  oh ... i smoke the marijuana too , this could be fun, 
  i ca n't wait to watch you guys fail, 
  dwight has n't heard the news, 
  i hope jokic knocks you guys out first round single handedly, 
  how dare you ... 
  riley curry is a ugly kid, 
  jrich and winslow era begins, 
  fuck it at this point, 
  y u do dis, 
  this was posted yesterday ... 
  kd ai n't slaying shit, 
  we have no chance now, 
  time will tell, 
  that 's the fucking spirit, 
  lies, 
  if he decides to stay , i better not see no `` my home , my city , my team '' tweets after all of this , just would n't sit right, 
  you and me both, 
  you 're not helping ethan ... . ethan god damn it !, 
  i have a feeling i 'm next, 
  let him walk fuck this, 
  can we just kill mcbob ? 
  if we 're gon na lose wade , we might as well match tjs offer, 
  take mcbob ... 
  dude he was spectacular what are you saying !? 
  marks does not wan na help us ... at all, 
  i 'm down, 
  i mean at this point they are offering him every penny they have . 
  cue the bag pipes, 
  he 's on tomorrow, 
  wade worked better with whiteside than dragic to be honest . 
  you 're right,
