  there 's a difference, 
  clearly did n't party hard enough . 
  amateurs, 
  you guys deserve it . 
  the darkest of times, 
  nice , pistons going down too, 
  is that lance vance ? 
  excellent, 
  that 's the spirit, 
  pull out game weak af, 
  and fucking three really, 
  probably you guys, 
  think you 're right ... 
  here 's to a sketchy finale to this season, 
  lmao fuck , that was heart breaking . 
  luckily this year we have the tie breaker over you guys and the pacers , could be huge down the stretch, 
  just do n't let him shoot from beyond half court at the buzzer, 
  shit, 
  just play man , it 's just a little scratch, 
  whatever you guys gave him , can dion get some as well please , thanks, 
  me too chuck , me too, 
  honestly pretty impressive for ms paint, 
  first dame bends us over , now demar . 
  got double dicked down this week by the ds, 
  seriously , mods need to be deleting those, 
  what 's wrong with mass effect ? 
  have n't got a chance to take a look at it yet, 
  and to top it all off , she kicked brad out , who would do such a thing !, 
  i feel like he hates us :(, 
  looks good in that jersey, 
  the sex number, 
  does that carry over to next season ? 
  unless they make playoffs, 
  what kind of shit is this ? 
  if you 're 20 years old and you score 70 points in an nba game , you have the right to celebrate your ass off . 
  has nothing to do with their culture vs ours . 
  way bigger than my ... nvm, 
  wow how dare he sit out on a saturday night smh, 
  that 's the bean man , smh, 
  could really use this win, 
  it 's why i love my sundays, 
  feed him leprechauns, 
  well i literally just smashed my ipad, 
  gg but i 'm so salty :(, 
  wow it 's like every time we play you guys we lose , that 's not good at all, 
  he had like two airballs tonight smh, 
  my whole monday depended on the outcome of this game . 
  gon na be a shit day tomorrow, 
  man i thought hakim was gon na be amare 2.0 ... i was so wrong, 
  lmao seriously wtf, 
  it looks bad man . 
  rip, 
  hell no, 
  the hottest takes, 
  could really use a 3 game streak though , it would be enormous, 
  the vein, 
  how about neither ? 
  he might be trash but he 's still a scoring threat , this should bode well for gorgonzola dragon, 
  damn i did n't even know that , that 's awesome . 
  what 's his deal worth ? 
  dumb, 
  some of which are the most popular, 
  next to the knicks , yeah, 
  that 3pt dagger was filthy, 
  2 weeks for his reevaluation, 
  we do, 
  man we got some tough teams ahead, 
  no moral victories tonight man, 
  ball do n't drop sometimes . 
  that 's why playoffs are best of 7 , it be like that sometimes, 
  everythings weird , tonight 's games should n't count, 
  who cares though ? 
  let brodie do brodie, 
  i do n't understand this shit , am i the only one ? 
  career totals are valued more than simply accolades for hof . 
  fact is tracy spent far more time on the court than rose has . 
  ... what is the purpose, 
  i 'd like this as well, 
  i would love to end their season again, 
  seriously , this was more disrespectful than what he did at the end, 
  i 'm not sure why demar and pj are getting flak for taking this personal . 
  this is the equivalent of bat flipping after a homer . 
  i do n't get it , people hate on bat flipping in baseball but at least it looks fucking cool . 
  there was nothing cool about lance taking a wide open layup last night, 
  oh god not this kemba again !, 
  please not tonight, 
  i do n't know , i did n't find it amusing at all . 
  although i do agree that if they just kinda shook their heads and walked off the court it would have made lance look like a bigger douche, 
  it 's definitely gon na be a heated game , i expect a few techs, 
  nobody ever got under your skin while playing rec ball at the y by doing some disrespectful shit ? 
  these guys are ultra competitive but also maintain a level of respect amongst themselves . 
  your brain can react weirdly and irrationally when you become agitated and emotions are high . 
  i agree if they just shook their heads and walked off the court it would have made lance look like the bigger douche , but how are lance 's actions any less `` childish '' ? 
  i mean those are unwritten rules amongst the players . 
  how fans feel about it is practically irrelevant . 
  unwritten rules that are set out by the players in the league , which most tend to abide by . 
  when somebody `` breaks '' the rules it usually ends up in tempers flaring and scuffles . 
  how we , as fans , feel about those rules is up for debate . 
  i agree it 's crazy as hell but it 's the way it is , almost every sport has some form of these codes . 
  what ?
