  really ? 
  kemba plays for charlotte, 
  wow ... i 've lost somebody really close to suicide and really feel for him after reading that what a gripping story , it belongs on, 
  black science man, 
  i do n't know if it 's just me ... but this game is no better than the last and quite frankly i 'm very disappointed, 
  still ca n't figure out how to post, 
  the graphics look like crap man compared to other sports games that 's all i 'm sayin , i 'm a long time 2k fan . 
  2k11 and 12 are the best ones . 
  all this cheesy side story is not needed , it 's like i 'm playing nba ballers instead of a simulation, 
  fifa and madden both do, 
  lol madden is terrible i agree , it just looks nicer than this 2k imo . 
  who knows maybe i just got ta give this game some time, 
  that 's fine , not gon na downvote your opinion like everyone else over here , add me on ps4 and you 'll get wrecked either way, 
  dekobe ai n't sticking around , masai is a heartless mf , always on edge . 
  reminds me of a african rebel war lord, 
  he looked pretty awful in eurobasket, 
  would n't go that far , it 's good but not much different from last year . 
  thanks for calling me a retard, 
  well you are correct but he had some `` wtf are doing '' moments, 
  i know , i hate it how my player was adopted by a black family and they act like i ai n't even know it, 
  well i doubt he can get any worse soooo only room for improvement . 
  worth a shot, 
  can you give back johnson ? 
  :'( ... or at least tell him i love him, 
  i do n't know mister pope looks like god ca n't perform miracles, 
  amir , how they flip you so fast ma nigha ? 
  kobe . 
  the only player that gets called selfish when he shoots too much and when he does n't shoot enough . 
  truly one of a kind , god bless, 
  i guess i 'm a guy, 
  honestly i ca n't stand selfish players . 
  i 'm looking for anybody that understands that you need to pass in order to win on blacktop games . 
  add me on ps4 kuvani-krompir, 
  i 'm a 88 overall sf , plays team ball, 
  dude ... how ... fricking annoying is that, 
  not gon na lie i just bought a shit ton of points cause i 'm an idiot . 
  anyways , even with that my player fully maxed out at only a 88 overall . 
  there is no way to reallocate the points so my guy has really good outside scoring but ca n't make a layup . 
  2k needs your donations sucka, 
  plus you dominate those years . 
  honestly your career does n't start till after your rookie year . 
  as soon as you get that stupid story out of the way, 
  sunset, 
  sunset, 
  maybe like 60 $, 
  yeah apparently you 're right, 
  yup it was a really emotional `` it 's just business '' move . 
  he had some sick chemistry with demar , weems and amir . 
  kinda ... 
  you know the nba is back when you hear rose got injured, 
  except wade did n't call in sick, 
  man the fact that vasquez got them in ot by some odd miracle and they still could n't pull away with all that momentum is astonishing . 
  very embarrassing for the raptors, 
  dwyane wades 2006 finals performance . 
  ever since he got drafted the whole league and world were talking about lebron and carmelo . 
  that just fuelled wades fire , ( watch `` the undeniable rise of dwyane wade '' ) watching him be that man in that finals series and then finally hoisting up that trophy made me love the guy and the team . 
  been a heat fan ever since he got drafted, 
  sam mitchell was lucky enough to coach two of the best pf of all time . 
  kg and bargnani, 
  paul george is almost , if not is , 6 `` 10 . 
  terrible comparison . 
  comparing demars style of play to kobes makes complete sense . 
  even though they are miles apart in terms of talent, 
  people do n't understand what back surgery can do to a player of that size , or any size really . 
  all your body 's athletic functions stem from your back . 
  i think he 's still elite because there are n't many good centres in the league . 
  but we have some great prospects in drummond and whiteside, 
  kg probably getting tired of getting forced to watch tapes of bargnani . 
  mitchell : '' pay attention to his footwork kevin !, 
  that is greatness right there ! '', 
  is there an actual app for ballstreams or is just though browser ? 
  cause it says it works with gaming consoles and mobile ... just curious and google could n't really answer it for me , thanks . 
  which was precisely the problem , cause bargs is a 7ft sf, 
  weird i ca n't seem to find it, 
  can you tone it down please ... god, 
  raptors should sign him ... 
  thank god we did n't . 
  by god i mean pat riley, 
  swoosh right over your head, 
  weather in toronto is n't much different from detroit , new york , boston , minnesota, 
  lol glad we agree on the weather thing . 
  but i ca n't stand drakes influence on our city , i 'm just waiting to see ovo inspired blue jay gear before i go ape shit, 
  i disagree . 
  drake has nothing to do with the beauty of toronto . 
  toronto has always been an awesome city . 
  players are definitely not considering toronto as a landing spot because of drake . 
  one weekend in the city will have you sold , do n't need some average rapper to convince you . 
  he hopped on the raptors banwagon just as fast as everybody else three years ago . 
  60 million dollars . 
  was there even any cavs fans back then ? 
  livin ' da dream, 
  and i thought i was the only one that sees that . . 
  dawg ... 
  unfortunately, 
  you just crossed the line . . 
  stephen a. smith : '' i 've spoken to numerous folks inside curry 's circle that are suggesting he 's interested in signing with the lakers with durant , westbrook , lebron and carmelo . '', 
  ... if he counts as a centre, 
  would somebody mind explaining where this expansion will get added onto ? 
  is it my pre-existing file ? 
  my ng + file or is gon na be a separate new one just for this ... sorry not familiar with this whole ordeal,
