  his presence alone would benefit our young guys alot . 
  but i agree it would potentially hinder our goal of getting a top 5 pick . 
  point made . 
  i 'd rather go after hayward alone . 
  i swear if we win tonight i 'm gon na be pissed, 
  for killing tj ford ? 
  amen to that , fuck al hordford, 
  seriously hope you guys shoot like 60 % all game, 
  i hope booker goes off and shows the whole world why he was a better choice over winslow again, 
  reading this just leaves me flabbergasted, 
  i hope we 're the only ones in this game thread so we can do this all game long, 
  in a year or two you wo n't be downvoted for this, 
  russians hacked the game clock, 
  a very shitty one to say the least, 
  they crossed swords, 
  he 's looking great so far tonight . 
  i hope he keeps it up, 
  dude straight up said his second option after chicago was denver . 
  like , pat fucked that shit up royally . 
  djokovic step aside . 
  there 's a new joker in town, 
  we got this, 
  no he 's still alive . 
  they 're about neck and neck if you ask me . 
  strictly preference , and i prefer lowry over wall . 
  wade exploited himself cause injuries caught up to him those last two years of the big 3 . 
  last year was the healthiest he 's been since 2012 and he showed that as well , of course his defense took a nose dive cause he 's just older, 
  demar was hitting some tough ass shots last night , kawhi made him work for it though, 
  huh ? 
  out of rose , melo and , courtney lee is second best ? 
  yeahh it 's the standard serb nickname for novak, 
  spell it right, 
  rip, 
  gim me the bean , not somewhat open though . 
  i want at least three defenders contesting his shot, 
  are you kidding ? 
  media salivates over this type of shit, 
  one that ends in a game winner in your city ? 
  he 's been trash this year, 
  snekkkk, 
  `` and dray make me weak when he deep throat '', 
  proper usage, 
  fuck the both of you, 
  `` chase center - for all the ring chasers '', 
  that 's stupid , mines better, 
  chill dude , we had 4 years of the same douchebags like me making uneducated comments like this . 
  luckily the heatles did n't take place in a peak meme era . 
  lmao nice toss really, 
  where did he touch you ? 
  i know . 
  i do n't we 've ever received a proper explanation for this, 
  this same injury set mkgs shooting development soooo far back, 
  stupid fucking beaches and nice weather , it gets depressing, 
  i 'll be surprised if anybody comes up with an actual answer to this . 
  the question was 2 regular all stars . 
  i think everyone agrees that kd and ad are basically in the top echelon of current superstars . 
  yeah . 
  i can think of multiple duos i 'd rather have than lebron . 
  but it 's super hard to find two players like lowry/paul george ? 
  still taking lebron, 
  russ ' farewell tour , enjoy, 
  so 3 second calls are actually 5 seconds and 5 second calls are actually 7 ? 
  nba is confusing, 
  milwaukee , greece ? 
  lebrons back at this point must be reinforced with a tungsten or diamond plate of some sort from all the team carrying he 's done over his entire career . 
  think you 're being a little dramatic, 
  not too bad of a list , just curious . 
  why dwight over hassan ? 
  maybe i 'm just bias . 
  i also think valunciunas could squeak in over adams and jokic, 
  no i agree with that , i mean our roster is pretty trash but i also question his effort alot at times . 
  but i still think he has a bigger impact than dwight today . 
  hassan the last two years was perceived as a defensive stopper but now all of a sudden his offense seems more valuable and consistent than his defense . 
  wade 's athletic decline after 2012 was no joke, 
  while giannis is the best player between anyone on toronto and milwaukee , toronto still is the better team . 
  i do n't think it 'll happen this year , but next year for sure they can take that leap forward and be a top 2 team in the east, 
  somebody should keep track of her menstrual cycle, 
  i would n't say it 's the only reason but yeah it looks good on the nba having a female official, 
  brad stevens , youngest coach with the oldest looking pictures here, 
  i ate some ass last night too, 
  yeah honestly i feel like wade has done a great job even through out his decline to stay relevant and contribute at a high level . 
  crazy to think he 's gon na 35 in less than two weeks, 
  9/10 it 's prime wade, 
  then proceed to kill it in the jew league ? 
  texts tony :, 
  `` are we having pasta or cheese pizza tonight ? '', 
  melo , a true leader, 
  and thus a new nickmeme was born, 
  lmao my man ... that 's fucking mint, 
  this season on r/nba is really missing chris bosh related threads :'(, 
  yes, 
  mods should let us vote in a reddit all star team and see how it will differ from the actual teams, 
  he 's not, 
  good god you 're right . 
  starting point guard would be aaron baynes, 
  why do you believe rondo would help you guys ? 
  just curious, 
  i agree 100 % , good analysis . 
  fuck you for signing wade, 
  gms trying to help the cavs destroy the sith lord in the west,
