  who wants to compete with golden state though ? 
  lebron will start declining ijbthe next 2-4 years and the east will be wide open . 
  i think more west stars will be coming over just because of that, 
  that kim jong kush is el fuego, 
  how many pressures did he add and subtract to come up with that ? 
  i 'm just gon na shit, 
  man pls it would be amazing, 
  yes . 
  kobe praising kyrie for having that `` mamba mentality '' is a compliment . 
  not sure why you think it 's such a bad thing, 
  yeah maybe we should call it uncle drew mode since he 's only effective on one side of the court , you 're right , mamba mentality might be too high praise for him . 
  wade was already a stud on defense but i 'm sure kobe helped him out in a few areas . 
  there 's not much time to work on technique in a short olympic summer . 
  lmao it 's only 24mil man come on, 
  10/10 got rooked, 
  it 's almost like the calls are consistent, 
  he should get cufflinks instead of a ring for his coattail riding ass, 
  what a terrible mom, 
  e : / s. ... really ? 
  i love how it 's presented . 
  nothing is overdone , it does n't try to sell you on anything . 
  just broadens your perspective on what a mysterious and advanced civilization roamed the earth for thousands of years . 
  more people will remember last year 's finals over this one . 
  already seems so irrelevant, 
  would be stupid of them to decline that . 
  unless together better offers, 
  the regular season was actually more exciting than the playoffs, 
  i am ? 
  i 'm just saying , even when the buzzer sounded last night and steph and durant were all hyped punching eachother in the chest , it felt so weak . 
  there was never any doubt about the outcome of this year , zero magic in the playoffs , 10/10 not the hardest road . 
  i guess that would make more sense you 're right, 
  i am the people, 
  the superbowl was n't weak and i had no dog in the fight . 
  same with last year 's world series and this year 's stanley cup . 
  i 'm a huge nba fan and was ecstatic for the warriors in 2015 . 
  this year feels so meh to me . 
  i really do n't think i 'm the only one that feels this way ... 
  it would be hilarious if the whole league just stopped competing, 
  this has n't even been confirmed and it 's top post on r/all, 
  jesus we 're really gon na have to put up with this shit for a whole year ? 
  have n't started it yet !, 
  damn i feel bad for you that an old guys average a triple double against your team, 
  lebron should go to new orleans with cp3, 
  come up with a new cba that allows it, 
  when even is it ? 
  best way to boycott , not to know when it is, 
  but witcher 3, 
  see you guys on draft day r/nba and then probably around vegas summer league, 
  :( you 're right, 
  dion will average 20-5-5, 
  this is sad, 
  are you kidding me , could you imagine that was our name, 
  honestly hope we take him at 14, 
  winslow has potential to be a solid player , but fuck me , pat should 've done that deal . 
  when you 're out of the loop on the latest meme , feels bad man, 
  do n't get the spalding never flat , fucking trash, 
  hell yeah same here . 
  ca n't believe i spent 60 $ on that shit, 
  think you guys need to chill . 
  this deal really works in favor of boston, 
  definitely will peep, 
  especially before making major decisions , get all the emotions out the way, 
  we 've seen it before, 
  lebron for picks ? 
  still would smash, 
  he left, 
  resurrect david blatt for the memes, 
  she gone, 
  hell yeah , toronto is a great fucking city, 
  considering his age ... i think he did, 
  well yeah it was completely stupid to give him 48 mil over 2 years , no argument there, 
  bacardi would be dope, 
  stay goofy orlando, 
  do the kid a solid phil, 
  lmao take a worse version of what you already have, 
  regular season was fun , just boycott the playoffs, 
  so our cocaine export companies might work, 
  and white, 
  good god pg13 would work wonders on that team . 
  wo n't be able to double demar as much, 
  hassan and zingis would be special, 
  cavs is die, 
  pat work some magic pls, 
  he was pretty good when healthy , shame he could n't stay on the court . 
  rip in peace big serbian galoot, 
  i can get high off sage ? 
  did n't know i could read russian, 
  same shit we 're all the same, 
  see you next year vet min buddy , cash out bro, 
  that 's it brother, 
  lol but the sixers deal was a grand slam even though it involved 3 players who barely played ? 
  lakers and nets did what they had to do with this move and no , you do n't have to wait 2 years to see this . 
  yeah but fuck boston, 
  kobe is a fucking serial killer, 
  how many options you got if you only got one option ? 
  croatia and the adriatic coast is definitely europe 's hidden gem , good for you man glad you enjoyed it !, 
  i think pg could only improve ingrams development, 
  rondo convinced him they can beat the cavs next year, 
  kinda wanted to see what a team would look like built around a 35 year old wade and rondo, 
  damn , put his ass in the sunken place,
