  like an olympic swimmer, 
  what guy ? 
  gsw, 
  little dramatic, 
  i highly disagree, 
  probably some youtube guys, 
  world 's been fucked up for decades , i think it can survive donald trump lol . 
  he 's a moron but far worse has happened in history so you guys need to chill, 
  the hell does that even mean man ? 
  reverse alley oop hesi pull up jimbo jam, 
  hi tyler , it 's me , your mother, 
  i got a wade one but i fucked it up in the washer i think , the numbers are faded and wrinkled ... i was pissed, 
  the maury episode we all deserve, 
  your arm is better, 
  with the way these ratings are going , dion better at least be a 93, 
  damn right, 
  probably includes one of the 2 , which is very stupid imo . 
  2k9 dunk contest format was amazingly fun, 
  man spo does n't care about positions , and honestly the whole league is going towards that direction . 
  you can play jrich at sf if you wanted to for little spurts here and there , just goes to show how deep our rotation is . 
  17-18 heat, 
  i mean ... not too crazy to believe that a 29-33 year old durant might be better than a 26-30 year old kawhi, 
  smh, 
  which i 'm actually so trash at , i dont think i 've won a single dunk contest since, 
  i 've consumed dozens of jars in single sittings high as hell . 
  eating nutella out the jar with a spoon is my guilty pleasure, 
  i 'm not big on the faked moon landing conspiracy , only thing i need clarification on is why we have n't been able to go back or why have only remained in low earth orbit over the past decades . 
  i dont get it, 
  makes sense . 
  he had the tools . 
  he even kept it together for quite some time in minnesota . 
  hassan actually looks mad lol, 
  anything to get drummond off the roster, 
  i think the pistons do n't need him and that contract right now , he 's a good player that could benefit from a fresh start and change of scenery i think . 
  i really hope we snag him . 
  i 'll take those 10pts and 7rebs off the bench please, 
  literally impossible, 
  holy shit !, 
  jv with the finese . 
  hope he 's done with the bulking experiment , he does n't need to be one of those extinct slow centers , he 's skilled enough and has pretty good range . 
  seriously , they failed to realize his talent . 
  can definitely reward a player for playing into his 40s though, 
  everyone looks skinnier in africa, 
  yeah right, 
  a war to stop a war, 
  woah ... 
  looks like we got ourselves a coming out party, 
  i 'm serbian , this is fun, 
  come on man , take the homer glasses off, 
  if lonzo averages 8pts 6ast and 5rebs id be surprised, 
  i would be ecstatic with 7pts 5reb, 
  most people have him as roy, 
  i dont see any comic sans, 
  yeah and your opinion is based off of your fandom of the miami heat . 
  i love dragic , but hes not top 10 in the league , he 's in the 13-15 slot which is really good still . 
  overrated defense . 
  there 's a reason he struggles year in and year out to stay on a roster . 
  lot of weed transactions, 
  the fuck kinda bragging right is that, 
  i would hate that, 
  we could just not watch any warrior games , give them zero attention, 
  would you have ever thought that demar would blossom into the player he is today after his rookie outing ? 
  how can people write off a 20 year old kid so fast is beyond me . 
  right but winslows defense is better now as a 20 year old than demar in his prime . 
  he does n't need to average 25ppg to be relevant in this league . 
  i really hope we do n't trade him so he can slowly start proving all his doubters wrong . 
  never said i 'd stop watching heat basketball, 
  i would hate that deal, 
  black magic elf mother fucker, 
  god damn that score, 
  same here, 
  somehow knicks will run it all the way back for a safety, 
  what 's up with all these canadian muslims crossing over ? 
  like i do n't get it, 
  e : guess nobody remembers this reference, 
  i know lol oh well , i thought that shit was hilarious, 
  haha that 's what it was , true !, 
  no such thing, 
  this new twitter format on mobile is absolute aids, 
  light years ahead, 
  i think the vice scheme needs to be more subtle . 
  a lot of these concepts i see are too overpowering with the pink and teal, 
  this is exactly how pop wants it, 
  damn that 's most hi-res sasquatch pic i 've ever seeen, 
  rape culture, 
  lol 72 . 
  should be at least 85, 
  now take a look at the progress of some other sports titles like fifa or mlb the show since then, 
  way it should be, 
  thank you dion, 
  and i 'd take that sweet lawsuit payout , no ragrets, 
  nice . 
  fuck the warriors, 
  that 's a bullshit cop out . 
  the mavs won some very close games thanks to them not lebron . 
  ca n't stand when people try to diminish another teams success with bullshit `` what if '' scenarios . 
  fuck this new twitter format on mobile, 
  also miami with shaq at center, 
  ca n't believe people are falling for this north korea bullshit . 
  even if a strike happened , it would n't ignite a third world war .
