  yeah jordan is taking that shot and probably nailing it, 
  did n't need to, 
  when it 's all said and done . 
  no matter what , you ca n't erase 2011 unfortunately, 
  well yeah , jordan is dumb for going to play baseball . 
  let 's not act like 6 finals appearances is a little though . 
  he worked his ass off to get through the pistons, 
  i 'm sure lebron would love to give up some of his first round victories to be unblemished in the finals . 
  i do n't disagree with that . 
  i 'm just saying you think jordan really cares that he lost in the first round ? 
  did n't lebron even say himself after 2015 '' what 's the point of even getting here if we 're just gon na lose ? '', 
  or at least something along those lines . 
  honestly man i 'm not hating on lebron i have him right under jordan for all time . 
  this is just reasoning as to why jordan is viewed as the basketball god . 
  he just is , maybe it was timing , maybe lebron will take that spot in future , who knows . 
  only time will tell , but for now , jordan is # 1 still . 
  i dislike goat conversations and comparisons aswell . 
  mostly because i love both lbj and mj . 
  they are the goats of their respective eras , you are right . 
  lol , jakob is like `` what do i do guys !? '', 
  thank god for that hump, 
  casey expanding the secrit plays, 
  steve really trying to live rent free, 
  i wish he would roll up 15k worth in quarters and send it to the league, 
  on mobile the differnce is night and day, 
  yeah , he 's basically just a small fast center . 
  snow, 
  miami tanks, 
  presti , pull some strings please, 
  working 65 + hours a week , including weekends . 
  so i 'm really looking forward to this weekend -_-, 
  wait a minute , you would tell your boys gf if hes cheating on her ? 
  that 's kinda lame . 
  i would advise him not to do it , but definitely would n't get involved or give him up . 
  it 's really none of your business , no ? 
  you 're the type that would tell her and then try to swoop in and grab her . 
  that shoulder to cry on type ? 
  once you relay the info , you 're officially involved . 
  ca n't just hop out no matter what you think . 
  your boys gon na break ties with you , his girl might thank you . 
  but really you do n't gain anything , just lose a good friend over some stupid shit he 's doing that 's got nothing to do with your friendship . 
  right . 
  cheating is bad , everyone knows this . 
  if it was some random person , i might get a thrill out of telling their partner . 
  my friend ? 
  hell no , you guys are nuts . 
  i would definitely try and convince him to stop , or to break up with his main girl . 
  i 'm not gon na give up my friend just to feel good about my self cause i believe i did the right thing . 
  lol bro he 's not cheating on you . 
  you 're telling me you do n't have a friend who did something wrong at some point in their life ? 
  so you 're perfect ? 
  you do n't have a friend with a criminal record perhaps ? 
  or a friend that cheated on math test in highschool ? 
  are you an angel ? 
  he 's going to houston, 
  exactly what i said, 
  would a cp3 and hassan duo be scarier than cp3 and dj ? 
  i 'm honestly not even sure, 
  e : kind of a shitshow discussion unfolded underneath . 
  too much bias . 
  i think in a vacuum hassan might be the better option , but dj works alot better than hassan would for the clippers . 
  heat fans need to realize , while hassan is putting up great numbers , his offensive game is n't that much better , if not at all better , than any other top 5 center in the league right now . 
  yes sir , except this was a 1.25 dijet cutter . 
  when i retracted the spindle it just let loose on the stud and it stayed planted in like this . 
  was a bitch to get out , felt like king arthur pulling out excalibur . 
  i think so too . 
  i agree with what you 're saying , but that 's abit of a reach calling him a glorified gortat . 
  nah it was just a cavity clamp plate , i even buffed the cutter out . 
  5.2 rebs a game , 7.0 ft tall . 
  fucking catalina wine mixer, 
  or he 's being careful about these allegations , which could potentially harm his career if he forces the hand too much . 
  surprisingly , no damage at all, 
  bring me his head !, 
  i 'll keep this option open, 
  and in terms of exercise ? 
  just shit tons of cardio ? 
  2 threes !? 
  holy fuck this guy 's nuts, 
  people do n't seem to understand . 
  if world events keep up with this current trajectory , 2017 is looking to be alot worse . 
  so cherish these last few days in 2016 . 
  pg in south beach pls, 
  i do n't understand the purpose of this . 
  feels like it was made during this whole fiasco . 
  can anyone verify it was uploaded in 2013 along with the description ? 
  if it really was posted almost 4 years ... then this is really fucked up, 
  hmm , that 's fucking weird . 
  i 'm just being skeptical cause this is kind of a `` too good to be true '' type of video for conspiracy theorists regarding pizzagate . 
  almost to the equivalent of hypothetically finding a video dating back to 1999 of politicians playing around with toy planes and throwing them into buildings . 
  the fact that this video is not new certainly raises my eyebrow . 
  if anything it confirms the `` pedo code words '' . 
  pizza references have obviously been around within pedo rings for a very long time , they probably get a kick of doing it subliminally . 
  you seem to be right . 
  i wish the two older comments were more than just `` i love it '' and `` oh '' . 
  after that all the comments are within a week old . 
  i 'm honestly not even sure what to make of this as of right now . 
  if i find out that these fuckers somehow infected ninja turtles with this disgusting shit i 'm putting together a millitia, 
  thank you , i knew there had to have been a logical explanation for this . 
  like i said in my previous comment , it just seemed `` too good to be true '' to be directly related to pizzagate and comet pizza . 
  seriously germany is so dense and overpopulated for its size .
