  dwyane wade is a good deep layupper *, 
  they were beatable before they lost to the cavs . 
  kd made them look beatable , now he fucked everything up :(, 
  yeah this brain-dead , super talented , music artist and supreme lyricist is real good, 
  god emperor, 
  yeah , like life, 
  he most definitely was, 
  they have created a different style of music . 
  therefore they should be categorized in a different genres of music . 
  not rap/hiphop , cause that 's not what it is . 
  come here hoe , mistletoe, 
  i got birdies , crows, 
  lil bitty bitch wan na jump on this dick, 
  i 'm like boo let 's get it , let 's get it, 
  i got these bitches kissing on these bitches, 
  i ca n't even count em ' i fuck by the digits, 
  swag , terrific , i might fuck this bitch in the kitchen, 
  baby do n't use dirty dishes or else you might whip up a brrrr, 
  my neck , my wrist is a brrrr, 
  she wan na fuck my dawg i 'm like rufff, 
  panoramic roof i drive the coupe too, 
  pull up with a bitch that look like new new, 
  its okay if i lie to you bitch my swag the truth, 
  aye she come right back that 's what them diamonds do, 
  50,000 on 50 niggas no caliber, 
  you 're kidding right ? 
  in that case , please enlighten me and show lyrical genius being put on display by young thug . 
  legends are n't built in the regular season though, 
  i always felt fine with wade hero ball . 
  can everyone please vote for anybody but clinton or trump, 
  i mean i sort of agree , i just think they are both equally unfit for the job . 
  we can argue all day long who the lesser evil is , but is that what a presidential election is about ? 
  clinton belongs in prison , which in my opinion equals out trump 's bigotry . 
  he 's just a moron , but he 's not a criminal, 
  you see what i mean , we just started naturally arguing over who is worse despite both of us knowing that they are both bad candidates . 
  this is exactly what i mean , we can do this all day . 
  newsflash buddy , not sure how much you travel , but we 've been the laughing stock of the whole world to most nations for quite a while now . 
  you 're missing the point man ... 
  so why not vote for neither ? 
  well for us users it was 100 % legal . 
  lol no dude , if you subscribed to ball streams you were n't breaking any law . 
  ballstreams on the other hand , was . 
  how the fuck is it obvious ? 
  based on what ? 
  i 'll take big balls kobe over shriveled up turtle head kd any time . 
  i think your definitions of legal/illegal or being confused by right/wrong . 
  i 'll let you be though, 
  there are other options ... 
  you have yet to make an argument, 
  while nhl players are known scrappers and play a full contact sport , how would the average player try and take down a guy like steven adams ? 
  if you 're going pound for pound , nhl takes it by a long shit . 
  if it 's an all out royal rumble , some of nba s big boys could take on 2-4 guys at a time, 
  ok he would pose a serious threat , stick mwp on him or james johnson, 
  yeah but not every nhl player is a rough tough sum ' bitch, 
  probably deserved it, 
  sorry i think dj is a wimp, 
  right but jerseying somebody and throwing hay makers is n't really an orthodox fight, 
  oh for sure , he 's just not somebody that pops up in my head when i think of nba tough guys, 
  that , and his funny looking face . 
  does n't look that intimidating compared to other centres . 
  i 'm sure he would fuck shit up though , he 'd break every bone in my body, 
  -_- when your phone autocorrects to swear words, 
  zero childhood, 
  that just proves my point even further . 
  i 'm saying the only fighting we see nhl ers do are jersey type haymakers . 
  i do n't know how that translates into an actual street fight . 
  are you giving them away ? 
  can i have them ? 
  hey that was a good series ... 
  just one, 
  what sport has more orthodox christians ? 
  ... on skates, 
  was anyone even mad after we lost wade ? 
  everybody was just depressed and super sad . 
  of course we 're gon na a be mad when lebron left , if he was on the raptors for 4 years and left after losing in the finals i doubt you 'd be too happy . 
  since then though most miami fans have always thanked and appreciated the amazing run lebron fueled here for 4 years . 
  you would be mad at first stop lying . 
  it 's natural to feel a little salty after the best player on the planet just left . 
  of course after you start admiring all the things he 's done for the organization , but as a fan that 's not your initial reaction , you 're full of shit . 
  i 'm saying initially . 
  i ca n't find a single miami fan that 's still mad about lebron leaving . 
  literally first thread is a `` thank you lebron '' thread, 
  time heals all wounds , which is exactly my point . 
  you were n't happy initially when carter left , no matter what he did or did n't do in his time there . 
  yes there was no championship s , no fan is happy when a special player leaves their desired franchise . 
  not at first at least , and you can sy you 're happy * for * him but that does n't mean you wish he was n't on your team . 
  i 'm happy for lebron but i 'd be lying if i told you i did n't want him in miami . 
  kobe is gq as fuck, 
  i do n't care who it is . 
  kd never won shit for okc name one fan that was happy when he left . 
  bosh did n't do much for y' all but i bet you were pissed when he left cause he was a special player . 
  so yeah when a super special player leaves , some people might get angry , the fuck do you expect . 
  i know , you 're absolutely right . 
  were you guys celebrating though ? 
  i 'm sure most fans were bummed like `` damn we just lost in the first round again * and * on top of all that we just lost our best player '', 
  i 'm just defending every fans right for being upset when they lose a very special player , which is an understatement when talking about lebron . 
  game 1-4 , no flood . 
  warrior lose, 
  i do n't think i 'll ever forget kobes last game, 
  ca n't wait to see these guys in action together next season,
