best iberia is west iberia, 
  ahhh thank you , makes sense . 
  your link is messed up though because of the missing parenthesis, 
  its from the / r/parahumans subreddit ( dont ask me wtf is going on there ) the rest of the body is underneath , i think it was a neat incorporation . 
  i liked when they threw the little hat on him . 
  yup , my tiny ass town im in ( usa ) used to have the most bars per square mile in all of the u.s. and were a low population town that is only about a square mile, 
  the best one there , totally not biased at all though, 
  low hanging fruit . 
  when youre making comics all day your standards start dropping edit : actually ithink i misunderstood what you meant, 
  how would poland be for a tourist that only speaks english/portuguese ? 
  what vinho do you get from lourinha ? 
  i grew up in the area and i dont really remember much other than family making their own wine from their small vineyards . 
  im beyond biased as fuck but this is my favorite anthem , gets me pumped by the end . 
  :( lets mate , mate, 
  [ found a new way to divide europe ] ( http://imgur.com/czuv48t ), 
  ahh i see , thank you for the explanation, 
  was this in protest to a specific thing ? 
  sorry i dont really know what is happening exactly in turkey . 
  never realized how much i wanted to go to ireland, 
  sounds like im trying eavesdrop on german, 
  hohohoh im using this psa : if you guys have sunny d in europe , try it out when making sangria, 
  haha you know it, 
  nj/ny has nasty water but it makes the pizza and bagels better than anywhere else . 
  clean = / = good for some reason, 
  you get used to it after a while , sometimes i want a nice espresso after a meal or in the morning . 
  or sometimes i want a big ass cup of coffee to keep me warm during the morning and to have something to sip on . 
  something something we are not attracted to pigs, 
  kinda bummed they just have the northern portugal ones but i understand , there is a lot missing from a lot of places ( a lot of brasil though ), 
  sorry , my blame spain genes kicked in before i realized that, 
  oh no you didnt summoning / r/portugalcaralho for reinforcements, 
  makes sense to me, 
  only know this because of sc heerenveen , something very nice about the design . 
  if this covers masturbation , im in . 
  caralho is universal , it was carved into that golden disc thing they shot into space, 
  portuguese are zerg, 
  all i see when im there is hash :(, 
  to be fair , most places are . 
  source : me, 
  yes in madeira and in the continent too, 
  this is true but i feel there are still an abnormal amount of fires , so many seem to come from `` foul play '', 
  wow , didnt realize how bare spain is in population, 
  very nice of us , the chinese should pay us back in lavish gifts . 
  its so sad the amount of fires in the summer of there , i dont understand all the pyros and their mentality . 
  that sounds like how i thought it shouldve been . 
  i thought my french teacher was fucking with me when she was teaching us those numbers . 
  i just say kurwa ( or however its said/written ), 
  your whole number system fucked me up in school, 
  i feel the same about brasilians . 
  i remember my friend going `` your dad talks too fast to understand ! '', 
  and im like `` you talk too fast for me to understand ! '', 
  you guys arent proficient in english ? 
  i figured they taught it in schools from an earlier age like in portugal . 
  going off of my parents ( and other tugas over here ) its just that they rather we marry to portuguese instead, 
  thank you for the new meaning for that, 
  i was just in portugal and its so much harder to find it there than in the us ( im talking in like restaurants , not supermarkets and stuff ) . 
  im guessing its because of all the brazilians here . 
  pineapple and passionfruit get overlooked but theyre soooo good, 
  whats it taste like ? 
  im getting urges to order it online, 
  i know a portuguese restaurant called portugalia , doesnt sound too silly as it sounds like a portuguese word, 
  people do this in the midwest ( usa ) too , it was weird seeing my ex and her family eating bbq and drinking milk, 
  thats how inefficient we are, 
   it may be that airbnb is making more-efficient use of housing -- letting it be filled more fully , keeping summer houses from going unused -- in a way that dedicated hotels can not . 
  if so , it 's improving efficiency , and i am sympathetic to airbnb . 
  i dont agree with that last part at all . 
  all it does is make those with money , buy more properties to then air bnb them to tourists while locals can no longer afford to live there . 
  there is a new law now in portugal saying you cant have more than 2 buildings ( i think ) being air bnb , the rest have to be rented out full time . 
  whats happening now are people are getting priced out of the bigger cities because of air bnb , i think theyre doing a new law where you cant have more than one residence thats bnb , the rest need to be rented out full time . 
  noticed so many tourists in portugal this year . 
  a lot of americans too , first time i flew out to portugal from newark with primarily non-portuguese people on board . 
  sintra was a mess , i cant imagine it in august, 
  i know a lot of immigrants that worked construction in canada and they always said they preferred the winters there which i thought was strange , but now i understand . 
  stupid sexy spaniard, 
  we need tapas culture, 
  exactly , i love portugals weather in the summer . 
  it can get super hot but its dry so its comfortable . 
  in the us its 80 degrees and unbearable because of the humidity . 
  same with portuguese , basically most things that start with al are of arab origin . 
   iberian languages descend from vulgar latin caralho !, 
  they still have those weird jews here ( usa ) that when they do the circumcision they have the mohel suck the blood from the babies area , which btw increases the herpes rate exponentially among those kids . 
  wtf man , this shit is disgusting and barbaric , it should be banned . 
  didnt realize we were that big on that . 
  do the dutch use national brands for their bikes ? 
  ny is expensive, 
  never forget our glorious 2d empire, 
  i do not approve, 
  look at me , i am the cod now, 
  haha sad but first thing i thought of too, 
  reminds me of my grandmas old house , except less run down, 
  i feel most americans felt it doesnt matter who is elected , the outcome is the same, 
  yeah , especially noticeable on the edge of the cliff up on top, 
  hows the english proficiency ? 
  im afraid i cant speak a lick of romanian, 
  how chill is romania ? 
  can it, 
  ahhhhh that makes a lot of sense , thanks !, 
  i dont get the joke :(, 
  well like i mentioned 2 urban areas next to each other have huge price differences, 
  wear them as a chain around your neck . 
  dont * follow * fashion * be * fashion,
