  [ world of warcraft ] ( http://wowwiki.wikia.com/wiki/treant ), 
  why dota 2 core items are more cheap than lol core items ? 
  somehow without thinking i compared dota 2 core items with lol offensive/defensive items + essential items . 
  so rephrasing my question : dota 2 core items are like lol essential items and dota 2 situational items are like lol offensive/defensive items ? 
  thank you . 
  how to act when someone makes a fallacy ? 
  according to `` fallacy '' fallacy you ca n't say immediately that she/he is wrong just because of fallacy in argument . 
  so you should say that `` you made a mistake in your reasoning and you should try to present your argument without fallacies if you want to convince me '' and not `` you are wrong , because x fallacy '' ? 
  instead blaming lag now you can blame bug . 
  is percentage of abandoned games completely removed from dota 2 reborn or is somewhere hidden ? 
  will i be able to watch live matches free in-game ? 
  is being all 5 together from very beginning ( or after about 5 min . 
  of i.e. 
  2-1-2 farming to get experience ) to the end of game is equal to win ? 
  unpermalinked , unsaved , steal gold , unreplied . 
  summer is over . 
  work work . 
  so it is same as we can not see stars in day or even in night in city with many lights ? 
  on saturday evening/noon for eu/us ? 
  needs nsfw tag . 
  and imagine paying to keep up with her ( paying for heroes and masteries in lol ) . 
  same problem . 
  restarted dota then steam and still same . 
  what percentage of games do you abandon ? 
  if you buy left 4 dead 2 do you also get unnecessary left 4 dead 2 beta in library ? 
  when did you buy ? 
  seems legit . 
  what is more important : to pick good counter hero but be just average or pick hero that you like and you are very good at him ? 
  some say to chat why ca n't you just watch youtube , when chat asks to host bob ross and broadcaster say they will host him . 
  but difference between watching just video and watching live with your community and kappas are different experience . 
  what if you destroy all buildings but your opponent still have plenty resources and workers to build again ? 
  so any news on bringing warcraft : orcs & humans to life ? 
  so like 3-4 months . 
  i do n't know how this works now , but they can simply fix this by adding email , phone app confirmation and things like 3 days duration until game is removed completely ( like recycle bin but with time lock ), 
  i thought that this is just clickbait . 
  just wow . 
  and same for cs 1.6 , dod and other games that came from half-life 1 ? 
  or there was problem only in cs : s and other source games ? 
  definitely get dirt rally . 
  mine changed from english to russian then to germany or dutch language . 
  read this in futurama voice, 
  i freezed no matter what for 10 days . 
  if it is just rendered then it means you can not make changes to others account like edit , remove information for credit card , phone numbers , remove free to play games , etc. 
  in 2015 i started and finished all starcraft , half-life , portal games ( from first to last ) . 
  just casue 2 , castle crashers . 
  i fucking cant hold hype knowing that amazing mod tools are coming !!!!, 
  where can you buy warcraft 2 ? 
  arma 3, 
  and some say that pixelated lambda sign is just jpeg thing and not purposefully put . 
  `` perhaps might as well throw in some kind of an arg for fun in there '', 
  put arg about portal 3 , half-life 3 every sunday and i will investigate and then laugh more than watching tv comedy series every sunday . 
  so there is no point of getting standart plan ? 
  by polls this election campaign looks like nazism ( trump ) vs communism ( bernie ) . 
  naked hillary, 
  so impartiality in supreme court is non existent ? 
  or it is just justices that are appointed by democrats thinks more scientifically/logically and justices apointed by republicans thinks with bible in their head ? 
  when steam introduced refunds they prety much must solve those problems . 
  is it worth getting now if i am not `` burned out '' and not discovered more than half items in rebirth ? 
  bought, 
  is marco rubio taxes considered as progressive taxes ( democratic party thing ) ? 
  where did you get that information ? 
  marco rubio on cnn said that it is false . 
  mine russian, 
  it is not hard for russian trolls to make tons of accounts and throw golds and upvotes . 
  1000 upvotes can change many people opinions . 
  it is just `` let 's have a war because it 's fun '' or there are some variables that forces you to have a war ? 
  for example in counter-strike , as a terrorist if you want to win you ca n't just stand in spawn , you must go and plant a bomb or kill every counter-terrorist to win and do this before time runs out . 
  something else bigger, 
  fuck parents who teach their kids since they are born about invisible man . 
  it is not just reddit . 
  take any website that is popular and discuses us , eu , israel and russian politics . 
  russian trolls and useful idiots works day and night to change your opinions . 
  it is not hard for them to create bunch of accounts and downvote everything that says bad about them and upvote that can benefit . 
  i ca n't wait for hillary vs trump debate . 
  it will be the easiest debates for hilary ever . 
  what nasty tricks ? 
  i doubt she will hear something new from republican side . 
  by the way , she can technically win the debates ( that what i meant ) , but could this help to get more voters for hillary that we will see . 
  so what is her stance now on tpp and ttip ? 
  who will pay for all these flairs ? 
  against what deal ? 
  do you or donald trump or bernie sanders have full finished document of ttip ? 
   corporate representatives with huge personal stakes in these deals write them . 
  name just one . 
   most elected officials advocating them have never seen them, 
  name just one who advocating ttip as finished document . 
   enormous political pressure is applied to force less powerful nations to sign on with little influence . 
  do you know that to pass ttip it needs to be aproved by eu parliament and eu council of ministers ( eu governments ) and us congress and french parliament ? 
   the public is not allowed any insight at all . 
  `` at all '' [ eu negotiating texts ] ( http://trade.ec.europa.eu/doclib/press/index.cfm?id=1230 ), 
  how many chapters do you see in that trade agreement ? 
  serious question . 
  how many people do n't want and what exactly ? 
  voting in us congress , eu parliament , eu council of ministers ( eu governments ) , french parliament will not start until whole finished document of ttip will be published for absolutely everyone . 
  constitutional court of lithuania said that lithuania is parliamentary republic with some semi-presidential government attributes . 
  [ source ( page 7 ) ] ( http://www.lrkt.lt/data/public/uploads/2015/04/1998-01-10_n_ruling.pdf ), 
  recently i learned that whenever you see a political discusion about anything always set comments to controversial . 
  this place is where real discussion can be . 
  not probably . 
  thats exactly what is happening .
