  it 's super gut . 
  btw , what 's the current situation of the greek debt crisis ? 
  it went quiet because of the whole imgrant/refugee clusterfuck . 
  also unreadable . 
  to house all the immigrants in leftover bunkers . 
  http://i58.tinypic.com/bdmjc1.jpg black and white version , could n't find the coloured one in high res . 
   he also made the polish president uncomfortable for simply being gay . 
  he had to sign a condolence book and go to his funeral when the president died . 
  despite knowing that the guy hated his ass . 
  well he did get the `` order of merit of the republic of poland '' in 2013 so i guess it 's ok ? 
  i 'm stealing this one . 
  duda does everything to win that title . 
  it 's a mobile bridge , the heaviest thing they have . 
  it weights over 62 metric tons . 
  a stryker ( as in pictures from poland ) weights about 19 metric tons . 
  one way out of this problem would be a reduction in fees proportional to the lost content . 
  england for english , and poles . 
   kontrafakt i did n't know slovaks had their own popek-cancer - `` rapper '' thing . 
  edit : formating, 
  i thought it was the place where the first booth selling fried calamari opened in sweden . 
  hands not brown enough . 
  a significant amount is used to produce booze probably . 
  its min 13 out of 15 judges , was 9 out of 15 , and 2/3 not 3/4 , was 51 % . 
  before lesser cases could be tried in even smaller groups . 
  also minimal time between notification and trial was increased to 6 months . 
  but it 's still terrible . 
  not the supreme court but the constitutional tribunal . 
  the highest instance . 
  chocolate prunes are marvellous !, 
  we have a chan ? 
  cancer in comments under the video as per usual . 
  sorry , poland can only into commonpoor . 
  you better take that back . 
  [ updated version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=euclghzuzaw ), 
  [ poland stronk , russia we war you !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qcy68cwdkve ), 
  a really bright future is before us . 
   airsoft guns even rubber bullet pistols are legal, 
  well the problem with vat is that it hurts the poorest the most because it 's not tied to earnings . 
  well your vat is through the roof for one . 
  pastelosis , final stadium . 
  user name checks out . 
  the old ones went to austria and the new ones stopped coming because winter ? 
  it 's a shame commies killed water transport in poland and moved almost all heavy transport to rail . 
  then again this year the rivers almost dried out so ... 
  something something wacht am rein, 
  top kek, 
  it does n't . 
  red star , best star . 
  i always wonder how much of r/gonewild is people pimping their ( ex ) girlfriends for karma / revenge . 
  why would a fish need a car door ? 
  annex plox and gib hartz iv . 
   d-class d1 to be precise . 
  ( a bit easier to get short bus licence ( 16 passengers max ) that can be upgraded to full d class ), 
  arbitrary colour picking . 
  who exactly decided that below 60 is good ( green ) and above 60 is bad ( red ) ? 
  number of people with ** overdue payments ** per 1000 inhabitants in poland . 
  well , i think that hydro power does n't do much polluting on it 's own . 
  poland has wykop , it 's a digg clone ( the old digg ) . 
  it 's also ridden with rightwingers , so most poles here are left wing refugees . 
  a bottle of drinkable w\u00f3dka costs around 5-7 euro here . 
  imported alcohol is n't as cheap though . 
  is this a good thing or a bad thing ? 
  it 's not an oil platform it was a ww2 anti aircraft platform . 
  well i did n't say you were wrong . 
  just wanted to expand it a bit . 
  on the 2006 renovation lift for wheelchair bounded passengers and conference space ( business class with a table between the seats ) were added . 
  it does look a bit dated to be honest . 
  the line is subsidised by german and polish governments , as it runs on a deficit , and since the a2 motorway to warsaw was completed the time savings are not as significant as they ware . 
  germany has no interest of building a high-speed link , and plans for high speed rail system in poland were suspended at least to 2030 after initial survey was made in 2010 . 
  so it 's what we 're stuck with . 
  cars were overhauled in 2006 and have a top speed of 200km/h , and are curentlly hauled by siemens eurosprinter locomotives top speed 230 km/h . 
  on the polish side almost entire track is rated for 160 km/h with exceptions of few 120 km/h stretches and city tracks which are rated for 50 km/h . 
  on the german side the entire stretch is rated for 120 km/h and they have no intention of improving it for the foreseeable future . 
  the acting is awkward as fuck . 
  heinz tastes like corn syrup with a dash of tomato . 
  d\u017cord\u017cja would look funny in polish . 
  the most popular types of brick are ordinary full orange clay bricks , foamed concrete bricks , ceramic honeycomb bricks and sometimes silka ( sand lyme ) bricks . 
  poland : almost all houses are made of various types of bricks , wood is more probable to be found in summer houses . 
  is n't this an outline of california ? 
  he 's a friend of area man . 
  a rocket surgeon . 
  esa needs to up it 's video creation game . 
  it looks so stuck in the early 2000 's . 
  there are rumours of possible opening in 2016 but there are no official statements so far . 
  the funny thing , amazon has distribution centres in poland , because it 's cheaper than in germany , but has no amazon.pl , and poles have to pay a premium for `` shipping internationally '' . 
  a massive cock has been * raised * . 
  there is one god , but he comes in 3 flavors . 
  nothing , they 're buying batteries from samsung or panasonic . 
  it 's in the bottom of the article . 
  that 's exactly why they 're building nord stream ii . 
  i like the inclusion of islands with no citiesmarked on them . 
  not in my back yard, 
  and i hate mine . 
  never anything good comes out hating the assholes around you , it 's just wasted energy . 
  direct that anger into being a better person for a better britain/workplace/neighborhood . 
  two male victims aged 40 and 43 . 
  the younger one died in hospital today . 
  italian highways are pretty bad ... 
  people getting beaten for dark skin tone here and there .
