  this is the logic behind * quantitative easing * . 
  yes , but it has failed miserably to boost inflation , and created an asset bubble instead . 
  when private debt is already high and states are trying to reduce the public debt , the only * monetary * policy that can really boost the economy is to inject debt-free money . 
   now your opinion is that inflating the consummer goods market will benefit the economy as a whole not really , my opinion is that creating debt-free money and distributing it freely to citizens will benefit the economy as a whole , the expected rise in inflation is more what gives the ecb a justification to do it . 
   if it was that easy , all central banks would be regulary doing this for the past 100 years no . 
  here are some reasons why helicopter money is uncommon : - currencies used to be tied to gold , limiting how much money a central bank could create without having to change the exchange rate ( which might have led to a bank run back in the day ) - the ecb is in the unusual position that it 's owned by several states and is forbidden from loaning money to any of them , that 's why a money transfer directly to citizens is being considered now instead of a good old low-interest loan to the treasury - distributing a monetary dividend would have been more complicated before the computerization of the banking sector - even today distributing free money to citizens is still a big taboo , as demonstrated by some of the comments here, 
   what would matter most is if his program appeals to a majority ( which i also do n't think is the case , because he represents a minority of people with his views ) supposedly his program would try to appeal to a wide range of voters , not just the minority he 's closest to . 
  i guess we 'll just have to wait and see . 
   i do n't think that many are aware about it agreed , there seems to be many people who do the opposite of what they say , and other logical inconsistencies , without realizing it . 
   and as for inflation being needed in europe , check the inflation rate for the last few years . 
  it 's been far below the 2 % target rate for 3 years now . 
  source : [ eurostat ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tec00118&amp;plugin=1 ) . 
   by buying up financial assets , it gives banks the opportunity to give out loans at low interest rates . 
  not really , moreover [ private debt ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/tgm/table.do?tab=table&amp;init=1&amp;language=en&amp;pcode=tipspd20&amp;plugin=1 ) is already above the alert threshold ( 133 % of gdp ) in many countries . 
   now , about giving free money every month : horrible idea . 
  there are plenty of arguments in favor of it , see / r/basicincome . 
   macron is too young i 've heard plenty of `` he 's not a real leftist '' and related criticisms , but not that he 's too young . 
  the system favors big parties , not specifically the center . 
  there 's a threshold effect : once you get big enough you can get a lot of seats , even if you only had a single one before . 
  that 's how the fn got the biggest share of french seats in the current european parliament , by beating the old big parties at their own game . 
   it is called a bubble and not inflation , because it is a * distortion * . 
  with this logic any temporary measure taken by a central bank is a bubble , thus you might as well be saying that central banks should never do anything , not even to counter a crisis . 
  everything a central bank does is a distortion in one way or another , the trick is in finding the distortions that have positive effects . 
   to put it in simpleton terms : what happens next year when the inflation is still there while your 200 euros are not ? 
  nothing special ? 
  your scenario is what i would call `` back to normal '' , with inflation back to where it 's supposed to be ( just below 2 % ) and the central bank back to its normal operations . 
   even chavez did n't do something that stupid because ... you know ... * it doesnt work * . 
  stating over and over that helicopter money is stupid wo n't make it so . 
  the idea has critics , but it also has the backing of dozens of economists , and , as this poll shows , of a large number of european citizens ( which is good , because policies that do n't have popular support have more chances of going awry ) . 
  probably only the eurozone , though if other eu members want to join the party i suppose a coordinated plan could be put in place . 
  the currencies of denmark and bulgaria are pegged to the euro , but i 'm having a hard time figuring out whether that gives them an incentive to participate or not . 
   increasing china 's gdp by x % you very well know that only a fraction of the injected money would be used to buy products from outside the euro area . 
  moreover those products are subject to vat like all others , and are usually bought through local resellers , so a significant portion of the money would stay in the eurozone even if spent on foreign products . 
  in the end , the effect on the eurozone 's trade balance would probably be quite low , in addition to being temporary . 
   while debasing our currency the euro is still relatively strong , i see no reason why a small devaluation would be a problem . 
   creating a bubble in the consumer goods market what is that supposed to mean , concretely ? 
   creating industrial overcapacity in china you really think that businesses will interpret a small increase in sales that is obviously temporary as a long term raise in demand and invest foolishly in new production capacity that is n't actually needed ? 
  people like / u/suxs usually mention [ hyperinflation in the weimar republic ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_the_weimar_republic ) and [ hyperinflation in zimbabwe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hyperinflation_in_zimbabwe ) . 
  of course the probability that the proposed euro dividends would lead to hyperinflation is pretty much zero , but critics argue that any debt-free money creation would eventually , somehow , lead to hyperinflation . 
  in my opinion that 's a slippery slope fallacy . 
  that 's unlikely . 
  the money would be going directly to citizens , not to governments , so the shareholding of the ecb is n't very relevant . 
  since the goal would be to get inflation back on track , i guess the amount could be based on national prices levels and recent inflation rates , but there would have to be strong evidence that using the same amount for every country is a bad idea to justify complicating the program . 
  well , the `` price '' of the euro is the ecb 's interest rates , but here `` free money '' means that you neither have to do anything to get it ( as opposed to work income ) nor pay it back later ( as opposed to credits ) . 
  although the answer may seem obvious , it could have gone the other way . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to reject policies that would be beneficial to them , for example the fear of inflation can push people to reject a monetary dividend . 
  boosting inflation is one of the goals . 
  the ecb 's mandate is to keep the euro-area inflation near 2 % , but it has failed to achieve that for some years now . 
  despite all the quantitative easing programs the inflation has been close to 0 % in the past few years . 
  a universal basic income is permanent , `` helicopter money '' would be temporary , so the potential problems are not the same . 
  saying that the commission has `` legislative '' power is misleading , they draft and propose new laws , but those have to be approved by the parliament and the council . 
  i see , you just have an irrational bad opinion of hollande , like many people in france . 
  you ca n't tell me what he 's done wrong or what juppe would do better , you just feel like hollande is not a good president . 
  ( i 'm not a hollande fan nor a member of the socialist party , i just find his bad reputation somewhat weird . ), 
  in what way do you think he 's better than hollande ? 
  yes , i think people who hate their jobs will quit them , but not all at once , and not without having some kind of business plan for another source of income , because they 'll be worried just like you are that if too many people live off their bi without contributing to its funding then it 'll collapse ( or more likely , its amount will be reduced ) . 
   basic math , a state has only so much income through taxes that 's true , but the state 's revenue does not come solely from income taxes , nor is it strictly proportional to the gdp . 
  if you want to prove that a few people quitting their jobs after the implementation of a bi would bankrupt the state you 'll need to do a lot more than one line of basic math . 
   like greece that 's funny , because i think greece would have been a lot better off with a bi . 
   bi is a great argument against minimum wage bi is used as an argument against a minimum wage by some people because it partially negates the need for it by reducing the imbalance of power between employee and employer that justifies all work regulations . 
  so , even if the minimum wage was revoked in a country that implemented bi , it 's unlikely that your entrepreneur would be able to lower the pay of his/her workers , as they would no doubt begin a strike and be in a position to maintain it for a while , because they would still receive their bi during the strike . 
   they do a minority does , not `` most people '' . 
   a few stopping to work might be enough i think it 's very unlikely , do you have evidence to back up this claim ? 
   those with shit jobs that now pay less or as much as bi would income from work comes on top of bi , so even if a job only pays as much as a bi , taking that job doubles the worker 's income . 
  that 's one of the advantages of bi , it does n't discourage people from working like badly designed welfare systems do . 
   which is what you said . 
  no , i said `` pretty much '' . 
   no i am stating a fact . 
  ubi 's origin is friedman 's nit . 
  end of story . 
  that is fact . 
  no , it 's not . 
  source : [ history of basic income | bien ] ( http://www.basicincome.org/basic-income/history/ ) . 
  this discussion is obviously going nowhere but i 'll answer anyway . 
  paine argued that every citizen should be compensated for the loss of access to natural resources that comes with private property , and in doing so provided a justification for basic income that is still used today , even though he did n't advocate for a full bi in his essay . 
  you 're the one hijacking the idea of ubi by pretending that its only root is friedman 's nit and its only goal is to encourage people to get a job . 
  ubi has multiple roots and people who advocate it have various goals in mind . 
  some people like me agree with paine 's argumentation and see it as a human right , while others think of it only as a solution to automation or some other problem . 
  for a reason i do n't understand the latter seem to really piss you off . 
  if most people are okay to live off stipends , then why are they not already doing it using the means-tested welfare systems in place all over europe ? 
  and why do opinion polls show that a majority of people would not stop working if they received a basic income ? 
  that 's a separate issue caused by current tax systems being complicated and having lots of loopholes . 
  funding a bi does n't really require modifying corporate taxes , so the direct impact on businesses could in fact be small . 
  there 's no such thing as a zero-risk business plan . 
  for example farmers depend on the weather and can lose everything when there 's a bad storm , does that mean their business plan is bad and they should all stop ? 
  friedman is not the origin of the basic income idea . 
  as far as i know he never even talked about a full bi , only nit . 
  on the other hand , thomas paine pretty much argued for it much earlier in 1795 in his essay [ agrarian justice ] ( http://www.constitution.org/tp/agjustice.htm ) . 
  it seems your grasp of history is worse than mine . 
  for the record , friedman 's nit is not the origin of the basic income idea . 
  `` i do n't see much use for free speech until i have something to say . '', 
  basic income is not about automation , it 's about liberty and human rights . 
  i recommend reading [ agrarian justice by thomas paine ( 1795 ) ] ( http://www.constitution.org/tp/agjustice.htm ) . 
  a nit is equivalent to a ubi if it 's funded the same way , and it has more overhead than a ubi ( it 's easier to give the same bi to everyone than to compute each month how much nit each citizen should receive ) . 
  there have been other experiments with positive results , and more are being planned right now , both in developed countries like finland and in poorer ones like kenya . 
  [ basic income pilots - wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income_pilots ) . 
  ubi was never meant to encourage people to go get a job , at most you could say that it 's meant to stop discouraging people from doing so , which is not exactly the same thing . 
  i doubt it , any bi that would be funded by excessively taxing the rich would n't be adopted in the first place . 
  a bi can easily be funded by a flat tax , thus not really `` hitting '' the rich harder than the middle class , relatively speaking . 
  it 's amazing how numbers can make people think they ca n't afford something they already have .
