  liberalism is about protecting liberty while laissez-faire is about not intervening , they are opposites when intervening protects the rights of individuals better than doing nothing . 
  liberal is not primarily an economic term , and in particular it 's not a synonym of `` laissez faire '' . 
  that 's an `` absolute '' view of the right to property , and absolute rights have a tendency to impede on other rights and become privileges , which is why the french human rights declaration of 1789 defines liberty as the balance between one 's rights and other people 's rights . 
  devaluation is about the exchange rates with other currencies while inflation is about the prices inside the currency zone . 
  hyper-inflation is very very fast inflation whose causes and effects are different to those of normal inflation . 
  hyper-inflation is irrelevant in most discussions since it can only happen when something is very wrong , not under normal circumstances . 
  you 're mixing devaluation , inflation , and hyper-inflation , which are three different phenomena . 
   we 'll have to centralize and elect an eu federal president by direct vote at some point imho . 
  right , let 's concentrate more power into fewer hands , what could possibly go wrong ? 
  the point was that it would be a eurozone-wide transfer mechanism without requiring a full fiscal union . 
  it 's not meant to fix everything , it 's just a simple first step . 
  i would include all adults instead of `` working age people '' , it 's simpler . 
  profits were lower than usual in 2014 because of the ecb 's policies , which could have been different if it was already giving money directly to the citizens of the zone , since it could have done more of that instead of ineffective quantitative easing . 
  so yes , less than 5 euros would be a bit ridiculous , but it would probably still be a good idea just to put the infrastructure in place and sneak in the idea that it 's okay for the central bank to distribute money directly to the citizens . 
  what would it break ? 
  i said so in my message , the idea is to distribute it directly to the people instead of the governments . 
  i have n't actually computed the amount , it could be relatively low indeed , still even 18 $ per adult citizen would be useful . 
  also , distributing the profits could be merely the first step , once we have the infrastructure in place to send money directly to all adult citizens of the zone and people get used to the idea , we could start talking about distributing more money that way . 
  maybe , i wonder what the official arguments against it would be . 
  that 's not the role of a central bank . 
  you have to keep powers separate and balanced , otherwise you get corruption and other issues . 
  simpler idea : redistribute the profits of the ecb directly into the bank accounts of the citizens of the eurozone ( same amount for everyone ) instead of giving it to the governments based on capital shares in the ecb . 
  suddenly a lot of people would like the ecb more , including the greeks . 
  we do n't give free money to illegal immigrants , we give survival money to refugees . 
  writing free software ( a crowdfunding website ) . 
   because it 's wrong , murder is a specific term that applies when a human kills another human . 
  that may be the current legal meaning in most countries , but etymologically the word simply means `` to cause death '' . 
  it looks like popcorn time seeds while you 're watching the video and has no option to disable seeding entirely nor to keep seeding after the download is complete . 
  it 's possible to leech well-seeded torrents , though it 's considered bad practice . 
  however unlike what the article implies we still see your ip address even if you 're only downloading . 
  bi is n't socialism , and it 's mostly neutral to the middle class ( assuming it 's funded properly ) since median income earners are around the equilibrium point where bi - taxes = 0 . 
  the middle class funds its own bi and the rich class funds the bi of the poor ( it 's a bit more complicated in reality , but you get the idea ) . 
   no , that would n't work . 
  what ? 
  a sovereign fund that invests in foreign assets ? 
  that 's exactly what the norwegian fund you love so much does , same as other sovereign funds . 
   but you need to have cash in the first place having cash is n't really an issue , you do n't even need oil or other natural resources . 
  for example the french government controls hundreds of billions of euros of savings collected through the [ livret a ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/livret_a ) . 
   could you give me a specific example of an exception in france ? 
  one big exception is young people under 25 years old . 
  basically the state does n't want to help them if it considers that their parents have enough money to do it instead . 
  the problem is that too often the parents ca n't or wo n't help as much as the state think they could and should . 
  a very important property of bi is that it is individual , it does n't matter if your parents or spouse are filthy rich , you all get your own bi and the rich among you pay the taxes that fund it . 
   other parts would become poorer not really , rich people would have a little less cash , cry me a river . 
   other negative effects could happen anything can happen , but i have yet to see any evidence that bi would have significant negative effects . 
   who is going to do that ? 
  why would they ? 
  what do they get for it ? 
  are you asking how investment works ? 
  you have cash , you lend to an organization who wants it in exchange for a promise to pay it back later with interest , you profit . 
  a sovereign fund can do exactly that , and by investing in foreign stuff it can fund a part of a basic income by extracting profits from other countries . 
   unless you somehow are illegal or an addict refusing help this is not really the case . 
  maybe your country 's welfare system is extensive , or perhaps you 're just not aware of its corner cases . 
  in france there are several situations in which you 're not eligible for welfare , even though you need it and are not an illegal . 
   these kind of things would still happen under bi . 
  bi reduces the number of conditions to one or two ( legal residence and citizenship ) , so no , it does n't have stupid exceptions . 
   external funds coming into a region or the same funds pumped around is a big difference . 
  as the village is a poor part of the country , a country-wide bi would still pump more funds into that village than taxes would take back . 
  i agree that the positive effects could be lower , but in my opinion it 's likely that it would n't be as big a difference as you claim . 
   a basic income , which is n't funded by external parties a bi can be ( partially ) funded by external parties , you 've been advocating the sovereign fund method yourself . 
   as such it would affect others in the region negatively through higher taxes and macro economic effects we ca n't really know what the effects would be , maybe the other villages also receiving bi would have boosted economic activity even more . 
   left out of what ? 
  left out as in you 're poor but do n't qualify for welfare because of some stupid condition . 
   too much bureaucracy is a relative thing . 
  again , that 's easy to say when you 're not personally affected by it . 
  i think you 've missed the point : it could have been a country-wide basic income funded by the country itself and the effect on that village would likely have been similar to the results of the experiment . 
  the experiments are n't a waste , they 've shown that unconditional cash transfers are efficient in underdeveloped countries . 
  now we need to determine if the effects are similar in europe . 
  i do n't know the details of your country 's welfare system , but since there is a bi movement in the netherlands i assume there are defects same as in my country , typically people being left out , too much bureaucracy , etc. 
   basically they gave a village free money and looked at what happened . 
  of course , their happiness , but also their economics improved . 
  why ? 
  because simply more money was put into their system . 
  that 's not really true , the money could have easily come from that country 's budget and the results would likely have been the same . 
  instead of international organizations it would have been the rich part of the country that would have pumped money into the poor part . 
   what is the gain vs potential loss ? 
  how would you even estimate that ? 
   and in my opinion definitely not worth it at this moment . 
  that 's easy to say for people who do n't suffer from the defects of the current system . 
   the problem with most bi discussions is that no one seriously discusses the costs because most discussions are between people who do n't enough about bi to talk about the details . 
  we actually have a pretty full study about funding in my country , but not many people take the time to read all of it . 
  unemployment benefits are an insurance , not a welfare program that can be simply replaced by a bi . 
  the cost is definitely not 9x , iirc it 's more like 3x the cost of the programs that bi would actually replace . 
  also , the gross cost of bi is misleading , it 's not like e.g. 
  the military or education budget , because the tax money that funds bi is cash that goes right back to citizens . 
  in other words , if the military budget is 25 % of gdp , it 's very high , if bi `` costs '' 25 % of gdp , it 's okay . 
   ok , this sounds good , but it 's not a huge change . 
  i think many people who have actually experienced the regular useless visits and paperwork would disagree with you on that , it 's a big change . 
  you ca n't fight drug addictions ( including alcohol and cigarettes ) by not giving money to the addicts . 
  it 's easier ( and cheaper in administration cost ) to give to everyone and take back from the rich in taxes than it is to track who qualifies for welfare . 
  bi is n't meant to replace everything . 
  for example it ca n't replace proportional rent subsidies if rents vary too much from place to place since bi is the same amount for everyone . 
  another category of things that ca n't be replaced by bi is insurance , e.g. 
  unemployment insurance , because the amount you receive depends on how much money you previously poured into the fund . 
  bi is individual and children also receive it ( usually a lower amount than adults , typically half ) , so a single parent would receive 1050 $ ( in your 700 $ scenario and assuming half for children ) . 
  it 's not a zero-sum change , some people will pay more taxes than before , others less . 
  another important change is that the poor wo n't have to continuously ask for money and justify that they need it , they 'll receive it automatically . 
   tbh , vouchers are better than giving the money directly . 
  that way you know that they are spending on what they really need . 
  experiments have proven that this is wrong .
