  people know what they need better than governments/charities , cash transfers are more efficient . 
  fyi [ there have been experiments already ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/basic_income_guarantee#pilot_programmes ) , but this would be the first in europe afaik . 
  edit : [ more links about bi experiments ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/basicincome/wiki/index#wiki_that.27s_all_very_well.2c_but_where.27s_the_evidence.3f ) . 
  pc = politically correct ? 
   it 's a tough problem as long as there 's a first world and a third world why are you using terms that do n't make sense instead of simply saying something like `` as long as there is poverty in the world '' ? 
  agreed . 
  i used to think it was weird to view drug legalization as important , but then i realized it would reduce criminality and increase tax revenue . 
   this article articulates an american perspective . 
  does it ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are a lot of europeans who disapprove of laws that impede freedom of speech . 
   would increase exponentially as you own more apartments . 
  this kind of scheme does n't work very well , you only need to have different legal owners ( other family members , shell companies ) to avoid the higher tax rate . 
  how about we never hang people ? 
  there is nothing stopping the ecb from breaking the rules , yet it does n't break them , so the logical conclusion is that it does n't want to . 
  of course the ecb could break the rules , but it does n't want to . 
   furthermore , why the no-risk guarantee ? 
  that is equivalent underwriting the loans themselves , which the ecb does not do . 
  why not ? 
  because it 's prohibited from directly loaning money to countries like greece . 
  only people who do n't receive a good share of the newly printed money get `` poorer '' . 
   the only way is to have everyone understand at least one common language it 's not the only imaginable way , if automated translation ever becomes good enough the problem would disappear , and not just in europe but everywhere else too . 
  the ecb 's mandate is to keep inflation steady , giving money to citizens is one possible option to boost inflation when it 's too low . 
   how would you give it out ? 
  same amount for everyone , directly into people 's bank accounts . 
   they ca n't . 
  the ecb ca n't finance states or other public institutions , but it could probably give a little money directly to the citizens of the eurozone ( friedman 's `` helicopter money '' ) . 
   here 's a link to lots of academic articles on the matter . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  afaik all those papers assume a debt-based monetary system . 
  that makes them irrelevant unless it can be demonstrated that the underlying monetary system has no significant impact . 
   monetary union without fiscal union wo n't work . 
  i have yet to see a demonstration of that . 
  it could very well be that the heart of the problem is the debt-based monetary system and that a `` fiscal union '' is merely a way of compensating for that systemic flaw instead of fixing it . 
  the fact that the crisis originally started in the usa seems to support the idea that a fiscal union is only a `` recovery '' mechanism , not something that prevents crises . 
  if you 've been following the latest events you should know by now that the matter is political , not economical . 
  politicians are concerned about their electorates ' reactions , they 're not worried about the financial markets in this case . 
  that 's another misleading wording . 
  it 's not a `` transfer '' as in `` i send you something i have and thus i wo n't have it anymore '' . 
  it 's an esm loan as in `` we borrow money from the financial markets for you , you pay it back '' . 
  the cost for the countries behind the esm is very small as long as greece does n't default . 
  greece falling out of the euro could also strengthen euroskeptic parties everywhere ( `` see , we told you the euro would n't work , we were right '' ) , so it 's not necessarily a better scenario . 
   p.s you owe greece another $ 1 billion by tuesday it 's the opposite , it 's greece who would owe the others money . 
  you make it sound like they 're gifts instead of loans . 
   welfare provides nowhere near the amount of money , with the same amount of ease a `` basic income '' would . 
  we do n't know what the amount of a basic income would be , it depends on how generous people want it to be , it could very well start at an amount similar to current welfare . 
   why would they ? 
  it 's not because they are lazy ... 
  i would n't either ... let me get this straight : if you received a bi you would n't work at all ? 
  you would have no desire to earn more money ? 
  you do n't want to be useful to society ? 
  in my experience when you ask people what they would do if they had a bi , they usually do n't answer `` i 'd sit back and do nothing for the rest of my life '' . 
   if i heard an intelligible refutation of property rights , i would accept it . 
  i 'm not trying to refute the right to private property , the lockean proviso merely spells out one of its limits . 
  property is one of the basic human rights , but it 's no more absolute than the others . 
   but where do they initially get the money to invest in this fund ? 
  wherever , the point is that you do n't necessarily need taxation , so even if you consider taxation to be theft you ca n't say that bi is inherently stealing . 
   no one does those jobs for any reason than pure sustenance if that were true those jobs would have already disappeared in my country , because even though we do n't have a real basic income you can survive on welfare without working . 
  people on welfare still seek work , because it only covers their basic needs and they want extra money , because they want to be useful to society , etc. 
   you need to provide reasoning as to why it 's okay to take other peoples money . 
  i already have , you went on about ethics instead of answering . 
  earth is the common property of everyone who lives on it , and everyone is entitled to a share of its riches . 
  the right to private property can not be used to justify leaving other people with nothing , that 's the [ lockean proviso ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lockean_proviso ) . 
   tax is taking money by force i could answer that , but given what you 've said i do n't think we 'll get anywhere , so instead i 'll point out that bi can be funded through other means than taxation . 
  for example a country can set up a sovereign investment fund that distributes its profits as a bi . 
  you 're twisting my words in ridiculous ways , i have no prejudice against poor people . 
   ubi supporters need to address this issue somehow . 
  it 's a non-issue , you do n't need to threaten people 's survival to get them to work , they 'll do it because they want to , or because it increases their income . 
   what you 've said is generally ignored by the philosophical community as `` naive moral relativism '' . 
  that 's not something i 'm familiar with . 
  let 's go back to that instead :  you should n't be able to steal money by force from people who have earned it themselves . 
  were you implying that bi is stealing ? 
  that taxation is theft ? 
   a tax on rent is a tax on labor . 
  the landlord 's labor is marginal , it 's not the source of the value . 
  legally , rent income is n't considered as labor income . 
   as for profits and sales , well you are n't making a profit or selling things without labor there can be very little paid labor involved in producing and selling some things that have a lot of value nonetheless . 
  in other words , something 's value is n't proportional to the amount of paid labor that went into making it . 
   if you have your needs met you wo n't work as hard , do n't see any way around it . 
  survival is a poor motivator , it pushes you to do anything necessary , but that includes things that do n't really benefit society ( bullshit jobs , crime ) , and it also does n't motivate you to do things properly . 
  there are better motivators : being useful , feeling appreciated , having fun , earning extra money , etc. 
   also ethics . 
  ethics are subjective , maybe you consider basic income unethical , i consider the lack of it to be unethical . 
  some people argue that the lack of bi is a violation of human rights , and i completely agree . 
  earth is the common property of everyone who lives on it , and everyone is entitled to a share of its riches . 
   if you got 15k a year for free , would you really bust your ass 40 hours a week to make 20 ? 
  that 's not how basic income works . 
  if you find a job that pays 20k then you have 35k total , because you still receive your 15k basic income . 
  ( those are weird example numbers , are they supposed to be euros ? ), 
  i only know of a detailed study for my own country , france . 
  the main funding mechanism is a flat income tax ( all kinds of income , not just labor ) . 
  political viability is another matter . 
  if we ca n't get citizens to understand that the tax hike is n't so bad because the money goes straight back into their pockets , then the solution is to start by implementing a negative income tax instead of a real basic income . 
  the effect on the incomes of citizens is the same , but psychologically a nit looks cheaper and is thus easier to get approval for . 
  rents , profits , consumption/sales , etc. 
  when you pay for things it 's not all labor . 
  it 's not good to put all your eggs in one basket , vat alone can not provide stable funding for a basic income . 
  even if some people were to work fewer hours without other people filling in , wages are not the only source of tax revenue . 
  if the tax system is properly designed a small decrease in work hours should n't pose any problem . 
  they already have , through the imf . 
   that does n't mean i like it and i would genuinely enjoy it if someone came up with a system that kept investment and commerce banks from fucking shit up other monetary systems do exist .
