  the whole thing is about the single market , the banking passport , and their right to refuse freedom of movement . 
  diplomacy has nothing to do with it , the uk will stay a close ally to the eu no matter what . 
   i want the uk to stay out of the eu anyway . 
  it acts like a trojan horse of the us within the eu . 
  you 're not wrong about that , but it was the only major country to ever advocated for turkey in the eu . 
  with the uk out , you lost your best ally in the eu . 
  and the eu will become stronger because as you said , the us was a trojan horse . 
  time to build an eu army and protect our borders without the need to even talk to erdogan . 
   why is every rabid leftist so hell bent on putting people that disagree with them down ? 
  lol . 
  what make you think that i 'm a leftist ? 
  if anything my comment should be considered conservative . 
  and you are the one insulting me here , tone it down . 
   everything is negotiable . 
  everything has a price . 
  the only question here , is are they going to pay whatever the eu ask them to , : - to stay in the single market , - to keep their banking passport , - and to keep france doing their borders patrol ? 
  this is going to be really , really expensive . 
  they know it and that 's why they want to stay in the eu . 
  but they ca n't , because they auto-fuck 'd themself with the referundum . 
  that 's exatly 100 % wrong , but you 're turk and you guys obviously have n't figured out how thing works in brussels . 
  there are rules and there are votes to make those rules . 
  if they leave the eu , they lose their votes but will have to comply to the rules because they still want access to the single market . 
  we are supposed to belive a shady lawyer because of what exactly ? 
  this dude is just wishful thinking , the uk is getting out of the eu . 
  and tbh , it would be kind of hilarous that the uk does not what was voted for because there are election in france and germany . 
  they voted to ` take back control ' of their policies and you 're going to tell them that you ca n't apply the referundum result because of what happen in foreign countries ? 
  gl to any politician trying this . 
  the only reason the penalties were there was because the uk was in the eu but as soon as you 're out , it 's not like we owe you anything . 
  we 'll make you pay for it . 
  if france made african countries pay for their illegal migrants , nobody would have to work there . 
   moving the border would seriously change cross channel trade/transport and not in a way that anybody wants . 
  you made it look twice like it 's going to damage the uk and france equally . 
  it 's just not true . 
  a shitload of trucks from all over europe , go through france to cross the chanel to get to you . 
  those who do it , do it because it 's cheaper than any other way . 
  if we start to slow , limit , close those borders you 're going to enjoy quite an inflation on your island . 
  long story short , you want a lot of things and the only thing you have to trade for them are your juicy banks . 
  [ it has already started . 
  ] ( http://www.independent.co.uk/news/business/news/brexit-latest-banks-leave-uk-eu-jpmorgan-goldman-sachs-citi-group-deutsche-bank-a7193686.html ), 
  most of the immigration in the uk has always been from old british colonies , starting by india , and do n't get to the uk by crossing the rest of europe . 
  [ here ] ( http://metrocosm.com/global-immigration-map/ ) is an analysis from data given by the un . 
   in the brexit debate , the loudest arguments in favor of leaving the eu have been about immigration . 
  what strikes me as interesting is how small a portion of the uk 's net immigration is actually coming from europe . 
  [ uk 's immigation map ] ( http://i0.wp.com/metrocosm.com/wp-content/uploads/2016/06/uk-immigration.gif ) . 
  each dot represent 1000 people . 
  france does to the uk what turkey does to europe . 
  and i think hollande does n't want to scare the britishs right now , but as soon as the article 50 is triggered , things and talks are going to change drastically because : on one hand the uk : - want to stay in the european single market . 
  - want to keep european banking passport . 
  - want to keep their border in france and keep their cops do border patrol in france . 
  on the other , france : - ... is just going to try to squeez as much # # # as they can in the process . 
  and considering that they hold all the cards , it 's not going to be pretty for the uk . 
  there 's no friendship whatsoever when you leave the ship when things go sour . 
  in the end i think the uk is going to lose their european banking passport , are going to pay top $ $ $ their access to the singe market , will obviously lose their votes in brussels ... all this to be able to do border patrol in france . 
  the jokes is on you . 
  and the silliest thing about it , is that most of the immigration in the uk does n't even come from france or europe . 
  edit : y' all brits are cute to downvote me but it wo n't change the vote you made nor the fact that i am right . 
  i think french 's politicians are going to give all the cops in the area their new eve off in december 2018 . 
  it might happens sooner depending who is elected in 2017 or if a drama occures before that . 
  our system might be wrong , but we chose it . 
  we voted for it . 
  actually 2017 is going to be interesting because france and germany will have general elections . 
  things will change . 
  the eu as we know it might collapse or just drastically change . 
  and with the uk out of the picture , you lost you biggest leverage here . 
  you , on the other hand , your vote wo n't even matter . 
  it 's like hypno toad , watch the tv , bitch a little and in the end hillary-big business ticket is going to win . 
  but yeah smartboy , come over @ / r/europe mock our democracy . 
  nobody deserve that shit really and nobody asked for it . 
  i wish for trump to win the election , because the dude seams like an isolationist which is exatly what the rest of the world need . 
  last i checked , the usa wanted the uk to remain in the eu and turkey to join it . 
  then the usa wanted erdogan and assad gone , and they 're stronger than ever . 
  it looks like nobody gives 2 shits about you anymore . 
  this from an american is pure gold . 
  with your bs system , with the electoral college that make some people 's vote worth 7 times others , and swing states that pretty much decide for everything , you do n't even elect your president . 
  there 's nothing democratic about the american democracy . 
   on march 11 , 2003 republican u.s. 
  representatives bob ney and walter b. jones directed the three house cafeterias to change all references to french fries and french toast on menus , and replace them with freedom fries and freedom toast , respectively . 
  lol everytime you think the americans have reached the bottom of the retardness , you guys deliver and proove us wrong . 
  before that frenchs were just considered arrogants with holier-than-thou attitude but not much else . 
  after de villepin 's speach at the un , the usa had to prove there was a real threat and whatnot ( womd ) . 
  france refusal made things a lot more difficult for the us , and this is when the real hatred toward frenchs began . 
  i ca n't belive they 're letting this happen ... saoudi are the fucking problem in middle east , and they 'll become untouchable with nukes . 
  because the lower classes of the us are just plain retarded . 
  not only the lower classes actually . 
  the whole beef agains ' t france comes from france 's refusal to get involved in second gulf war , which was a fucking mistake . 
   saudi arabia trying to buy nukes from pakistan do you have sources for that ? 
  i think turkey is closer to get kicked out of nato and in open war agains ' t the west and/or russia than to getting into the eu . 
  do n't fool yourself turks , russia is not your friend either . 
  [ that moment when you realize that mexico as signed more than 3 times more human rights treaties than the united state . ] ( http://indicators.ohchr.org/ ) . 
  what a bunch of hypocrites . 
  even china does better . 
  that 's sharia right there . 
  welcome to islamistan . 
  which is a mistake considering that most of what is happening to turkey comes from middle east . 
  but you turk do n't want to be blended with the arabs , and yet are offensed when we say we do n't want you to blend with us . 
  is n't a motto of gulen 's movement : schools before mosque ? 
   kick turkey out of nato or something ... 
  i do n't know . 
  the usa will decide on that ... but they probably still need you for now for your airbase . 
  you 'll stay in nato for as long as you are more usefull than a problem , that 's how the usa always work .
