we do n't need more burgers or movies with dudes in tights . 
  good for you . 
  another reason to just flood the whole thing . 
  [ decolonizing summer camp . 
  near the next presidential election in france , it seamed to us , concerned by state racism that we be ready to be the main target . 
  no white people were allowed to enter the summer camp . 
   you 'll be on your own lol . 
  you 're the one out of the eu . 
  not france . 
  you 're the one to end up on your own . 
  you 're are just delusional . 
  did n't you see the special meeting between merkel , hollande and renzi about the brexit ? 
  happened twice already . 
  the brexit is the exit of the uk from the eu . 
  it 's going to be uk vs the eu . 
  but france being the second biggest economy , a founding father , and it 's closest neighbour will obviously have more say than , let 's say portugal or estonia . 
   he fact that you tried to drag the rest of the continent into your corner dude , the eu is a franco-german thing from day 1 . 
  always been and it always stay that way . 
  the uk got in because it was good for business and for diplomacy , and the idea of a united europe . 
  but the uk always had foot in ( the single market ) and a foot out ( not in schengen , not in the euro zone ) . 
  now you have 2 feet out . 
  we 're back at square one , germany and france each trying to get the most of it , each with their own historical own allies trying to drag the most behind their flag . 
  but we 'll united to get the most of the brexit , that you can be sure . 
  to get the most of it just before the point the uk say fuck the whole deal all together . 
  you are leaving the eu at the worst time , the time were we need to be united more than ever with the migrant crisis and the usa and russia playing cold war part ii at our borders . 
  this is lame and we will not forget it . 
  it 's not going to be a war , because you weight 55 millions people , when the eu weight 550 millions . 
  once your banking passport are revoked , what exactly are we going to miss from england ? 
  the only thing that come to mind : rolls-royce motor . 
  if we go in a open trade war , it 's going to be a slaughter on your end . 
  you 're going to have to water down your ( french ) wine . 
  pun intended . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  london and continental railways which is uk 's government property , own 40 % of the eurostar . 
  sncf own 55 % . 
  and like it 's been said , the fine to transport an illegal migrant is not an internationnal law , it 's something the uk managed to deal at a time it had influence and is bound to disapear pretty soon . 
  let 's be realistic here , you 're on an island . 
  if we start to slow everything down you 're going to get a nifty inflation . 
  remember the 14h wait for britishs citizens to get to france for holidays this summer ? 
  well imagine the same thing for your vegetables . 
  or imagine we just do n't let you enter france ? 
  we have so many leverage over you , we just do n't know where to beguin . 
  great , let 's hope that she does it early 2017 . 
   cutting yourself off competently . 
  i do n't think you understood what i meant . 
  i did n't said the eu should disapear from the global market , i just said we should put the us on blockade . 
  business with other partners will continue just as before if not stronger . 
  just nothing in or out from/to the us . 
  the problem is that the usa are bunch of cheating scumbags . 
  their corn is sold at lost and their cotton is subventioned to the point that nobody can compete . 
  there can not be comparative advantage when the market is totally rigged . 
  we would be better without them , period . 
  well it might have something to do with the fact that the usa are heavily subventioning their agriculture , to the point that most of it , corn , is actually sold at loss . 
  if tomorow we stop at once all the imports of their crops , the market price of these will rise , and make them again a viable source of income for the farmers / the european agro-industry . 
  the europe is defenetly more than self sufficient when it comes to food , if we consider it as a whole and start thinking as one . 
  the only reason we are importing is because how rigged is the free market ... we are all competiting each others , but the usa are the most protectionist state ever . 
  we are twice bigger than them , they need us more than we need them . 
  the sooner we realize that , the better the whole eu zone will be . 
  the eu is self sufficient when it come to food so i 'm actually wondering why would you bring that up as your only exemple . 
  i knew i 'd get downvoted but nobody here prooved me wrong , if we go full blockage on us products we just ... wo n't miss a thing . 
   what will that do for business in the eu ? 
  the us would just respond in kind . 
  you may not realize how many patents owned by eu companies are registered in the us ( and vice versa ) , but it would hurt a lot of industries to get into this kind of trade war , including pharmaceutical and automotive companies in the eu . 
  which is why i said to make it only last a few years ... 5 to 10 max . 
  at this point we 'll have our own mega companies in techs , delivery and whatnot , which would defenetly worth it because we 'll forbide them all the crap the us ones have been doing . 
  the us is a 320 millions people market , we are twice that big . 
  and with the huge debt of their , if they totally lose access to the second biggest market on earth , i think they will just go bankrupt and collapse . 
  we do n't need apple , we do n't need amazon , we do n't need uber , we do n't need men in tights movies and copyrights on life , seeds and whatnot should just be prohibited . 
  i know this wo n't ever happens because of the financial world but at some point the european countries will have to think as one . 
  haaa the infamous american puppy , you brits are going to be the first to taste what the eu can do when it comes to protect their interest . 
  in a way , we can thank you for the brexit , you 'll be like a bone to make our teeth before the main course . 
  i think i made it pretty obvious that i talked about europe . 
  i knew i 'd get downvoted but what i did n't suspect is that nobody would proove me wrong , telling this or that would be missed . 
  i guess i 'm not so far from the truth . 
  we should just go into an economic war with the us for a few years , to consolidate our own brands and shift with more european integration . 
  it 's not like we actually need anything that they produce . 
  any of their internet giants could easily be copied in a couple months and it 's not like their movies with dudes in tights deserve anything more than a . torrent . 
  nobody will mourn mcdonald and starbuck . 
  im actually wondering what would affect us if we did put a full blockade on all us products in the eu . 
  and do n't go copyrighted seeds or this kind of bs , because we would obviously not respect any us copyright at that point . 
  this country is going to the crapper , we need to close our borders with it asap . 
  because it 's not about what people want , what people think or what is fair or whatever , the only thing that matters are treaties and what countries are bound to do . 
  as long as they do n't trigger the 50th article , it 's business as usual . 
  which is why they do n't want to trigger it . 
  because you 're wrong . 
  they wo n't get anything as good as they had , if you did n't know they had a great fucking deal with the eu . 
  all they wanted was the huge single market , they pushed for always more integration and always refused anything else . 
  i 'm excited about it because with the uk out of the way , we can build a political , social and military europe . 
  greece and italy should n't take all the burden on the refugees crisis just because they are the closest to where the migrants come from . 
  but that 's exactly something the uk is fine with , considering that they are at the other side of europe , on their bunkerized island . 
  if scotland leave the uk , the uk will just be a 55 millions market in front of a 500 millions eu . 
  they will just lose all their bargaining power . 
  1st january of 2017 they trigger the 50th article , out of the eu in 2019 , it 's what has been said . 
  the last thing the financial world want is uncertainty , and considering that it is their best assets , they will have to make a decision quickly . 
  if anyhting , france opening their boder to 10000 migrants could speed up the process . 
   uk would n't get to make demands for a special status because it would look desperate to stay in the eu if it tries to after the brexit vote . 
  this is not how things work . 
  you really have no clue about what you 're talking about . 
  if the uk decide to not trigger the 50 article to leave the eu , everything will stay the same , period . 
   what i said has nothing to do with things like the single market or uk 's votes in the eu parliament , it 's about diplomacy .
