  which country are you from ? 
  as a french we did learn a bit about our old colonies and countries that speack french but defenetly not all of africa . 
   you should read about pre-islam turks if you truly think we got europeanized . 
  we merely went back to our true roots . 
  ottomans lost their turkish identity towards the end of the empire . 
  do you have any link to support that ? 
  i would to love to read some more about pre 1700 ottoman 's . 
   lol as if europe , including france , did n't play games in syria . 
  yep you 're right about that . 
  i have no fucking idea why we still keep sending weapon that fuel this war . 
  i wish we did n't and i wish we would just let get the fuck out of this mess . 
   turkey should have aligned with moscow and the east long ago . 
  we are n't western . 
  the smart thing to do is to play on both side , make yourself usefull to the west and to russia . 
  you do n't want to be alone with russia , they 're going to ripp you off but erdogan needs to cut the drama because its fueling anti-western behavior in turkey and anti-turks in the west . 
  it 's not good for business , it 's not good for peace and stability , it 's not good for anything but to let him control turkey as he wants . 
  can you today be openely agains ' t erdogan in turkey ? 
  do n't do this ... ive been in the middle of a fire in greece and it sucked big time . 
  dry olive leaves are like matches . 
  crazy shit . 
   europeans are as ignorant of africa as the stereotypical american is of europe i.e. 
  viewing a whole continent as one country one people . 
  never thought of this ... but you 're pretty damn right . 
  wtf is going on in africa ? 
  edit : china and south america are n't too good either . 
  answering ** / u/trevor _ phillips34 **  why do you people act like we want to join the eu ? 
  we just take your money and use you , that 's all . 
  we do n't to be apart of that cancer . 
  we tried that and would gladly do it again , throwing you money but it does n't seam enough , it seams like erdogan want more , visa free and all . 
   really ? 
  why do n't you list turkish victories against europe ? 
  why are you only listing your side of history ? 
  because it 's modern time and relevant to explain you who you really are , where you are from and what you ca n't do . 
  some of you are daydreaming of their lost super muslim world and whatnot , that include erdogan . 
  we could talk about great muslim victory and achievements , but we 'd have to go back 500 years back in the past because if it was n't for the oil , everybody would still be trading with camels in this part of the world . 
  great things done by muslims i 'd probably would talk about the calphate of cordoba and not the ottoman empire , who terrorized their people and made quite a few genocides , specially in the end : - [ assyrian genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/assyrian_genocide ) - [ armenian genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/armenian_genocide ) - [ greek genocide ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/greek_genocide ) turks have yet to recognize and apologies for those . 
   becoming a secular , democratic nation is not '' europeanizing ' actually it 's exatly that . 
  but i 'm eager to read you explain that you invented democracy , freedoms , human rights and whatnot . 
  [ a brief history of turk 's europeanization ] ( https://changingturkey.com/2010/09/17/the-europeanization-of-turkey-a-historical-perspective-by-m-sezer-ozcan/ )  i 'm not even a nationalist but shitheads like you turn me into one . 
  i could say the same thing . 
  i would n't have written anything like that a year ago . 
  but here 's what turks have accomplished this last 6 months : - played games in syria ... supporting rebels no matter their color depending if they were fighting assad or kurds . 
  which include doing business with isis . 
  - erdogan threatened and blackmailed the eu for 6 months , using refugees has a weapon , to obtain visa free travel . 
  erdogan 's foreign minister actually insulted austria among other thing . 
  - erdogan endangered everybody in nato when he shot down that russian plane . 
  shit could have escalated quickly . 
  - erdogan accused the usa and the cia for the coup . 
  and decided suddenly to align on moscow . 
  talk about reliability . . - not a single day pass since the coup 3 weeks ago without bitching , moaning , insults , threats and/or blackmails from turkey to the west . 
  you need to get your shit together . 
  you put erdogan where he is , you let him do what he does . 
  remember that when the shit hits the fan . 
   your entire point is that since turks and russian had wars that stopped over 100 years ago , russia will decide to invade turkey ? 
  no , my point was that russia can beat turkey in a war any day of the week and twice on sunday in a blink . 
  control of the straits has been on their agenda for centuries , but as i said they wo n't even have to . 
  erdogan is going to pay whatever bill putin is showing him . 
  he does talk the talk , but this little drama is going to cost you billions . 
  it 's all drama and childish tantrum but there 's nothing behind turk 's threats . 
   so your entire point is that , because europe and ottoman empire were enemies more than 100 years ago , they are still enemies ? 
  no , my point was : you should remember who decide what , and who stfu in this part of the world . 
  you either follow the west or russia , fine . 
  just do n't delude yourself , you worth zip by yourself . 
   because diplomacy and governments do n't care about petty hatreds and revenges . 
  i lol 'd , for real . 
  everything that has been done in europe the last 200 years are about hatred and revenge . 
  that include the creation of the eu and why you 'll never be part of it . 
   there is nothing stopping us from becoming best buddies with russia and china . 
  oh please do that already , let 's end this drama . 
  we just ca n't stand erdogan 's throwing temper trantum anymore , the crying and moaning c'mon do n't you have any self respect ? 
  you 're not getting in the eu . 
  we do n't want you . 
  it 's not going to happen . 
  get over it . 
  the visa free travel is n't happening either , you 're way too unstable right now , you just ca n't be trusted . 
   russia would n't do anything to turkey even if turkey was not a part of nato . 
  i would n't be so sure , [ russia has been kicking your ass steadily for the last centuries . 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_the_russo-turkish_wars ) but then again , like everybody else . 
  turkey has n't won a proper war in 200 years . 
  but it wo n't happen because erdogan is going to pay everything putin tell him to , starting by full access to both straits . 
  and probably much more . 
  let me remind you something about your history : - who financed , helped and armed the balkans to kick you out of there ? 
  - who took over all your belongings in northern africa ? 
  - who tricked the arabs to kicked you out of the middle east ? 
  - who made your little empire collapse and forced you to europeanize yourself ? 
  - who ruled your banks and therefore the economy to be sure everything went according to the plan ? 
  - who used your country has a buffer state ? 
  the very same people who do n't want you in their party . 
  yeah china and russia , you do that . 
  it 's kind of funny to see someone from a country which was considered third world 15 years ago call someone from the richest and most advanced country a dumbass . 
  one day hiding behind nato when you shoot a russian plane , and the next hiding behind putin when you start accusing everyone for the mess your own people made . 
  this whole drama is pathetic . 
  it 's about time that you turks be reminded who you really are and what you are allowed to do . 
  nato do n't need anybody . 
  usa , france , uk could throw all their aircraft carrier in front of syria and bomb the shit out of anybody . 
  it 's just convenient to have turkey in nato because turkey is the eu 's border patrol . 
  but if turkey stop being our border patrol and start to work agains ' t our interest you can bet that they 'll be kicked out of it , and much more . 
  at this point turkey is desesperate . 
  russia is n't going to go to war for turkey , but will try to squeez every dollar they can from them . 
  this whole drama from erdogan is pathetic and will cost a shitload to the turks .
