parts of existing countries can not negotiate as if they are independent countries ? 
  maybe , could also explain why they are against a brexit . 
  probably a combination of both and some other smaller factors . 
  exactly , thing is , i dont think it ever wil . 
  countries have a history of culture and wars etc. 
  things that make it feel like a large community . 
  the eu doesnt . 
  political apathy is very dangerous in a democracy . 
  its kind of ironic though , a lack a nationalism results in being pro-eu , but at the same time a lack of nationalism results in low voter turnouts . 
  lol you do realise he is being sarcastic ? 
  wow , an actuall reasonable and not butt-hurt comment . 
  refreshing . 
  conservative is i think a much better term though . 
  thats was about england not uk . 
  england did vote about 55 % . 
  this table only shows pvv voting in correlation to left and center parties , you would need to compare these to correlation towards right parties . 
  honestly i would geuss it would be just as low , pvv is pretty ideological and not really willing to compromise usually . 
   why not , and some of the big university towns can join too . 
  sheffield says hello . 
  as another dutchman i can confirm that wilders is center/centerleft . 
  cuz the current corrupt one can burn the fuck down , and from its ashes will arise a new eu . 
  a democratic eu . 
  with countries which benefit from a monetary union and without those who dont ( ahem greece ahem ) . 
  one which doesnt punish people for leaving , instead focusing on making it more attractive to rejoin/for other to join . 
  most ? 
  not really , but i get your point . 
  thing is , all that will vastly improve once we rebuild a new , democratic eu . 
  yes , heres another ez link http://www.bbc.com/news/politics/eu_referendum/results keeps exact count of everything added up, 
  nexit here we come !, 
  ( please ? ), 
  condolences dafuq ? 
  its not a funeral just because you didnt get what you wanted . 
  im a brexit supporter but source on the turnout and remain voters being low ? 
   i 'm a welshman by heritage and would define myself as a ` welsh european ' over an ` english brit ' ( though i was born in oxford ) . 
  yet your flair says ` british ' ... 
  at least they are all politicians , not two politicians and a terrorist . 
  really ? 
  you are going to put politicians who have a different opininion than you in the same group as an actuall madman ? 
  thats low , really low . 
  islam created the islamic state , we pushed it up a notch by bombing innocent people , but its mostly religious extremism brewing for a long time with only a snif of western fuck-ups added to it . 
  i mean most people dont trust most politicians and in general there is also a conflict of interest in this particular case , so its not that far fetched i think . 
  the quran duh . 
  to add some context , the assisination was actually quite succesfull as the political right-wing never really recovered from it ( fortuyn was quite a special man ) and what could be considered his succesor ( kinda , but not really ) is rising in the polls right now but most other parties refuse to work with him as they consider him either racist or xenophobic . 
  also the assasin has been released from prison not so long ago , which i actually find a disgrace , but thats the dutch version of juctice i geuss . 
  `` who says i think '' learn to read pls . 
  no even better , just a brazzers logo in the corner . 
  who says i think its a good idea to involve 28 countries ? 
  my opininion exactly . 
  the current eu is broken beyond repair . 
  the faster it breaks down , the faster we can start rebuilding . 
  fucking hell you are arrogant . 
  im not saying you are an animal , but if you dont give a fuck about culture then i do think your denying yourself a great part of human societies . 
  yet we share a lot as well and thats not something we should look down upon . 
  im not saying dutch culture is superior , just different . 
  culture . 
  everything is about culture . 
  its what seperates us from animals and its in many situations something we are proud of . 
  i want to be dutch and not just a european beceause i dont want to be associated with the french and belgiums always going on strike , or the italian and ukrainian corruption , or the swedisch insane social justice warrior culture etc. 
  these cultures have developed over centuries . 
  the netherlands has historically always been a save haven for politicians , i like that . 
  we were the first country to legalise gay-marriage , i fucking love that . 
  i dont want that history and culture to be diluded in just a pile of `` european culture '' . 
  lol no ira was protestants vs catholics , in other words religious nonsense . 
  i just meant that style of group with car bombs etc. 
  but with completely different motivation . 
  as for your other point , i dont know what kind of pseudo-intellectuel point your trying to make with `` what is their country '' , but most people i know wont fight for whatever random village they live in whereas they would fight for their country . 
  im convinced if the eu becomes even more invasive , it wont be long until we get ira-style resistance groups against it . 
  you cant just desolve countries and not expect a shitstorm . 
  in other news water is wet . 
  yeah but nobody wants undemocraticly chosen bureaucrats , especially without a direct referendum which will never go well . 
  the current eu is broken beyond repair . 
  not enough power lies with the people and too much power lies with bureaucrats for any real change to happen . 
  starting from scratch is our only option . 
  well germany 's freedom of speach is kinda twisted as well , as shown by the whole erdogan shitshow . 
  belgiun has a reasonably large muslim community i think ? 
  also it could be because eu hq is in brussel ? 
  `` not even the nazis could boast such efficiency '' didnt think this existed . 
  screenshotted this one for future reference . 
  perfectly boils down to the exact problem i have with eu . 
  its still a passport of the kingdom of the netherlands not a passport for the eu . 
  great analogy , im going to use that one in the future . 
  they can because the federal government allows them to , but the federal government can and does force certain laws onto the states . 
  in the eu the member countries are still sovereign nations and the eu can only force things up to a very limited extend and usually the only real option if a member refuses is kicking them out of the union . 
  i do like the idea of conspiring ... 
  yet how would they be any less `` evil '' ? 
  besides internal competition is healthy . 
  so were all just citizens of earth and thats it ? 
  there can never be any argument about nationality or the differnces between.countries ? 
  you mean neccesary government entities , which the eu would also have ? 
  its a system you can opt-in and out . 
  you cant treat that as a country even if by some arbritrairy metric it is . 
  so by your definition turks are also european citizens ? 
  if so fair enough but thats not what this guy meant by european , he meant the eu not the continent europe, 
  national governments are evil ? 
  you cant say that without explaining why . 
  also you do realise that in your utopia the eu will just function as a larger nation and its government will still fuck over poor countries if thats what you mean by `` unnecessary evil '' . 
  in fact it will probably do so on a larger scale , instead of the individuel eu countries keeping each other ( kinda ) in check . 
  also by my culture as a dutchman is being represented on a national scale with a royal family etc. , as we have been over a long period of time . 
  lol thats retarded , the eu isnt a country , stop pretending it is . 
  im not a european citizen , im a dutch citizen .
