  so let 's take a look at the whole historical picture . 
  so nearly two thirds of scottish mp 's are labour !!, 
  how can you possibly say that scottish votes are almost always irrelevant ? 
  that 's just under 10 % of all mp 's . 
  i spend some time there in 2010 and what struck me was the amount of bullet holes and dereliction all over the city . 
  these images certainly do n't tell the whole truth , just the landmark buildings that have been rebuilt . 
  and inflation would rise !, 
  wuus-t\u0259r-sh\u0259r , and wuus-t\u0259r-sha-yer are also correct . 
  i think it 's a cultural thing . 
  these sort of mistakes were n't that much of an issue twenty years ago . 
  i have a friend who is a teacher at a british catholic school . 
  he rarely goes to school church services and does n't take part in praying and singing when he 's there . 
  nope , a small town in devon . 
  at  # 4 a pint , i do n't think stella and kronenbourg can be classed as cheap . 
  maybe they would be less capable , and less overarching . 
   racists tend to be less educated the less educated also tend to be more affected by racism . 
  not saying it 's right , obviously , but it 's easy for high-minded liberals to promote complete equality when they do n't live in council estates where most of the problems with multi-ethnicity lie . 
  i 'm thinking of starting my own country , and i 'll have [ this ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=assdqbaip_i ) as my anthem . 
  i ca n't believe no-one 's snapped it up already . 
  i do n't see how you can beat the marseillaise . 
  damn you , you 've got it in my head now !, 
  same in the uk as we do have taps that mix the water before it comes out of the faucet . 
  i was just responding to why the water from the hot tap is considered unsafe . 
  inventors of the finest game the world has ever seen : cricket . 
  one of the main reasons for the differing views in germany and britain are obviously to do with wwii . 
  the germans feel that obligation to europe like no other , so it 's a bit unfair to foist that same feeling upon the british . 
  essence of cow . 
  the period around the time of the anglo-dutch wars is fascinating , but it is generally not taught at schools in the uk . 
  if you told a brit about the medway raid they 'd probably think you were lying to them because it goes against everything we 've been taught . 
  in the uk there is a prevalence of hot water tanks ( not so much these days ) , where water is heated and then stored in the tank . 
  it 's water from the tank that is considered unsafe . 
  new boilers are generally combi boilers that heat the water as you need it and are fed by the mains . 
  with these boilers , it is considered safe to drink from the hot tap . 
  that is a straw man argument . 
  south devon has for too long endured the oppressive yoke of english imperialism . 
  set stoke fleming free !, 
  sure , but you ca n't go conducting policy based on how it affects individuals . 
  you have to look at the health service and the country as a whole . 
  once you 've accepted that their debt is unsustainable then there is surely no option other than to forgive some of it . 
  i suppose you could just keep on loaning money for state assets as collateral , but that ca n't go on forever , and there 's a good chance that eventually a * really * radical government would be elected to simply seize it back . 
  i think that in this situation you simply have to be reasonable . 
  actually the very first thing tsipras did was to tour europe trying to get support for his position . 
  best ignore any possibility that it might be similar then , instead believing the complete opposite ... 
  most national elections are fought on economic grounds , especially recently . 
  the greek government were noy going to the public for every minor decision , but they needed a new mandate to carry on negotiating because they did n't have a mandate for either of the two options available to them ( give in to austerity or default and take greece out of the eurozone ) . 
  it 's actually a pretty common narrative here . 
  except 5 years ago the greek government were in cahoots with the creditors . 
  only the recent elections could have got us to this position . 
  that 's exactly what people said about iceland . 
  that 's not what they just voted for . 
  how would it be `` worthless '' - that suggests that it would have no worth . 
  i was simply pointing out the exaggeration . 
   you should bet in euros , because the drachma will be instantly worth less . 
  ftfy, 
  if indeed it is no , the europeans would need to do some serious backtracking to keep greece within the euro . 
  very hard to see anything but a return to the drachma very soon . 
  because it 's twisting the truth , like every news organisation does . 
  ah , the rules . 
  unfortunately the rules do n't dictate how your behaviour is seen by the rest of the sub . 
  this is an english subreddit . 
  my fear is that your insistence on writing french alongside english is seen in a negative light by the rest of the sub . 
  it perpetuates a very french stereotype and so i do n't agree with what you are doing . 
  why do you write in both french and english ? 
  but that 's not what the bbc have been telling me ... 
   the thing is , victoria was a major part of the ama process and she was fired without any warning . 
  i just do n't see what that 's got to do with us . 
  yep , i 'm just more annoyed that they took it upon themselves to deny me access to conversation . 
  people have an inflated sense of importance . 
  or just a phase . 
  their primary export is tourism , and it 's huge . 
  let 's hope the ecb 's stress tests of periphery banks were genuine and thorough , because they 're going to be severely stressed over the coming weeks and months . 
  it 's a win-win and a no-brainer . 
  it 's only really the stubbornness of politicians that 's kept it going this long . 
  then a swift export-led recovery without the burden of debt . 
  makes perfect sense when you realise that the euro was the thing keeping them in depression . 
  why is greece down the drain ? 
  seems to me defaulting is an excellent chance to rebuild , like iceland . 
  unless this is the outcome that they wanted all along . 
  iceland 's currency collapsed in 2008 ( and is still at that low level ) , and their suffering was only very short term . 
  they exported their way out of it without the burden of debts . 
  [ their gdp is growing in real terms ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=iceland+gdp ) as it was before the crisis ( and has been since 2009 - i.e. 
  the crisis lasted not much more than a year ) . 
  i do n't think that 's the case . 
  it has got to the point where the alternatives are : 1 ) accept the `` institution 's '' proposals and therefore austerity , 2 ) reject their proposals and most probably leave the eurozone . 
  the government has a mandate to do neither of these , so they must go back to the people . 
  depends whether or not they follow a similar path to iceland . 
  personally , i think he 'll go down as someone who finally stood up to the creditors . 
  it 's not being a statesman to just submit . 
  i think they just do n't have the mandate to take greece out of the euro ( which is the likely outcome of rejecting ) - that 's not what the people voted them in for . 
  it 's not the best in some situations , but this is clearly a time when the government does not have the mandate to make this particular decision , so it must go back to the people . 
  it 's certainly an interesting article . 
  having lived in both england and france , i 'm pretty sure that the differences are such that neither one is actually better than the other . 
  the problem is that both tend to make straight comparisons where they are not necessarily helpful . 
  there is a different view of how to spend one 's life , and neither can really see the benefits from the other 's point of view . 
   we 're anti-eu in the sense that we want less of the eu . 
  that 's not anti-eu . 
  the uk wants to be part of the eu , making it pro-eu - it just does n't want to head towards a use . 
  the uk government is * not * anti-eu , nor is the people . 
  i do n't know where you get this information from . 
  but if they 're then exporting the refined products , surely the import price does n't matter to them as much , assuming the price of the exported products does n't change in dollar terms .
