not to mention the spires in the background ... 
  the basic premise is to get the ball down the hole in fewer shots than your opponent . 
  in essence , it 's rather a simple game . 
  i 'm not talking about planned devaluation - devaluing would have happened automatically if , say , greece had their own currency . 
  traders would have sold the currency as the economy went down , providing a route out of the crisis through export . 
  if you ever got into power , i 'd be very worried indeed . 
  i 'll qualify it by saying that they are the largest economy and the bundesbank has the greatest influence of all the central banks . 
  the exchange rate of the euro , and european monetary policy , is certainly dominated by germany . 
  because they had stronger economies whose * natural * exchange rate was closer to that of the euro - in fact the euro is too weak for those countries , meaning that they could export at the expense of others ( and still can ) . 
  the southern countries ' economies ( france somewhat included ) could n't handle it - it completely crushed them . 
  the problem is that it is dominated by germany , not how it was conceived . 
  the euro benefits the germans the most , and weaker economies be damned . 
  not direct , but look at the way the polls have changed party policies - they are all more eurosceptic now because that is the will of the people . 
  non-eu does n't mean isolated . 
  your comments in this thread are too sensationalist . 
  i think you have an agenda rather than trying to have a discussion . 
  it was n't because of national governments - tight monetary policy caused a depression where they should have been able to devalue the currency and become competitive again . 
   it 's like a priest trying to crowbar religion into a conversation or radio programme . 
  i thought at first that you were referring to op posting this article . 
  take estonia , for example . 
  they have 5 meps out of 750 or so . 
  can those 5 significantly affect economic policy within the european parliament ? 
  outside of it , their economic policy would be determined within their own country - i.e. 
  they would have economic sovereignty . 
  it all depends on whether or not you think that any small country within the eu has the ability to significantly decide their own economic policy , according to their own needs . 
  if not , then they do n't have sovereignty in practice , even though they may have a theoretical `` pooled sovereignty '' . 
  that may or may not be true , but it 's not exactly what we 're discussing here . 
  yes , but that is n't sovereignty . 
  i do n't claim to know all the details about ukraine , i just thought it was funny that economic sovereignty was referred to as the `` most relevant '' , yet it 's almost a definition of the union that countries do not have sovereignty , with the most important macro-economic decisions being made centrally within the union . 
   economic sovereignty surely this exactly what the eu is taking away . 
  just a note about the bbc and the guardian - they are heavily pro-ukrainian/anti-russian . 
  everyone has an agenda , let 's not forget that . 
  with those you listed you 're only hearing one side of the story . 
  that side may well agree with your own world view , but it 's not independent and unbiased . 
  do n't worry , it 's not going to happen . 
  the fear campaigning will be great on the pro-eu side , and the british will waver . 
   but i think a too loud `` britain out ! '', 
  might cause the rosbifs to stay in just to spite us ... ah , having lived in the uk for many years , i can tell you that that 's a little off the mark . 
  sounds coherent to me . 
  you do n't need all the states involved in order to create a use . 
  banbury road too . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not cut-and-dried . 
  unlike the link to smoking and lung cancer . 
  without hard facts on all of these things in context it 's pointless to speculate really . 
  [ apparently you 're more likely to get hit if you 're wearing a helmet ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/somerset/5334208.stm ) . 
  i 'm sure of it . 
  there need to be real numbers on this before being able to make the correct decision . 
  evidence suggests that people are more likely to get hit by cars if they are wearing a helmet . 
  strange but [ apparently true ] ( http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/england/somerset/5334208.stm ) . 
  not if it 's designated as a cycle route ( source : oxford ) . 
  the evidence as to whether or not it 's better to wear a helmet is mixed . 
  is n't this the point - that they have cut deficits with austerity and stimulated the economy with monetary stimulus ? 
  exactly . 
  and it seems to be working for them . 
  the british would probably disagree . 
  it seems that it may not be austerity that 's the problem , but doing it without complementary monetary stimulus . 
  it 's ridiculous really . 
  the somerset levels are reclaimed land - it amazes me that people can blame the government when natural forces revert it back to a more natural state . 
  [ nope ] ( https://www.google.com/finance?q=usdcny ) , well not in the sense that you mean anyway . 
  it 's not kept at a single level but the level is ` managed ' . 
  sacked , then a new job with a western employer . 
  some statistics have less meaning than others . 
  this one is hard to draw meaning from without a lot more context . 
  i have no doubt that they are connected , but without all sorts of other figures for context , this is fairly meaningless . 
  this is gdp , not government budget . 
  i 'm not sure that 's exactly in the spirit of the intention of the original post . 
  while i understand your point , the american civil war is hardly recent . 
   so one has to think `` oh , it 's surrounded by green and not by blue , so it has to be colder than green '' i do n't think you think like that . 
  for me , at first glance it 's completely obvious what 's going on , even if there are better colour choices . 
  the bbc has a far less sensationalist title to [ their piece ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-25740462 ) , and i ca n't find `` reform eu or britain quits '' in either one . 
  the guardian is getting worse ... 
  a sharia approved bank account - does that just mean that you do n't get any interest ? 
  not really sure attenborough sits comfortably in that list . 
  faraday and maxwell would have been better choices . 
  so it 's effectively state media . 
  i was thinking that it might be some sort of propaganda machine , so i looked at the articles from the uk : guardian , guardian , guardian , ft , independent , guardian ... 
  although it may be news from all over europe , i do n't think it 's exactly * balanced * news from all over europe . 
  i 'm not certain that they would be defined as aztecs before the start of the aztec empire . 
  horg spelled backwards is nazi-sympathiser . 
   not their increase . 
  fees were introduced in 1998 , and increased a couple of times by parliament in the 2000s , and scottish mps definitely played a role in that . 
  well it passed by about 15 votes , and there were something like 40 scottish votes passing it . 
  i seem to remember quite a few saying words like `` disgraceful '' and `` shameful '' about them, 
  if i remember correctly , tuition fees were introduced over the whole of the uk in the late 90s , and it was devolvution that led to it becoming free in scotland . 
  oh , and it was scottish mps who got the vote passed to increase the fees for england !, 
  ah , got you . 
  english please ? 
  is it free for foreign students ? 
  this article is just one part of an ever-increasing trend of british patriotism . 
  whether it be championing british food ( there are two programmes on bbc2 today about british food ) , british science , or more recently and more disturbingly , a gameshow called `` i love my country '' , british patriotism and propaganda is rife . 
  edit : as i write , i 've just noticed [ this ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-24304418 ) on the bbc homepage . 
  i 've lived with two scots and an irishman , and recognised no significant difference apart from the accent . 
  in my experience they 're all pretty similar really . 
  culturally , it 's a gaping void between the entities of the british isles and anyone else . 
   culturally we are just too different you 're as different from the english as geordies are from the cornish - i.e. 
  not really . 
  yep , support could peter out completely . 
   much of the reason is careless pundits who focus on the fact that scotland habitually returns 40 + labour mps , but who forget that it also sends members to westminster from the other parties to offset them . 
  in october 1974 , for example -- which we 'll discover shortly is a significant date -- labour won 41 scottish seats . 
  that sounds impressive , until you realise that scotland also voted in 30 non-labour mps ( 16 tory , 11 snp , 3 liberal ) , meaning that the net contribution of scotland towards a labour majority was just 11 .
