price is pretty nice indeed . 
  liquid inside can however , is nowhere near good . 
   crappy and cheap ones 250ml cheapest can costs 0.29 $ . 
  you can buy 1l bottle of same energy drink for 0.58 $ . 
  it 's nothing like redbull or monster . 
  that 's not the actual problem . 
  kids/teenagers heavily overuse it . 
  drinking litter + + of energy drink ( crappy and cheap ones ) a day , 7 days a week , 4 weeks a month , 12 months a year , is n't good for your health . 
  you do n't really understand what 's the case , do you ? 
  this . 
  tip for traveling in great dutchy of lithuania - check if meter was reset to 0 . 
  i 've seen some cases where taxi drivers scams like that . 
  i 'm citizen of great dutchy of lithuania . 
  i war meow while throwing spears , shooting crossbow , and denieing christ . 
  now i wonder , how diferent europe would be if great dutchy of lithuania still existed . 
  of course it wo n't . 
  but it wo n't get better either . 
  i also mentioned it kinda depends on where you live . 
  for example in my city tel\u0161iai , there 's low amount of jobs , i wo n't even mentioned low wage . 
  in such cities as vilnius , kaunas or klaipeda it 's way better for sure . 
  but you know , you ca n't just sell your flat and move to another city . 
  anyway , using widely-used currency rather than your own country currency , makes it easier and better . 
  if it expanded into europe ( into some strong country , norway perhaps ) , it would get even better for sure . 
  i guess your stocks are outside latvia too ? 
  if bussiness is multi-country ( not really sure how to call that , but i guess you get it ) and most/all of them has euro , it 's super good . 
  but if you 're regular worker , economy wo n't get any noticeable boost for you . 
  no idea man :( atleast we 've super fast internet right ? 
  and pretty good lasers industry . . 
  lets combine them both ? 
  browser crashed . 
  trashy school computers . 
  anyway , after second try , seems like we 're somewhere on average . 
  now i wonder if it 's based on country average wage . 
  atleast you guys earn more than us . 
  but afaik , economy got worse after you adapted euro , right ? 
  while 524 is average here ( lithuania ) , you need some luck getting anything better than minimal - 289 . 
  oh and prices are way overpriced too . 
  this should have more factors , like minimal wage of each country , and how much it costs to live monthly . 
  edit : should have mentioned , wages kinda depend on city . 
  prices ( even houses/flat ) is pretty much same everywhere . 
  i can buy same sized flat/house for same price in klaipeda as in mi city tel\u0161iai . 
  that means none of them will want come in my country . 
  good enough for me , lets hope they go back . 
  we 're both in jail , and lithuania is picking up the soap :(, 
  it 's little bit aggressive , keep it nice and sporty . 
  refugees will cause trouble for sure , so i guess we will need more of these . 
  we will need lots of police and aras . 
  jobs for our people !, 
  indeed it was nice . 
  now make us proud , and beat france . 
  we promise to wreck spain . 
  you can send all your absolut here , thanks !, 
  oh right . 
  what is sweden anyway ? 
  hard-working ? 
  yes , those who emigrate , mostly are hardworking . 
  not much of them are friendly though - ugly truth . 
  but those who are friendly , is super good at it . 
  well in that case it will just get worse . 
  sadly :d, 
  not sure bout others , but most of lithuanians are scumbags . 
  you 've got lucky to meet good ones . 
  source : am lithuanian , disgusted by people in my country . 
  i was in vilnius few years ago , and there was pretty much alot grafitti . 
  with people emigrating from my country , this is pretty much true . 
  we should n't count them into clueless people list tbh . 
  where are clueless people , excluding young kids and elders ? 
  parental stuff was n't 100 % related to school . 
  lithuania barely does anything stupid , but if we do , it 's hilarious . 
  they also wanted to change `` mom '' and `` dad '' to `` parent # 1 '' and `` parent # 2 '' . 
  they actually had that in web school-diary . 
  1st graders ( 6 ~ 7y/o ) have to assign which toys are for girls , and which ones are for boys . 
  not only bike , ball and board-games are completly unisex , there 's no problems at all any of them playing with others tools . 
  yeah , fuck lithuania for doing that . 
  i hope putin nukes their ass for good . 
  who the fuck i am then , if not baltic ? 
  can we be nordic ? 
  that 's cheese-product . 
  but they are smuggling actual cheese to . 
  it is from lithuania . 
  most of them are from '' \u017demaitijos pienas '' as far as i know ( info about all those cheese smugling was over internet month ago - most of sources mentioned \u017demaitijos pienas cheese being taken to belarus , re-branded ( new package/stickers ) and sold in russia . ), 
  i personally hate our beer . 
  it 's disgusting , barely any taste : /, 
  keyboard + mouse would be easier + more accurate ... 
  340 days `` hack / u/fuppen and troll / u/tech _ itch - this will be hilarious lol xd '', 
  bandaid is plaster you put on wounds . 
  you 're thinking of barrel . 
  is sees whats yous dids theres . 
  i 'm lithuanian , and i dont know either ... 
  i 'm pretty sure it will be more than a shot . 
  shitty advertisement for rent , mate . 
  good job . 
  putin is going invade us now . 
  nice one . 
  is australia participating ? 
  remember us being together ? 
  better come back and join us , 
  rephrase that . 
  please . 
  i 'm afraid i misunderstood it .
