  if you read again you will find he is actually opposed to any intervention . 
  also , giving isis regional dominance is the most stupid idea ever . 
  first of all they are batshit insane and incapable of governance . 
  second , they are not interested in regional dominance . 
  thirdly , why should the rest of the world care about the intricacies of tribal politics and the sunni/shia divide ? 
  it is not our problem and that gets way to finnicky . 
  not all sunni 's and shia 's are incapable of living with eachother . 
  we should focus our efforts on them . 
  isis is not shia/sunni or whatever . 
  they are islamic nazi 's . 
  isis needs to be defeated and disappear . 
  remember when rumsfeld told [ ` old europe ' ] ( http://www.nbcnews.com/video/msnbc-news/4017033#4017033 ) to stfu ? 
  you illustrate my point perfectly . 
  if you want to stop people from coming you have to take away the reason they are coming . 
  economic or not is irrelevant . 
  they will be coming in ever increasing numbers if whatever reason they are fleeing is not taken away . 
  building ever higher walls and fences does not solve anything . 
  it does not adress any causes . 
  thats like trying to hold the door closed while your house drifts away in a massive flood . 
  fix the flood because your door will not hold . 
  so in the netherlands we have a saying : `` dweilen met de kraan open '' . 
  i do n't know of any equivalents in english , but directly translated it means something like `` mopping the floor with the tap open . '', 
  i think this applies to the migrantflow . 
  should we not be totally focusing on ending isis and the conflict in syria ( the cause ) instead of this hopeless fiddling with fences and hunting boats ? 
  the flow is only to get worse if more conflicts arise in the middle east and africa . 
  we are fighting symptoms , not the disease which is isis and islamic extremism . 
  this inaction on the cause also makes us having to depend on erdogans whims . 
  it also gives rise to right-wing extremism and racism in europe , which i detest . 
  fear and inaction will only lead to ever more darker paths . 
  i view putting up border fences and hunting boats as actually doing nothing but pussy-footing around the problem . 
  i know many europeans were against interventions in the middle-east in the past and rightly feel they are not to blame , but we are sure feeling the effects of it and that makes it our problem too . 
  building ever higher walls is not fixing the problem but letting it rot and fester and spriral more and more out of control . 
  dams will break . 
  go cycling, 
  * `` i fart in your general direction '' *, 
  i would me money not put on results of that website, 
  this kind of drama is very undutch . 
  i was talking about how the media in general has become just sets of competing megaphones . 
  every day there 's something to be angry about , somebody to hate and villyfy . 
  i 'm just so tired having to be angry about everything all the fucking time . 
  it makes no sense . 
  that 's assuring . 
  but you know , somewhere out there some looneybin just took your comment to start sketching out a ` road to victory ' . 
  prepare for the geen peil warmachine to badger us until it happens anyway . 
  they will be relentless . 
  i 'm so tired of the 24h propaganda from all sides . 
  the fucking circus all the time . 
  i wish we were that grey boring country again that nobody could find on a map . 
  we need to stop ripping off the rest of the world and stoking up wars of choice . 
  even a fascist demagogue ca n't stop the hunger of a rich industrialized nation for resources and labour . 
  i do n't think it 's going to make any difference . 
  no amount of flagwaving and marching around in shiny boots is going to stop that . 
  living in the netherlands myself i do understand the pressures of migration and multiculturalism to the country and it needs to change . 
  but migrants and refugees are an effect , not a cause . 
  any self respecting fascist leader would problably in the end just want to go to their countries and kill them all . 
  that will create another problem : where to get cheap labour and thereby resources now ? 
  problably he will the turn to the most powerless among his own population and put them to work . 
  `` for the greater good '' or something like that . 
  that could be you . 
  or they will turn to slavery under a new name . 
  all these things have been tried before . 
  they do n't work . 
  free people produce more and more efficiently . 
  talk like that is just another form of fairytales for the masses so a few can fill their pockets . 
  i was not talking about mutually beneficial trade like between the us and europe . 
  i was talking about real exploitation and other dirt : slave labour , sweatshops , trafficking , the killing of lumumba , the propping up of saddam , the killing of saddam , sap , imf loan sharks etc. 
  you know , the ` economic hitman ' - type of practices . 
  those kind of actions create instability , they create wars , poverty , inequality and as an effect many migrants . 
  but the fact is we need those kind of practices to continue for the good of our own economy . 
  do tell . 
  i 'm all up for some real economics . 
  seriously . 
  if you do n't want mass immigration the eu and other rich advanced economic regions should really stop the mass exploitation of the rest of the world . 
  but they ca n't do that because a lot of their wealth , stabilty and prosperity is built upon it . 
  as long as the rich elite of the world needs to fund dictators , stoke up conflict to get to resources for cheap , buy from sweatshops etc. 
  there will be migration . 
  economic migrants , political migrants does n't matter . 
  people will run from warzones and misery and follow the money trail to safety and stabilty . 
  this will create more and more conflict . 
  we need oil for cheap , blood minerals for cheap , clothes for cheap , everthing for cheap . 
  this is the price you pay . 
  even worse , say hypothetically africa was a powerful economic continent with stability and democracy etc. 
  we ca n't have that because it probably would mean we would have to pay more for everything we now get from that continent for discount prices . 
  that 's also why so many aspiring african democratic leaders get assasinated . 
  there really is no escape from this . 
  you will have to keep exploiting to maintain your living standard . 
  if there was no misery and poverty to exploit elsewhere your economy would collapse . 
  so unless there is some global paradigm shift in economic thinking we will keep producing and consuming until there is nothing left to consume . 
  migrants will continue to be fleeing from the ever growing political deserts this economic situation creates . 
  they will continue to die or be killed in ever growing numbers . 
  in the future , when they have all perished the violence will probably turn inwards and people in europe will start bashing each others heads in like they did in the middle ages . 
  in the end there will be one single fat bastard left . 
  he may call himself the ` winner ' . 
  he will die of hunger because there 's nothing left to eat . 
  too obvious , but the same applies . 
  thought i just use some examples that more recently are picking up strenght . 
  all dick-tators are nothing but petulant toddlers . 
  never give these fuckers power or you 'll end up like the usa or turkey . 
  do n't worry . 
  when i see the words ` russian journalist ' i immediately stop taking it seriously .
