weak minds call for strong leaders . 
  this is what happens when people start talking with their mouth full . 
  le pen already sold her ass to russia . 
  erdogan is like the oprah of purges . 
  can we have a live thread for the purges ? 
  i ca n't keep up anymore . 
  is this coming to a point where people just stop counting ? 
  it 's good to be the king !, 
  no i really meant eurasia . 
  interesting . 
  just looked it up a [ bit ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/counter-guerrilla ) . 
  now all we have to do is prove it is connected to this weeks events . 
  i have to say that it is all so vague that it is ripe for abuse by anyone who holds political power in turkey . 
  edit : found another [ link ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/deep_state ) for those interested . 
   * the ideology of the deep state is seen by leftists as being anti-worker or ultra-nationalist ; [ citation needed ] by islamists as being anti-islamic and secularist ; by ethnic kurds as being anti-kurdish , and by liberal democrats as anti-democratic and anti-liberal . 
  [ 6 ] as pointed out by former prime minister b\u00fclent ecevit , the diversity of opinion reflects a disagreement over what constitutes the deep state *, 
  ah yes , the infamous deep state . 
  i have seen a dutch-turkish propaganda video where they called it the ` english deep state ' . 
  tbh it sounds more like eurasia to me . 
  a fictional enemy that can not be seen or measured for size to which anyone can belong . 
  feels like a classical tale of ' they are amongst us ' . 
  a fiction to feed the paranoia and stifle dissent by creating a ` snitch-environment ' where everyone is suspicous of everyone . 
  i fear for them too . 
  if there are so many enemies , where were they during the coup ? 
  wtf is happening, 
  the mayor of ankara sounds ready for a group home . 
  fighting fire with gasoline . 
  was geintje , 
  yes , i see that now . 
  and so i learn . 
  maybe i am not reading right but all i hear is isis and migrants . 
  i was under the impression that the syrian conflict created such instability and pressure at europe 's borders that it set in motion massive displacement of people all across north africa , the middle east and as far as afghanistan and bangladesh . 
  is that not the case ? 
  i 'm sure i saw some bangladeshis on a beach on tv and i was thinking ` whaat ' . 
  also they came walking , from bangladesh . 
  it was crazy . 
  but if the syrian conflict would now stabilize as you say , this would again make the flow of other migrants more managable . 
  i still think the real solution for economic migrants is in their countries , not at our borders . 
  i was focusing more on syria and isis right now . 
  there is a wide concencus that isis needs to go and we as an international community should act on that . 
  militarily maybe , but more important politically and diplomatically . 
  the first is always dependent on the latter . 
  right now , i have the feeling that isis is playing us . 
  it is setting us up against each other . 
  we need to focus our energy on building an international coalition against isis , not on fiddling with boats and fences . 
  we look stupid and afraid . 
  about other conflicts : they are all different and i think that in many cases military solutions will only make matters worse . 
  main causes of civil war are still poverty , economic uncertainty , inequality and things like that . 
  in the end soldiers do net end conflicts , politicians do . 
  i am also afraid that there are a lot of parties and business interests that do not want these conflicts to end because they are making a lot of money of it in the short term . 
  we need changes in for instance the way the imf and world bank work , changes in the way we do business with each other . 
  right now there is too much focus on short term maximum profits without thinking about the long term consequences . 
  a bit of a pipe dream , i know . 
  i was saying we should focus on isis , not the migrants . 
  we should put all our focus on ending the conflict , which should stop much more of the current increase in migrant flow . 
  i agree that you can and should not have to take care of the whole world . 
  but i see too much focus on the migrants from politicians and way too little actual efforts to end the conflict . 
  we are being pandered with migrant-solutions because they have no real answers to the conflict . 
  i 'm not buying it . 
  as for erdogan , i still see it as a dependency and it sets us up to be blackmailed . 
  i believe many of the terrorists were actually homegrown ? 
  yet they feed on the conflicts in the middle-east . 
  same in the netherlands ( van gogh murder ) , same in orlando . 
  the afghan conflict and many others are examples where in the past conflict was actually ` created ' instead of ended . 
  and we are all witness now of the effects of that . 
  we are still paying for it . 
  all of that is wasted money and energy . 
  as for the bigger story . 
  structural solutions are i agree very difficult and long term . 
  i 'm not even sure if there are any . 
  there is enough wealth in the middle-east and africa , the problem is inequality . 
  i am all for ending massive economic migration and displacement of people . 
  it is not sustainable and creates massive tensions within populations . 
  but just labeling somebody economic migrant does not actually change or solve anything . 
  i am not looking to solve the worlds problems . 
  practically , looking at isis and the syrian conflict i just find that right now all we talk about is migrants . 
  which is not where our focus should be . 
  i understand what you are saying . 
  but it all still seems a game of very expensive and dangerous whack-a-mole to me . 
  what i hate most about it is that it makes us dependant on the whims of erdogan and the like . 
  and how about terrorist attacks ? 
  no wall high enough is going to stop a suitcase bomb . 
  we need to look at causes , not consequences . 
  again , only focusing on symptoms is not going to work . 
  if that is the biggest problem then we should focus all our efforts on the causes of economic migration . 
  not the symptoms ( economic refugees ) . 
  i do n't know  we dun goofed ? 
  i just know that building walls and fences is only stalling the problem and not fixing it . 
  are we going to wait until we have to ? 
  wait until half of the world is in shambles or on fire and literally everybody left will come to europe ? 
  solutions can be found in the way we do business . 
  for instance we have to seriously and for real stop the giving of money to shit governments . 
  we have to stop the propping up of dictators and other madmen for short term gains . 
  the world has become too small for that . 
  but i have no easy solutions . 
   is is causing people to flee , from syria , from iraq , from libya , from egypt , from niger , from senegal , from eritrea from afghanistan . . 
  he never stated that . 
  there are many conflicts causing massive displacement of people . 
  do not throw them all together . 
  currently , concerning europe , the biggest part is people fleeing from isis .
