yeah let 's compare the powerhouse usa to the netherlands . 
  and they helped us with the marshallplan , i.e. 
  ` we lend you money to buy stuff from us exlcusively to boost our own economy ' . 
  that 's my comment and i stand by it . 
  i genuinely do n't understand why we should just let our own shit cripple to help other countries that are not in the eu . 
  this is real life , not some fairy tale where you wish everyone lived happily ever after it works . 
  it 's not mutually beneficial . 
  do you think by signing this a bunch of dutch people will be able to go to ukraine to work ? 
  do you realize the differences in wages etc ? 
  we 're in recession . 
  economy is still not very good . 
  i do n't see how adding more low-wage workers is goign to do anything for us , espiaclly since we have a shitton of dutch people without work already . 
  you think about sentiments and morals , i think about the practicalities . 
  if people voicing their opinion is all it takes you make you ashamed of your nationality then you 've got bigger problems . 
  it 's not like we elected fuckign hitler which is what most of these comments sound like, 
  if you think this is siding with russia you are fucking retarded, 
  fuck off cunt edit : ah you removed the part where you hoped more planes like mh17 were shot down ? 
  piece of shit, 
  they call him osama bin poetin for fucks sake . . 
  he called all dutch people assholes for voting against ukraine so yeah pretty spot on, 
   why would anyone object to helping ukraine economically ? 
  let 's just be realistic here . 
  if this treaty comes , ukraine will get financial aid from the eu , free movement of people between here and there without visums etc , and we open ourselves to the warshit that 's happening there . 
  being able to sell a few flowers to them just does n't cut it imho . 
  because we want to help ourselves economically ? 
  it 's hard to help others when your own country is having a hard time . 
  rather we build our strength so we can actually aid countries later on . 
  i voted for this referendum and i honestly could not care less what other countries think about this . 
  edit : downvote away for not agreeing, 
  and i thought i was n't really going anywhere in life . . 
  thanks fuckhead my future looks just a bit brighter now . 
  wait for real ? 
  end fathers day is a thing ? 
  that 's absolutely fucked , what do you even accomplish with that ? 
  my dad is amazing and we do n't really need a fathers day but i can understand it feels nice to have . 
  i use it as an extra reason to give him a gift and drink a beer with him . 
  who would want to end that, 
  the renting market is absolutely fucked here, 
  it 's an example , there are other countries out there with the similar cultures and values that are safe . 
  and they 're not mine at all . 
  if they seek refuge they should follow the rules and procedures just like everyone else . 
  we 're only creating more problems by dumping them in western countries with entirely different values than they have, 
  nederland . 
  yeah exactly but that proves they 're migrants right ? 
  so put them in a refugee centre where they get food and shelter until there 's a clear vision on what to do . 
  i do n't know what the plan is now but letting them just live on the streets seems like a terrible idea : x, 
  it 's harsh but i 'd rather help the people in my own country that are in shitty living situations . 
  i do n't understand why they have to go to europe when there 's plenty of other safe countries where the culture is more like theirs . 
  i bet the eu would sponsor the fuck out of refugee camps in turkey et al. 
  you ca n't preventively do it but you can check the people that are in your country for passports and such , if they ca n't provide you put them in centers so they can get deported . 
  that 's silly man . 
  turkey is safe and wealty , they have enough space to park immigrants . 
  from there on you can start the selection process . 
  mass-immigration is a terrible idea in the way europe is structured , with schengen and all . 
  i 'm not against immigration and i 'm extremely pro integration but not everyone is sincere . 
  i agree that those people have the human right to get to safety and we should help them , but our culture is so vastly different as to where they come from integration is not do-able for everyone . 
  do you really think integrating immigrants is so cheap ? 
  i ca n't for the life of me find a house to rent , taxes are high to support our welfare and healthcare system which works if there are enough people that contribute ( and is currently still being broken down because we simply ca n't pay for it ) . 
  what is succesful integration ? 
  speaking the language , western values ( things like women are equal , homosexuality is fine etc ) , being able to get a proper job , a house etc. 
  do you think they 'll become happy citizens if they do n't fit into the culture here ? 
  it would be silly to deny the largest part of these immigrants are muslim and their way of thinking does not mesh with my way of thinking ( and the majority of other dutch people i think ) . 
  so what 's the point ? 
  you may think it 's not cool that i do n't want to accept certain people into my country but the thing is it 's our country and we can fucking decide what kind of people we want here . 
  we still have problems with the people that are already here , i think we need to double efforts to integrate them instead of importing even more people . 
  why do n't they just stay in a safe country that is a better fit to their culture ? 
  there 's already so much bitching about the way we do things here . 
  he thought it was okay to kill people over opinions so i 'm having a hard time sympathizing . 
  holy shit there 's only a 1 letter difference, 
  and dat internet speed is fucking amazing, 
  i think he 's incompetent , he has n't even managed a top side only been the assistant manager . 
  he has a clear preference for ajax players while they are not the best choice . 
  for example playing van rhijn in the rb position while janmaat is so much better and experienced on a higher level , which shows because van rhijn cost us a penalty because he made an amateur tackle . 
  there 's no vision and adaptability in his play , when bmi got a red card in a must win match he took our striker off and put a defender on . 
  he could have started playing with 3 in the back and focus more on attack . 
  we do n't even have many quality defenders and it showed . 
  someone like koeman is the right choice to manage the nt . 
  how often are you on reddit in an average week ? 
  everyday . 
  i 'm a programming student so i always have a reddit tab open . 
  how often do you visit / r/europe [ 2 ] ? 
  everyday . 
  what country are you normally resident in ? 
  the netherlands . 
  do you speak any languages besides english ? 
  ( if yes : which and to what level ? ), 
  dutch , fluently . 
  what interests you about europe ? 
  it 's my home , the countries inside it , the culture , ca n't think of a better place to be . 
  what are your favourite and least favourite things about / r/europe [ 3 ] ? 
  i like the different points of view , and the similarities between the different countries in europe . 
  it 's really interesting . 
  i 'm less fond of the blatant harassment and rulebreaking . 
  do you have experience as a moderator or similar ? 
  i 've been a moderator on a few different forums and i run the newly created / r/nec . 
  why do you want to be a moderator ? 
  i 'm not sure . 
  i think it 's mainly to relieve the stress put on the existing moderators . 
  i like this subreddit and i would like to help keep the really bad rulebreakers out of here . 
  why do you think you would be a good moderator ?
