i 'd voted for that at eurovision, 
   i predict he will win the popular vote but lose due to the electoral college system . 
  much more likely for the reverse to happen, 
  i was a fan of outstria . 
  i think part of it is being an island nation . 
  well under that logic we 're reclaiming the east coast of america , canada , australia , india and anywhere else we stuck our flag in the ground . 
   uk has the best sites in europe for wind turbines , but they do n't really utilize that , instead they are investing in nuclear . 
  also our government hates onshore wind for some reason . 
  ( probably because nimby 's live in the best locations ), 
    that 's not the problem . 
  the problem is that he has ties to the ones making the laws . 
  these lunatics exist in every country , but in most of them they just scream their ideas in a pub , not near the president unless you 're america , where they are trying to be president, 
   all lorries carrying goods across the channel get a full customs inspection this worries me because it could completely gridlock dover and northern ireland, 
  obama 's popularity has shot up in the usa , politicians become more popular when the alternatives are n't better . 
  it was some guy called archie duke who shot an ostrich because he was hungry ? 
  what idiots thoughts a conservative government would spend more on the nhs ? 
  we 're going to have a lot of angry voters in the 2020 election, 
   2 coast guard this seems oddly specific, 
  it 's pretty impressive the sun can demand it 's readers use high power appliances whilst complaining about energy costs . 
  pretty surprised the daily mirror is that low . 
  i saw an article on the bbc , and that basically is it . 
  which is a real pain for the northern irish who voted remain . 
  i do n't know , the civil service have already made murmurs about the fact we 'd need some sort of customs unions to avoid dealing with customs checks at dover , which we 're not properly prepared for . 
  there 's also the problem of an irish border , which is overlooked by many . 
  ukip are like that at the moment , they ca n't decide what they are now they achieved their goal . 
  is that why we 're hearing more about calais over here ? 
   a group of patriots , namely `` bloc against islam '' , organized a staged isis attack in the old town square . 
  some people were amused , some confused , some panicked . 
  any reason why they did this ? 
  it was great seeing whoever it was in the trump campaign say `` they were talking about getting the nra out to vote '' , when he said `` if she gets to pick her judges , nothing you can do , folks , although the second amendment people , maybe there is . 
  i do n't know . '', 
  it was mentioned in a few newspapers here discussing euroscepticism in mainland europe that it would be a lot harder for the netherlands to leave the eu , is that true ? 
  that website really needs to figure out that , if 2 or more countries are tied , you do n't follow up with the next rank down . 
  also how the hell are only 15 countries equal or above 100 ? 
  someone was paid to design that ... 
  so basically a scottish pound , but pegged to the euro ? 
  would be interesting , especially given how many scots will still have pound sterling in the form of coins and notes . 
  can confirm , i thought we could beat iceland . 
  united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland at the moment but not scotland . 
   canada + abunchofwatercannons crap , i 'm still glad this is funny . 
  someone threw an egg at a politician , and the politician turned around and punched him in the uk . 
  i see what you did there, 
   no passports : holiday instead in margate , skegness , and ** luton ** that is a crime against humanity, 
  the main problem with / r/ukpolitics at the moment is there 's some particularly nasty trolls who are trying to attack multiple users , and setting up new accounts to evade attempts to block them . 
  they also act out as `` reformed left-wingers '' who are just far-right agitators . 
  it was 15 seats under for the tories , and i think it overestimated the smaller parties slightly . 
  is n't that sort of why vnl and fvd have come about ? 
  yeah , at ~ 5 % or below then the results could be explained by trolling or misinterpreting the question, 
  good joke !, 
  you have a love for eurovision that non-europeans just do n't understand . 
  what do 50plus actually do ? 
  interesting . 
  i 've been watching the polls for the netherlands , but the latest one i saw showed 13 parties getting seats , and apparently a coalition could be many parties . 
   but did n't he get into a bit of a scandal the other day with his wife ? 
  is there a french politician who has n't done that ? 
  50pls are n't far right though , are n't they a single-issue party ? 
  but we already have our own virgin islands, 
   does macron have something similar that will unite voters to his cause ? 
  could oppose trump i guess, 
  depends on how laws on autonomous vehicles are written, 
  are n't sgp basically `` if mike huckabee was dutch ? '', 
  i thought cda were more centrist than right-wing ? 
  i 've encountered enough idiots who do n't realise armenia is not a muslim country, 
  people still do that , as well as using imperial with height . 
  1.86 m and 66kg means little to a lot of brits, 
  sounds like the opposite to britain , where the expression `` that 's good '' can mean anything from `` it 's brilliant '' to `` it 's fucking shit '' just by the way it 's said, 
  more wondering how they 're to blame, 
   so china had its own crisis of the third century when it broke up into three pieces ? 
  is n't that the basis of the dynasty warriors series ? 
   fear of life  homosexuality  prostitution  sexuality  useless eaters um , what ? 
  it 's supposedly more balanced , and user surveys suggest that , but it 's not exactly civil at times . 
  called me a lunatic by addressing a secondary point i made , then later accused me of being a whiny millennial . 
  there 's a 4th option , which would be for northern ireland to hold a referendum on whether or not to remain a member of the united kingdom , or join the republic of ireland, 
  i made the point on / r/ukpolitics that , if we do n't agree a customs union , there 's every chance the eu could force vehicles leaving northern ireland ( and dover ) into checks , creating a crisis . 
  not sure , but it 's been said about obama he is very punctual, 
  it 's from 2014, 
  you 're telling me / r/the _ schulz is n't true ? 
  might explain our recent eurovision results, 
   i do n't know , do people usually go to places where acts of terrorisms just happened ? 
  yes at times , unfortunately . 
  getting people away from the area also prevents any possible follow up attacks, 
  the sun could tell me the sky is blue and i 'd still stick my head out of the window to check, 
  what ever happened in the end with that case ? 
  generally speaking industrial scale genocide is frowned upon, 
  in some ways i think it could be beneficial to have a smaller population , but it would require a lot of changes to how we think about elderly care . 
  bet he came from florida, 
  it was irritating when it was revealed he was iranian and people jumped to the conclusion it was isis . 
  he just runs people around in circles and has no interest in debate . 
  same with that referendum guy . 
  yeah that one . 
  he 's also told me that he thinks the people would vote for a government who could cancel the debts private citizens owe to banks , and seize the money elites have in banks, 
  were you in the/r/ukpolitics thread on this issue ? 
  that was making me tear my hair out, 
  might be the first time the american and russian government are both trying to install the same leader in a foreign country, 
  \u00bf que ? 
  was it ancient rome where it did n't matter who your partner is as long as you were n't a bottom ? 
  germans are efficient, 
   i think the uk is actually safe from that particular nonsense . 
  the only territory i think anyone might claim would be ireland but i 've never heard nor seen any of that . 
  it was a bnp policy at one point to reunite ireland as part of a federal uk or something but that 's the most i ever saw,
