  not a bad deal really , if you 're a fan of course . 
  do n't worry , when i was a lad i was more concerned about the texture of food than the taste , he 'll learn ... he 'll learn . 
  not grammatically the differences [ are minor ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/scots_language#grammar ) . 
  small things like the preference for < subject  < verb  < indirect object  < direct object  over < subject  < verb  < direct object  < to  < indirect object  , but this is true of many british dialects for example `` he 'll sell you it '' ( common in the midlands and north of england ) instead of `` he 'll sell it to you '' . 
  the same erosion of grammatical gender and declension of nouns happened in scots as in english . 
  some slight difference regards articles . 
  nothing that serious . 
  i think we 're already pretty susceptible to plague , in the developed world at least with thousands travelling between every population hub every day . 
  all you really have to worry about are bacterial plagues immune to antibiotics and antibiotic resistance . 
  fire ? 
  seriously ? 
  we deal with fire in urban environments quite well already . 
  war would probably be less likely with everyone living in one place . 
  terrorism and revolution would probably be scarier thoughts . 
  natural disasters yes , it would probably be a good idea to build the city somewhere with few natural disasters i.e central europe , than somewhere on a fault line i.e california, 
  du w\u00fctend bruder ? 
  british , english , [ estuary english ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estuary_english ), 
  `` weak ass bitches '' , this is a sign of your lack of civilisation . 
  not having a culture of macho aggressive conservatism does n't make europeans weak ass bitches . 
  you 're basically seeing what you want to support your retarded ideology . 
  calling people `` normals '' , you must be 12 ... 
  that was hilarious !, 
  no because we 're grown ups . 
  however you seem to be a 15 year old hipster who thought the boosh was some elite club for teh cool kidz when it came out but now it 's gone too mainstream and `` normals '' , as in people who are normal and therefore are not cool , are quoting it because they consciously want to seem as if they 're `` kooky '' . 
  i 'm going to go right ahead and assume you are still in school because every bit of sentiment expressed you your previous post makes me want to throttle you in your sleep . 
  whether that be the notion that the type of people who watch and quote a programme impact its quality , the idea that being normal is somehow bad , or that you 're a special snowflake who belongs to a select grouping of people who are n't `` boring fucking normals '' . 
  if you are n't a teenage kid , or even worse are actually around 36 as your username suggests , then i strongly recommend therapy to deal with your juvenile mentality . 
  i realise it 's a joke but that is n't remotely what logic is an very much doubt that this anecdote ever happened . 
  what logicians actually study is more like programming than it is about making guesses on what is probably true . 
  in the uk i tend to go for [ something more like this ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/9/8184/8147697536_44cc2e8d05.jpg ) , but when i 'm in germany it 's all about [ this ] ( http://www.baerlifood-retail.de/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/3343z-laugenstange-belegt-mit-gekochtem-ei.jpg ), 
  so just to get this clear . 
  this is n't anything to do with the cost of goods in those countries , but is to do with whether the us dollar has risen in value more than or less than the currency in the other country has risen in value . 
  so you are n't getting `` bang for your buck '' in australia because the australian dollar has risen in value more than the us dollar has been rising in value and the same for the chinese yuan . 
  however you are getting comparative bang for your buck in norway because the us dollar has risen in value in the last year more than the norwegian krone . 
  it just seems a strange way to use `` bang for your buck '' , because as far as i understand that expression it 's suggesting that if bangs were a product you could buy more bangs per buck than you could elsewhere . 
  as in , `` you 'll get more bang for your buck in mexico than in new york '' . 
  i mean i guess you could suggest that because the dollar now buys more krone a holiday might be cheaper for an american than before . 
  but it does n't really entail that since whilst the dollar might have risen in value over the krone hypothetically the price of goods and services in norway could have doubled over the past year . 
  i mean the value assigned to a currency is kind of misleading anyway . 
  if you somehow evenly removed half the dollars evenly from the us it would n't make the us any poorer , like making everyone had over their dollars for `` new dollars '' at the rate of 2:1 , a new dollar would suddenly buy twice as much stuff . 
  likewise a currency might be reduced in value , upping exports and bring more money into the country making that country richer . 
  i 'm torn . 
  i like munich a lot . 
  there 's a decent nightlife scene and enough going on so i 'm not bored . 
  however life here is almost a bit too safe and comfortable ( and also quite pricey ) . 
  i could settle down here when i 'm older but i 'm not really looking for that , i do n't intend to stay in germany forever just a few years . 
  the big cities in the uk have a proper urban feel that munich lacks and i miss that . 
  everyone rants and raves about berlin beings this cool exciting edgey city , basically the opposite of munich with its wealthy safe conservative vibe . 
  however if there are too many native english speaking ex-pats it becomes a bit of a clich\u00e9 , it could be excluding since you 'll just be yet another ex-pat clogging up the city . 
  it would n't be like really being in germany . 
  m\u00fcnchen does have a good balance of ex-pats , enough that you 'll always find some but not enough that the locals hate you , the circles i move in seem to be a equal mix of ex-pats and germans ( although often out of towners ) . 
  if not berlin i 'm considering k\u00f6ln . 
  it 's a tough decision . 
  i 'm already in germany , just thinking of checking out somewhere else . 
  like the daily mail in the uk does with immigration , the bild and many other newspapers play off the moral outrage of the middle classes except in germany it 's centred around eurozone politics and the bailouts . 
  well it says . 
  the german liar press ( tabloid rags ) hand in hand with the mainstream media . 
  force financed by the german people . 
  scandalous . 
  i do n't understand why it 's getting so many downvotes ? 
  i guess because zdf is publicly financed too ? 
  edit : why downvote i genuinely do n't understand ? 
  a dutchie telling a german to drink dutch beer . 
  oh no you did n't ... !, 
  someone 's ignorance of yiddish is showing . 
  in german mensch means human or person , but in yiddish you can say `` er ist ein richtiger mensch '' about anyone to say say he/she is a top notch person . 
  do n't tell the bavarians, 
  just do n't ski off piste and there 's nothing to worry about . 
  sounds like perfect video game music, 
  i am british and have lived in germany about 8 months and my german is about b1 hopefully going up to b2 soon . 
  however a friend of mine arrived in germany from croatia around the same time as me and when she arrived her german was n't much better than mine , maybe slightly because she 'd studied it in school , but i can attest from 8 years of french in school it does n't really teach you to use a language . 
  anyway now her german is approaching c1 and i 'm still miles behind . 
  why ? 
  because no one would even consider her for a job until she was b2 , and because no one was interested in speaking english with her due to it being no better than the average german 's . 
  however when i let on i 'm british or people locate my accent then they love swapping to english with me , i was also able to find work that did n't require me to use german at all . 
  this is not a defence of the lazy ex-pats who do n't even try to learn the language beyond `` ein bier , bitte '' and `` sprechen sie englisch ? '', 
  but most countries do n't force native english speakers to learn like the speakers of other languages . 
  my point is n't that the lazy ex-pats have an excuse , but rather that the speakers of other languages ca n't so readily get away with it . 
  if spanish speakers could do the same , you 'd probably find a percentage of them are lazy and would n't learn the language too , but that is n't an option for them . 
  essentially it 's not that english speakers are uniquely lazy about learning other peoples ' languages , it 's that they get an easy ride if they are lazy about it . 
  of course the sentiment that this girl is expressing is a bit different because i would go as far as saying she 's expressing contempt for the notion that she should have to learn a language other than english at all , which is supremely arrogant and distasteful , being apologetic about your linguistic failings definitely goes a long way . 
  let 's face it , a large chunk of the british who move to spain are racist raging alcoholics who think they 'll get more bang for their retirement buck over there and do so with the sole intention of building a right wing racist british enclave on the spanish coast . 
  oh yes i 'm well aware that it 's seated in racism , but it manifests itself under the guise of concern for eurozone politics . 
  just as the disdain for free movement within the eu in the uk is founded founded in the self same racism but pretends to be concern for the pressure it allegedly puts on the nhs and benefits system . 
  nothing like the stories here . 
  but there was a guy in his mid 30s who would routinely come in and buy children 's clothes always girl 's and then return them after a day or two . 
  i do n't know if he had a really fussy daughter at home who we was buying for or was doing something more unsavoury with them . 
  we never once saw his daughter come in with him which you think we be logical the amount of times he returned them , he was also a pissy cunt who wore cycling stuff , he 'd be really entitled when getting the refunds . 
  i never cared about refunding stuff because the shop had a liberal refund policy , provided the clothes were n't dirty or damaged , and still recorded on the till ( so less than about 6 months old ) then you got a refund , store credit without a receipt or a cash refund with a receipt . 
  despite this a tiny minority of cunts get angry about not getting cash without a receipt or needing to have the credit/debit card on which they made the purchase . 
  also people who did n't understand we could only refund the value of the item as it is on the shelves without a receipt , since we had no way of knowing when you bought the item , no we 're not going to take your word you paid full price for it 2 months ago . 
  oh and also people would would try and return stuff they 'd been given for christmas in 1998 and had n't thought about returning until they were broke . 
  working in retail makes you realise that the following exist . 
  people who are virtually professional returners - they go on spending sprees and then return everything a few days later , returning more stuff than they could have possibility purchased sensibly and then naturally changed their minds about . 
  i did wonder if these people are bi-polar types who have manic episodes and buy all the things . 
  people who are professional complainers - these people have no shame and just want as much compensation for the most minor of problems . 
  few threads loose on the jacket they 've bought ? 
  i do n't want replaced i want a refund and to keep the jacket , or i want you to pay me for the repair i had have made ( yeah right ! ) . 
  these people just push for whatever they can get and sadly sometimes they 're successful and get compensated with gift vouchers and such further incentivising them . 
  scammers - these people use credit to buy stuff under fake names or on stolen cards .
