  you have no taste in eggs nor toast , go eat your undercooked toast and over cooked eggs , nobody cares about your opinion . 
  that 's unfair and wrong . 
  first because it 's not like they send him to shitty burger and chips for a fiver pubs is it ? 
  they send him to proper restaurants that at least to pretend to sell real passable food , places with real chefs ( or least those who claim to be real chefs ) , rather than some bloke who 's paid to microwave the ready meals and deep fry the chips in weatherspoon 's . 
  second because the people he 's having a go at are usually the restaurateurs and head chefs . 
  halfway decent chefs ( not the people there to do the grunt work ) get well over minimum wage and should give a fuck about food standards and cooking , otherwise why the fuck be a chef , restaurateurs should care because they want a successful business . 
  you rarely see him giving the sous chefs or potwash a hard time do you ? 
  so maybe a chef at a mid-level restaurant in a provincial city does n't have to give as much of a shit about food as ramsay does , but they should at least care enough to take a bollocking in order to receive tips from one of the most successful chefs in the world , no ? 
  god you absolute drip . 
  it 's a competitive industry , if you cry on receiving criticism perhaps consider a different line of work . 
  see you get it . 
  so many people bitching about his harsh methods . 
  fact is his harsh style is the kick up the arse many of the people he sees need to get them out of complacency . 
  if you 're going to charge people restaurant prices you should be good at what you do , and you do n't get good at what you do without that attitude . 
  if you do n't like it then open a burger van . 
  this is expat syndrome if i ever saw it . 
  quite common in americans although britons can be prone to it too ( especially the ones that move to spain ) . 
  go somewhere with an idealised image of the place from holidays or simply cultural interest . 
  first few months they only see the good in things and enjoy the buzz of being somewhere strange . 
  however once they honeymoon 's over fall into a pattern of comparing everything to home , or at least their image of what home is like which is becoming steadily more idealised itself the longer you 're away . 
  sure everyone is a little guilty of this but the worst at the one 's who lack self-awareness and the ability to distinguish individual experiences from general trends . 
  get bad service in a restaurant ? 
  british service is terrible . 
  german is rude to you and does n't smile when you ask for directions ? 
  germans are unfriendly . 
  add to that cultural differences ... perhaps what an american perceives as good service would be perceived as intrusive elsewhere ? 
  or just random fucking differences that are n't even a thing . 
  british eggs taste wrong , the bacon in france is too thin and so on . 
  all in all results in a lot of whiny fucks who shit talk the places they 've lived never realising they 're just irrationally attached to the place they 've wrapped their identity up in . 
  he 's not insufferable , people are just hypersensitive . 
  sad but true so it 's good advice . 
  yes sometimes you get a good similar minded person who you can be more honest with , but mostly you 'll get a soulless hr drone looking for anything to clinch the decision between candidates . 
  good hobbies are instruments , foreign languages , art , sports , outdoor pursuits , charity work and so on . 
  bad hobbies are films ( who does n't watch films ) , reading ( most people can read ) , socialising/seeing friends ( this is a basic human need , should be taken for granted ) , listening to music and especially video games ( which still gets a bad rap in many circles ) . 
  you have to play up to a notion of some cheesy well rounded super pro-active successful person , when we all know in reality lying around in your underwear consuming entertainment with intermittent masturbation occasionally dragging yourself to get drunk with friends during your free time is the far more normal and enjoyable way to be . 
  if you think he 's straight up disrespectful then i would n't want to know what would happen if you met someone straight up disrespectful . 
  that would be alleschen, 
  no americans are more concerned with appearing tough ans mature more like ... 
  these people are taken seriously by some , it 's scary . 
  every expat is entitled to a little moan now and then . 
  but you 've got to have the self awareness to keep it in check . 
  when i worked in a restaurant in the uk the tips were shared by the whole staff relative to number of hours they worked , including the chefs so i 've always thought of tips as a more overall quality thing rather than just something for the waiter . 
  not content with pronouncing every vowel in every word as most americans outside the north east do , he 's taken to adding his own . 
  to show his contempt for engerland . 
  that 's not my experience . 
  in germany people people are sneaky , if a new till is opened in a shop then there 's no maintaining the queue and alternating which till you go to , oh no , the people at the back of the queue literally sprint for it first come first served . 
  in fact i 've never been this type of spontaneous alternating queuing anywhere but the uk . 
  too socialist !, 
  so great that i , like most of the world , have never even fucking heard of it . 
  certainly more important than the first human to run the 4 minute mile . 
  wow , in my university accommodation we drank all day , took recreational drugs and tried to have as much casual sex as possible . 
  i mean fuck we were taking coke and mandy pretty regular and barely a day went by without smoking weed . 
  i mean the smell was permeating the walls . 
  hell one time some of us almost died from too much gbl , some people were really into ketamine . 
  i 'm amazed nobody got kicked out , all this on campus property with phd students taking responsibility for supervision but they frankly could n't have given less of a fuck . 
  to think that some places do n't allow candles just does n't compute in my brain . 
  big government bad , hoa good . 
  an historic is quite common in the uk cos it gets run together to anistoric . 
  it was considered correct form in the 19th and late 20th century and is retained in some peoples ' speech pattern . 
  you would n't write an history though , unless you were a cockney who drops all his - h 's ( or a frog i suppose ! ), 
  the roads of the past . 
  if you added rivers you 'd find almost every large settlement in the world is by water . 
  of the coastal place many will be near major estuaries . 
  i 'll add that in the uk places with 100,000 + people are often no counted as cities but as towns . 
  there are towns with 300,000 + , since you only get to call yourself a city if you 've got a cathedral . 
  it 's just one of those weird traditional naming traditions . 
  although i 'm sure those places were counted for this map . 
  it makes me laugh a bit when american cities have only 30,000 people . 
  what a crock o'shit . 
  the falklands were never part of argentina . 
  a lot of argentina comes from europe themselves so they have no native claim . 
  the british found the islands uninhabited and left a bunch of british people there . 
  who inhabited them and made them british . 
  the only argentinien claim is they happen to be the nearest country . 
  america happily has hawaii . 
  wtf is your problem ? 
  that 's the original pronunciation . 
  it 's because the word comes from french batterie , and french systematically drops vowels that come in the middle of the word . 
  [ you can hear the french pronunciation here . 
  ] ( https://translate.google.co.uk/#en/fr/battery ) following this many british people and some east coast americans will drop the vowel before all - ry sounds . 
  laboratory = lab-boh-rut-ry , mandatory = man-dut-ry , contemporary = con-temp-puh-ry . 
  i mean this pronunciation has actual historical routes , anyone who says its wrong is a moron without a knowledge of how the language was actually formed . 
  no i 'm pretty sure you do n't . 
  fyi if you 're pronouncing english phonetically you 're doing it wrong . 
  absolutely he/she has lists and lists of links to cherry picked sensationalist articles , misleading stats and unaccredited sources ready to go at any moment , much like mighterthanthou, 
  imo the oscars are a crock of shit and crap films win stuff all the time . 
  the imitation game was very good though . 
  crazy what some people are coming up with for this , testament to the way people see things differently . 
  for me the wind was symbolic of the struggle that creates the impetus for society to function . 
  historically human life has been defined by struggling against something . 
  struggle against nature and all the ways it tries to kill us , starvation , predators , the elements and so forth . 
  struggle against the rival tribe across the valley who want to murder us in our sleep and take what 's ours . 
  then struggle against the common foes of the nation , the fight for the prosperity of the kingdom . 
  in more modern times the struggle to succeed in a society where your well being is dictated by your wealth , to attain money , the thing that is only valuable because people have faith in its value . 
  without struggle the system does n't work , there is no incentive to act when there is no fight to attain something , as such things fall apart because we ca n't function without this primordial struggle to achieve some ends . 
  this is represented by how for the moment when the winds are stopped everything ceases to function , because the society was engineered around the overcoming of a constant resistance . 
  the man who winds the turbines presents us with the idea that within society that someone must create this struggle . 
  unless the tribal leader presents us with a shared goal the tribe with break apart into bickering and dissolution , without the king and aristocracy to define our common friends and foes there political is discord , without the economy , the banks and financial markets to support it , there is no resistance to motivate us to overcome . 
  accustomed to the system as we are , were all our needs met in abundance we 'd be unable to do or make anything of worth . 
  we are like the people in video , our society built around the constant struggle against the resistance symbolised by the wind .
