  to be honest they 're rarely german and usually not men !, 
  just go with the 50 cent - 1 euro rule imo, 
  rural east midlands you say ? 
  live in rutland or lincoln ? 
  passed a polish farm labourer on your way down the a1 and did n't like the look of him ? 
  vote ukip !, 
  ukip also does alright outside major cities with the people who left the city because they could n't stand all the darkies . 
  i always thought there was something off about all that `` thai '' curry . 
  lol why is he talking like a moron , does he think that will make him understand : / it 's a 40 euros . 
  it 's like the citrus tang , without actually being an orange flavour . 
  in another post i described it like this . 
  you have that really typical bubble gum flavour that you get from gum balls and stuff , but irn-bru does n't taste like that . 
  but then you have stuff like fruit flavoured gum that does n't taste of any specific fruit . 
  irn-bru is a bit like sticking a bunch of those in your mouth , it 's really tangy . 
  i also think it has a hint of ginger in it which gives it an ever so slightly fiery after taste . 
  especially it 's just really tangy with a slightly gingery twang . 
  it does n't taste of any specific fruit , but does n't have that really typical bubblegum flavour , it 's sharper than that . 
  best thing you can do is just order some online haha . 
  personally though i prefer vimto , that 's the shit !, 
  finnish people are n't normal i think we all knew that !, 
  well it 's all kind of bullshit anyway . 
  in germany the only places you have to pay for the toilet is the ones with turnstiles which are in train stations mostly , and occasionally in really busy tourist spots . 
  you do n't have to pay the toilet attendant at any of the places that have these guys instead of turnstiles , they ca n't stop you using the lavs , you pay as you leave . 
  it 's just a dick thing to do when there 's someone whose job is solely to clean the toilets , in return you get spotless toilets in bars and restaurants . 
  furthermore you can get water for free too , if you specifically ask for tap water they 'll give it to you , but it 's just not the done thing outside certain circumstances . 
  if you just ask for water they 'll give you mineral water ( sparkling , another thing that americans do n't like ) . 
  the practice of giving people a jug of free tap water for the table just is n't a thing culturally , in america they 'll often bring you one whether you want it not . 
  if you went into somewhere and said i 'm dehydrated / feel ill and have no money can i have some tap water please of course they 'd give you some , they 're not going to watch you suffer . 
  if you pay for a drink and say can i have a glass of tap water too most places would probably oblige . 
  it 's just there does n't exist this notion of being entitled to water even when you 're perfectly fine without it and have money to buy some mineral water but are too cheap to do so . 
  in the uk paid toilets are very rare , and often the toilets in busy public spaces are grim . 
  they do n't hire additional staff and someone half heartedly cleans them once every 4 hours or so when its their turn on the roster . 
  toilet attendants are a fair trade off . 
  i also do n't really understand the entitlement to water thing either . 
  it just seems kind of pointless . 
  no one 's going to deny you water in a time of need but why should you have a endless tap water in a restaurant when they 're trying to make money of selling drinks ? 
  in the uk you can not legally deny someone tap water either but it seems a bit unnecessary to have it as a given . 
  in germany they do n't want people coming just to eat and drinking tap water because they make most their money off drinks anyway so it seems like a fair point to me . 
  most of these americans are bitching because they ordered water to the table in a restaurant and were brought mineral water , were then too embarrassed not to pay for it ( that might make them look weak in front of the europoors ) , and then bitched all the way back to the us about devious europeans tricking them into paying for water because even water is n't free in europe . 
  i doubt anyone specifically requested tap water and were told no . 
  yeah , do n't forget to put and an offensive pseudo-serbian accent when you do it . 
  they understand that better than speaking normally . 
  that 's what a found most abysmal . 
  fuck time to sequester myself : / ( for a whole hour ), 
  nah , doubt it mate . 
  no just no . 
  it might fly in poor countries with unstable economies but it 's pretty much like paying with tissue paper . 
  unless you 're going to hand over 20 of them it 's not even worth going to the bank to get it changed . 
  dollars are not a keep sake for fuck 's sake . 
  maybe if you 're someone who is on holiday in america , but trying to hand over your currency to someone in their own country is fucking insulting . 
  they 'd have none better to tip nothing . 
  maybe in finland they have free coffee , that 's not how it works here . 
   why the fuck would n't you ? 
  there is no shortage of fresh water . 
  drinking water is like 0,00001 % of all water usage anyway . 
  it 's nothing to do with the value of the water so that 's a moot point . 
  it 's the fact you 're quenching your thirst with something you have n't paid for in a place purposed for the sale of drinks . 
  it 's to do with the loss of revenue from its provision that ultimately has to be paid up elsewhere . 
   what 's with this obsession to have the customer to bend over backwards to maximise the `` profits '' of a restaurant by such brilliant gimmicks as not serving water ? 
  that 's so utterly stupid . 
  not giving out tap water willy nilly is n't a `` gimmick '' . 
  fyi when the restaurants make more profit they can sell food and drink cheaper . 
  whatever potential profit is lost by giving everyone jugs of water , in that it makes them buy less drinks , has to be added to the cost of the food and drink anyway . 
  the restaurant is going to have to operate at a certain margin regardless of whether it provides water or not . 
   lunch secials pretty much always come with a soda anyway . 
  the water is just an optional bonus and just there. , because why the fuck not ? 
  maybe in finland they give out soda for free , but frankly that 's bullshit . 
  firstly because most meals do n't come with a free drink . 
  if they do come with a `` free drink '' then that drink as been included into the price of the meal thus raising the price . 
  personally i 'd rather have the option to buy the meal cheaper without having to pay for a drink i 'm not even sure i want . 
  you do n't seem to get the basic economics of it all at all . 
  for example in mcdonalds the price of buying your fries and burger separately is usually equal or almost equal to the price of buying the meal . 
  only an idiot would think that means the drink is free . 
  it means the price of single items is inflated relative the cost of the meal to encourage you to buy the damn meal because the overall margin on the meal is better for mcdonalds . 
   why ?!?!?!? 
  what is so goddamn hard about water ? 
  how would your life improve if restaurants did n't serve water for free ? 
  i 've already explained in terms of basic economics . 
  if more people buy drinks when jugs of water are n't handed out willy nilly then profits are higher . 
  if the market is competitive , which it is in most places , then it wo n't translate into richer restaurateurs but cheaper food and drink . 
  if the added value brought to the restaurant by giving away free water were high enough to mean people made more profit giving it away than not , insofar as people valued free water to the extent that it would make a difference to the number of customers , then everyone would start offering free water as they do in america . 
  but customers in germany obviously do n't care enough for it to be the case , so the system is appropriate for the market . 
   sorrry , but to suggest that the level of customer service in finland is `` entitlement '' is pretty hilarious, 
  again you 're talking shit , what has this to do with customer service . 
  maybe finnish people value free water to the extent that benefits restaurants to provide it ? 
  good for finland , everywhere is not finland you know . 
  it does n't give you the right to judge a country for having different market preferences . 
  you are only entitled to free water in finland or america because that 's what people have come to expect and thus if it was n't sold it would negatively affect the business more than not providing it would aid it . 
  you do n't seem to be getting my point . 
  i do n't give a fuck if restaurants give away free water or not . 
  what i dislike is the arrogance to assume that just because it appropriate for one set of people then there 's something terribly wrong if it 's not appropriate for another . 
  it 's the arrogance of assuming your way is the de facto correct way and the entitlement of thinking that table tap water is a human right or something . 
   bk has free soda refills as well , btw ... 
  good for you ? 
  unpopular opinion time , but i did n't rate the episode very much . 
  i feel like a lot of the episode was spent setting up predictable events . 
  we did n't see how ramsay did his attack . 
  loads of time building up to the death of shireen , a character that i really could n't give a shit about ( i know other people do , but she 's never seemed plot central to me , her only attributes to me seem to be reading teacher and has king 's blood ) . 
  stannis ' burning her did n't really seem all that authentic , he 's a man who 's known for being absolutely just following his code , it seemed out of character because they did n't spend enough time showing us how he has sunk to that level of desperation . 
  all we saw was davos telling him how fucked he is and him being in denial .
