  4.4 % of the uk is muslim , they 're not taking over any time soon . 
   traditional muslim garb, 
  butcher 's coat ... 
  seriously , this is no different from walking into a china town with anti-chinese literature , or walking to a black area with anti-black literature . 
  of course people are going to get pissed . 
  most the uk does not have that many muslims . 
  4.4 % of the uk is muslim , and that includes the anglicised 3 generation ones , the kurds and everyone else . 
  lol , well done for proving that muslims are unoriginal baby namers . 
  no they 're not , see this is the problem with media these days people take it way out of context . 
  apparently , there 's been a few cases where some muslim youths were shouting abuse at people outside their mosque for having alcohol and at women who were n't covered up . 
  however , when you say that the british people are `` having problems '' with it you make it sound like it 's remotely normal or even a common occurrence . 
  these are a few isolated incidences that ignore that millions of non-muslims walk through muslim areas in the uk everyday and are totally ignored by the locals regardless of whether they 're drinking alcohol or are women showing skin . 
  in fact , in most of the uk the poor british whites and muslims live side by side and there 's very little hostility if any . 
  most the muslims in the uk are n't even that strict in their religion , they 're muslims when it suits them to be but not when they want to go out drinking , smoking weed or bang some girl . 
  what happened was no different from a gay acting gay man walking through rural alabama and getting abused for it , or a white guy in smart clothes walking through some black ghetto and getting abused for it , shit happens from time to time . 
  also there are only a few inner city areas in the whole uk that are predominantly muslim . 
  i never understood why we needed to respell hannover to hanover , it 's not like the native spelling is any more complicated for english speaking mouths . 
  that makes sense . 
  9.99 yen ? 
  why do those examples need to happen in the uk for them not to be any different . 
  you can make a comparison across cultures as well as within one . 
  also luton is essentially a london suburb these days . 
  the important thing is that most british towns / cities are not majority muslim . 
  the uk is 4.4 % muslim . 
  some people do enjoy it otherwise they would n't do it . 
  usually the fucked up kind of stuff we see here does n't happen until someone builds a tolerance . 
  in the uk it 's very popular with the homeless and people on parole who might be subject to drug tests . 
  homeless take it because it fucks them up cheaply making it easier to stand living on the streets , they ca n't be arrested for it and it 's easy to obtain . 
  cannabis does n't offer anywhere near the level of mental dissociation or intensity , and also cannabis quickly builds a tolerance in regular users . 
  people on parole take it usually because they were heavy cannabis users and need something like cannabis to function . 
  you just do n't hear of regular people saying how great it is because they can just buy weed instead and not deal with the weird side effects . 
  this was like one of the first really drug / heroin films paving the way for requiem for a dream and trainspotting and stuff . 
  david bowie did the soundtrack . 
  really tragic brutal story of a teenage girl that gets into heroin in berlin in the mid 70s . 
  some people on reddit love to circlejerk that all religious people are intolerant . 
  there are plenty of liberal muslims who do n't hate gays . 
  maybe they 're not pro gay in the same way that some non-religious people are strongly in support of gay rights , but they would never support discrimination against gays and have a live and let live mentality . 
  again this is bullshit . 
  in the uk the majority of muslims are liberal , and there is actually conflict within the muslim community between more integrated liberal muslims and more hardcore groups . 
  i mean look at the kurds , most kurdish people come from a much more liberal muslim background that those in saudi arabia for example . 
  said the guy who lives on the other side of the planet . 
  here 's betting you 're not german . 
  when i lived in the uk i had very few friends . 
  just the people i knew in my hometown from my youth where i no longer lived and like 1 uni mate that i kept in touch with who also did n't live in my town . 
  my social life was reduced to just the occasional weekend when we 'd make the effort to see each other . 
  when i moved to germany i found it much easier to make friends . 
  people here seem quite open to making friends and all i had to do was make myself open to it as well . 
  in the uk i generally felt more closed off myself and that more people were closed off themselves . 
  for example , in a pub i might chat to some people in a friendly jokey british kind of way , but it would 've felt very awkward to see if they wanted to actually arrange to meet up on another occasion . 
  i remember trying it a few time and either being met with quiet awkwardness or one guy even asking me if i was gay and asking him out . 
  the same thing with organised clubs and stuff , i 'd be friends with people within the environment but afterwards people would n't really be interested in meet up outside that context . 
  i feel like in the uk being an adult in need of friends is seen as shameful , you should have friends and if you do n't then you must be defective . 
  there 's definitely an attitude that people you meet outside of an introduction through a mutual acquaintance is likely to be weird or crazy , when really it should be that people are assumed to be normal until proved otherwise . 
  our drinking culture is very different . 
  people do n't go out to socialise much any more . 
  you take your existing friends to a bar either to socialise amongst yourself and to chat up or be chat up by members of the opposite sex , maybe to talk some shit with the people around you , but not to make friends . 
  i know this because when i was younger and had a lot of friends there was definitely a strong sense of this divide , people who were not friends of friends were `` randoms '' , and `` randoms '' were immediately assumed to be weirdos or losers for not being part of the group . 
  you might chat to them briefly in a bar , but actually getting to know them was off the menu . 
  germany on the other hand seems to have a good culture of `` round tables '' and meet-ups . 
  ofc it helps being an ex-pat in a different country because it gives you a good excuse to get to know other people who speak your language , but i 've actually got to know loads of germans who were generally very friendly and keen to get to know british people . 
  people have invited me to their house parties and stuff after i 've met them in the pub on a few a occasions and generally seem to be happy to get to know you once they know you 're not a weirdo , while in england all that seems to matter if whether you 're a friend of a friend who can vouch for you . 
  i think brits have become more like americans just without the superficial friendliness . 
  in america there 's this general idea that anyone you meet could be a psychopath because of the fear spread around by the media , and there 's also more of an attitude that we are disparate communities living in the same location rather than one community . 
  so in a way we 're even worse off than the yanks are . 
  however in germany there 's a sense of local community and lack of anxiety around strangers , at least until they prove themselves to be odd . 
  aww i genuinely feel sorry for the little guy . 
  to the rest of the world , coriander ... 
  it 's hierarchy of understanding really . 
  i think what makes people so willing to treat their computers like magic though it because it 's not something you can really understand from the bottom up like most things , it 's really something people only understand top down , and the people who really understand it from the bottom up are few are far between . 
  for example , you have people that are like grandparents level who have computers but really do n't have a clue how to use them . 
  they learn how to click internet explorer and type in urls they 've written down in full on a piece of paper , they struggle to navigate a webpage . 
  their only use for it is to go from desktop to ie to yahoo mail and write an email . 
  as far as they are concerned everything about the computer is scary and confusing and they just stick to what they 've learnt by rote . 
  then you have people who are like mum level . 
  these people still do n't understand computers in the slightest but have a very basic level of mastery . 
  they have managed to upload photos from their digital camera or phone onto their hard drive . 
  they are comfortable navigating webpages . 
  they keep all their photos , videos and documents in a big folder named `` stuff '' because categorising is too complicated and would rather scroll through it all than actually remember where it was kept . 
  they can use stuff like facebook but fall for stupid spammy gimmicks and share stuff that 's obviously clickbait . 
  they are amazed when you use ctrl + c / ctrl + v to copy and paste rather than using the drop down menu . 
  they 're probably still getting their heads around browsing with multiple tabs . 
  then you have people you could call brother level . 
  these are generally the generation of people who 've grown up around computers but do n't have the remotest interest in them . 
  they are competent users provided they stick to relatively mundane tasks . 
  unlike the mum level they are comfortable doing things like installing software , properly managing folders . 
  they 've probably even have a favourite choice of browser and understand how it generally functions . 
  they can bookmark webpages , change their homepage , they probably even know some command shortcuts . 
  they can go into things like control panel without shitting a brick . 
  generally these people are competent users but get unstuck when anything starts to get `` technical '' . 
  then i guess you have the hobbyist level of understanding . 
  which is kind of where i 'm at . 
  the kind of person who has used run commands before , who does n't mind looking around the system files without feeling intimidated , someone who actually knows what dos is and has on occasion had to use it , who knows what it means to defrag a hard drive , who has braved raid bios , dared to reformat a hard drive and reinstall windows , the guy who gets called upon to do a system restore because some idiot did something stupid . 
  this type of person has probably swapped out hardware before but probably still needs to consult a guide while they do it , hell , they might have even built their own pc albeit constantly googling as they go . 
  they have an understanding of what all the computer components do even though they could n't really tell you how they do them . 
  they can use software that is n't all user friendly and does n't afraid of anything . 
  i 'll add that it sucks to be this guy because to the levels because to the levels below them they may as well be a magician , they will be called upon to fix every minor issue and expected to do it with ease regardless of how fucked the computer is , then they get given shit by the inept because they 've moved their desktop items or reorganised their folder system . 
  ( yes , it professionals get called upon to do all this stuff too , but at least their level of knowledge constitutes a marketable skill ) . 
  but of course , to anyone with professional background in it these people are just rank amateurs who do n't really understand the mechanics of what 's going on behind the scenes . 
  it 's only really here that people start to understand the nuts and bolts of the computer , and even then it 's still just another hierarchy . 
  the guy who runs a computer repair shop is really just a more evolved hobbyist .
