  whether a skilled doctor wants to work public or private is really up to personal choice in the end , they get paid quite well either way , also there are opportunities to do both for many medical professionals , which can work out well for everyone . 
  nobody watches soccer ... ( in one medium sized country where they insist on calling it soccer * ), 
  english midlands - try our delicious curry and faggots, 
  wow you 've given me incentive to make this now . 
  this will be my next project . 
  i ron is n't an english pronunciation of iron , nobody in the world says i-ron for iron . 
  you mean a bap right ? 
  because you should mean a bap , it 's only proper ... 
  do n't like the kidney ? 
  your deportation is imminent !, 
  game of thrones : season 5 ^ ^ ^ 3edgy4u, 
  a whole episode on it was n't enough ? 
  no i meant 5, 
  enhance !, 
  i can think of one , the japanese !, 
  pints ... metric ... indeed !, 
  three sevenths and two farthings, 
  so they shower then ? 
  bathe makes no sense in the shower, 
  wrong , as per merriam webster 's definition, 
   : to take a bath : to wash yourself in a bath, 
   : to wash ( someone ) in a container filled with water : to give a bath to ( someone ), 
   : to swim for pleasure, 
  to bathe , in both british or american english is to submerge oneself in water . 
  now , if you and your pals in your particular area and social strata of the usa were to understand the statement , `` he does n't bathe '' as meaning exactly the same as `` he does n't wash '' , that would be entirely a matter of your own colloquial idiosyncrasies , probably arising from the rarity of the need to specify that someone does n't use a bath . 
  it 's hardly fair to generalise your lack of nuance with the language to an entire nation now is it ? 
  frankly you 're just talking shit , i 'm pretty sure most americans would understand the statement `` he does n't bathe , he showers instead '' as anything but contradictory , so your equivocation is entirely inaccurate . 
  but thanks for the made up crap about american english you delivered with such confidence . 
  no it does n't , check merriam-webster , just because people use `` he does n't bathe '' to mean `` he does n't wash '' in some circumstances does n't imply it means the same . 
  i did but it 's entirely unrealistic to film that . 
  i thought they did it justice , the lannister plot less so ... 
  very sorry , but that 's bullshit populist ideology that 's caught on amongst people who do n't speak good . 
  one only need look at the degradation of the calibre of expression in the last sixty years to see that . 
  actually i 'm well aware of prescriptive vs descriptive linguistics . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that whilst taking up descriptive linguistic theories is all well and good for the academic study of remarkable linguistic features such as dialects , legitimate language evolution and new languages , given the poverty of prescriptive theory in the past . 
  it is no indication that we do away with standardised grammar and and vocabulary in a wave of trite populism . 
  it 's the linguistic equivalent of reading an account of moral relativism and deciding the implications are we all go out and start murdering and enslaving each other . 
  people who study grammar are actually called grammarians . 
  when you get down the nuts and bolts of it , yes language is usage , and that 's fine to understand if you 're a decent linguist , but to interpret it as you have is nothing more than a common misconception spread by childish half brained undergraduate students who took a few classes with a radically left wing failure of a linguistics professor . 
  sometimes people use language incorrectly that 's just exactly what it is , for example using `` then '' when `` than '' would be appropriate , to put this common error on a pedestal as the `` evolution '' of language , equivalent to a change across the whole community of speakers or the feature of some historic dialect as at all special or remarkable in any sense , is utterly utterly retarded . 
  sometimes people speak poorly or incorrectly , particularly when semantic value is lost as in the bathe or then/than example , and these people should n't be patted on the head and told they 're special because the guy who spent many many years using standardised english to become a published linguist has concluded that language boils down to usage , but rather corrected and told that their particular one man dialect is what we call `` wrong '' , despite the fact it seems to be a dirty word amongst some more hare brained language teachers these days . 
  standardisation serves an important purpose , it allows speakers to communicate flawlessly across vasts cultural divides often separated by large distances . 
  since language is at basic usage , and because langauge evolves , the standard is constantly being updated . 
  what this does n't mean is because a tiny minority speakers in the arse end of nowhere have decided that x now means y , that language has evolved , it has n't . 
  i hear americans do this far more often in canadians shops than vice versa . 
  i 'm pretty sure merriam-webster is the authority on american english, 
  yours resembles a victorian russian soldier, 
  all the stuff americans just do n't know because they 've spent their whole lives around modern stuff . 
  yet they 'll laugh at you for not knowing the difference between k-mart and walmart as if these things had been around literally forever . 
  the midlands are the best lands, 
  you can make it better with lots of chicken , cheese , hard boiled egg and croutons , do n't forget lashing of unhealthy caesar dressing . 
  got to get those carbs somehow . 
  because britannia rule the waves, 
  why on earth would you ask this here ? 
  baby wants to fuuuuuck ... 
  so you expect us to know whether or not certain actors on a television programme are correctly classified as midgets ? 
  it 's a fucking stupid question , and if you really need to know the answer then google is your friend . 
  this is a subreddit for asking questions best answered by people with experience living in the uk , questions that would be difficult to answer otherwise , not the `` ask whatever question remotely related to britain in the slightest way and expect someone else to google it for you '' subreddit . 
  the only male names in that list that 's going to go out of fashion there is chad . 
  those names are all as ancient as the english language . 
  unlucky , i watched the video and thought it is actually important , was about to share and then got cold feet realising that that i did n't know anything about it . 
  missed a bullet there !, 
  i imported one of these from the us because i thought it was so cool . 
  first day i wore it someone shouted `` fred durst wanker '' at me from a car and it lay in my drawer for the rest of time . 
  allo allo and are you being served do not deserve being bundled with mrs browns boys ... 
  the former were indeed predictable and tame , but they were indicative of their era , the latter uses similar tired formulaic bullshit 20 years later and is completely unapologetic about it . 
  being human is n't a comedy , just a formulaic bbc production that happens to be a supernatural drama , him and her was ok , nothing more . 
  you sound like a fucking wanker , furthermore it 's `` rule '' not `` rules '' , so your putting it in the past tense does n't even make sense . 
  why would you think i 'm anything but ? 
  it 's still a mildly offensive and stupid question . 
  weird i read your busch gardens tale yesterday , sounds terrible . 
  you 're still an arsehole for `` correcting '' me though , who really cares if the british navy is a shadow of its former self , imperialism is very out of fashion these days , i was quoting a well known song not making a statement about the current state of the british military . 
  87 words is a book now ? 
  you should read more books perhaps ... 
  [ now with narration ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0q30lpaalil ), 
  this is very hard to answer without at least some reference to the type of things you like to do . 
  england alone has the population of california and new york state combined , that means it has quite the variety of things to do . 
  clicked , saw the title , then noped the fuck out of there ... 
  ... i like to keep the choirboys after practice ... 
  wow this would be such a big deal . 
  i 'd start being my own person way more than i was . 
  i 'd drop the bad attitude of hiding behind the belief i was so cool and untouchable and youthful and therefore above it all . 
  i 'd be way more forward and unapologetic with girls that i liked . 
  i 'd study more deliberately towards getting good grades , and mess around the rest of the time rather than taking a more passive attitude of behaving yourself and attend everything and you 'll get through , this worked but it was n't very efficient . 
  i 'd understand that people are just people and you ca n't expect friends to be around forever and there 's nothing wrong with being more socially open and varied rather than cliquey and thinking people who were n't like this were somehow `` fake '' , for the most such people were simply behaving in a mature fashion and the friends who keep up the pretense of being `` down for life '' are immature and will eventually move on like everyone does , i 'd definitely drop some friend who despite claiming to be `` real '' were actually just negative user and a drain on me . 
  i would never start smoking , it 's so addictive . 
  i 'd take more interest in art and music and languages instead of thinking of them as `` gay '' and having the naive belief that all the matters is modern stuff like science . 
  ultimately i would n't waste so much of my youth hiding , only attending places that i thought were cool under the delusional belief that it was better to stay at home half the time rather than socialise more widely and risk being perceived as uncool . 
  it just felt like at that age image was everything , and you were still scared of the way children turn on each other in their early teens , so you just do n't make the most of that time , i clung to a few people when i could 've done much more , really you could be having the time of your life everyday if you only had the wisdom and courage to grab life by the balls and enjoy it to the fullest . 
  seriously at that age you have a rich and varied social life with plenty of attractive members of the opposite/same sex handed to you on a plate without any of the barriers that exist between adults in a modern environment , do n't sit around thinking about how cool it 'll be when you 're a badass in your late twenties with the money , respect , and trapping of an adult , it 's not like that at all - the time is now . 
  it brings me great satisfaction to know my voice was ringing out in public speaking such poetry in some unknown corner of the globe . 
  no that 's what word count is for ... 
  when youtube fucked up the front making it much for difficult for casual users to follow their subscribers . 
  really reduced the ease with which people could gain youtube success . 
  and do n't forget the jews, 
  all this usa chanting stuff is very weird to outsiders . 
  if usa really is number 1 why do you need to keep reinforcing it to yourselves ? 
  everyone knows that one guy at school who has to keep telling himself and other 's he 's the best , and that 's usually because he secretly feels inadequate ... 
  [ brace yourself ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rogxa48hq1g ), 
  why are the uk prices quoted as the full price without discount ?
