   right , so to summarize , despite an expert on the subject telling you otherwise , you 'd like to continue to assume that you know better . 
  no and i 've explained to you why . 
  btw that was a fast response , are you sitting at your computer primed to respond like the no chancer you are ? 
  btw `` over-estimate '' is n't a real word . 
  you are wrong about there being no plan . 
  now fuck off , if you respond again i 'm going to post lines of german poetry in response . 
  off you trot . 
  that was slow to start but amazing when you get into it . 
  guy is bananas in the most admirable of ways . 
  literally built himself a castle to spite the society that rejected him . 
  to be fair a see a hell of a lot more union jack handbags/t-shirts/jackets here in germany than the stars and stripes . 
  i do wonder why it seems to be part of fashion . 
  tragic ballad of western decadence . 
   americans tend to speak comparatively slowly and annunciate rs more strongly , which may make it easier for eal students to understand . 
  that 's completely subjective you realise ? 
  the sound a general american speaker uses to pronounce post-vocal - r ( aka rhotic ) only exists in one other language i know of , west frisian dialect , meaning that for almost all learners it 's a phoneme they would need to learn , adding another aspect of difficulty in the same way that learning pre-vocalic - r and - th or most speakers . 
  in my experience most do n't learn it since not using it wo n't impair understanding . 
  how fast people speak differs from person to person . 
  genam also merges many vowel sounds making it harder to distinguish between words like caught and cot , toco and taco and so forth . 
  it can also be very hard to distinguish between - t and - d e.g budder and butter . 
  all these phonetics differences can make it very difficult for learners . 
   it is also much less idiomatic than standard english . 
  citation needed . 
  i really do n't know why you think the opinion of one turkish guy is of relevance . 
  alight means to get off a train . 
  still used in most english speaking countries . 
  also sometimes used by the german transport agencies in their prerecorded english translations , much to the confusion of american tourists . 
  that would n't be well received in germany , nobody is barred on the basis of their accent , we have speakers of all kinds of accents , the only grounds to bar someone would if they though their english was non-standard or incomprehensible . 
  that shit flies in asia but is very unlikely here . 
  how can you compare hollywood to [ glorious cultural enlightenments like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnq2tmxeteu ), 
  the pro eu side is very much suffering from the problems of a positive position . 
  the leave crowd could have lost as many times as they 'd wanted , and a few years later they 'd have been demanding yet another referendum . 
  the problem then is when you get rid of something it 's gone for good , and if we leave that 's it forever . 
  it 's from the old days in russia , far more artistically worthwhile than any of your corrupt burger cartoons . 
  i 'm english , can pronounce `` kn '' , damn foreign knigits telling us what we can do . 
  why would you want that ? 
  i 'd much rather we maintained our centuries old union , became an eea member , protected our economy , and just worked on shutting the racists and idiots the hell up . 
  a short sharp shock to the economy might be the right way to do this . 
  scotland leaving would n't be short term pain , but a long term loss imo . 
  the guy can be the best organ player in the world , but that video clearly implicates that despite this he still thinks he greater and more important than he is . 
  i know you 've said that , i just do n't see scotland ( and potentially ni ) leaving as `` short term pain '' . 
  in the words of taylor swift , if we break up we ai n't never ever getting back together . 
  it 's true , i moved to germany and life is really nice here . 
  i think the society is actually super chill . 
  people are n't particularly judgemental . 
  do your job , pay your taxes , and the rest is up to you . 
  the work culture is really nice in that regard . 
  your boss is n't going to harp on at you about `` attitude '' or `` being a team player '' , nobody is constantly pressuring you to `` go the extra mile '' or whatever . 
  it 's quite simple , turn up on time , do your job up to scratch , and you can leave the office the moment the work day ends . 
  the joke is that in germany has paperwork for everything , and that is true , but in a way it 's nice , whatever problem you may be facing there will be a form to fill in to get it sorted . 
  lost your job ? 
  just go sign on , no interrogation or quibbling about whether you really need it . 
  no massive social stigma about not contributing to society , the system is there to be used , not to as a form of socialised humiliation . 
  also there 's a great educational culture , people respect qualifications and education rather than being dismissive and anti-intellectual . 
  you do n't get politicians boasting that they 're `` common sense '' thinkers or `` working men '' to the same degree . 
  most people have faith in people more educated than they are rather than despising them and calling them `` book smart '' or whatever . 
  you do n't see so many people boasting about coming from the `` university of life '' and how this somehow gave them insight that the eggheads ca n't see ( somehow this knowledge almost always ends up being a reflections of their own prejudices ) . 
  sure there are exceptions to this , nazi landlords who want you to piss sitting down , hang around outside your door to check if you 're smoking , but for the most nobody gives a fuck what kind of person you are , just follow the rules and you 'll be stress free . 
  it 's also worth bearing in mind that in this video they are living in bavaria , and bavaria is much more on the uptight and traditional side of the german cultural spectrum , in other parts of germany nobody could give two fucks if you make a bit of noise on a sunday . 
  job satisfaction is very high , because while britons and americans are stressing fighting each other for promotions , working all ours to prove their loyalty to the company , paying off mortgages they ca n't afford to get onto the `` property ladder '' , terrified of the next life event that might hit at any time , germans however are enjoying chilled out work environment , good job security , plenty of recreational time to spend with family or socialising with friends , and generally not having to worry about the common troubles of modern life so much . 
  there 's a great attitude that says life is meant to be enjoyed a long the way , whereas anglo culture is way more about constantly striving for the next carrot being dangled before you , and by the time you succeed you 're too old to truly make the most of it . 
  of course there are downsides . 
  the red tape and bureaucracy here can be infuriating at times . 
  there are antiquated rules about things like flat rentals that can actually make stuff like moving house much more difficult that necessary , the system can sometimes feel very much built around the average person at the expense of people who want to do things a bit differently . 
  if you move around a lot constantly registering yourself is tiresome , it 's annoying that you ca n't just go into an estate agents to find a property , but have to seek out landlords yourself , because the estate agents want thousands of euros just to find you a place to live , but on the whole the good outweighs the bad . 
  but is it better for the uk long term ? 
  or maybe better put , is it better for england , wales , scotland and n. ireland ( be they one country or many ) on aggregate . 
  he said , got a jar of magic beans , he said , killed all the white walkers , he said , turns out all your family are alive , he said . 
  are you a shark ? 
  more like the brits find the horse , and then the americans beat it until it 's dead and then until it 's nothing more than a stain on the roadside . 
  see : every successful american remake of a british show ever . 
  what do you mean ? 
  the original was 12 episodes over 3 seasons , the us version is vastly longer running . 
  you are the reason why people in other countries develop negative proconceptions about the us . 
  i ca n't take americans who ca n't take their mind out of their own little bubble seriously . 
  edit : guess you should have saved your american brand of ignorance for a time when only other americans would see it . 
  this is so bad it 's good . 
  weird thing i 've noticed about germany is that salad seems to be a massively popular order for take out here . 
  i have a friend who owns a pizza delivery place , and over half the orders are non-pizza orders . 
  people will order 2 salads , a soup , and some cheesy bread , rather than an actual pizza . 
  this also means they have dozens of different types , and they 're generally decent . 
  germans really like their take out salads . 
  try being british in the south of the us, 
  so i guess when the rolling stones and beatles copied blues and rockabilly that was like `` black face '' too . 
  a lot of people are profiting off stocks short term . 
  i know at its core stocks are meant to be about buying a part of a company , regular folk buying stocks as long term inflation beating investment , but these days the system is much more ruthlessly calculated . 
  people forget that investors could n't give a shit about the long term success of a company , they just make money now and limit their risk . 
  that 's nonsense frankly , if the shares are being traded publicly then you 're open to speculators . 
  speculators do not give a shit what your company actually does . 
  companies are bound by law to maximise returns for shareholders . 
  tesla probably does have private investors who believe in his vision and do n't care as much about short term return , but public shares means they 're bound by the same rules as everyone else . 
  sure they can make long term choices , but those choices have to be entered into with the legitimate belief that they 'll provide ultimately generate more profit than they cost . 
  also if you do n't provide something in the short term you 'll have money flowing out of your company and wo n't be as likely to succeed . 
  if people really just want to `` do cool stuff '' they are n't publicly traded . 
  k mate . 
  how about you get your own language , history , legal tradition before you start suggesting people do n't `` copy '' cultures they do n't understand . 
  i used to stop at that mcdonalds coming home from work at least once a week . 
  this is fucked . 
  if anyone wants to know about the area just ask . 
  things that people might want to know :,
