  emerge later as a professional sc2 player . 
  what did you do ? 
  what americans actually believe their government can do ... 
  the cruel and unusual thing is full enumerated too . 
  it 's just up to the respective government to interpret the law . 
  it 's not like america does n't welsh on extradition treaties either . 
  many americans seem to think the legal systems anywhere are are de facto corrupt and a joke . 
  imagine if there was an extradition notice for amanda knox , how probable do think it is that she 'd go back after being turned into a national sweetheart by the us press . 
  backstory ? 
  if you care to share that is . 
  got *, 
  yeah but his attitude made him deserve it imo . 
  it seemed pretty clear that he assumed he was really british . 
  saying stuff like `` i did n't like american tv '' as if it would impact the result show his ridiculous skewed sas outlook on what nationality is , americans actually believe that it makes them inherently british because they gravitate towards british television , or that they 're not true americans because they do n't love american tv . 
  as far as i see it if you 're born and raised in the uk you are british . 
  if you 're only one of these you could claim to be british american or whatever . 
  if you 're family is british but you are born and raised in america you 're still american , just with strong familial ties to the uk . 
  i have family who moved to america when they were barely out of nappies and honestly they 're american as far as i am concerned . 
  they sound american , know all about american stuff , eat like americans . 
  the only difference is that they would know more about britain than the average american and be able to understand more british language and references than most americans because their parents grew up in the uk . 
  you 're wishing minor injuries upon people what is wrong with you ? 
  tagged as hopes for minor injuries . 
  where did she come from cotton-eye joe ? 
  uk has crazy amount of tornadoes , most are so weak the worst they 'll do is ruin your leaf pile . 
  lol you these you 're even more of a hipster for looking down on these things ? 
  which is ironic , which is itself even more hipster . 
  le butthurt, 
  no op i would n't go that far . 
  get your feet back on spaceship earth . 
  must have got triggered *, 
  well he 's not native to london you 're right but you 're wrong when you say his accent would n't suggest so , it 's a very london accent [ just listen to his natural speaking voice ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pz5obf7kjwo&amp;t=41s ) . 
  it 's absolutely a london accent , from the way he says room , times , actress , girl , deal , it 's estuary english . 
  to be fair , this fact is highly misconstrued . 
  if you ask for a glass of tap water for some reason or the other , i.e feel sick , too hot , too drunk , my kid is thirsty , they 'll be happy to oblige . 
  what they do n't like is when people want to have water on their table with a meal or instead of a paid drink . 
  the reason for this stems from the fact that in much of europe the money is to be made on the drinks rather than the food , something that is often not the case in many countries with free water . 
  i see why nobody should be denied water in a case of need but i see no reason why anyone should be entitled to water just because they feel like it , why should they be obliged to give you water just because . 
  if ultimately they make more money not giving away water then that will make the other drinks cheaper by allowing tighter margins while remaining competitive , makes sense to me . 
  edit : yeah downvote me for stating an opinion you do n't like , that 's what the downvote button is for ... 
  mcdonalds is a similar price all over europe . 
  while in the uk that makes it one of the cheapest places to eat in other parts of europe it makes it a downright rip off . 
  you can actually eat in a very basic but tasty turkish restaurant for the same price . 
  in the uk the margins on alcohol are actually pretty poor , while the margins on food are astronomical , that 's why the traditional drinking pub is dying a death . 
  you 've just linked that to me twice . 
  fine i get your point , however regarding what i say in this comment it 's completely irrelevant . 
  listing a bunch of english words that happen to have a french does not make what i said untrue . 
  it 's been the fashion amongst the aristocracy to avoid unnecessary frenchification since the victorian era . 
  they would pronounce the - t in valet and fillet , they would say looking glass instead of mirror , pudding instead of dessert , napkin instead of serviette , enough instead of sufficient and so forth . 
   maybe this is just because i come from a country where water is both clean and cheap, 
  lol americans ... 
  the countries i 'm referring to have clean tap water too you realise ? 
   bottled water is very expensive , so it does n't make sense for restaurants to serve them, 
  that 's why you pay for it or just do n't have water ... 
  no it 's because they 're economical , unlike your country where you go mad for `` free '' stuff when it 's already included in the prices you 're paying . 
  frankly i 'd rather pay for my water and less for my wine/beer , just like i 'd rather pay 50 cent for a spotless toilet with paper hand towels than go in a free one that stinks of piss and has a shitty ineffective hand dryer . 
  oh and rofl at america being civilised . 
  yes , saying 30 % of english words have french roots is irrelevant to the question of whether the british aristocracy of the last 150ish years have scorned being unnecessarily francophone . 
  i accept the statistics you 've provided , fair enough , i guess there are more french root words than germanic , despite english being a germanic language . 
  would you rather have the low prices and be charged for extras ? 
  or pay higher prices and get freebies . 
  that 's the fundamental economic difference . 
  some countries love the idea of complimentary stuff , but ultimately it makes sense to pay for every little thing separately , it 's only a rip off when extras are charged for over and above what is normally free . 
  it does n't benefit you to be paying for extras you do n't use . 
  some people seem to for get that there 's no such thing as a free lunch , it 's about being economical , getting the best you can for the lowest price possible . 
  sure free tap water is a trivial example . 
  however it comes down to a difference in attitude . 
  people in some countries go mad over `` cheap '' things , in other countries there is no direct translation of `` cheap '' , there 's just one word meaning `` cheap and tacky '' and another word meaning `` value for money '' . 
  look at my one counter example , that definitely disprove the whole concept herp a derp derp . 
  i do n't state which time period my book is from hurr durr . 
  i suggest you look up ross - linguistic class-indicators in present-day english and noblesse oblige . 
  that was ice cold lol, 
  you take that back !, 
  not an expert remotely but can pass on my experience . 
  i was predicted aab , got abc . 
  my safety choices were an optimistic abb , most were aab . 
  so anyway i was worried about what to do , at that age i was desperate to go to uni since all my friends were and i wanted to leave my hometown . 
  so i went through clearing to grab any place i could doing the subject i wanted . 
  settled for a uni i was n't keen on and knew nothing about and that was that . 
  honestly , do n't do what i did , i ended up leaving that course within 6 months after i 'd stopped attending . 
  i did n't make friends on the course , and honestly i think that was because subconsciously i did n't want to be there and was just going through the motions . 
  i made friends outside the course and within a few months i just stopped attending everything and spent all my time drinking and worse . 
  i went back to work for a year and a half , reassessed my priorities and tried to figure out what my options were . 
  it gave me life experience regarding work and what i actually wanted . 
  then i reapplied for university after looking at everything i could do with the grades i had , focussing more on the experience that i wanted from university . 
  looking back on it now it makes me realise that when you 're that young you 've got a lot of time still , you do n't have to rush off and do university just because that 's what other people are doing . 
  if you 're not certain about something it 's better to go away and work for a year before going back into education than to rush into stuff you do n't want to do . 
  ergh , go watch it on 4od dummie . 
  thought about talking to them ? 
  saying that they have to find a solution to the smell ? 
  i do n't think whether he flouts a frankly ridiculous law is of any concern , but you 're perfectly within your rights not to want to deal with the smell of weed . 
  tell him he needs to go outside , vaporise ( much less smell ) or find some other solution . 
  why get the police involved or get him kicked out the building . 
  if you speak with him and he continues fine , but why ruin someone 's life before trying a more civilised approach ? 
  my neighbour smokes regularly but it does n't bother me remotely , just causes a smell in the hall , but maybe that 's because of the way your flat is set up . 
  i used to smoke and there are tonnes of things you can do to reduce smell , from putt a damp towel where the door meets the floor , smoking by a window with a fan , using a dryer tube , incense sticks . 
  none of it will remove the smell entirely but will reduce it to a more manageable level where it should n't be reaching your flat . 
  by smoke i mean smokes weed , i have a neighbour that smokes weed . 
  i can even tell when they 're smoking hash or bud when i walk past he door . 
  some people do seem to be particularly sensitive to the smell , but i do n't know how much of that is psychological . 
  i really do n't think any smell can get inside a room for three days .
