  in the south of england british people typically use this vowel for - ar , as in cart . 
  it 's also used in words that historically used a `` long a '' , a vestige of old english , which means that under certain circumstances long vowels were used . 
  examples of this would be past and grass . 
  ultimately this boils down the fact that many us dialects have eliminated two rounded back vowels that currently exist in most british accounts . 
  the vowels missing are the rounded open back vowel / \u0252 / , and the rounded open-mid back vowel / \u0254 / . 
  these are the vowels that british speakers would use in cot , and caught . 
  the vowel you are trying to describe in your post is the former , / \u0252 / . 
  us dialects have gone through a process of unrounding open back vowels . 
  due to their being most rhotic accents , this does n't impede communication as much as it would if a non-rhotic accent were to undergo the same shift . 
  in us accents words like `` cart '' have their own distinct consonant , meaning they 're not confused for words like caught and cot . 
  non-rhotic speakers already have their own brand of mergers , such as court-caught , and there for seem more liable to retain a distinction between cot-caught , father-bother etc. 
  why americans have undergone this unrounding phenomena is unclear . 
  one argument might be that it 's a product of the retroflex approximant ( the - r americans typically pronounced in a word like `` car '' ) . 
  this sound can have an eroding quality on the preceding vowel , which is why many american dialects have the mary-marry-merry merger . 
  names like erin and aaron can be indistinguishable in some us accents because of this . 
  this could have spread to vowels that did n't precede - r , as the unrounding that occurred with the - r caught on with other vowels too . 
  it 's confusing because the way cart is pronounced with a british account , without an - r , is very similar to the way most americans pronounced words like cot and caught . 
  you 're basically getting crossed wires with previous poster because his phonetic approximation is using his own accent as a reference point , meaning to him `` dahrn '' does n't have the - r sound that you 're accustomed to in a word like `` darn '' . 
  this is exactly the phonetic alphabet was created , and it 's amazing how common you see people on reddit getting confused the phonetic approximation of one person do n't match the phonetic approximations of another person with a different accent . 
  i mean , when a british person hears a bostonian like jfk say `` havard yard '' they just hear `` harvard yard '' whereas a typical american would hear `` hahvahd yahd '' , likewise when someone from california says `` don '' most americans hear `` don '' but to british person it sounds closer to `` darn '' . 
  in british english , boston , new york , australian , new zealand and so on . 
  `` ar '' is simply pronounced with a pure vowel sound `` ah '' / \u0251 / . 
  that is why the previous poster is adding an - r to his attempt at phonetics , he 's thinking in his own accent , without realising that to a large group of english speakers in north american / ireland that means something completely different . 
  i hope that now you can understand why he 's added - r , nothing to do with anything japanese . 
  you 're missing my point . 
   typically , `` vocational '' students start out at the high school taking all the math , english , science , etc. , classes for their first year or two . 
  then , their last two to three years , they go to the `` vocational '' school entirely , where they focus on woodworking , car mechanics , etc. , with maybe another english or science class or two thrown in . 
  this is exactly what secondary modern in the uk was * not * like . 
  the point was making that the entire way through your education in the uk you basically took the same subjects with the same exams . 
  the difference was really only in a few subjects , as in grammar school kids took 10 subjects including latin and a 2nd modern language in addition to french . 
  whereas secondary modern kids took 9 subjects including woodwork and cooking . 
  there other 7 subjects were identical . 
  it was also often possible to take 10 academic subjects in secondary modern if you were considered a bright pupil . 
  secondary modern was the default in the uk , but it was nowhere near as vocational as you 're making vocational school in the us sound . 
  it 's also of note that school in the uk finishes when you 're 16 . 
  the you had a choice of working , going into an apprenticeship at a workplace , going to a technical college typically to study something vocational like tourism , or going to sixth form college to do further academic study that could get you into university . 
  it was perfectly possible to attend secondary modern , go to sixth form college , and then go to university . 
  it was just that a higher percentage of kids from the grammar schools succeeded . 
  it 's definitely not possible to go to university if you 've spent the last 3 years focussing on car mechanics . 
  what you 're describing in the us sounds more like technical college in the uk , which is a school for people aged 16-18 where you can focus on one subject like car mechanics or culinary arts and leave at the end as a qualified car mechanic or chef . 
  oh but has an - r , that 's why cat and cart sound different from each other , the problem is that that - r signifies something completely different . 
  caught-cot , calm-com , father-fother , marry-mary-merry ( erin-aaron ) , patty-paddy , due-do . 
  do n't kid yourself that california english is somehow `` phonetically accurate '' . 
  this is n't an english accent in the world that is truly phonetically accurate . 
  typically the moment you start to pronounce the letter - r you lose a bunch of vowels . 
  your accent is equally fucky , it 's just you 're used to it . 
  if i had n't been exposed to the standard us accent in film and television from a young age i 'd probably be just as lost listening to you speak with all the vowel mergers and missing - ts etc. 
  there is no way to write the vowel associated with - aw with a single letter when making a phonetic approximation , so its usage is necessary to express the sound . 
  english simply lacks a single letter that represents the sound . 
  this is why we have the phonetic alphabet , because how you approximate sounds differs depending on which accent you have . 
  [ this is the vowel you looking for ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open-mid_back_rounded_vowel ), 
  football is still the most common name of the sport when translated in most languages , so including other languages it 's not the brits that are outnumber but the other english speaking nations . 
  that 's just nonsense . 
  i swear i corrected you on this on reddit once already . 
  the great vowel shift ended in the 1600s at around the time of the us 's founding . 
  also shakespearean is nothing like american english , that have been a bunch of vowel shifts in both american english and british english since that time . 
  stop spreading this bullshit factoid around . 
  neither british or american english sounds like the english back then . 
  over the course of 300-400 years all forms of english have shifted radically from what would 've been considered a british accent around the time of america being settled . 
  nobody cared until the internet and that meant we had to suffer each others dialects in our daily lives . 
  in the past nobody cared what americans called it , they just cared if people from their own country used the american word , in the same that that if an american started asking where the `` loo '' was amongst other americans they 'd think them pretentious or at very least , strange . 
  then the internet appeared and we unavoidably confronted with non-local ways of speaking and we just ca n't stand it . 
  it 's also of note that minor differences often irk people more than large cultural divides . 
  send someone to live in china for 6 months and they 'll come back raving about how amazing the food and the culture are , send an american to britain or 6 months or vice versa , and they 'll come back moaning about how they could n't the burgers/tea quite right , or how the eggs are refrigerated / unrefrigerated . 
  do we fart when we pee ? 
  yes all the time . 
  do we inadvertently fart when we pee ? 
  no , at least no in my experience . 
  yes . 
  fat is a massive turn off for me and i think a lot of guys as well . 
  this is because attraction is so much based on the ratio of breasts , hips , waste . 
  girls often just look at how big/heavy a girls is as if that 's all men cared about . 
  some girls can be a bit heavier but have amazing ratios , all their weight is on the tits and hips/ass . 
  if a girl is tall or heavy set it can also make a difference . 
  there are girls who are pretty damn heavy but pull it off because they 've got the ratio , there are short girls that just happen to have amazing ratios too . 
  however , if a girl is fat and has a belly that puts out the ratio then it 's just a massive turn off me . 
  i know girls are similar heights and weights but because of body shape one is really attractive and the other completely unappealing . 
  i think at some other level we just find too much fat unattractive too , because really skinny girls that have a bad hip waist , breast ratio still seem more attractive than fat girls with a poor ratio . 
  a low body fat girl with a good ratio will appeal a lot more than a low body fat girl with a very slender figure for the most part . 
  this is why very few supermodels that girls obsess over are considered sex symbols by men . 
  the way i and i think most guys think about girls is n't that hard to explain . 
  i would n't call it shallow either . 
  you just need to think about it like this . 
  imagine you go the shop and you need to buy drill bit to drill a 3 inch hole . 
  now you go to the shop , and you 're looking at a huge selection of drill bits . 
  they have different lengths and brands . 
  some of the brands are diamond tipped , some of them are made out of special alloy and so forth . 
  now the shop could be selling the best god damn 2 inch drill bit in the world but unless it 's 3 inches it 's no good for you . 
  you can get a 3 inch drill bit or a 12 inch drill bit , it does n't matter , both can drill a 3 inch hole , but a 2 inch is no good to you . 
  in this analogy the length of the drill bit is like the attractiveness of the girl and the quality of the drill bit is like their personality . 
  point is that most guys are n't shallow in the sense that all they care about is looks . 
  it 's not like they 'd leave their moderately attractive really nice girlfriend for a total bitch just because the total bitch was a little bit hotter ( i 'm not saying this never happens , it 's just not normal ) . 
  it 's simply that a girl most be at least so attractive before guys will consider her seriously . 
  now obviously this standard does differ from guy to guy , a really good looking guy probably has a much higher standard for what he considers acceptable than some unremarkable guy who rarely gets a look in . 
  however , ultimately guys typically do n't differ all the much in what they find attractive . 
  sure , everyone has preferences , hell , there are even guys who really like fat girls , but on average guys are similar in what they like . 
  guys that have less success with women definitely do have lower standards than guys that are constantly getting attention , but ultimately we 're all seeking the same thing . 
  if a girl gets too fat then she drops off both radars . 
  a good looking guy might only go for girls who would be rated on average an 8 by other straight men , whereas a guy who rarely gets laid might think anything above a 5 is just fine . 
  but a girl who gets substantially fat will quickly drop sub 5 in the eyes of most men and then very few guys will actively pursue her .
