   if you are dead , see the nurse, 
  this is another interpretation of your 2nd example , and likely the one you actually meant , which suggests that if you are currently in a certain state x then you should do y. 
  dead here is an adjective , and adjectives tend to represent qualities and conditions rather than events . 
  the problem is that past participles ( e.g eaten ) are often used as adjectives in english , and many verbs , particularly regular verbs , the past participle will be the same as the preterite form ( e.g ate ) used to form the past simple . 
  hurt is one of these verbs ( despite being irregular ) . 
  tl ; dr ultimately both your sentences are grammatical and each have different meanings . 
  the first example is grammatical and has one specific meaning , however it flies against the conventional use of the verb `` to hurt '' intransitively with a human subject . 
  the second example is ambiguous and could mean one of two things , depending on whether `` are hurt '' is understood to mean [ verb ] + [ adjective ] or [ verb ] + [ verb ( past participle ) ] , the latter example forming the passive voice . 
  from a entirely practical point of view you should be deploying the sentences differently depending the context . 
  i 'd recommend :, 
   a ) if you 're in pain , tell the nurse ( meaning the same as example 1 ), 
   b ) if you get hurt , tell the nurse ( meaning the same as the passive interpretation of example 2 ), 
   c ) if you are currently injured , tell the nurse ( meaning the same as the adjective interpretation of example 2 ), 
  this way you never have any ambiguity about what you mean . 
  edit : i 'll add that hurt is n't a very well behaved verb in english , and that we tend to just use context to determine its meaning . 
  to demonstrate `` my foot hurts '' means my foot is in pain , but `` my foot hurts him '' means my foot inflicts pain on him . 
  report him to the faculty . 
  nobody with these kinds of stupid ideas about language should be working in higher education . 
  students at university are expected to follow recognised modern style guides more or less , however , there 's no modern style guide in existence that suggests forms of `` to be '' should be avoided . 
  the idea that one should avoid the `` passive voice '' is little more than a myth . 
  it stems from three sources 1 ) victorian writers , many of whom did n't understand what the passive voice actually was and used it frequently themselves . 
  2 ) advice given to `` creative writers '' to avoid overuse of the passive voice within narratives , which is fair as passive constructions do n't usually make for the most exciting stories e.g `` our hero was accompanied by the guards to the city and shown the destruction he had wrought . '', 
  is n't quite as exciting as `` our hero accompanied the guards to the city and saw the destruction he had wrought . '' . 
  3 ) advice given to school children writing essays to discourage them from avoiding important details e.g `` julius caesar was stabbed on the ides of march 44 . bc '' is less information dense than `` a group of senators , led by gaius cassius longinus and marcus junius brutus , stabbed julius caesar on the ides of march 44 . bc '' . 
  1 ) is just a rule made by idiots who probably preferred the original english passive `` the house is building '' , which once meant the same as `` the house is being built '' . 
  2 ) only applies within a very specific context . 
  3 ) is a vast oversimplification designed for schoolboys by somewhat vindictive old school teachers , and it fails to acknowledge that adult writers are capable of deciding for themselves what information should be included in a sentence . 
  the only real rule for the passive might be simply : do n't use it when it 's completely unnecessary and adds nothing to the sentence e.g do n't say `` the ball was thrown to me by john '' when `` john threw me the ball '' will do . 
  however , this is n't a rule about the passive voice ; it 's just a solid rule for being a good writer generally . 
  do n't over complicate and respect parsimony . 
  it 's clear to everyone with half a brain that good writers do n't take simple thoughts and express them in as complicated a fashion as possible , but typically take complex thoughts and express them in as simple a fashion as possible . 
  sorry i meant most likely . 
  what i 'm saying is that you seem to be interpreting a sentence such as :, 
   the theme of independence , and the arguments associated with it , is present in the song . 
  as meaning the same as :, 
   the theme of independence and consequently the arguments associated with it are present in the song . 
  ( note : a sentence like this would typically be written as non-essential ) . 
  you seem to be believe that the non-essential phrase indicates a casual relationship between theme presence and associated argument presence . 
  that might be how most people would understand the function of making `` and the arguments associated with it '' into a non-essential phrase , but that 's merely because it in the context that is what makes most sense . 
  the real meaning of the sentence with the non-essential phrase is this :, 
   the theme of independence and , by the bye , the arguments associated with it are present in the song . 
  of course the non-essential phrase makes a semantic difference ; it tells us that the information included in the non-essential phrase is non-essential . 
  in other words , that the writer has included the information for the benefit of the reader because they think they might find it interesting , but that the actual information is non-essential to the rest of the text . 
  what is not the case , as you seem to be suggesting , is that the non-essential phrase impacts the way that the predicate `` is present in the song '' relates to the subject `` arguments associated with it '' . 
  in fact the relationship remains the same regardless of whether a non-essential phrase is used or not . 
  for example :, 
   the man , and his horse , drank a lot of water . 
   the man and his horse drank a lot of water . 
  neither sentence indicates difference in how the horse drank . 
  neither sentence indicates that the horse drank as a product of the man 's drinking . 
  in both cases the same thing happened . 
  it is merely that in first example the horse is indicated to be non-essential information . 
  the only reason why you thinking the non-essential phrase serves this purpose is because in this context that makes a lot of sense , however , that is n't really the true significance of a non-essential phrase . 
  edit : changed clause to phrase . 
  in `` and the arguments associated with it '' `` associated '' is functioning as an adjective , to demonstrate `` the with-it-associated arguments '' . 
  grammatically , it 's fine but it 's just unusual . 
  normally it would appear as part of a more furnished sentence . 
   i am complimented daily by crude idiots, 
   i am complimented by their kind remarks on a weekly basis . 
  it 's unusual because it 's simple present ( most often used for things that occur regularly ) and passive ( used to talk about actions that are done to things without the thing doing the action needing to be identified ) . 
  also many dialects prefer to say `` give a compliment '' over simply `` compliment '' , as it can easily be confused with `` complement '' in spoken language , meaning `` goes with '' e.g `` your hat complements your jacket '' . 
  this might be why it sounds ungrammatical to you , because you 're used to hearing `` i was given a compliment '' . 
  edit : edited to note that compliment and complement are spelt differently . 
  typically whenever you see - ing ending words without auxiliary verbs then they are gerunds . 
  participle phrases are distinguished from gerund phrases , and i 'm not sure if the present participle within a present participle phrase would classify as a gerund or not . 
  i do wonder where the shifted vowel thing came from , i can only assume it 's due to the international nature of artists in thi genre , various artist from all over the world , from britain to scandinavia to australia have all left their marks , and it 's accumulated in this bizarre aggregate non-accent . 
  so words endings tend to occur in three situations . 
  one is as the continuous version of tense . 
   active : i am going , i was going , i will be going , i will have been going , i have been going , i had been going, 
   passive : i am being washed , i was being washed , i will be being washed , i will have been being washed , i have been being washed , i had been being washed . 
  otherwise it 's typically a gerund . 
   i like playing football, 
   he made money by playing football, 
   he suggested playing football . 
  a gerund is when a verb functions as a noun . 
  its most straight forward time to be used when describing an activity the verb describes e.g my hobby is swimming . 
  however , english likes to use the gerund a lot , so often it is used very frequently in a very similar way to the infinitive . 
  `` he thought about going '' does n't mean that same as `` he thought about football '' , because he 's not considering the act of going , he 's considering leaving the building right here and now . 
  nonetheless these are gerund uses . 
  then you also have a present participle phrase :, 
   knowing that his uncle was home , john avoided making too much noise when he made he got home . 
  not sure if `` knowing '' counts as a gerund here . 
  anyway , in your sentences they 're definitely gerunds . 
  oh yeah , did n't notice : / the point still stands though . 
  to be fair , a construction like this would be fine in ordinary speech . 
  dropping a preposition is not unheard of . 
  for example :, 
   i just did 20 years working in the coal mine, 
  you 're quite right that `` of '' is correct , but maybe he wants it to sound cutesy and colloquial , anyway , not your problem i guess haha . 
  what about all the people taking drugs who are n't doing that . 
  man , i 've never seen this before but i knew they were australian . 
  something about their mouth movements screams it . 
  yes but in reality that wo n't be their first contact with english . 
  playing with friends , pre-school , and nursery ( british equivalent of kindergarten ) would all involve significant exposure , not to mention a all the english educational material , from colouring books to tv programmes , that they 'd be consuming in english . 
  it 's perfectly feasible op . 
  different sounds makes no difference for children . 
  language families are just a way of classify languages on the basis of their history and nothing to worry about for child learners , all languages are different , their belonging to different language families wo n't make any difference . 
  starts at five , but nursery `` optional state provided kindergarten '' starts at 4 . 
  he will be exposed to language far more playing with other children and by learning media prior to that though . 
  this is basically it .
