  the average voter seems to fundamentally unable to come to terms with this fact , it 's far easier to hate and see fiancialisaton as a parasite on some kind of bricks and mortar economy that is preventing themselves from being wealthier . 
  nor did i say it was . 
  uk is over on other side of the ocean [ just like . 
  ] ( https://youtu.be/bojp_ojgmtm ), 
  when a dutchman says he does n't speak a language well , what he means is that he speaks that language fluently but may occasionally be prone to the odd grammatical mistake or spelling error . 
  nice contribution . 
  this seems an unpopular opinion right now , but i do n't get why people are rallying around corbyn . 
  he 's a eurosceptic old fashioned labourite . 
  i would rather have an opposition leader that was forward thinking and strongly pro-eu , and i feel fundamentally let down by his poor efforts to support the remain campaign . 
  yes , i was just making a joke . 
  she seems like a bit of a nut and a pretender to me , and i despise may for what she 's done over the years . 
  i still think leadsom is a worse choice given her leave supporting history , boasts about her time in the city , and nutty things people are finding out she 's said over the years . 
  never heard that , but maybe that 's because they 're actually willing to try to speak them , rather than suffering from performance anxiety like so many native english speakers who study other languages . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  how can you expect the average joe not to believe that the economy is some mysterious arcane thing when these matters are deliberately portrayed as if they were inherently contradictory . 
  it 's perfectly apparent , to anyone with even an a-level in economics , that it 's not some great mystery as to why the country is in the current economy and labour market is in the state it 's in . 
  if more people understood these basic principles , then we 'd have fewer people doing mental gymnastics to blame on the eu . 
  i disagree though . 
  there 's a huge number of centre leftists in this country , i myself am one . 
  the parties became that way because that 's what people wanted , a synthesis of left wing social policy with right wing economic policy , all you need for that to work , as contradictory as that seems , is a booming economy like we had back in 2005 . 
  we want to see the jobs market grow , the economy to be up , but we also want to see that money going towards public services and welfare for the most disadvantages . 
  the global recession shattered this paradigm , everything shifted , and the blame game started foisting the issues onto different things depending on where you stood , it was the austerity of the tories , or the incompetency of the previous labour government on the economy , or it was the eu bureaucrats making our economy less competitive globally . 
  personally all i 'd have liked to see is britain remaining in the eu lead by a leader who was n't as austerity happy as the tories and is n't as old labourish and eurosceptic as corbyn . 
  our country was clearly , before the referendum , approaching an economic upturn , now we can forget about that and go back to doom and gloom of the late 2000s . 
  after leaving the eu for what i see as no justifiable reason and putting us in a geopolitical position that has absolutely no guaranteed advantages but plenty of guaranteed disadvantages . 
  give it a shot maybe , but frankly there 's a reason english speakers are poor language learners . 
  i live abroad and hang around with a wide range of nationalities , and the english speakers are typically the slowest picking up the language , mostly because they 're shy about their abilities and feel embarrassed by their early attempts to speak . 
  sure it 's fine to chat some shit with a waiter to practise a bit , but actually trying to socialise in the language is something see english speakers less frequently trying to do . 
  and all the people in holland speak better english than the americans do . 
  edit : lol you can tell reddit is full of americans , getting downvoted for saying about your country exactly what an american said about my country . 
  fuck off yanks , your english is mediocre at best . 
  i agree that opposition is good , and would also prefer a proportional representation system . 
  i think simplifications like :, 
   labour is supposed to love the working class and the conservatives are supposed to love the country . 
  are actively harmful , that 's just no true politics when a party is tied to an oversimplified identity . 
  have you considered the possibility that the reason the parties have move closer than they were say 50 years ago was because it was in the nation 's interest so patently that taking a contrary opinion just for the sake of opposition would be actively harmful . 
  i think the progress of the last 20 years or so has been good and mostly for the better . 
  i think britain was doing well adapting in the face of globalism for the most , even if the poor and unskilled were getting left behind . 
  now i think we 've taken a massive step backwards , and we 'll face negative consequences as a result . 
  `` murricanz spk murican ya artard ! '', 
  yes , you 're right about that . 
  i hate to break it to you but your godfather is n't dutch :(, 
  maybe instead of blaming the eu you could 've blamed the parties that failed to represent you ? 
  i was trying to play along , guess people missed that . 
  i did n't say it was all crap , only that this part seems like crap to me . 
  i 'm not dutch so i 'm not humblebragging at all . 
  except your position seemed to be mainly that the two parties were too similar and you did n't feel represented generally , you did n't seem focussed on the eu . 
  you 're almost right . 
  the pound and yen is a special trading pair , it 's bad for japan when the balance gets fucked up and the yen goes up in value . 
  most ppl moved their money to dollars , but it was still enough to screw up the yen . 
  you 're confusing long term and short term moves . 
  investors are n't going straight to the eu , they 'll only go to the eu when there 's certainty . 
  long term it will be easier for europe to regain certainty than the uk . 
  london is n't `` useless '' , it 's still selling financial services , many of them outside the eu , it is the global capital when it comes to international trading , currency , insurance etc , basically the gateway to everything that is n't us domestic finance . 
  that said , if and when the uk losses eu financial passporting , london will take a knock , and it will then become a question of which eu financial hub takes that slice of the pie . 
  the mexican peso is tied into the strength of the dollar , so it probably has n't changed much . 
  two currencies that are more or less isolated from one another wo n't change . 
  it 's easier to conceive of it as the # and $ losing value , but ultimately it 's the same . 
  the # and \u00a5 were a special pair because they were somewhat mirrors of each other . 
  britain as an import based service economy that wanted a strong currency to buy the stuff it needs to sell services , japan wanted to keep its currency down as an export economy . 
  they also share some trading hours during the london open for half the year , so when the people in tokyo are watching the clock preparing to hit the karaoke bar , the british would be drinking their morning coffee and trying to predict any moves that might be about to go down based on the asian markets moves . 
  certainly , for many japanese interests , turning their profits into pounds ( when the pound was strong and typically moving upwards ) , was a good way to keep currency value down and make sure they could import cheaply using the strong pound and export competitively with the weak yen . 
  this balance has been fucked up , the japanese will be inclined to use dollar instead , but it 's actually a bad thing for their economy , and an overly strong dollar may not be too great for the us either . 
  it 's more like, 
  tank economy ( sub-prime mortages , geopolicial instability , does n't matter how ), 
  raise taxes, 
  implement austerity, 
  sell public sector, 
  repeat ad nauseum until all the poor people are dead . 
  i do n't think it would 've been that messed up . 
  boring old miliband would 've probably just reduced austerity and upped public spending more , given up promises about the deficit ( ironically tories have had to do that now ) . 
  it may have sent us into a boom cycle that we 'd be picking up the pieces of 6-7 years from now , but at least we 'd have had some fun . 
  i joined the workforce in 2007 for fuck 's sake , i 'm sick of never having had a nice optimistic upturn in my working life . 
  i 'd vote for it , i was lib dem through and through until they entered into that coalition . 
  i then defaulted to labour , but honestly i do not care for corbyn or the labour core support . 
  corbyn seems like a step backwards into the past . 
  i want to see a sensible economic policy tempered by moderate position when it comes to cuts and austerity . 
  honestly the tories would be fine if they were n't so fucking stingy and obsessed with cuts . 
  i want to see stimulus so our economy will grow . 
  i do n't want to see this false dichotomy between public spending and economy . 
  for example , university fees , we should be providing affordable university education precisely because it is a financial investment in our population , not because ideology says it 's `` good '' . 
  we should n't be raising the cost of education just looking at the short term savings . 
  another thing i hate about the tories is their vile moralising and antiquated social policy . 
  their position on drugs , pornography , online privacy , all those things can fuck off . 
  i really do n't even know why they 're even issues . 
  may is particularly bad when it comes to this , her social policy is like something out of the reagan era . 
  give us a progressive centrist party . 
  a moderately conservative economic position would be tolerable , if the party were n't completely out of touch with everyone but pensioners on every other issue . 
  translation :, 
  the bundestags president norbert lammert maintains that a british exit from the eu , despite the brexit referendum , is not unavoidable . 
  `` that britain will no longer be a member of the european union in 2 years is indeed more likely due to the referendum result '' said the cdu politician in `` the world on sunday '' according to a previously published interview . 
  `` however , i still do not hold it to be a forgone conclusion '' . 
  chancellery head peter altmaier has previously expressed similar beliefs . 
  in great britain the political debate over the result of the election has just now begun . 
  `` it is a prudent move to await the result of this debate . '', 
  lammert appears to be generally sceptical about referenda . 
  `` i consider referenda to be unnecessary in most cases '' he said . 
  occasionally politicians only want to use these votes to detract from their own responsibility . 
  `` they leave a difficult political decision to the voters out of spinelessness '' . 
  this was `` surely the case with the brexit referendum in the uk '' .
