  as much as you might want to believe that it will become easier for americans to travel to europe , we 're miles away from brexit affecting the job market ( only how the post brexit employment rights in europe look will tell us that ) and nothing is for sure yet , even if it does were talking 5 + years to see any real change . 
  stop unnecessarily getting peoples hopes up . 
  it 's not , some people on here are fantasising that brexit will open up easy visas for americans to teach in europe though . 
  to be fair i think you 'll find if you 're exceptionally good at something you 're always more respected for it if you 're younger , because it 's so impressive that someone so young has reached that level . 
  if you 're 23 with a very successful investment firm then people are much more impressed , if you 're 56 with the same company you 're just a rich old dude , like so many rich old dudes . 
  likewise if you 're doing something really shitty then you 're more respected for it when you 're younger , because you have an excuse , and it shows good work ethic that you 're out there while so many of your peers are at home living solely from the bank of mum and dad . 
  young guys only get less respect when they 're working with older people who have been doing the same role for a long time , and that 's just natural really , who you going to trust , the fresh faced 20 something doctor or the guy with the world weary face of a man who 's seen 20 years hospital work ? 
  never is a long time . 
  circumstances could arise whereby britain would actually want to join the eurozone . 
  so your brother is a dick and he smokes weed therefore you hate weed . 
  fucking learn to logic . 
  sounds like if there was no weed in the uk you brother would just be being a dick and drinking more or taking coke , speed or whatever else was in its place . 
  a certain type of person really hates weed i 've found in my experience , and that type of person is just awful . 
  somewhat arrogant , very conventional types who love to pigeon hole things to give them a smug sense of understanding the world when in reality they have all the depth of a puddle and are woefully ill equipped to deal with it . 
  the kind who can drink 10 pints of stella on a night out but still complain about the `` druggies '' without feeling a trace of hypocrisy . 
  the kind who can watch x-factor year in year out and never get bored . 
  some people just hate everyone who does n't fit their conception of what life should be , and many of these conceptions do n't include people getting stoned . 
  tragically liberalism is the most british of ideals , we were in many the most liberal society in the world . 
  stepping away from liberalism is the most anti-british thing you can do . 
  the greatest thing about the uk in the past was that it synthesised liberal social ideals with social justice . 
  we managed to have an nhs without having everyone registered and documented , we minimised the state 's involvement in people 's lives while still providing a welfare state . 
  seems like all these things are being lost now . 
   fuck liberals anyway they are the sort of people who let poor people starve and let business exploit workers, 
  yeah ... no . 
  they 're people who realise that while capitalism is imperfect its been incredibly successful so far . 
  people who do n't fanatically believe in the ultimate demise of capitalism like some religious tenet , nor believe that market forces are a religion in themselves . 
  they 're people who acknowledge that capitalism can be put to both good and bad ends . 
  they 're people who realise that while the last 60 years have n't been perfect they 've been some of the most peaceful and humane in human history . 
  they 're people who are moderately happy with how things currently are , who do n't take on an hysterical tone of imminent social degeneration as both the far left and far right do , and would be happy working towards making our current social order work better that than rebuilding it with radical left wing thought or regressive conservatism . 
  seems that both the left and right of the spectrum have this psychological problem of assuming that things will always be shitty until they get their way at which point they believe society will become a paradise . 
  how about more of the same but better ? 
  is life in the west really that bad ? 
  so much of the dissatisfaction people are expressing , the seeming meaninglessness of life , the lack of community , the distrust of others , the lack of pride could be addressed by looking inwards rather than to some radical political cause . 
  really , i was referring more to 18-35 year old blue collar jack the lad types who use fake tan and moisturise . 
  they hate weed because it tends to make people less interested in their bullshit lad culture where you 're valued solely on how much booze you can drink , your `` banter '' , and how hot the girl you 're banging is . 
  know a few guys from my youth who fit this mould for to a tee . 
  also the kind to be very intolerant to differences generally , they ca n't not smoke without hating smokers , they ca n't not take drugs without hating druggies . 
  also liable to moan about foreigners but not the `` good ones '' obviously . 
  it does n't take much imagination to do away with most of your quibbles . 
  ford as obviously engineered a situation whereby he has complete control of the park including the coding , what do you expect he 's an evil genius , he can pull shit like that off . 
  if you ca n't accept that then perhaps fiction is n't for you . 
  also it 's mean implied many times that the behaviour department have control over the personality , what you saw in ep 2 was the narrative department changing the setting in a way that was most like restricted to safe parameters to give them chance to fiddle and fine tune the stories . 
  i 'm pretty sure the park is big enough to host multiple back up sites . 
  i mean parts of it seem like a nuclear bunker , i 'm pretty sure with enough resources you could make offsite backup redundant . 
  i think you 're mistaking the code for what the code achieves . 
  maybe ford can read arnold 's code just fine , but he ca n't grasp the high level ai processes that give rise to the hosts ' intelligence . 
  perhaps arnold was so great a genius that his work is beyond the understanding of his peers . 
  i 'm sure there have been geniuses in history who 've been onto ideas vastly ahead of their time but were n't recognised by their peers due to their inability to see past dogmatic notions that blind them from understanding . 
  saying `` he 's a bad coder '' makes you sound like someone with a terminal lack of imagination frankly . 
  i 'm pretty sure the idea is that they are so sure of their control that such precautions would be unnecessary , they seem far more concerned with their own employees actions than the hosts to be fair . 
  you realise that human hubris is meant to be part of the narrative right ? 
  no offence but that sounds like a huge clich\u00e9 and would actually ruin the show . 
  one of the greatest things about the show is that we 've never seen the outside world . 
  not a single news reel or clip of the world outside . 
  the closest we 've come are bernard 's fake memories and the point when william and logan arrive at the park on a hi-tech looking train . 
  i agree , i think they will be revealed to be hosts . 
  they are just as much a part of arnold 's final story as anyone else . 
  the bitching here is unbelievable . 
  o ye of little faith, 
  indeed . 
  nothing he said is wrong . 
  quite a few americans here seem to want to believe it 's going to become easier for them to teach in europe , when in fact nothing is guaranteed , and indeed the irish are guaranteed to continue to have visa free access to eu countries . 
  well at first . 
  i think later dolores will be death . 
  you said :, 
   it 's clear they do n't give a fuck about proper it controls , either due to incompetence or because ford designed things that way to suit his own needs . 
  my point was that the park need n't not give a fuck about it controls in order for ford to have control . 
  that in fact the park could be seen as competent from an it perspective but also have ford pulling the strings , which is distinctly different from what you said . 
  i 'm already sick of these entitled try hard nerds already trying to poke flaws before the first season is even over . 
  a million things could happen before the end , and even if it does n't have a good explanation , the show is genius , stop being such little bitches . 
  i do n't know . 
  i left the uk and have found myself much happier away from it . 
  do n't know why . 
  then again if there was a reason to leave then brexit is just a symptom of that reason rather than the reason itself . 
  looking back the uk seems like a place that 's very full of conflict . 
  from the obvious stuff like regular weekly punch ups in the pubs on the high street , to how people interact with each other socially , strong in / out group mentality in most social circles ( in my experience ) , the class system whereby instead of getting the mentality of this pub/restaurant/area is for everyone , you get a weird sort of mentality of that this belongs to the working class or this belongs to the posh etc. 
  you 're also got far more people in the uk with terrible attitudes towards life . 
  far more loud obnoxious people on the lower end of the spectrum who obviously do n't give a shit about social pressure to act in a way that does n't affect other people , you 've also got socially irresponsibility at the higher end of the social spectrum who do n't see the working class as their problem or identify with them at all . 
  we 're a very divided country , unemployed , working class and working , middle class , poshos , immigrant , might be a better way to divide us . 
  we 're all slightly afraid of one another and deep down have repressed anger towards one another . 
  our culture seems very diffuse compared to much of europe , and overall i think it makes it more unpleasant and crueller , there is a cruelty to the english way of life that i 'm not fond of . 
  a somewhat brute harshness lurking behind every interaction . 
  usually it takes the form of a somewhat icy indifference , forming a barrier between us and other people , and in rare cases it spills out into violence and abuse . 
  it is expressed in many ways , from the middle class 's indifference to the plebs ; the way we try to set ourselves apart from one another and see financial success as a means of doing this , to how easily a minor disagreement or spilt drink in the pub can spill into a punch up , or at very least a highly confrontational interaction . 
  deep down many brits respect people who get results over notions of right and wrong in my opinion , people are judged by what they have rather than what they are . 
  thinking about to the brutality of my teenage days , the sheer amount of bullying , hatred , drive to acquire wealth even at a young age , the cut throat mentality of many people , i do n't see that in other countries . 
  i mean it was n't just groups of lads fighting when drunk , it was people being harassed at home , people 's parents being dragged into thing , girls fighting in the park . 
  the uk is one of the few places where self interest is admired so greatly and taking a me first attitude towards society is n't harshly socially condemned . 
  brits may be superficially egalitarian with their queuing culture , but deep down we 're hardly collectivists . 
  a nation of contradictions imo , and a nation of extremes . 
  for example , i think we 're polite only because we 're conflict adverse , and rationally so as we 're far more likely to kick off than most nations , in the same way we 're only so strict about queuing because we deep down we do n't see each other as equal at all , we see each other as vastly different , so if the objectivity of a social system like queuing broke down it would be a free for all . 
  we 're very all or nothing like that , look at how socially irresponsible many brits become abroad when they 're removed from these systems . 
  it 's hard to put your finger on and it but the uk does feel significantly different from the mainland , in the same way much of the us feels to brits , and it 's strange and no necessarily pleasant . 
  in many ways i think uk culture is just a segment of anglo culture though , and all the anglo cultures appear a bit nuts by the standards of the continent . 
  we 're a culture that tacitly says it 's never ok to settle for less , that it 's better to die trying that simply try and be as happy as possible with less , and this breeds a people of raving nutcases of all different shapes and forms , either because they 're dealing with living in a culture that does n't value them at their level of status , or because they 're high status and have lost respect for those who do n't have it , or because they 're desperately chasing that high status , and god have mercy on anyone who steps in the way of the image of life they have for themselves . 
  in much of europe there 's an art to life and being happy . 
  over there , just wanting a stress free work life for a decent but average salary , job security , family life and adequate recreational time has a kind of nobility to it . 
  the uk would do well to start seeing people who just want to get on in life and not be poor with nobility , instead of worshipping the minority who have it all . 
  wow it 's never had that effect on me , whenever i land back at a uk airport i have this feeling of `` ffs here was go again '' as i watch the hapless british families getting in and out of taxis in their garish holiday clothes returning from or setting off for benidorm or wherever these people go . 
  screeching kids , too much fake tan , bald blokes dressed in sportswear .
