  uk citizen in an eu country here . 
  my god it 's so fun being shuttlecocked around in some kind of power play . 
  would n't it be nice if someone could provide us some kind of assurance . 
  i have to say that my impression is that in middle class england that generation are formidable yet utterly myopic . 
  you mostly get terribly patronising responses from them when you talk about politics , and i 'm hardly young , but they judge you entirely on what you have and what you have achieved , as if the fact they got on the housing ladder at the right time and got a decent job without going to university and accruing debt put them infinitely higher than you . 
  sadly they 're really not as competent or intelligent as they believe themselves to be and have really let down society while they 've been the dominant generation . 
  do n't worry , they 'll sell off the equity in their twilight years for those biannual # 5000 a head cruises in the caribbean they deserve , and the last of it will go on a year in that # 1000 + a week top end private nursing home so they can have the dignity of dying without being surrounded by poor people , just to make sure that their kids have the privilege of being `` self-made '' like they are . 
  to be fair , there is an element of truth to this . 
  some people go to the doctor way too often and i swear doctors end up finding problems based on what they say despite their not really being sick . 
  just to get them to go away to be honest . 
  you have to really try to think about what really is a disconcerting medical problem and what is just normal shit your body does . 
  another problem is people being obsessed with finding a reason for every slight problem . 
  sometimes your body just decides to have a headache ok ? 
  you do n't have to compulsively analyse your actions prior to your headache and find causality where there is none . 
  having stomach ache , a headache , twinges , weird feelings , once or twice , is not a problem . 
  your body just occasionally does weird shit . 
  at least fucking sleep on it and see if it goes away by itself . 
  of all doctor 's appointments a huge percentage are taken up by a tiny percentage of the population , which is fine if those people are genuinely sick , but a large number of those people are just terminal worriers and hypochondriacs . 
  i swear far too many people are obsessed with controlling their bodies , and pharma makes a killing off those people . 
  the reality is that you 're human . 
  being human involves occasionally having headaches , occasionally having stomachache , occasionally having diarrhoea and so on . 
  part of life is just dealing with it and only going to a doctor when it 's really something that 's impacting your life a real way . 
  if you have constant headaches go to a doctor , if you 've had a couple of inconvenient headaches and think you 're entitled to a cure-all that will make sure your life is unproblematic from this point onwards then gtfo . 
  so many overmedicated people out there who do n't really have anything wrong with them but are desperately seeking control of their lives and are dealing with deeper psychological issues so they use doctors as a kind of therapy and find conditions everywhere . 
  if you try to tell such people they 're fine they just get angry so doctors end up them prescribing them some bullshit anyway just to make them happy . 
  there is a psychological element to health , and part of that is just learning to live with your body and the aspects of it that you sometimes ca n't control . 
  try to be realistic about what 's something dangerous and what 's just normal everyday type illness that it 's really just better to live with than turn your body into a chemistry set in a vain attempt to rid yourself of all negative or unfortunate experiences with some miracle cure . 
  the medical profession is there to save and fix , not perfect , pharma has sold this idea that every little thing can be dealt with with a pill or topical cream . 
  well i would just straight up say you 're wrong . 
  having a game in which only the insanely dedicated could reach the highest level was actually incredibly rewarding . 
  i was the best players . 
  our guild was server first but still weeks if not months behind the best guilds in the world . 
  yet the hierarchical structure made for a better social dynamic . 
  it really was a much more social game in which people both hated and respected one another . 
  i do get that it 's strange for to have a game aimed as obtaining the most players in which some high end expansive content is n't available to a percentage of the player base , but it really did make the game something special rather than just the standard game that you 'd find anywhere . 
  in my opinion if they 'd made the pve content contiguous , rather than having forced obsolesce every expansion it would 've been a better game . 
  actually mate `` learnt '' is traditionally more prevalent in upper class `` u-speak '' language , as are all irregular verbs except the americanisms like : dove , snuck etc. 
  despite the fact it 's utterly moronic to judge the correctness of language based on class , you 're objectively wrong about the class connotations of words . 
  historically upper class language retains phonetic irregularities because it was scene as a sign of class and distinguished people with the right `` background '' from highly literate middle class folk who `` learned '' to speak correctly from books rather than being born into their world . 
  for example , saying a word like `` ate '' to rhyme with `` hate '' , which is clearly more logical , would 've marked one as a low born pretender , as the `` u-speak '' pronunciation rhymes with `` get '' . 
  the same can be said of pronouncing `` scone '' to rhyme with `` stone '' rather than `` gone '' . 
  you 're falling into the typical trap set up for the middle class , which is to think the more logical , regular , choice of word or pronunciation , or the one that prioritises the written form over the spoken , is the more `` correct '' or `` educated '' choice , as if literacy were something you needed to show off . 
  actually historically upper class english savours these irregularities as it allowed them to recognise their own and distinguish them from the pretenders affecting high birth . 
  silent letters , irregular verbs , pronunciations that seem nothing like their written form , they were all ways in which upper class people judged one another . 
  take a word like `` often '' . 
  a social climber might be tempted to think `` it 's got a - t in it , thus the more proper upper class pronunciation pronounces the - t '' . 
  in fact , for a long time pronouncing the - t in often was scorned a `` middle-classism '' . 
  you would n't pronounce the - t in soften , so why in often ? 
  upper class english almost always prioritises the historical pronunciation over attempts to standardise or make the language more logical . 
  a similar behaviour can be seen with the treatment of foreign loan words , upper class people preferring to anglicise most of them and then silently judge the middle class types who would try to show off their knowledge of language by pronouncing them how they are pronounced in their original language . 
  the idea of the parvenu embodies this behaviour , what was seen as fawning idolisation of foreign culture prevalent amongst the culture seeking middle classes . 
  the naval version , the one the germans used for really important stuff , had two extra rotors . 
  factorials are a bitch so the machine cracked at bletchley park was thousands of times more complicated than the machines the polish were cracking . 
  there 's a good numberphile video on it that explains in detail . 
  the polish did start the work of cracking the machine , but the commercial versions had been available for years leading up the war . 
  however , without turing and the work at bletchley the allies would n't have been able to crack any codes made using the high security military version of the device , and thus would 've never had the intelligence advantage they did . 
  selling people stuff is n't quite same as entering a military alliance with them is though . 
  yes , the russians and britons needed american food , steel , and industry , but america was n't doing it out of the goodness of their hearts , so claiming that that makes american responsible for the win is getting ideas way above your station . 
  also , while american troops were invaluable in opening the western front and the race to berlin , their presence really did n't alter the outcome of the war at that point . 
  the russians would 've taken berlin regardless at that point , and a big motivation for opening the western front was to ensure that russia did n't simply occupy the whole of germany and not give it back . 
  britain probably would 've sued for peace with the japanese after germany 's defeat had the americans not been involved , having no appetite for yet another conflict . 
  anyway there was a serious cooling of us-uk relations in the aftermath of ww2 as britain felt america had manipulated the post war situation to grab global power and undermine the british empire , part of this being america 's refusal to share the fruits of manhattan project despite an agreement to the contrary that the americans conveniently lost after the change in administration . 
  this led to the british taking a rather hands off attitude to the asian theatre and leaving japan to the yanks for the most part . 
  i 'm vehemently against mandatory id cards . 
  in many countries there is a requirement to carry id or you can be detained without charge to establish your identity . 
  this is a huge expansion of police powers . 
  it also makes it easier to discriminate against immigrants and the poor , as let 's face it , many of them wo n't carry id , and from that the police can manufacture grounds to interfere in their lives . 
  i understand that the id system works in other countries , but you 're putting a huge amount of faith in your government to be fair and not corrupt . 
  the same is true of countries with national databases of where everyone is living as in germany . 
  these things are fine until things go wrong , at which point they 're dangerously easy to abuse . 
  i 'll also say that the other more ideological argument is that databases and id cards run against the traditional liberal values that britain has historically embraced . 
  the state should only be able to interfere in the lives of its citizens when they 've done something that is some sense morally wrong , which can of course be anything from unpaid speeding tickets to tax evasion to murder . 
  if you make a law stating that everyone must carry a piece of paper at all times and then arrest them for not following the rule you are arresting `` law breakers '' but not people who 've done anything morally dubious , such a law is entirely expedient and has no real moral basis , there is no moral argument that not being able to prove your identity is morally wrong , and that to me constitutes an overstepping of the state 's role within the social contract society is premised upon . 
  at most basic , people are born without `` identity cards '' and being able to go about their business without `` permission slips '' from the state allowing them to do so seems like quite natural freedom . 
  a law requiring everyone to have id running against the natural freedom of being an individual human being rather than property of the state . 
  it just seems self-evident to me that in an ideal free society nobody should be able to demand that you prove your identity simply because you 're in a public place when you 've done nothing wrong and are just going about your business . 
  why not both ? 
  i 'm not suggesting that , but i 'm saying , given the track record of the police and authorities , why would we want to entrust them with even more information about us and even more reasons to harass citizens who are about their business . 
  in more inner cities we 've had police aggressively using drugs laws and even terrorism laws to `` fight crime '' in those areas . 
  whereas in leafy suburbs you could walk around with a joint in your mouth taking bumps of speed and barely anyone would even notice . 
  increasing police power for little more than bureaucratic efficiency simply is n't on the agenda . 
  nationalists are always left wing because they premise their politics on shamelessly making society better for the native born population over and above the interests of the foreign born segment of the populace . 
  laissez faire capitalism does n't care where you were born or what colour your skin is , it only cares if you have money or not , and while immigrants and foreign born citizens tend on average not to have money as frequently due to more complex social problems , that 's just a trend rather than a rule . 
  maybe if labour stopped their servile courting of dying ex-labour ukip voters in the north of england we would n't need the lib dems to represent the interests of anti-populist political centrists . 
  the old left social conservatives are really holding labour back and making it an unappealing choice for anyone who still has most of their working life ahead of them . 
  i wonder if there 's an alternative universe in which everyone still marks the distinction between between alternate and alternative . 
  like his position on the eu ? ... 
  corbyn embodies old left notions that go down well with the 65 + voters in the labour strongholds . 
  it 's all pensions , nhs , and schools . 
  nothing he 's said suggests to me that he 's really fighting for the economic interests of under 30s , which is what would appeal to me . 
  labour as ever misses a trick by only ever going on about how they 're going to help the nation 's poorest . 
  corbyn 's notion of `` return to the old left '' ideas are utterly destructive . 
  the young do n't want hand outs as they 're statistically the least likely to qualify for them , they want a chance to use their youth and relatively high employability to do something that will reward them financially . 
  they want a shot at the financial security so many of their parents ' generation enjoyed . 
  labour keep losing because progressive , middle class centrists keep voting tory because they do n't see how increased public spending on sick people , old people , children , unemployed etc. 
  is going to make the already crappy economic situation ( see : lack of decent jobs ) better . 
  people are self interested and will vote for whoever they think will make their personal situation better first and foremost . 
  unless labour offers that the middle see as an electable pragmatic leader the middle wo n't vote for him because they 're going assume that he 's only going to be weak on economy in favour of populists public spending . 
  the problem we have is that the left are divided . 
  the old labour strongholds of ageing voters only want to hear about how they 're going to be looked after , how the younger groups , who are actually naturally more sympathetic to the left , are looking for a different kind of change , they want economic opportunity for people their own age , and making sure that we spend more money on hip replacements for old codgers , or make sure kids in deprived areas get free lunches , does n't enthuse them even if they 're sympathetic to those causes .
