  and if i use a chinese or russian website does that mean i like them you pompous self-congratulating nationalistic cunt ? 
  fucking google it you fucktard . 
  how is it ? 
  provided the americans kept the supplies coming it would n't have matter a fucking shit if not a single us troop had set foot in europe . 
  all it did was speed the western front . 
  sure you do you fucking moron . 
  tube alloys programme , google it , not to mention all the british physicists working on it . 
   then why did the brits and the soviets beg the us to enter the war ? 
  you say america was n't needed and yet you begged and pleaded . 
  that 's a fucking lie you stupid cunt . 
  there was no begging and pleading involved , entirely a figment of your imagination . 
   i 'm just saying without the us , their heroism would have amounted to nothing . 
  utter bullshit , the us was not a difference making factor in the war and this documented by numerous historians . 
   if the us had joined the axis , their heroism would have been as useful as you are . 
  and if they had they 'd have been nazi 's , you have no point you lowlife fascist . 
  good counter argument , some trash journalism , how persuasive . 
  good luck at your republican meetings pal , why do n't you read the rest of the article you culture appropriating nationalist scumbag . 
  you do n't know what qed means , cute ... 
  this is actually a state school . 
  a public school in the uk is an elite private school . 
  do n't know what school you went to but there 's always one or two nerdy prefects that try and take it seriously , usually because they 're socially awkward rule sticklers like this chap . 
  that 's a fucking myth propagated by the fact that us only records 6 crimes as violent whilst in the uk even if someone feels threatened in the street it 's recorded as violent crime . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the nation of pussies who live in fear of being shot and avoid confrontation , who allow your police to be armed and shoot to kill out of a feeling of inadequacy over being able to defend yourself from your compatriots , who fund wars the moment anyone gives you an imaginary boogie man , who make kids tuck in their t-shirts incase they 're packing . 
  do you even realise that aussie $ does n't = us $ . 
  avg us big mac meal is just under 7 us $ , aussie price is about a dollar more . 
  is that so surprising given different taxes and food costs ? 
  because as a nation you collectively put up with a lot of shit treatment on the whole and never do anything about it . 
  mostly to do with the fact that large chunks of the populace are already completely sold on the idea that the us is by far the best at everything anyway , and therefore criticism along the lines of : mcdonalds in other countries is tastier , coke is made with real sugar in mexico , paying $ 100.000 for a pregnancy is immoral etc. 
  are automatically dismissed as commie lies since people know in their hearts already that usa # 1 . 
  after all , the us is the only nation where their poor people support the right wingers , the only place where a redneck with no teeth , education or chance in hell will get up in arms over taxes that effect millionaires lest one day he strike oil in his shack . 
  it 's not really . 
  avg big mac meal in aus = 7,8 us dollars , in the us ? 
  6,8 us dollars . 
  not that much more . 
  this `` gourmet '' burger is naturally more expensive . 
  personally i 'd rather the police arrested chavs who brandish knifes on facebook , especially since they 're not just pictures of them with knifes but basically them trying to look intimidating or whatever , than have armed police in schools , people getting shot when reaching of their driving licences . 
  funny how you call us pussies when generally we 're not a nation where every shop and restaurant has at least two or three overweight complainers whining in high pitched nasal accents that they have n't got onions on their burger . 
  as someone who lives abroad i can say without doubt that american ex-pats are most liable to flip out over the smallest shit . 
  i 'm sorry but if you ca n't put some faith in your central authority then you are not even a civilised human , you 're just a barbarian idiot . 
  sure british people have more faith in their centralised authority than many americans ( at least more than the stupid ones ) . 
  we also have very little corruption . 
  the great comedy is i ) that yokel republicans think that their `` rights '' , such as the right to own a gun , would mean something if a tyrannical government with all the resources available to it came to power ii ) that the same idiots believe there is some imaginary boogie man waiting in the wings for their vigilance to falter , as if we british we just biding our time to reclaim control iii ) and the funniest of all - that you are actually still a republic and do n't have an even more bloated and militarised federal authority calling the shots . 
  what a crock of shit pal . 
  all those examples are of outside forces trying to occupy the lands of , and suppress indigenous populations . 
  not cases of existing internal governments suppressing the population , if you look at history there are plenty of cases where the latter has succeeded . 
  no i did n't mean `` military industrial complex '' fucktard , just because words sound similar does n't mean they automatically mean that thing , they are valid words that can be used in other contexts , your assumption that i must mean some similar sounding clich\u00e9 is child-like `` herp derp , i 've heard words that sound like that before . . must mean that ... '' , seriously learn basic english . furthermore ukip is neither libertarian nor a serious party , in fact they 're a standing joke , a protest vote for the disenfranchised . 
  your political opinions are a joke to all barring a few backwards yokels in the hick states . 
  sure it 's just to do with asymmetry , that 's why authoritarian regimes never happen , clearly there is a difference . 
  by federal militarised authority i mean federal authorities with military capacity , is it that hard to figure . 
  the `` military industrial complex '' is a socio-political complex , a phenomena , it can not `` pay '' for anything - it is not a person or legal entity with the capacity to enter into financial agreements , sorry that you do n't understand basic english . 
  oh and yes ukip , that party of racists without a single mp in the uk government who does nothing more than impede the eu parliament , good one . 
  you 're a retard , the middle east is clearly a deweaponised socialist hell hole right ? 
  all those weapons totally stopped authoritarianism there . 
  no not like `` the president '' , that 's retarded . 
  is it really that hard to think of militarised institutions under federal control ? 
  no that 's not what the `` military industrial complex '' is , go back to school kiddo . 
  the way those companies behave is sometimes indicative of the complex , but that is not what complex means . 
  you 're clearly not understanding basic english if you do n't know what a complex is . 
  ukip is a bunch of irrelevant middle class men pining for the days when you could call people pakis without consequence . 
  i have nothing more to say . 
  i 'm sorry you 're talking bullshit . 
  plenty of armed populaces have fallen to authoritarian regimes , that 's because authoritarianism from within is a totally different kettle of fish to an occupying foreign force . 
  no armed populace can stop their own government who controls their military + police etc. 
  so it 's complete nonsense that people need guns for that reason , you have the army to defend from outside threats . 
  can you not understand why the specific parties involved in the complex is not the complex itself ? 
  seriously , get educated . 
  i love it when some foreign know nothing butts in on uk politics like they knew shit about it . 
  you say socialism is the problem yet we currently have the conservatives a right leaning party . 
  nobody takes ukip serious asides a few old racist wankers , you will be scoffed at for taking them seriously and i think i 'm in a better position to know considering i 'm not some outsider talking out his arse because it suits his political agenda . 
  it 's not , it 's weird that there is no generic word though, 
  grow a set . 
  that bacteria will only strengthen your immune system . 
  we have those and they 're shit and annoying . 
  i do n't want foam coming out the tap thanks it ruins the experience . 
  classy nightclubs and such actually put them in to discourage people from drinking the water . 
  you must be speaking a really shitty yokel dialect then if you ca n't understand standard english . 
  fyi the uk was driving on the left before your country had roads . 
  foreigners who whinge about this really just exposes them as germphobic pansies , if you think filling a sink to wash your hands or having a bath is grim you are the definition of a first world pansy . 
  your body no doubt has way more harmful bacteria one and around it than that sink/bath . 
  it 's not like a start losing my shit when i 'm in germany and the toilet has a shelf to catch your turds so you can give them a good inspection before flushing , one could say it 's pretty unhygienic to have a mass of heat radiating faeces directly under your ballsack while your finish your business . 
  but i just deal with it and do n't say anything because it 's just part of the culture . 
  because it 's not gross at all . 
  you touch handrails everyday , you press buttons in a lift , there 's way more shared bacteria there . 
  warm water wo n't actually kill bacteria , in fact it 's a preferable environment for them , all it helps with is loosening some oils or fats that might be on your hands . 
  there 's actually more bacteria on your skin than in a sink that someone might have been using to clean their teeth at some point . 
  there 's absolutely nothing gross about filling a sink and washing in it , just as there 's nothing gross about having a bath . 
  this can be demonstrated objectively , so it 's really just your mental hang ups about the thought that someone else 's saliva may have touched the bowl . 
  that 's just ridiculous , somehow this is gross but i 'm sure you 've probably kissed someone with tongues before at a party without rigorously checking their hygiene habits first . 
  if there 's one thing that people in the uk do n't like it 's germphobia , seen as nothing more than a neuroses of the modern age , muck in with the rest of the people and stop holding yourself in such special snowflake status - there is literally nothing in a basin that can harm you , any other definition of hygiene is neuroses . 
  the important thing being `` the moment it touches a container '' , try drinking out of that tap and it will taste like foam , you have to put it in a glass and wait a few seconds for the bubbles to go to drink it . 
  fyi i am british and have one of those taps in my kitchen and it 's a shit tap to drink from . 
  no , nobody was uncomfortable , nobody 's had their views challenged , they were laughing at how pathetic it is for a human to get so worked up over a chicken . 
  why ca n't you get it through your head , normal people do n't care about the feelings of their food , because they are animals ; objectively incapable of the type of complex mental and emotional thought humans are . 
  only irrational idiots like yourself and those shown in this video anthropomorphise animals to the extent where they think this type of emotional reaction or radical behaviour is justified . 
  effectively this woman is doing the equivalent of campaigning for the better treatment of rocks . 
  if you saw someone saying it 's barbaric for humans to break rocks you would laugh , and it 's equally absurd to suggest that less than perfect conditions for raising chicken is in anyway equivalent to child abuse , in fact it 's an insult to abused children the world over . 
  such diversity !, 
  everyone knows the difference between the chicken bacon cheddar phillie and a mississippi elvis , is equivalent to the entirety of cultural differences between ireland and greece . 
  butthurt, 
  can anyone explain the island of hard water in the midlands ?
