  they 'll be totally fine with the uk leaving and suffering no ramifications what so ever , it 's not like you 've got populist eurosceptics in any other member states right ? 
   we were one of the three biggest economies in the eu , we will continue to be one of the seven biggest economies on the planet . 
  the eu is not going to cripple trade with us . 
  ah the brexiteer ego knows no bounds . 
  the uk , a country with an economy worth a couple of trillion is just sooo important that they could never be impeded in any fashion . 
  the uk is soo powerful . 
  furthermore , the eu does n't need to `` cripple '' the uk . 
  but get this fact through your skull , the eu is vastly less dependent on the uk economy , it 's vastly bigger and more diverse . 
  if exchange of goods and services between the uk and eu dropped off by 10 % , the ramifications for the uk would be vastly more consequential than those in the eu . 
  you 're also forgetting that the eu has trade deals with dozens of other countries , whereas out of the eu the uk will have none . 
   another pointless analogy . 
  the u.k. or any other country would never agree to take an across the board pay cut . 
  even struggling companies have a hard time cutting staff pay in nominal terms . 
  of course they wo n't , the only way you 'd achieve this by dressing it up as a referendum and triggering economic instability in future , then they 'd vote for it . 
   but the benefits that the company - or country - gains from becoming more competitive are real . 
  you can keep pretending they are n't if you really want to , that 's not my problem . 
  as i already pointed out , there are good reasons why the lower currency may not benefit exports that much . 
  furthermore , the thing you seem to be missing is that even if exports do see a boost from the devalued currency , there is not a rat 's chance in hell of more money coming into the country than we 'll have lost due to having to pay more for imports . 
  if you think the uk trade deficit is going to jump quickly to being positive off the back of the weak pound you 're delusional . 
   it 's good that know about the legal necessities of international banking and financial services in a post brexit world . 
  you should really let on with the details though because absolutely no-one else on the planet knows what you are claiming to . 
  is that a sentence ? 
  if you knew the first thing about banking law for any country , it 's that a certain amount of assets are required to be held in the country where the bank is operating . 
  why else would a government allow bank the requisite licences and permissions to operate within its borders if it could n't secure capital in that country . 
  the idea that all that will happen is that british based banks will open up small offices overseas and that 'll be the end of it is completely ignorant . 
  the laws of each country require that the bank move considerable manpower and capital overseas to the eu . 
   well that 's a great attitude . 
  `` let 's ignore the backbench mps democratically elected to represent their constituencies . 
  only the well known front bench mps matter '' . 
  well six cabinet members supported leave . 
  plus 10 labour mps , all the dup , and a couple of others . 
  so what , that 's a pathetic number when it comes to a decision his big . 
  backbenchers always do wacky things because they are trying to gain political power . 
  as a backbencher you can readily pick losers if you think it will gain you positive exposure . 
  if you ca n't see that all those people who were supporting brexit were trying to further their own careers and get some limelight then you 're incredibly naive . 
  wow , your opinion is the stupidest i 've read all day . 
  unlike the leave supporters in this thread , you do n't even have a stake in the outcome , so please leave your opinion at the door . 
  you clearly do n't know anything about this , do you have any examples of those things the controlling eu has forced the uk to do ? 
  i ca n't be arsed being moralised at by some socialism phobic american . 
  unless you 're mute then i assure you you do . 
  fine you 're not a brexiteer , but you 're obviously still affected by their rhetoric . 
   all the talk about the eu wanting to punish the uk and set an example is posturing . 
  there is literally no evidence to support this . 
  all the leave side do is talk about how the eu would n't dare or could n't put is in a disadvantage economic situation , but never give a reason why . 
   we were one of the three biggest economies in the eu , we will continue to be one of the seven biggest economies on the planet . 
  the eu is not going to cripple trade with us . 
  and then they do this , talk about how important the uk is globally . 
  where on earth are you getting this idea that britain is so vital to the eu . 
  the eu can easily afford reduced trade with us more than we can afford reduced trade with them , they have the upper hand . 
  stop letting brexiteer bravado convince you otherwise . 
  i really have to ask why do you think the eu has to offer us a decent deal , why on earth ca n't they let our economy flounder for a bit ? 
  because reality is that they can if they want , and only suffer minor inconvenience at worst . 
   i think with the trade deal issue you 're also trying to have it both ways . 
  if the uk 's very large economy is not massively dependent on the eu then there is no problem . 
  if the uk 's very large economy does a very large amount of trade with the eu then it 's in the eu 's best interest to work out a deal that lets that continue . 
  i do n't think you understand that britain and the eu are not the same size . 
  2 point something trillion vs like 18 trillion ? 
  it 's not at all contradictory to say that the uk is massively dependent on the eu for trade , and that the eu wo n't be that harshly affected by reduced trade with the uk ( whereas britain will ) . 
   you seem to be saying that the eu is in such a strong position that they can afford to take that hit as a demonstration to keep other members in line . 
  but have you forgotten about greece , ireland , portugal , spain ? 
  the eu has spent much of the last seven years desperately propping up flailing southern european states ( and ireland ) . 
  now suddenly they 're not worried about how a break down of trade with the u.k. will hit them ? 
  i do n't believe that . 
  this is such an exaggerated issue , if the eu takes a hit , those countries will get poorer yes , but not significantly , and it 's worth the eu throwing money at the problem to shelter them if it protects the integrity of the union from possible further countries leaving . 
  what makes you think we 'd want you ? 
  a petition that was started by a leaver in anticipation of losing ? 
  ironically if remain had won boris ( who supported leave ) would 've been the top contender for pm in the next general election , which was his intention all along . 
  all he wanted was a close loss , which would project an image of him as having a tough anti-eu stance . 
  this would mean that come the next election he would be popular , because he would be more likely to attain a strong tory majority due to the fact that the anti-eu crowd would vote for him rather than ukip . 
  this whole thing comes down to ukip . 
  what ukip did was leech votes precisely where the tories needed them . 
  it was a perfect example of how flawed the british democratic system is , to have all the power all you really need to do is influence a really small number of people who are the only ones who really make a difference . 
  previously the tories had had to share power with the liberal democrats , which limited their power because they could n't pass legislation in the commons without them . 
  they realised that if they stole the ukip vote it would secure their majority , and that 's why cameron campaigned on a promise of a eu referendum . 
  for boris the move was patently simple , support the leave side ( despite decades of praising the eu ) and then when they lose he can look like their hope and possible saviour , get to be pm and then never give them another referendum . 
  he would 've cleaned up . 
  instead he actually won the damn thing , but because he was so unprepared for that result he he got character assassinated by his own side , who expressed an unwillingness to support him in any up and coming tory party leadership decision . 
  boris has virtually no chance at being leader now , he 's sullied himself in the eyes of both the british public and his own party . 
  instead of the narrowly defeated champion of the people , he looks like an incompetent buffoon who did n't have the slightest plan in the case that the thing he claimed to support actually came to be . 
  it just makes him look insincere and not as clever as he thinks he is . 
  really that 's defeatist , the consequences are too severe to just `` get on with it '' imo . 
  who is from another country ? 
  to be fair , i think most people are aware of the `` tight scot '' stereotype , it 's just one that is n't that popular anymore . 
  they are the true sailing vessels of the road , and thus irresistible to maritime nations . 
   spoken in their voice , both sound the same, 
  this is most likely something you 've imagined , there is no dialect in the uk that does n't differentiate between the sounds - k and - s. i would be incredibly shocked to meet someone for whom arse and ask were homophones . 
  maybe in a community for whom english is a 2nd language . 
  saying `` ca n't be asked '' certainly is n't normal for the vast majority of english speakers . 
  first off , do n't be `` that american '' . 
  you 've extended family in scotland and have been to scotland twice . 
  so what ? 
  it does n't make you any more privy to that culture than someone who 's read a book on the matter . 
  talking about your heritage as if it gives you insight with an actual european is like me claiming to know about spanish culture ( i 've been at least 10 times in my life , maybe more ) . 
  i have extended family in the us and have been there 3 times , does n't mean i know fuck all really does it . 
  furthermore , if you want to hear stereotypes about a place , going to that place is probably the worse place to hear them used . 
  it does n't have the strong racist overtones of the jewish thing . 
  the tight jew thing ties into a much deeper european perception of jews as being sub human outsiders with innately corrupting culture and bloodlines . 
  even going back to the medieval age when only jews were allowed to lend money due to papal proscriptions against usury . 
  the tight scot thing is obviously a lot less of a sensitive issue . 
  it 's just like saying any negative stereotype the welsh are stupid , the french are effete , the spanish are lazy , the germans are humourless , the italians are drama queens .
