  you can go look up the research showing how whilst increased welfare and minimum wages will increase the price of goods , it in no way affects it significantly enough to make the counter the benefits . 
  in many ways it 's a fairer system than welfare since everyone is paid the extra money , even those working high pressure jobs . 
  anyway i ca n't be bothered to try and convert a hardline capitalist out of his religious style thinking . 
  that 's not how i like to spend my sunday evenings . 
  go read a book on the matter if you want to know how modern economics functions . 
  furthermore look up ad hominem and please start using it correctly `` heidegger 's work is nonsense because he held nazi sympathies '' is an ad hominem , `` marx can be disregarded because he was a jew '' is an ad hominem . 
  saying `` your argument is stupid '' is not an ad hominem , in fact it 's not an argument at all . 
  it 's a statement of opinion . 
  do you not get it ? 
  to say a statement is stupid is not an ad hominem . 
  am i not entitled to think your statement is stupid ? 
  i 'm not saying `` you are stupid '' i am ? 
  is the modern world so pathetic we can no longer disagree with each other 's opinion or think someone 's argument is bad ? 
  grow up seriously , you 're worse than a hypersensitive sjw . 
  stopped at `` iron fist '' , perhaps you should acquire some economic literacy . 
  you do n't have an argument . 
  nobody believes private corporations can do almost everything better . 
  that 's about as realistic as claiming the world is flat . 
  i do n't want to have a debate . 
  i will state my opinion though , here it is ; your argument is stupid . 
  sorry if your hurt feels are aching . 
   they can and they do , overwhelmingly . 
  no they do n't . 
  only die hard republicans believe that and they 're some of the dumbest folk on the planet . 
  literally nobody in economics believes that . 
  everyone is sold on mixed economies . 
  there is no room for debate . 
  i could explain why you 're wrong but that would be like trying to explain to a fundie why evolution is a legitimate scientific belief . 
  at some point someone 's beliefs are so far out there that you know a reasoned arguments wo n't work , since that person is so set in their mode of thinking that they 'll do mental gymnastics to explain away any arguments you put forward . 
  i 'm afraid the things you 've said make you one of these people and thus it 's not worth either of our time trying to debate this . 
  government healthcare , oil , mining operations , public transport the list goes on . 
  all delivers more product per pound than privatisation . 
   this is why i turned away from liberalism . 
  there is no substance to it only style . 
  these are the kind of gems you keep giving . 
  the truth is you have n't actually thought about issues . 
  you 're into ideology , you like an idea because it seems nice to you and not because you know what the facts are . 
  conservatism is an ideology , only holding out it 's last bastion in the us where people are too in love with capitalism to give it up and too stupid to know what benefits them . 
  the beauty of economics though is that ideology does n't matter , only results , so delusional philosophies about competition always creating a better market can be disproved , as they have time and time again . 
  i 'm not a liberal by the way , that 's a stupid word that does n't exist outside of america . 
  i 'm a centre left economic realist . 
  weird . 
  in the uk wog is a racist word for a black person , stemming from gollywog . 
  obviously there 's wop for mediterraneans , although that 's not that common . 
  you can get american style lemonade in the uk . 
  you just have to search for the traditional old fashioned style lemonade . 
  old people drink it and sometimes make it . 
  also technically lemonade in the uk is just a fizzy lemon flavoured drink . 
  no lime involved , although i have heard sprite called lemonade by people who did n't know any better , they 're still wrong . 
  if you buy it in the shops and it 's called lemonade you 've got what you guys would call `` lemon soda '', 
  to flip this round . 
  when i was in america i was asked whether we have trees in europe , how did we survive the winter ( i guess because we 're the same latitude as canada ) , someone tried to explain to me mexican food as if i 'd never seen it . 
  there are dumb people all over . 
  mindlessly commenting about others ' nationalities as if half the people on reddit were n't from the us, 
  american as fuck  !, 
  why do we care ? 
  mate like just over half are american . 
  there 's british shit on here every day . 
  you 'd think the `` omgz britishz '' comments would 've worn out by now . 
  what is so difficult for americans about adjusting to the fact other countries exist . 
  ok but they were more introducing the concept . 
  you care that `` mr adult american '' has never had cheese and pickle without three other ingredients ? 
  that has nothing to do with knowing cheese and pickle sandwiches are a thing ? 
  a childhood without round the twist is no childhood at all . 
  yeah , the mexican food in europe mostly is n't all that but it 's not like it 's not readily available . 
  i got you babe !, 
  not to offend , but is n't scots just a very old dialect of english with a different pronunciation . 
  for example [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny ) i can understand most of this and i imagine if i was exposed to it more often it would only take a week or so and i 'd understand it perfectly . 
  she was old and i was in the deep south . 
  [ this is why ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oe_glg85-60 ), 
  what a cool accent he has , it 's like completely unplaceable international english . 
  he has one thing right . 
  films like hostel and also taken play off american fear of europeans . 
  i believe there is an idea existing in american culture as europeans as the other . 
  when interacting with some americans i believe they see us as far more otherly than we see them . 
  naturally this is not a generalisation about all americans , i merely think it exists as a thing in their culture . 
  especially traditionalist americans who see europe as socialist , atheist , liberal , and in summary very different in terms of values . 
  this kind of explains the way some american tourists act when abroad , often constantly aware of the minutia that travellers from other nations just ignore as completely inconsequential . 
  it reminds me of a thread a little while back where loads of americans were commenting on the fact that in amsterdam they have little bobbles on the bins ( to making flyering more difficult i think was the reason ) . 
  i mean seriously who cares what shape the bins are in another country . 
  another thing about the film hostel that i found strange was the in the film american lives are seen as more valuable ( the murderous clients pay more to kill americans than europeans or asians ) , and i think this reflects a kind of unrealistic expectation that being from the us they are more protected abroad than people of other nationalities , therefore making them for valuable and desirable to harm . 
  this idea is also present in taken when the people bidding for the girls pay more for liam neeson 's character 's daughter . 
  funny thing is i do n't think the same is particularly true in reverse . 
  to most europeans america is just another principally ethnically european colony nation no different from australia or canada . 
  you 're surprised that a country covering 11.5 % of the world 's landmass has hills ? 
  this is exactly the type of retarded logic that is coming all too common these days . 
  a few people do bad things therefore we must all treat each other with utter fear and mistrust . 
  it 's complete bollocks . 
  all the guy would 've had to have said was `` hi , i 'm parent looking for daycare , can i come in and talk to someone '' and tada , they would 've opened the door . 
  additionally who is to say they do n't have a second security in the foyer . 
  perhaps their security plan was exactly that , to lock the door so the intruder ca n't access the children . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's standard procedure anywhere kids are . 
  i mean seriously , the reporter was just stirring up shit by pursuing one particular angle to try and make it look as if the nursery were at fault . 
  media are arsewipes . 
  go away you . 
  go play with / u/leswede420 and / u/mightierthanthou . 
  you exist only to antagonise us . 
  fuck i did n't know that !, 
  i watched in the uk as a kid , we used get aussie programs filling up space on sunday / saturday mornings . 
  i meant in the bidding scene at the end .
