  - how egotistical must you be if you think people want to watch you shit, 
  - our damn unionised workers ca n't fit proper doors, 
  and so on . 
  yet mention the fact that some basins in the uk have separate taps and oh my god . 
  be prepared for the following :, 
  - perfect example of how quaint and backwards the uk is, 
  - it 's unhygienic because you might have to use a plug to fill the basis to wash meaning the water will touch the basin , which people might have cleaned their teeth in . 
  i 'd rather just run the tap for 5 minutes and waste water . 
  - washing in cold water is unhygienic because tepid water kills more germs, 
  - the hot water tap scalded me leading me to suffer irrevocable emotion and physical injury . 
  seems it 's one rule for americans another for the rest of the world . 
  ca n't beat that enema setting . 
  as a briton , i do n't understand why people have a problem washing their hands in cold water , but some people think it 's barbaric . 
  guess it 's just what you 're used to . 
  i 'd rather cold water than people able to see people from the shitting position personally . 
  there is no gap at all , the hinge is made in a way so that you ca n't see anything , also the door goes down to about 10 cm from the floor , also many of the us doors have more than a 5mm gap as evidenced by all the photos people have posted on reddit in the past , so that 's definitely not `` at most '' . 
  even if in most the gap is small in most public toilets in the us , as a european i find the idea that someone could hypothetically look at me , even if it would require them to actively put their eye to the gap , rather perturbing . 
  obviously in most cases it 's not that extreme , but still to me it 's weird that there 's any way to look invade your privacy bubble . 
  in a european toilet you 're in a safe cocoon of privacy . 
  if a pervy weirdo wanted to see you do you business they 'd have to climb over the damn wall to see something . 
  obviously most people are n't interested in watching you shit , but still the fact the possibility exists is unnerving . 
  yeah so even if it 's a rare event you 're always going to be that 1 % more on edge whilst trying to drop a load . 
  the question is why ? 
  having to go in a public toilet in bad enough without adding the chance , however slim , that someone could take a peek . 
  and it 's so easily remedied with an offset hinge too . 
  maybe for adults it does n't matter , but it 's kids at school who i feel sorry for , nobody wants to be identified as the kid who 's dump stunk out the whole 3rd floor toilet . 
  i do n't know what school you went to . 
  but we 'd throw wetted toilet paper over the stall at anyone who took a dump , if we 'd had the option to identify them through the the door gap i think we would 've . 
  where did i say all . 
  lighten up , these are just examples of the most common toilet oddities you 'll find in each country . 
  i was n't making positive or negative statements , you 've just interpreted them as such , and i stand by it . 
  americans are on average louder , aesthetically less conservative , and more happy to pursue wealth than most other nations . 
  it 's what gives them their distinctive character , would america have its remarkable elements if it were n't for these national character traits ? 
  would we have a hollywood or a new york without them ? 
  no , so stop bemoaning the fact that someone has characterised american , just as americans do to virtually everywhere else in the world . 
  so your turd does n't go in the water , but rather lands on the shelf so when you 're done you can give it a good look over to check your turd health . 
  toilet is the name for the room in british english in line with it 's original meaning in french . 
  it 's only north america that uses the term toilet exclusively for the actual machine . 
  that 's why eau de toilette ( water of the toilet ) is n't a funny joke in french . 
  yeah the sink is the sink . 
  but the room is the toilet theoretically /, 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's a crock of shit insofar as all those ailments existed before the advent of modern plumbing , proper posture is probably healthier for you but the idea that it 'll cure colon caner is absurd . 
  that said , always lean forward and get on tip toes when squeezing a log , and if you 're shorter get one of those steps . 
  there are still paid toilets in the usa in some states where they have n't been banned . 
  some states even repealed their bans to allow for them . 
  does that mean if someone goes to the us i should warn them they 'll be paying for toilets , obviously not since they 're not prevalent , exactly the same as in the uk where they 're not prevalent either . 
  do n't generalise the whole of europe if you do n't have a clue what things are actually like there . 
  less than 1 % of toilets are pay to play in the uk just as in the us , like i said the only places i know they exist are in the london train stations to stop people using them for bad things as they 're open 24 hours , whilst in france and germany a large percentage of all toilets are . 
  no in europe they are ubiquitous , paid or free to play . 
  i probably should have added that to list of things america lacks . 
  in glorious europe almost every toilet stall has [ one of these ] ( http://www.yoursupportyourchoice.org.uk/media/40565/d4.3_radar.png ) to save you having to push on the door or look for feet under the non-existent or small gap . 
  it 's a tradition from the old says when people would more regularly get worms from undercooked pork , especially given how much pork they eat in germany . 
  just as the dual tap thing in the uk is a tradition from when people had water tanks in their lofts for hot water and those tanks were n't as efficiently sealed as any that still exist today and might 've been susceptible to rust . 
  also interestingly there 's always a special valve fitted to mixer taps you buy in the uk to prevent backflow meaning there 's absolutely no reason to have separate taps , then again i a had fancy antique set up with fancy brass taps and stuff i would n't go ripping it up for convenience 's sake . 
  obviously a bullshit experience so i very much doubt that . 
  i lived in the uk for 25 years and the only places i encountered paid toilets is inner city train stations and once or twice those weird things that look like advertising pillars but have secret doors and are actually futuristic shitters . 
  paid toilets are barely a thing in the uk just as they are barely a thing in the us states in which they 're not illegal . 
  you are literally talking out your arse . 
  ok so they have them in about three cities , furthermore you could 've go into any pub , restaurant , or public building and gone free of charge . 
  literally less than 1 % of the toilets in the uk are pay to use , so telling someone they 're likely to be paying to use them when visiting the uk is nonsense . 
  in most other parts of europe it is indeed likely , but not the uk . 
  yeah i saw one too when i was a kid , i think most are gone though . 
  lol that series is hilarious . 
  personally i do n't mind the cold water , but america you really need to sort those doors out , i do n't need more concerns when having to lay a log in a public toilet . 
  neither are incorrect . 
  the - s ending comes from the greek , as in physics and economics . 
  one way of abbreviating it is math another is maths . 
  the reason it was maths is n't because people thought it was plural , but rather to preserve the word 's ending whilst still abbreviating it . 
  you 'd think by 2032 they 'd have eliminated those nasty cold metal seats . 
  i can see how it happens though . 
  partially i blame society for the way it perceives sex as something shameful to be hidden away from others . 
  obviously things have changed a lot in the past 60 years but still it 's an issue for society . 
  some people consciously hold sex as something dirty and bad but also have the same drive to copulate as anyone else . 
  therefore they are always in a state of bad faith and this manifests itself as contempt for the very people they use for catharsis of these sinful desire . 
  it 's exactly why child abusers are often people who are outwardly respectable and in positions of authority , there is a disconnect between their desires and the person they hold themselves to be the rest of the time . 
  i exploited toilet nationalism for [ sweet karma ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/34prkm/world_of_toilet_troubles/ ) haha !, 
  the irony being that in linguistics an asterisk is used before something that is incorrect : /, 
  in the uk it 's both . 
  that 's why we say `` where is the toilet ? '', 
  and it 's not considered bad manners , because strictly speaking the original french word means the room in which you bathe , wash and excrete . 
  english with a norwegian accent is actually quite nice if you ask me . 
  now german that 's a whole other thing . 
  you 're not paying attention , when i was searching for a flat in germany at least half the houses had them . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 've heard people ask where the toilet is . 
  did it never to occur to you that they 're not asking literally where the machine that takes shit away is ? 
  this is literally why we point the sign toilet on places that have urinals and sinks as well , rather than following the american restroom and bathroom vocabulary . 
  yes boiling water kills germs . 
  however the ideal temperature for germs to breed is something like 40-60 celsius degrees , which is exactly the kind of temperature you 're most comfortable washing your hands at . 
  washing your hands in warm water is actually providing a better temperature for germs , and thus it 's actually less hygienic or equally hygienic as cold when it comes to bacteria . 
  arguably warm water provides a better soap mixture to remove particles from your skin but that 's it , it 's nothing to do with bacteria per se . 
  for that you need anti-bacterial wash . 
  oh come on , you should know these at least , they 're all world top 10 economies , are you really that uneducated ? 
  outside of north america toilet is the room as well as the machine that takes you 're leavings away . 
  with membership you get triple ply for the price of single ply . 
  checking your turd health . 
  they are virtually everywhere in europe , guy 's talking shit . 
  they 're virtually everywhere in north western europe , although sometimes they use a colour rather than writing . 
  yes , checking to see if there are worms or blood in your shit is pseudoscience . 
  back to / r/atheism with you . 
  do fuck off .
