  as adults outside the us both `` cunt '' and `` fuck '' are probably less taboo than in north america generally , but they 're still the worst swear words going . 
  i remember as a child by parents would only be mildly annoyed by words like `` dick '' `` shit '' `` arse '' `` bloody '' `` wanker '' `` bollocks '' , not that we were allowed to use them but the scolding would be minor , however if they heard `` fuck '' or `` cunt '' you 'd be in trouble . 
  deutsch !, 
  what a psycho, 
  i 'm not religious but still that 's a pretty dumb way to engage the question . 
  most religious philosophers and theologians are n't going to start going to base their arguments on empirical evidence , but put forward a position wherein god is logically necessary . 
  to me asking someone if they believe in god conceptually , putting aside the specific elements of individuals of religion , is like asking someone if they agree with the tenets of existentialism . 
  not something that you 're going to turn to a scientists and either prove or disprove using induction , but a matter for the individual to reach their own opinion on through rigorous logical analysis and contemplation . 
  a true national tragedy, 
  distrust each other so much they entered into an economic union tying each other 's economic fates together almost as closely as us states . 
  still , if you ca n't obtain the right to work here then what good is knowing what an unfurnished flats costs ? 
  there 's no way for you to obtain a work visa to live here bar obtaining a high up position in a multinational who 'll then be willing to fix it for you or becoming a high skilled surgeon or equivalent in some other valuable profession . 
  i 'm sorry if we 're impatient , but you 're not the first , this forum is flooded by somewhat naive us citizens thinking they 'll be able to up sticks and move to europe with ease , when in fact you have about as much chance as anyone in europe who wants to casually obtain a us citizenship . 
  truth is you 've far more chance of moving to either if you 're coming from the third world , there is not a good relationship of emigration between north america and europe and there has n't been for a long time . 
  i 'll also add that it 's the same for the whole eu , so you wo n't be able to obtain a permanent visa anywhere if you think becoming an eu citizen would solve your problems . 
  however if you simply want to work in europe on a temporary basis a german temporary work visa might be your best bet . 
  a sorry situation indeed . 
  woah there , i hardly think the assumption of many people , that the giving of oral sex is more to do with pleasing than being pleased , necessarily implies that those same people believe all women incapable of enjoying sex acts . 
  not that you ca n't derive enjoyment from pleasing your partner , but i think if people had to choose between giving or receiving oral sex the more popular decision would be obvious ... 
  in short , it 's not that people think women are incapable of enjoying sex acts , it 's just the sex act in question is generally not assumed to be about the sexual gratification of the giver . 
  why make this about sexism when it quite frankly is n't ? 
  stop hanging out with peasants , it 's like saying russia has no future on the basis of dashcam videos . 
  this [ thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vqlucgwxcjc ), 
  just change gmt to match bst , and do away with calling it bst . 
  farmers can just work later since the amount of daylight is constant anyway . 
  really the whole thing just harks from an era when people believed that were farmers to lie in an extra hour society would collapse . 
  touch\u00e9, 
  yeah a real expert from all his time in the us court system when there 's no chance this case will see a real court assuming both parties are insured . 
  not when you 're british, 
  i do n't know , my parents were pretty cool about stuff as a teenager ... got drunk at the weekend ? 
  `` that 's normal , just remember to use moderation , we know you 're not an idiot and do n't drive '' , took drugs ? 
  `` well we do n't agree with it , but we know you wo n't do anything stupid like take heroin '' , had sex ? 
  `` it 's normal for teenagers to have sex , as long as it 's with someone of a similar age and you use protection '' . 
  messed me up at university though , because i never felt the urge to have a ridiculous partying phase , have massive drug binges and sleeping around like crazy at the age when many other people were around my university years . 
  took the thrill and naughtiness right out of the equation , so when i saw people going crazy when they 'd recently left their parent 's control i did n't find it all that appealing and difficult to relate to them . 
  it 's not like i was never in trouble though , it 's just parents were n't bothered about the things most parents would lose it over . 
  i still had to be respectful and work hard in school . 
  all in all it made me pretty well-adjusted ... too well adjusted perhaps , in a world of uptight people who are all too comfortable with hypocrisy . 
  wise words . 
  i never believe in `` collector '' type girls til i met one . 
  she 'd actually be sleeping with 2 or 3 guys as hook-ups and have a few in the wings hoping for a shot at any time . 
  she 'd act like a complete psycho bitch and get through guys in a couple of months . 
  if anyone of these guys showed signs of hanging around with another girl , or simply ignored her for long enough she 'd go into overdrive and get back with them for a bit . 
  then she 'd sod off with other guys and call any guys that were n't cool with this needy . 
  she was batshit crazy though and guys would get sick of her within a few months , obviously this was her was her way of surviving , bit of a tragic case really . 
  i knew a girl who 'd go off her meds for some hypomanic fun . 
  it would also turn her into a nymphomaniac which could be fun for a while but also incredibly dangerous . 
  all her friends would get pissed off with her for disappearing off with wildly inappropriate guys sometimes twenty years her senior . 
  she 'd combine going off meds with outrageous amounts of alcohol which would be countered by the mania and keep her partying for days at a time . 
  she 'd also have intense feelings of emotional closeness with people during these times but as soon as she got back on the meds it was like nothing had happened . 
  this would also lead to her trusting people that she should n't and getting her things stolen or broken very often . 
  she 'd also spend all her money in hypomanic shopping sprees and end up broke and living on cans of beans . 
  a few times she 'd go fully manic and it was like something from the exorcist , hallucinations , getting irritable over the tiniest things . 
  i do n't think i could date a bipolar girl ever again , medicated or not sorry it was awful :(, 
  if you 're coming from north america , i would think pretty damn good to be honest . 
  we have a decent public transport network even if we moan about it mercilessly . 
  there are delays of course , and sometimes the system lags 5-10 minutes late , but really it 's not a bad system . 
  i would n't recommend travelling through extremely rural areas where buses only run once or twice a day mind , but really where do you need to go ? 
  if you 're travelling between major population centres it 's usually fine . 
  we need details ? 
  this is a tricky topic , it really depends what you define as rp . 
  some people have theorised about the changing nature of the `` rp dialect '' , although this is quite unpopular since rp is tied to a historical element of class cultural prescription regarding how one should speak . 
  [ this ] ( http://www.phon.ucl.ac.uk/home/wells/rphappened.htm ) is the best source i 've found that shows the changing nature of so-called received pronunciation . 
  personally i think rp does still exist since there will always be prestige accents that are past down through generation by parents attempting to give their children an edge in life even if they change with time . 
  it 's simply the term rp that 's become out of fashion . 
  here are some examples of the changes . 
  in the very old days : -, 
   off used to sound like what would now be orf, 
   floor was flow-er , flow said like `` flow '' not as in flower , and was not the same as flaw , same with poor and pore . 
   the long - o , as in `` no '' or `` so '' was more prominent than currently , rather than the - o you find in bother , hole was hoe-el, 
   people used to tap their - r 's , which is like a rolled - r but with only a single tap, 
   in certain words - a was pronounced how we 'd understand to be - air or - ae . 
  for example `` bad '' sounded like baird, 
  later : -, 
   words like sure and shore trended towards being homophones . 
  tour now often rhymes with tore . 
   words like like dune became the same as june , tune more like choon , losing the emphasised djune and tchoon sounds, 
   mince became the same as mints , fence like fents as adding a - t became acceptable . 
   goal used to sound more like go-el , fold more like foe-eld , now goal is more like gold without the - d, 
  british do n't drop there - t 's unless they 're cockneys , who simply leave a gap . 
  it 's the americans who drop their - t 's , well rather they say - d instead of - t like `` bedder off '', 
  might as well say you ca n't tell the difference between essex and devon, 
  william hague is what happens when you 're from yorkshire but are taught to speak in such a way that mimics posh received pronunciation . 
  i 'm sorry but for a yorkshireman hague is as posh as they come . 
  ok but your entire island has less people than sutton coldfield, 
  not without our fucking potatoes ... 
  many people - t and - h drop in the midlands too . 
  but it 's incorrect to characterise them as midlands features , and even more incorrect to characterise them as british features , when quite the opposite is true . 
  - h dropping comes from working class people attempting to replicate old fashioned upper class accents which deliberately dropped - h 's in words of french derivation , so really it 's a french/southern influence . 
  cockney 's are certainly the most renown - t droppers , although it could easily be a feature of other dialects since it 's easy to drop , however it 's also wrong to characterise it as a british feature for two reasons , many colonial accents are far more prominent - t droppers , and classical british accents are characterised by the absence of - t dropping . 
  there 's also the estuary english effect to consider which is a phenomena causing all regional dialects to slide towards a more generically london area sound that could explain increased - h and - t dropping . 
  yes irish people are white people , afaik lots of americans like to claim irish heritage because it seems like the coolest white lineage to have or something , when the truth is nobody cares if your great grandmother had an irish surname . 
  if you 're american most likely you 're a mix of european nationalities , and if you 're european you 're also probably a mix of european nationalities given how much migration there as been in the past thousand years . 
  it 's about as ridiculous as a british guy claiming to be part french because of his norman ancestors . 
  well you were right though , it 's not just cockneys that - t drop , even though they are the most notorious - t droppers in the uk , i was just being overly simplistic . 
  that kinda was what i was referring to to be fair . 
  i know the ancestry of the usa , it 's just people with irish roots tend to like to mention it more like it were cool or something . 
  i agree , could n't watch his new stuff it was too depressing, 
  something like 105,000 people , isle of man only has 85,000 , when it comes to population you 're approximately on par with redditch or burnley , not exactly the most important hubs in the uk do n't you think ? 
  [ good accent though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ox9b_scne5u ),
