  it really is that peachy . 
  all you need to do is . 
  study at a british medical school recognised by the international medical education directory , as all british medical schools are . 
  acquire a green card or have a right to reside in the us, 
  pass part 1 and part 2 of usmle examination + do a language test, 
  apply for residency at a us hospital in order to study the gme ( this is what us students do after they 've spent 8 years getting their md , i 'll also add that is will be relatively easy if that person has studied at one of the many prestigious world class universities in the uk ), 
  pass the gme + usmle part 3, 
  apply for a licence to practise in the state where you live . 
  also i 'll add that first things first , a british medical degree is not an undergrad degree , it is a research degree that takes 5 , not 4 , years , and it is generally considered equivalent to an msc . 
  a british medical student will , after 5 years study , know the same as , or more about medicine than , someone who 's just finished their md in the us . 
  my question to you is why are you going around spreading misinformation claiming that the british medicine degree is an `` undergrad '' degree ( it 's not ) or that someone who finished medicine in the uk is the same as a someone who 's finished `` pre-med '' in the us ( that 's completely false ) . 
  i mean for fuck 's sake mate , if the us accreditation council for graduate medical education can acknowledge that someone who 's studied for 5 years in the uk is on par with someone who 's got an md in the us , why ca n't you ? 
  is your national insecurity so strong that you can not recognise that another 1st world nation has a different system which means people of different ages are n't at parity in regard to their professional expertise ? 
  do you need to believe that your nation is superior so much ? 
  is that so much part of your ego that you can not bear the thought that something in another nation is equivalent and that you need to lie and spread nonsense to try to confirm that belief ? 
  sounds like you 've got some serious issues pal . 
  in order to get a residency in the us as someone who studied in the uk ( let 's imagine i had a right to reside in the us ) , then i 'd need to . 
  pass my 5 year british medical degree, 
  go to the us and do my usmle part 1 and part 2 ( part 3 can be done during the gme in residency ) , also if i was n't an american national i 'd need to take a language test ( although being british that would n't be too tough ) . 
  sure this would suck , but it 's nothing that a few months cramming and revising could n't fix . 
  acquire residency in the us hospital to take my gme + usmle part 3 . 
  finish and acquire a licence to practise in the state where i lived . 
  so ultimately , it 's not easy , but it 's not impossible , if you managed to pass medical school in the uk then you are probably capable for passing the usmle exams , and you could also probably take a year out to prepare when you emigrated just to do this task . 
  sure , the us does n't make it easy for foreign trained doctors , but really it 's just a matter of jumping through some hoops . 
  many british doctor 's i know seem to be emigrating to australia since that 's an easier path for a uk doctor ( the are keen for highly qualified immigrants and more of the training can be translated straight over from the uk system ) . 
  i mean hell , you even get us nationals going abroad to study medicine because they did n't get the right grades or whatever . 
  i 'll also add that specialists from the uk ( essentially people who are already consultants or high experienced gps ) can apply for partial exemption from the gme requirements , so in that sense the us does recognise residency to some degree , at least for those who have a tonne of experience under their belt . 
  australia and nz have the right ideas to be honest . 
  they pay well for talented people . 
  both the us and uk make immigrant doctors jump through a tonne of hoops . 
  i just lost a good friend who was a doctor because he moved to australia with his girlfriend ( also a doctor ) . 
  his salary as a junior doctor basically doubled ( despite his having 2 years experience as a junior doctor in the uk ) . 
  this is n't just true for doctors but all professionals , australia definitely encourages highly educated people to move there . 
  ah ok , i did n't know that . 
  the beatles do n't have a remotely american accent in anything but maybe their first few songs . 
  this is something that the beatles are on record talking about : how at first they tried to imitate american accents but quickly dropped it when they realised how inauthentic it sounded . 
  in fact , there has be studies of the beatles lyrics done that show they sing in their native scouse accents , for example , rhyming words like hair and her . 
  most of this perceived americanism is the result of the fact that when people sing many of the linguistic features that our brains use to determine someone 's accents are eroded . 
  these features include the length of vowels ( determined by the length of the note ) , the stress pattern of words ( singers stress syllables more evenly ) , the shape of diphthong glides ( again determined by the length of the note it occurs ) , and precise vowel positioning ( the positioning of vowels in impacted by the pitch and volume of the note ) . 
  there is also the fact that half rhymes deliberate pronounced closer to the rhyming pair are frequently used in pop music ( a british singer might choose to rhyme law and car for example , despite these rhyming in no accent i 've ever heard of , however if you pronounce law with a general american pronunciation and car with an rp british pronunciation they rhyme ) . 
  all this means that not only are these features missing , but that our brains are trained to disregard any information we do pick up as it will be inconsistent from note to note , song to song , and singer to singer . 
  this is why a german opera singer can sing world class italian opera and sound convincingly italian , however when asked to do an interview in italian after the performance will sound distinctly foreign when speaking . 
  whilst a few singers do imitate american styles and adopt an americanised accent inadvertently or due to pressure from their record companies to americanise their sound , most of the so called loss of accent phenomena can be explained by simple ethnocentrism , americans hear british artists , ca n't clearly hear a strong british accent , and therefore assume the singer must be singing `` in american '' , which is complete nonsense . 
  what 's interesting is the few bands and artists american do recognise as `` sounding british '' tend to fall into the same few categories , either singers like lilly allen who deliberately incorporate their their accents into their singing voice as part of their performance , or artists who use the technique of sprechgesang or `` sing speaking '' , which allows for the accent to show through . 
  with classically trained english language singers it 's almost impossible to determine their country of origin , whether they be american , australian , or british . 
  another interesting fact is that the majority of us pop singers who have rhotic speaking voices suddenly become non-rhotic when they sing , which would suggest if anything it 's americans who sound more british when they sing . 
  random question but are those ladies canadian ? 
  a junior doctor does n't really have a comparable in the us , but the closest would be resident . 
  junior doctor is what you become when you finish university in the uk , but this is the equivalent to finishing medical school and getting your md in the us ( because you do n't need to get a bachelors before you train to be a doctor in the uk , you just start at 18 and do 5 years of medical school , but in terms of qualification you 're the same or beyond what an american would be when they finish medical school ), 
  when a junior doctor starts at a hospital , his american equivalent would be doing their gme while being a resident doctor in a hospital in the us . 
  the difference is a junior doctor is 100 % a doctor . 
  whereas in the us residents are only doctors of a sort , their official doctor status still hinges on them passing the gme and obtaining a licence to practise . 
  the flip side of this is that you can be a junior doctor in the uk for up to 15 years or something , although most people do n't take this long , this is because you have to do a masters degree while working which will determine what kind of path you take in medicine , you can do a masters to become a gp or a senior doctor of some sort that may go on to be a consultant or something . 
  you can be a junior doctor for up to 15 years depending on which path you take . 
  ultimately t 's not quite the same , junior doctor is basically just a doctor who has n't specialised yet , it goes on until you become a senior doctor , gp , consultant , or whatever path you 've chosen and you 've been deemed suitable for . 
  it 's more a job description . 
  whereas the gme in the us just goes on for a few years at which point your become a low ranking doctor at the hospital , and residency is more like a stage in every doctor 's career . 
  comparing the average doctor salary in the us with a junior doctor salary in the uk is n't really fair , you 'd need to compare it with a resident doctor 's salary in the us . 
  that said , the junior doctor salary should be more shocking by the fact that being a junior doctor can last so long . 
  the average gp salary in the us is $ 138,000 , whereas in the uk average gp gets roughly # 50,000 or $ 72,000 . 
  ultimately the us does pay its doctors more , but you have to compare like to like . 
  meanwhile the average lowest tier of resident doctor would get $ 52k , which is shocking compared to the # 22,000 ( $ 32,000 ) - # 30,000 ( $ 43,500 ) a british junior doctor can expect to get in the uk , especially when you realise the cost of living is greater here . 
  that said you have to understand that the uk figures are not the average earning of a junior doctor , they are the basic salary which does n't include any overtime or any working hours that are consider `` unsociable '' . 
  the average salary of a junior doctor in the uk was estimated to be # 36,000 ( $ 52,000 ) , which would put the average uk junior doctor at around the same salary as a freshly hired 1st year resident doctor in the us . 
  on the other hand , us doctors have to put themselves through an additional 3 years of school at a much higher cost per year , to make it even worse us doctors do n't get the same kind of loans that british doctors do , because in the uk the loans are given by the government with minimal interest and you only have to pay them back when you earn over a certain amount . 
  a us doctor however has to pay the loan back or he 'll be heading for financial trouble . 
  so us resident doctors do need more or nobody would be able to afford to become a doctor . 
  ultimately the difference is not as large as it seems when you account for everything , although uk doctors definitely work for less than us doctors and expect to earn less in their lifetimes . 
  a big part of this is the fact that americans simply pay more for their healthcare so american hospitals can afford to pay more to their doctors . 
  this is n't a good thing though , because most of this is people paying more for exactly the same thing . 
  you get a vaccination to go on holiday in the us then you pay more for the shot than the government will pay the nhs for it . 
  the point is that this strike is n't so much about the money , it 's about the government expecting the junior doctors to do more work during unsociable hours for the same pay . 
  they believe they 're already working at maximum capacity and if they were made to work these hours then it would lower the standard of care patients receive . 
  the whole thing could be sorted if the government just decided to not change the hours , however the current government has pledged to make nhs provide a more 7 day a week service , so it 's a political matter . 
  currently much of the nhs is closed during weekends , obviously the hospitals are still open , but certain non-crucial things are only available during the week , and the government wants to change this . 
  well at least they still got a holiday out of it , unlike these idiots . 
  no insurer will cover that level of stupidity . 
  aitch *, 
  funny , because the last time i was directed to the `` bathroom '' in the us all i found was toilets and not a single bath in sight . 
  no pudding is what you have after your main course ( which is n't an entr\u00e9e btw , because that literally means starter ) . 
  certain savoury dishes are still called puddings though because historically pudding was a kind of sausage meat dish . 
  yeah i was tired so i asked for the restroom but i found it incredibly inconvenient to rest in there as well as a bit smelly . 
  seriously though , why not name the room after it 's primary utility . 
  you americans seem oh so precious having to dance around the point with these euphemisms . 
  i do n't get how a room with a toilet and a sink is a half bathroom , that 's like saying a room with a night stand and a lamp is a half bedroom . 
  in my house we had a bathroom upstairs with a bath , toilet , sink and shower , and then a toilet downstairs with a toilet and a sink , made a lot of sense . 
  ah yes but you forgot to account for homogeneousness !, 
  the usa would be top if it was n't for all the damn neg - ... people of colour !, 
  the nazi style genetic nonsense underlying american `` heritage '' rears its ugly head yet again . 
  i mean christ have you ever compared an irishman and a scot , may as well be comparing an african and a chinese person . 
  no , if it is a room in which you can bathe or shower , it 's a bathroom , if it 's a room without those features , it 's a toilet . 
  really not that complicated . 
  actually , the notion that `` toilet '' means that bowl into which one craps is another american euphemism , albeit one that has spread to the rest of the english speaking world , toilet actually means dressing and powdering room . 
  americans started saying toilet for lavatory ( the actual machine ) because they considered lavatory too vulgar . 
  bathroom then became the euphemism for the euphemism . 
  this is why you have the french `` eau de toilet '' , which naturally does n't mean toilet water . 
  actually wc has become somewhat the international standard sign for toilet , you 'll see signs for wc all over europe and asia . 
  in the uk the polite way to ask is to ask for the lavatory or loo , although toilet is the most common , and of course there are less polite words for it like bog , crapper and shitter . 
  nobody actually asks for the water closet or wc in the uk , the reason it 's on signs is for the benefit of foreigners who will most likely be familar with the term . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/4gtn4m/someone_just_parked_in_front_of_a_speed_camera/d2kyofr ),
