  after that i 'd want to learn italian and russian . 
  the maybe mandarin chinese . 
  spanish i just do n't like for some reason . 
  have $ 100 for your honesty . 
  it looks exactly like the sigil of house arryn to me . 
  wings spread in flight . 
  baelish 's sigil is perched on a twig . 
  as a child i hated 50:50 , why could n't they just show more cartoons :(, 
  was ist himderniss ? 
  i got scammed out of social awkwardness in germany . 
  some old women who looked like romani gypsy made out that see was deaf and shoved a piece of paper that said petition for an alleged `` deaf centre '' under my nose and started acting all encouraging , obviously not saying anything . 
  i though oh i 'll just bloody sign it just to get rid of her , when i got the final field it said donation . 
  she made a face and kept pointing at it . 
  in the end i gave her 4 euros i had in my pocket , to which she had the audacity to respond to by pointing at other , probably fake , people on the list who 'd donated 15 and 20 euros . 
  i just shrugged and walked off , felt like a right mug for giving her anything . 
  what you do n't seem to realise is that pronunciation is changing all the time . 
  look at how much accents change between locations . 
  look at how differently your grandparents generation would speak and how kids speak today . 
  now magnify that over hundreds of years . 
  then also take into the account that different cultures pronounce different clusters of letters differently , in english - eu is often a sort of ooo as in queue or feud , but in german it 's equivalent to a british - oi or - oy as in boy or toy . 
  the french do n't even pronounce the final letter of a word a lot of the time , as happens in english words of french origin sometimes like `` bouquet '' or `` valet '' . 
  we ca n't spell words as they 're spoken either because there is so much variation between pronunciations the language would n't be mutually intelligible . 
  for example if i was writing the word `` temporary '' phonetically in my english accent it would tem-puh-ri , whilst in many us accents it would be tem-por-air-ree , either would be ee-thuh for me , but could be eye-thurr for others , often would be off-un , but for some it would off-ten . 
  you just have to suck it up i 'm afraid . 
  i was diagnosed with dyslexia until i was 12 but then i learnt to spell just through sheer repetition . 
  in fact native english speakers have huge problems with supposed dyslexia compared to other nationalities , but it 's something you just have to get used to . 
  it 's bullshit that your belief is so fervent and sure of itself , you say it 's god plan , but why is your god 's plan any better than vishnu 's plan or zeus 's plan . 
  if you 'd been born elsewhere or in a different time you 'd be equally as dedicated to some other god . 
  i do n't hate religion , i think religious texts are interesting and when interpreted properly can provide us with ancient wisdom , but your certainty just seems absurd in the face of everything we know about the world . 
  extreme left wingers pissed me off . 
  i 'm talking really extreme . 
  like the kind that thinks they understand hegel and marx and you could n't possibly understand these political issues because you do n't . 
  often combined with a persecution complex and strong need to validate themselves as working class . 
  i lean quite left myself but these people are just inventing bogie men for societies ills and need to realise that we 're not going to achieve utopia by abolishing capitalism tomorrow and dogmatically endorsing some untested philosophical ideology . 
  remember my mobile number :(, 
  your whole attitude is just stupid and unrealistic , not to mention sexist and possibly racist . 
  there are reasonable and unreasonable people all over the world in every country of every race , colour and creed . 
  you 're not going to solve your problems by searching for a specific nationality . 
  you sound like the typical type of guy who gets a mail order bride . 
  this is why people get into relationships gradually , because it provides time to get to know the person you 're with and whether you like or dislike the real them and the personality traits that come with it . 
  stereotyping , especially stereotyping women on the basis of nationality is the biggest crock of shit i 've ever heard . 
  sort your attitude out and look for a woman who you can trust , it 's going to make a blind jot of difference what country she 's from . 
  can we just ban referendums , we 're not switzerland . 
  i 'm sick of clouds of uncertainty hanging over us . 
  scotland should stay in the uk and the uk should stay in the eu . 
  people like farage should be banished to the isle of elba . 
  we should stick together and take a more positive attitude towards the uk instead of scapegoating authorities on the grounds of nationalism . 
  because people are too stupid be allowed to choose . 
  idiots are anti-eu and do n't even know why except they do n't like the idea of a non-brit making laws . 
  yes full of anti-eu idiots who hate the idea of europeans just because ... 
  you sound like an american . 
  most of us are still wiser than that . 
  nonetheless the uk might not massively support the eu , but certainly more support leaving things alone than breaking away . 
  oh yes our colonial master , as you desire ... 
  i presume that we do n't believe in rule by popular demand , and that someone who understands the importance of the european union to the future british economy is slightly more entitled to hold sway in the decision than some unread moron who `` do n't like the french '' . 
  i do n't consider myself `` smarter '' than anyone , which is precisely why `` we '' should n't be making these decisions . 
  the idea that the man on the street is n't always right is something that distinguishes from our colonial friends . 
  i do n't want the arseholes in weatherspoons left to make a decision of this magnitude , and ideologically i have no problem with that at all , whilst typical american ideology would . 
  it 's hardly a `` le reddit '' thing moron , there 's a good reason why direct democracy has never been popular , and representation democracy has always been the way of things in modern society . 
  err this just prove my point . 
  firstly we are not living in those countries and we 've been doing , secondly the recession was far less to do with those countries and far more to do with what 's been going on in the us and uk housing markets and debt speculation . 
  germany are prospering massively through the eu , the uk could be leading the way but instead were floundering because of half-arsed approach to it . 
  if the uk leaves the eu it will kill international investment in uk business and the whole country will be nothing more than the city of london . 
  `` literally dying '' , what on earth gives you this idea ? 
  just because we pay into the eu more than we get in financial support does n't mean we do n't receive vast benefits in terms of opportunities and business expansion . 
  there is no way big business would allow us to leave the eu now because it 's simply taken for granted by every corporate structure in the eu . 
  we wo n't be `` nothing '' without the eu obviously , but we will be taking a large step backwards . 
  people have far too much faith in some vague notion of british exceptionalism , truth is if we did n't have the city of london playing with half the world 's oligarchs ' money then we 'd poorer than italy ourselves . 
  we are an artificially wealthy country , and not all that wealthy at that . 
  that 's absurd and paranoid nonsense , you sound like a yank sermonising on federal government . 
  nobody will believe me but i predicted both `` gangnam style '' and `` what does the fox say '' , not quite that early but when both were around the 100k hits marker . 
  when something is that bad but catchy you just know everyone is going to eat it up . 
  my restaurant serves the finest egg sandwiches in the entire world , they are renown across the land and nobody can challenge my domination of the high end egg sandwich market . 
  sadly high end egg sandwiches are an extremely niche market , and my restaurant is steadily going under due to retaining only a small clientele of egg product enthusiasts :(, 
  that ? 
  i disagree , there 's book smart , then there is regular smart ( as in worldly ) . 
  street smart , or `` street smarts '' just means you 're an asshole who thinks you 've lived in the ghetto and that somehow makes you smart . 
  real life experience does n't make you `` street smart '' , because it 's really nothing to do with `` the streets '' , it makes you practical and knowledgeable . 
  lib dems always seem to have the best policies . 
  good attitude towards europe , modern ideology , sensible policies towards taxation , education , social justice . 
  which is why they 'll never get in . 
  there 's only two political ideologies it seems , blame the rich and blame the poor . 
  people actually do this ? 
  who eats muffins or doughnuts for breakfast anyway ? 
  hate to burst your bubble but wittgenstein is n't considered a logical positivist :( nor is plato strictly a dualist, 
  some guy recently tried to start a fight with me in a situation like this . 
  i was just casually walking home when 4 pissed up middle aged women and what i assume was one of their chavvy sons bundled out of a pub right in front of me , this was the middle of the afternoon mind . 
  i just stood still against the wall assuming they 'd make some effort to move around me . 
  no , they just walked directly at me then stopped . 
  i moved around them and the cheeky little juvenile delinquent said to me `` yeah mate , you have to move around people when you 're walking ... '' , i turned around and he said `` problem ? '' . 
  i turned back and kept walking and he said `` yeah , i thought not ... '' . 
  honestly in that moment i could have happily gouged out his eyes with a rusty spoon and fed them to him , he was a good few inches shorter than me , scrawny and barely able to grow facial hair . 
  it was hardly my fault his group was using up 80 % of the pavement . 
  naturally i merely went home and envisioned his fiery death until i 'd forgotten about the whole affair . 
  the applause is how you know it definitely happened with 100 % certitude, 
  just to fill you in on things , wittgenstein , despite being the inspiration for logical positivism through the vienna circle never accepted the tenets of logical positivism as his own . 
  late wittgenstein moves drastically away from logical positivism , he did not attempt to reduce the world to synthetic a posteriori knowledge and analytic a priori knowledge but rather demarcate the limits of what could be expressed in language . 
  plato is n't a dualist but rather a transcendental realist , it differs from dualism insofar as it does n't create two distinct ontological plains but rather the suggest the reality of transcendental absolutes that share in their particulars . 
  the form of the good might not be directly accessible to us mere mortals , but it still exists and shares in those `` good '' things we perceive around us . 
  it 's not the same creating a duality of substance in a typically dualist manner .
