   this twat 's life means nothing to me, 
  what a nice person you are . 
  as far as i can see he 's just a guy with a weed habit , not a `` twat '' . 
   i 'd rather he has to leave his home with a criminal record than risk getting thrown out myself when my lettings agent smells weed at my next three-monthly inspection, 
  he wo n't get a criminal record for smoking weed in his house . 
  also you 're sounding like a bit of an arsehole for making that false dichotomy . 
  be rational , if you 've already tried talking to him about then the first step is to tell the people responsible for the building . 
  inform your letting agent about the problem beforehand , then they ca n't possibly accuse you . 
  get this in perspective , the problem is a smell , it 's no different than if he were constantly frying fish in there , just because it 's weed should n't make it worse somehow . 
  hopefully if this is escalated then he 'll get worried and start going elsewhere to smoke . 
  [ my feelings on this ] ( http://thumbs.dreamstime.com/z/team-multicultural-women-holding-thumbs-up-smiling-their-33042223.jpg ), 
  sounds like he did n't have any change lol, 
  i got scammed by gypsies once . 
  some woman , who was either deaf or pretending to be came up to me quite aggressively but smiling and shoved what looked like a petition in front of me , it even said petition on it , allegedly for building a centre for the deaf . 
  just to get rid of her i signed the damn thing and put a fake address . 
  what i did n't see at the end was a donation square , which she started pointing to very eagerly trying to pressure me to pay something . 
  the whole thing was suspect as fuck , what 's more all the names that were already on their looked fake as fuck and had extortionately high donations of like 50 euros , 30 euros and so on . 
  i put down 3 euros and she starts going ballistic pointing at the other people who 'd paid 50 euros or whatever . 
  this is when i knew it was a scam for sure . 
  i just shrugged and gave her 3 euros to get her to go away . 
  the whole thing reeked of being a scam but it was quite artfully done . 
  stick something in front of someone under the guise of it being a petition for some good cause , get them to commit by signing , something most people will do to just so you 'll leave them alone . 
  the deaf thing works because it means you ca n't actually ask any tough questions and elicits some sympathy , then get them with the expectation of a donation . 
  i mean if i 'd been thinking i 'd have realised that petitions from tourists are meaningless , so ultimately why would someone just be asking any old person to sign something . 
  this was in a very busy tourist area in berlin if anyone is curious . 
  here 's some info on the [ `` deaf-mute scam '' ] ( http://www.corporatetravelsafety.com/safety-tips/category/travel-scams/tip/deaf-mute-scams-in-europe ), 
  that 's completely bullshit . 
  an irish person would pronounce the - r in beer , making it sounds nothing like bacon with a jamaican accent . 
  wow that music was beautiful , made the whole thing oddly pensive . 
  it 's actually if you say `` beer can '' in an accent that does n't pronounce the - r like north east america , english or aussie it will sound like `` bacon '' in jamaican, 
  man i do wonder wtf people are thinking . 
  after the first big bang i 'd be out of there , you do n't know what chemicals are going into the atmosphere and shit . 
  what 's wrong with the title ? 
  it 's grammatically sound . 
  god bless the metric system . 
  that 's actually bullshit , people on reddit are always going off about how bad it is that you ca n't get free water in many parts of europe or have to pay to use the toilet . 
  also there 's nothing goofy about `` rounds '' . 
  maybe you 're just inherently bias . 
  list of relatively minor things that will set reddit off : toilet stall gaps , separate hot and cold taps , male circumcision , free tap water in restaurants , taxes not being added to the sales price , corn and tuna on pizza , american vs italian pizza , paying to use the lavatory , british vs american spelling and terminology , slow walkers , tipping culture , android vs apple , bidets . 
  nobody cares about the olympics apart from americans ... 
  according to `` self-reported '' statistics about lineage ... cough my great great aunt was from dublin , that makes me an irish american right ? 
  `` st patty 's day '' ... shudders ... 
  you 've never driven in a big old city with narrow streets have you ... 
  3edge5me * so euphoric *, 
  not a thing . 
  does it matter ? 
  it 's not exactly normal ... 
  well if you 'd told me i 'd be watching someone sing schubert on an operating table earlier i would n't have believed you . 
  * a stranger i arrived , a stranger i depart *, 
  * may was kind to me *, 
  * with many bouquets of flowers *, 
  * the girl spoke of love *, 
  * the mother even of marriage *, 
  * now is the world so somber *, 
  * the way shrouded in snow *, 
  funny as fuck does n't require verity imo, 
  alright calm down dr. grant, 
  it 's the one international contest that america regularly wins so yeah , it 's not like you can beat the world at the sports the world regularly plays . 
  also it was the one of the few things the soviets would actually compete with america at , so there 's some national thing going on there . 
  not the british really , i mean it 's different all over . 
  america always cared historically because of the competition with the soviet bloc . 
  ussr certainly cared , china still cares . 
  most countries only care about a small band of things their nation is good at . 
  also other countries are more invested in other international competitions like the world cup ( cricket , rugby , football ), 
  you should read adam smith on capitalism . 
  it really captures what americans still believe , that capitalism is the ultimate system that leads to overall best outcome for everyone . 
  for example you accept a low wage , that low wage means your company is competitive , because it 's competitive it turns a higher profit , with that it can hire more people , it also pays those people more because it wants to attract and retain the best staff . 
  if we all do this then all markets will prosper , the price of goods will go down , the availability of capital will increase , interest rates will be good , goods and services will cost less , jobs will be abundant . 
  the invisible hand of the market ( essentially survival of the fittest ) will keep everyone prosperous . 
  sure some companies will go under and people will lose their jobs , however this was a failure of the company to properly serve the market and because of the overall prosperity those people will find jobs somewhere else . 
  essentially this is the belief that capitalism is a perfect system . 
  it fails to acknowledge that it is corruptible , that people will screw with the system to preserve their own wealth at the expense of the greater good . 
  instead of accepting this as the reason for their failure to achieve utopian capitalism instead they blame government and `` socialism '' . 
  any attempt to change the system through state intervention perverts the pure and infallible mechanisms of capital . 
  enforcing a minimum wage for example means people getting money greater than their real market value , the value of what they contribute to society , this prevents the businesses from being competitive and does n't allow prosperity to flourish . 
  the american dream is this utopian capitalism , where the economy is so strong anyone willing to work can earn plenty of money . 
  there 's also a lack of sympathy for those who are `` lazy '' ... in the bible it says `` he who is unwilling to work , let him not each '' . 
  this is taken very literally by americans who think the economy is the ultimate diviner of human worth . 
  there many parallels to be drawn between communist devotion to the state and american devotion to the `` economy '' . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  ( in truth the americans barely changed the language , they started , realised it was a lost cause and quickly gave up , yet they go on about it like it were their greatest achievement , after muh moon landing of course ), 
  the whole invented electricity thing just boggles the mind . 
  this looks like an absolute shit show . 
  most big european cities will have an official blade night , the road is closes off to cars for about 30 and minutes and reopened as the group passes through . 
  the midlands , particularly northamptonshire , warwickshire , stretching east to cambridge and norfolk were the economic powerhouses of the day though . 
  mostly because of agriculture and being the centre of everything . 
  i always see so much negativity on these boards but in reality everyone has a different experience and everyone has different goals . 
  i 've met teachers who honestly think they 're going to get super rich working in asia , then are disappointed when they do n't . 
  then you have people like myself who are just in it to travel and support themselves while they transition into a new country , people who teach and study at the same time to support their education . 
  these people tend to be happier . 
  where i am ( germany ) i 've found work to be available and pay to be decent , then again if i were trying to feed kids and have a lavish lifestyle then i would n't . 
  all birds shit everywhere , it 's just the size of the poop that differs . 
  needs moar . jpg, 
  in this context we 're only talking about spelling . 
  spelling has n't changed that much since it was first standardised , it 's virtually the same in both uk and america apart from stuff like centre/center , favour/favor . 
  one thing though is that in the uk the - ize spelling used to be just as common as the - ise spelling , however when america made - ize standard , british people began to perceive it as american and now the majority use - ise . 
  even today words like realize do n't appear with a red line underneath them with a uk spellcheck . 
  yeah , they do n't get , or pretend not to get , the difference between real linguistic prescriptivism and ordinary people who could n't give a fuck about language having feelings regarding different ways of speaking . 
  it 's perfectly possible to not like some word or phrase and not be a prescriptivist shitlord who omg does n't understand language is use yada yada . 
  that 's not a phrase , there was a tv programme called `` top of the pops '' though , it was just called that because pop and top rhyme , it was a chart programme that counted down the pop chart .
