  also the language barrier though , that was probably the biggest factor . 
  the uk is comparatively deregulated economy compared to most eu countries , with more focus on doing a job over specific national qualifications . 
  yeah ... he 's taking the piss mate and you 're walking right into it . 
  dear god i 've caught foreign . 
  i completely understand this . 
  however , what has happened a couple of times and really pissed me off is when people do n't know know there own height . 
  i 'm almost 6 ft tall ( 5ft 11 by the doctor 's measurement ) . 
  speaking to a 5ft 9 girl , `` i could never date you because i 'm taller than you '' . 
  we actually had stand back to back and get a couple of third parties to confirm that i was at least 2 inches taller than her , not to mention the fact that her shoes were considerably more raised and bare foot she was probably only 5 ' 8ish . 
  seriously people , learn you own heights for christ 's sake , it bewilders me how many people there are walking around thinking they 're taller or shorter than they are , and how many people are bad at judging who is taller or shorter than them . 
  yeah , one thing i 've noticed is that while many women seem to care about height they are often terrible at judging it . 
  every many over 5 '10 just says they 're 6 foot and many believe it . 
  this is probably a factor in why so many women claim to have a 6 foot requirement . 
  red pillers - socially retarded neckbeards who had a sudden revelation at some point in their lives when they made the shocking discovery that women were n't the unrealistic , inhumanely perfect waifus they believed they were during their teenage years . 
  the shock of realising the world was n't identical to their naive unrealistic imagined assumptions leads them to take a completely antithetical position due to their complete inability to think in a nuanced fashion . 
  well adapted human male - someone who never thought such stupid things in the first place and realised at an early age that women , just like men , are capable of differing from one another and having very different personality traits . 
  you guys are like the hardcore christians who have a loss of faith at some point in life and therefore decide to take up satanism . 
  the rest of the sensible world is looking on and wondering why you ca n't just be normal . 
  except you model for women is entirely reductive and basically assumes all women will cheat unless you just some stupid tricks that will stop them ( tricks that some of you end up paying for from some guru - fyi this is why the red pills and its ilk really exists - to sell easy solutions to difficult problems to the socially hapless ) . 
  cheating is n't `` the nature of women '' , that 's you projecting your experiences onto women as so much of the red pill community is made up by socially hopeless guys and misogynists . 
  you suffer from nice guy-itis , so when you get cheated on you assume women are programmed to be callous and sexually opportunistic rather than asking why it happened . 
  guess what , both men and women cheat , both have inclinations to maximise their sexual opportunity , men are perhaps even worse as their impregnating a woman does n't have the same biological ramifications . 
  women are no more programmed to be driven by those biological drives as men are . 
  it is also learning that woman are all driven by the same underlying incentives and mechanism . 
  when you say this all i hear is `` i am still bounded by the same mildly autistic style thinking as i have been all my life , i still think that women are all the same , and i still want to reduce their behaviour down to a formulae that i can crack as if they were a problem on an engineering exam '' . 
  you red pillers are just as hopeless at actually understanding women as you were before you found the community , and this is evidenced by the way you all believe that all women follow the same arcane set of rules that you have to learn out of a book or from a website . 
  guess what , if you actually learned to empathise with women , you 'd actually understand at a much more real and human level . 
  instead you treat them like some strange material with counter-intuitive properties that you need to learn to manipulate from a book . 
  women are n't a mystery , and you do n't need to call on evolutionary psychology to explain their behaviour , you need to stop seeing women as mysterious and other and empathise with how they tick just as you might empathise with a guy . 
  i 'd bet the farm that there a far higher number of guys over on the red pill who did n't grow up with sisters than you 'd find in a random selection of society . 
  because if you they had grown up close to female family members they would be far more likely to appreciate women for the complex imperfect human beings they are rather than looking at them like a video game they need to find the cheat codes for . 
   what you call mildly autistic style thinking is more often called scientific thinking . 
  men do this type of thinking a lot . 
  it 's how they make great discoveries and invent great things . 
  yes , and people who naturally gifted at scientific thought are overwhelmingly male and notoriously bad with women . 
  applying empirical methodology to a human subject is notorious limited ( which is why we distinguish between hard science and social science ) . 
  real social science does n't even pretend to be able to deal you how to do with individuals or predict how individuals will behave , and it has more success looking only at the general trends amongst large groups . 
  the problem is that you can know everything about the scientific behaviour of horses and it wo n't help you ride this horse you 're on right now , and until you 've mastered riding a few horses you 'll never be a good rider . 
  with human being this distinction is even more extreme given how complicated and varied they are . 
  even if individual humans could be theoretically reduced to a system that could be explained in scientific terms , there is simply no way for anyone to do that with some kind of magical future science . 
  you can not predict individuals using empirical data taken over a group . 
  the gap between the group and the individual is too vast for you to derive virtually any meaningful tool that might improve your social abilities from looking at group data . 
  there are idiots who study psychology because they think it will make smarter and better able to influence people , these are the ones that drop in the first year and start selling weed . 
  it 's like trying to produce art using the scientific method , you can not find the entire scope of human meaning into a system that tries to reduce the world into a set of law-like relationships . 
   one minute he 's a creepy autistic guy who ca n't get laid , next minute he is a hero who revolutionised an entire field of science . 
  great , and while that might win him wealth and respect he will still be as ultimately clueless about how to understand people as he was before even when they 're clamouring for his attention due to his wealth and status . 
   not exactly . 
  it is not `` callous '' anymore than a lion eating a gazelle is callous . 
  it 's just the way things work . 
  except it 's not remotely . 
  human beings are n't simply mammals like lions , we are the only animal with any like this level of intelligence on the planet . 
  our existence involves the complexity of meaning , and meaning can not be reduced to a scientific explanation , it encompasses the entirety of the human experience , with all the phenomenological content that involves . 
   women cheat when they are sexually excited by a male enough that they consider the risk/reward ratio is acceptable . 
  typically this happens when an opportunity for sex with an attractive male provides itself without losing the stability and provision of a provider . 
  it really is that simple and natural . 
  it 's how the whole of nature operates ; the calculus of risk vs reward . 
  no , this is an inherent stupid and misogynistic line of thought . 
  women will cheat when they want to cheat , in exactly the same way that you or any other man might cheat . 
  if a hot girl offered a married guy with a loyal wife no strings sex he might cheat , or he might decline the offer . 
  yes , sexual arousal can affect decision making processes , which is proof enough that all humans have instincts that aim to promote the propagation of genes , but it does n't make someone an automata incapable of choice . 
  you , however , when you say things like `` women cheat when they are sexually excited by a male enough that they consider the risk/reward ratio is acceptable . '', 
  are attempting to reduce a woman 's decision making processes to a ludicrously simplistic cost benefit analysis , as if she were a robot that did n't an equally rich and complex mental life as yourself , capable of all the complexity , nuance , reason , and cognitive dissonance that you are . 
  you might as well say `` people steal when the value of goods exceed the risk of getting caught on the basis of a cost benefit analysis '' , except that 's bullshit . 
  people steal when the value of goods do not exceed the risk by any sensible standard all the bloody time , and often people do n't steal even though they could steal with almost complete impunity . 
  ask yourself , if you cheated , would it be simply a matter of cost benefits analysis based on the hotness of the girl and the likelihood of getting caught ? 
  or would be it be an incredibly complex series of thought processes that involved many contradictory forces racing through your head , the desire for physical gratification , the fear of guilt , the excitement of the moment , the thought of your spouse lurking in the back of your mind , your perceived self-image , and the morality you believe you adhere to . 
  it 's exactly the same for a woman as it would be for you , they are humans just like you , and if you think of them reductively you will never get them . 
  my might get lucky following some dumb rule set from time to time , but you 'll ultimately be just as in the dark as you were before . 
  what 's actually happened is that you 've got a lot of guys without much social understanding and underdeveloped capacities to empathise . 
  these people tend to assume that everyone thinks exactly like they do and have no concept of differences or how people 's perception can differ from their own ( which might be why so many are drawn towards the objectivity of science ) . 
  these people go in the socially clueless category and get led around by other people by the nose their whole lives without being aware of it . 
  occasionally these people have a shock or revelation when something goes wrong in their romantic lives when they realise suddenly that women do n't always behave the way they think they should . 
  then they go off and conclude that women must follow this crazy half arsed logic that some guy on the internet is talking about , and that 's how red pillers are born . 
  the combined armies of those nations far exceed russian military capacity . 
  germany is a non-goer for most british students as they require you study both mathematics and a language to 18 . 
  just another way that the german public university system has been somewhat obnoxiously regulated to prevent foreigners from flocking over for the free ( almost free ) university . 
  the a-levels you need to study say , biology , in germany , ( e.g biology , maths , french ) would probably exclude , or at least reduce your choice , when it came to studying biology in the uk ( who 'd prefer 3 sciences or 2 science with maths ) and therefore the majority do n't go that route . 
  furthermore , the majority of ba courses on offer in germany public universities are still taught exclusively in german and require a recognised c2 qualification ( a higher level of german than the level of english oxford university requires of international students ) . 
  want to study humanities and have fortunately studied maths and a modern language ? 
  hang on a second there buddy , do you have latin at the level of at least an as-level , nope ? 
  then you 'll need to do a little thing called das kleine latinum , a common component of the german gymnasium leaving qualification das arbitur . 
  this is a little easier , they do at least offer summer schools where you do the whole thing in a 160 hour course over 4 weeks in the summer , assuming your up for taking an entire month out of life , moving to germany temporarily and studying latin . 
  feeling up to the intellectual challenge , well do n't forget that the course is taught entirely in german , with german language tutors and seminars , we 'll also add that you 'll then be expected to translate latin into german in the exams ... that 's grammatically accurate german , not your broken barely conversational a-level german , your writing will be held to the standards of a native speaker 's writing . 
  not to mention the written form they 'll expect differs vastly even from the common colloquial german almost all germans use , so you 'd better get practising with the genitive , the subjunctive mood , and das plusquamsperfekt ( there are native german speakers who struggle with this shit ) . 
  most of the uk students are limited to exchange programmes , the business schools , private universities , and master 's students . 
  doing an ma in german university as an english speaker is far more viable , and though german universities differ in the scope of subjects offered in english ( some offer virtually all of them in english while others offer just a relatively small selection ) . 
  germany really do n't want the whole of europe sending their kids there for a free ba , so they really do make it hard work . 
  i mean it 's doable , but for the level of commitment it requires you may as well considered moving there longer term , given you speak the language at an almost native level and have achieved a german qualification . 
  i think so people are somewhat misguided about how things are over in germany , while they retain many of the good social and societal elements that britain has lost in the last 30 years it 's not the land of milk and honey , and idea that pops up often on reddit : that you can just nip over there and benefit from their system with eu freedom of movement , or pop by for some free education at the expense of the government , is somewhat naive . 
  i 'd recommend the netherlands tbh , they offer a lot more english , but expect there to be byzantine requirements and lots of competition regardless . 
  it 's usually dsh-2 , which can often be achieved by c1 students once they study for it , but they wo n't let you start a course with only c1 most of the time . 
  most of the time c1 ( and sometimes b2 ) will get you onto the programme that let 's you study the dsh in the hope of get dsh-2 . 
  it depends on the qualification too , for example they often require c2 goethe but c1 telc . 
  also, 
   c1 german can be aquired in about 12 months from scratch , and can be done quiet cheaply ( vienna ), 
  not only is this a massive under statement , i mean * only * 12 months , which means 12 months of intensive courses at least 15 hours a week while somehow supporting yourself , but it 's also highly optimistic , plenty of people sit in classes for years and never get higher than b2 , even those who have lived in germany for years , that figure assumes a level of natural language ability and high level of sustained dedication . 
  no , it 's not acceptable in the official written form of the language , and i do n't know where you 've seen it because i 've never seen it written that way ever . 
  both . '', 
  'cause '' would be the proper way to reflect someone 's speech if they dropped the first syllable of the word . 
  apostrophes are used to reflect when a sound has been omitted in direct quotation .
