  homeowners are ridiculously more likely to vote than people who rent in the uk ( although for a variety of reasons , age , wealth , education etc. ) . 
  home ownership is so much the norm in the uk that you say that even renters consider themselves as little more than temporarily propertyless home owners in the same way that some people suggest the american poor considered themselves temporarily broke millionaires . 
  the reaction to high rental prices of `` oh goodie , i guess that means we 're becoming gentrified '' . 
  germany does have strong protection laws too , but it is counterbalanced by the reality that a political party seen to cause a rental shortage will lose support , in the uk there is almost no such opposition so the debate is entirely one sided . 
  in germany compromises are reached e.g allow building outside of the city but also invest in new roads and tram networks to ensure those places are connected to the city . 
  in the uk there is almost no political incentive to do this . 
  that 's a fair point , i guess i was just confused because broadchurch seems like a high budget drama to me . 
  it 's the writing , rather than the budget that shocks me . 
  the cinematography and production is actually beautiful , and probably very expensive too . 
  the fact that tv production companies have a smaller budget for dramas to me makes it all the more shocking that reactionary dross like broadchurch gets produced , which seems to support my view that prime time television is catering to a narrower and narrower audience with a narrower mindset than the population at large . 
  except the thing is most whodunnits are made is an element of tongue in cheek about them , which is how they explain how a small home counties village or whatever has a murder rate equivalent to an inner city ghetto , or they try to go for authenticity in portraying the criminal world i.e believable multidimensional characters , realistic setting , realistic motives for criminal behaviour . 
  broadchurch strikes be as the worst of both worlds , using a realistic gritty rural setting to try to beat home the message that anyone you meet , regardless of how respectable , could be a sex pervert , murderer , or rapist . 
  to me it seems to shamelessly embody that paranoid tabloid mentality that there 's a sicko lurking behind every bush in your suburban neighbourhood . 
  we already have a unhealthily distrustful culture and parents are less willing to let kids go outside , which turn leads to them becoming obese cod playing teenagers , maybe that 's partially because we indulgently absorb dross like broadchurch as `` realism '' without questioning it . 
   did you watch it all ? 
  i seem to recall in the final episode david tennant telling olivia coleman that this ` is n't how men think . 
  this is n't how men are ' . 
  i did watch it all and that scene actually rung out for me as shocking censure of masculinity , as if tennant 's character were trying to assure himself that that 's not how men are in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary . 
  let 's not forget the scene where tennant 's character publicly verbally assaults threes young lads who transparently represent the `` youth of today '' in a completely one dimensional way . 
  i imagine that that scene was perceived as heroic by much of the parochial audience . 
  similarly , the incredibly one dimensional young female character who works on the local paper who represents new media who is heroic dressed down by the older journalist character as she rants about journalistic ethics . 
  my problem is n't so much that these things happen , but that happen in a way that so transparent and twee that it concerns you that this is passing for realism . 
  young people show no empathy for the opinions of the old , rapists seems to lack the basic capacity to understand that rape is n't bad , the young journalist woman acts as if she does n't have any understanding of ethics whatsoever , men act like they have zero comprehension of women 's perspectives . 
  it 's all just a one dimensional mary sue story for 50 + viewers that reflects their clich\u00e9 and reductive characterisation of the young , and confirms their hysterical reactive fears that society is `` going to the dogs '' and that we 've lost our moral foundations . 
  reality is n't like that at all , in reality there are two sides to every story , and people who differ in opinion from each other do so for different reasons . 
  if broadchurch were meant to be fantastical , if the show itself acknowledged that it was fiction , i would n't see a problem with this , but actually it worries me that people eat this up wholesale believing that it some sense captures what life it actually like . 
  ultimately , broadchurch seems to me to be nothing more than socially conservative pornography , an undiluted reflection of how older social conservatives genuinely see the world , which is troubling . 
  to sum up , this kind of message in media seems like the exact opposite of what we actually need right , this dross just further reinforces the mindset that has been toxic in our culture for a long time . 
  let 's not forget that young journalist character who only ever talks about algorithms and drops new media buzz words while the ageing boomer journalist heroically rants about ethics in journalism as her younger colleague shows either pure lack of comprehension or contempt . 
  not only is the material clich\u00e9 , but it 's realisation is so pathetically simplistic and unsubtle it makes me fear for the british public 's sanity if they ca n't see how transparent and inauthentic it actually is . 
   but protecting the green belt is more important . 
  once you start chipping into it , where do you go from there ? 
  i would argue that this is a price society must pay for growth . 
  you can either live in a city or you can have lovely rolling fields outside your house . 
  the demand for both is somewhat selfish , especially when homeowners are on average vastly less in need than the poor . 
  i 'm not saying we should rid ourselves of all greenbelt and have a free for all , but slippery slope arguments are bullshit , assuming that once we start chipping into greenbelt it will only be a matter of time before it 's all gone is much a much more damning indictment of societies own lack of confidence in its ability to regulate itself . 
  it 's intellectually easier to stick with a dogmatic approach than to think in the future we 'll need to constantly be vigilant and constantly weigh up the beauty of our towns and cities against the need for new housing . 
  i said in another post in most countries price per meter for renters is as big a political issue as home equity , so there is a natural balance . 
  sadly in the uk we do not respect renters and renting is not seen as a viable long term strategy , so we do n't have the opposition . 
  any show that tells you who you 're meant to side with in such a transparent way should n't present itself as realistic . 
  moreover , the young female journalist is just so unbelievable as a character . 
  rather than saying `` yeah i agree but we need to make money or we wo n't have a paper '' , and being sympathetic to her colleague , which is what would really happen , they portray her as as bratty , callous , and unsympathetic as possible . 
  the final scene with her where the older lady quits at the newspaper and says something like `` up yours pedal '' in a faux american accent to the younger journalist honest to god struck me as something straight out of alan partridge . 
  it would be funny if it were n't for the tragic reality that some people are watching this and heartily agreeing throughout . 
  yeah agree that need for every programme to have some kind of deeper moral message to obtain funding , usually involving the social issues du jour , has really made television worse . 
  i used to love the stuff the bbc produced by now it 's all hack writers unsubtly shoehorning moral messages and issues into their narratives . 
  instead of raising new issues or challenging preconceived notions , you get beaten round the head with a moral issue you 're already aware of . 
  this series of broadchurch was really heavy handed on the treatment of rape victims message , which is a noble cause , but when you treat your audience like children with such unsubtle moral signalling it undoubtedly make the programme as a piece of social commentary vastly less valuable . 
   unfortunately given how our government seems hell-bent on environmentally destructive practices such as fracking , considering the use of pesticides known to be harmful to pollinators , the dumping of waste into the thames , etc , i do n't think i can trust them not to abuse the slippery slope . 
  but this is part of the problem mentality . 
  we do n't trust the government should n't ever be a factor in any political discourse . 
  you should never trust government , full stop . 
  in fact , you should never absolve your political responsibility to an institution at all . 
  we are far to guilty of treating institutions like people who can be trusted rather than as power structure that are always open to corruption on so many levels . 
  it 's our job to tell the government when to make new housing and our job to make them stop when they get greedy and need to stop . 
  it 's almost as we do n't trust ourselves , or future generations , to play the basic political role in society that was once taken for granted . 
  not trusting politicians / government is such a huge thing in politics right now . 
  brexit , for example , came down so much to people not trusting the government . 
  but it was incredibly naive for anyone to trust the government in the first place . 
  the british public seems desperate to absolve itself of the need to think for itself , and that 's dangerous . 
  great song , really cheered me up a bit . 
  to be fair a few hundred thousand people , if not millions , have been doing a protest against the laws prohibiting recreational drugs since about the 60s and the law persists despite the complete inability of the police to do anything about it . 
  i think there 's a much bigger bias ** against ** people who apply from overseas than towards foreigners themselves . 
  ( sorry to correct you but `` bias towards '' means to favour something rather than discriminate against it ) . 
  there 's no real preference when it comes to nationality when it comes to most kinds of work . 
  in low paid work they do n't usually care who you are as long as you turn up on time and sober , that 's not to say certain employers are n't biased when it comes to small firms , but that depends on the employer and only happens in smaller firms that do n't have to hold themselves accountable as much as the likelihood of someone bringing a discrimination case against them is much smaller . 
  there are certain jobs that involve a lot of social skills that foreigners would find hard to get unless their english skills and cultural understanding is a native like level , but arguably that 's because if your job involves a lot of business dealing and persuasion you need to understand the culture like a native to be good at it . 
  it 's nothing to do with race or nationality but with actual skills . 
   but i am still slightly concerned that a company would rather hire a lower skilled local guy than me purely due to whatever reasons they may have based on my origin . 
  as it stands there are laws against and any company worth a damn will be aware of that . 
  yes , there is element of subjectivity when it comes to who is `` best '' , but the personal you impression you make at the interview is likely to define that unless the hr manager happens to be a frothing at the mouth xenophobic which is thankfully not normally the case . 
  in the uk we have a mentality that landlords are mostly scum and a house is the only true sign that one has truly made it as a success . 
  the only exception to this is in central london where a flat can be more prestigious than a house . 
  `` an englishman 's home is his castle '' resounds deeply in uk culture and we 're adverse to the shared responsibility that comes with owning part of a building . 
  not to mention the fact that so much of the uk 's housing is old and thus constantly in repair . 
  nobody likes paying for repairs because the freeholder says so , rather than because they 've decided it 's necessary . 
  since the 90s the housing market has been a cash cow for a whole generation who 've seen their houses triple in value over a 20 years . 
  in germany it is , and has been historically , harder to buy due to the government restrictions on mortgages and most of the banks being more similar to what we 'd consider building societies in the uk . 
  they have much stronger limits on risk . 
  this mean easy loans are rare . 
  additionally , the government has always regulated the rental market in a way similar to how the uk government did up until thatcher . 
  there is a limit for how much one may charge per square meter of housing for each postcode . 
  there are stronger contracts that provide the tenant more rights and limits on how much rent can be raised every 12 months . 
  in many ways it was the deregulation of the rental market that led to the uk housing boom , as property became a lot more profitable for landlords more speculators joined the market with seemingly endless funds . 
  as long as people are willing to pay then they will squeeze the market dry . 
  if there are more employed people , or people are comparatively richer than before then that squeeze can go on forever . 
  i do n't see any help for the future as although the market will ultimately correct itself , i.e. 
  if there 's no one to pay the rent the rent will be lowered or rise less quickly , that 's not reason to believe it will become affordable in the way enjoyed in many other european countries . 
  there 's little chance of rent control be added now as it would cause a lot of money to simply disappear overnight . 
  it 's a catch 22 . 
  certainly the government should get harsher on landlords though and stop the flagrant abuse of the system in london and other highly desirable areas as many fail to fulfil their legal responsibilities and provide shit service in the most desirable areas simply because they know those areas are desirable thus the tenants have little choice but to put up with it . 
  there is a downside to rent control which is that it becomes a seller 's market . 
  it can become absurdly hard to find a flat , especially if you 're not a ideal tenant on paper e.g self-employed , new job , young ( especially if you do n't have rich parents ) , in education , imperfect credit rating , new in the country , etc. 
  landlords in desirable areas can have 10 possible tenants in a day simply because of how desirable yet inexpensive it is , meaning rather than getting priced out of the market you get virtued out . 
  this needs more countries . 
  so many possibilities . 
  shit 's deep yo, 
  yeah , you and your mates are n't representative . 
  most remainers have n't changed their mind . 
  even if some borderline cases have switched sides simply because they think it 'll be a faster route to stability .
