  american english is pretty `` dang '' standardised , and regionalism and discouraged as `` uneducated '' . 
  consequently , many americans struggle with linguistic diversity , which is n't great but understandable , until people start taking pride in the fact they ca n't understand people with non-american accents , which comes across as highly ignorant . 
  no offence but this culture sounds incredibly autistic . 
  lots of games depend on words , but this is pedantry of a much larger scale . 
  ah the pieces are coming together . 
  starts to make more sense why the judges are willing to enforce such pathetic pedantry . 
  us gambling laws are like something out of the middle ages at times . 
  to be fair you did n't point out the gambling side of things that some other posters pointed out . 
  the people putting on these tournaments are strict about this because allowing a concession for money could be considered against the law under the us 's antiquated gambling laws . 
  it makes more sense that the judges would support such an awful pedantic culture when breaking these rules could theoretically get them sent to prison . 
  i still think it 's terrible sportsmanship , dq 's that in any sense seem like tricks should dq both players if anything . 
  now i 'm sad because i doubt any rpg will ever be this good :( the problem with the format is that aaa game makers do n't want to make content that wo n't be seen by most players in a single play through . 
  even in an amazing got rpg you 'd just get funnelled through major plot events otherwise they 'd have to make a bunch of games and most players would only see 1 version :(, 
  minnesotan 's strike me as tending towards self-depreciation and understatement in a way that is common in most of europe . 
  the way they respond to stuff somewhat indirectly remind me of the irish and northern english . 
  canadians are kinda similar but more polite . 
  canadians can be sarcastic bastards , and have a touch of the slightly mean humour that 's common in the uk and ireland . 
  sounds like a lot of germans to be honest . 
  always fearing the worst , always thinking ruin is around the corner . 
  germany is full of gym going vegetarian non-smokers sitting in half a million euro flats/houses with bmws outside , with half a million in saving in the bank worrying that something is going to go terribly wrong , contemplating getting yet another insurance policy . 
  i suppose you 've [ seen this map before ] ( http://assets3.bigthink.com/system/tinymce_assets/4149/original/scone_map.png?1481485615 ) . 
  i seem to remember reading that the `` u-speak '' version rhymes with `` gone '' ( has the lot vowel ) . 
  as a child i remember being corrected when saying it with the goat vowel by both my staunchly working class maternal grandmother , who denounced it as posh , and my old fashioned rather posh public school educated father , who denounced as a middle class affectation ; `` sounds like mrs bouquet '' . 
  that generation were quite prescriptive , of course . 
  then again that is n't that rare , as both u-speak and working class dialects often preserved more old fashioned or historically prescribed forms , whereas non-u speak seems to be more influenced by how words are spelled , potentially arising from an educated middle class keen to show off their literacy . 
  if i were a betting man i 'd wager that the goat pronunciation is most common amongst the respectable lower middle , and middle class . 
  if you look at the map , essex and the north east seem to have it most often , and they 're both places with lots of respectable working come lower middle class communities . 
  it was a similar sorry with the pronunciation of `` ate '' . 
  u-speak and working class dialects had it rhyming with `` bet '' but the middle class started to take over with the one that rhymes with `` bate '' . 
  so a brit would say `` i play football and have done for many years '' , whereas an american would say `` i play football and have for many years '' . 
  both dialects sometimes use `` i play football and have done so for many years '' . 
  the bare `` do '' is used more like an auxiliary verb to repeat whatever verb came before it in bre . 
  ame : `` will you please tidy your room ? '', 
  `` i will '', 
  bre : `` will you please tidy your room ? '', 
  `` i will do '' . 
  americans often get confused about what the `` do '' means in these kinds of sentences , but then again most people can figure out what is meant from context , but it might strike american ears as odd or incorrect . 
   some brits are commonly adding a past time to present perfect as in , `` i 've ordered it half an hour ago '' . 
  that still strikes my british ears as non-standard , although i 'm sure some people do it . 
  certainly the present perfect is more `` complete '' in bre . 
  ame seems to omit it , often when combined with `` just '' , `` already '' , or `` yet '' . 
  `` i did n't do it yet '' sounds very strange in a british accent , and strikes me as `` schoolboy english '' . 
  effete asexual character check . 
  source of occasional comic relief check . 
  yeah , it just seems like a fanfic thinking about it . 
  that would be a lot of deaths in one episode . 
  it does n't make sense for bran to die before doing anything of particular note . 
  definitely feels like he has a greater role to come in the finishing off the night king . 
  [ s7e4 ] ( #s `` as long as we get incest baby targaryens , could cut that sexual tension with a knife ! '' ), 
  jimmy carr is such a professional that he can basically take on any audience . 
  his jokes are incredibly formulaic and structured , but he 's a master of his craft . 
  the way americans appropriate everything drives me up the wall to be honest . 
  they selectively omit to bring up something 's origin when it 's foreign derived , and broadcast it to all and sundry when it 's of american origin , and manage to give so many people the impression that everything good is american . 
  there 's also a lot selective redefining of terms to give american 's cultural accomplishments too . 
  failing that , just shift the focus , e.g from the first man in space to the first men on the moon . 
  the german way sounds very similar to the english word `` cant '' , which is n't really that hilarious . 
  you sound saltier than the drowned god frankly . 
  most of the people on / r/freefolk are good people who just do n't care about spoilers and leaks . 
  calling people who are anal about spoilers and sub rules kneelers is just part of the fun and not remotely `` toxic '' . 
  whatever happened between a few users and some / r/asoiaf mods is their own business , and certainly hate threads are not the same as `` doxxing '' , `` doxxing '' requires irl info to be made public . 
  that 's what the witch said but i 'm not taking anything off the table right now . 
  i mean she birthed fucking dragons did n't she ? 
  i meant more metaphorically . 
  yeah but she 's magic and shit . 
  having eaten mcdonalds all over the world i 'd say that 's only partially true . 
  mcdonalds and even big macs differ all over the world . 
  if you 've got a society that does n't go for raw lettuce you have to adapt . 
  it 's amazing how much dietary preferences differ from culture to culture . 
  if you go for the specials obviously you get even more crazy variation . 
  except not really as most mcdonalds source a lot of things locally too . 
  it really just depends on what costs more . 
  unable to comply . 
  building in progress . 
  cant and cunt definitely sound different to me . 
  and the german `` kant '' definitely sounds more like cant . 
  yeah she 's infertile now for sure . 
  but magic giveth and magic taketh away . 
  maybe one day the sun will set in the east and the mountains will blow in the wind like leaves . 
  maybe that 's a metaphor for the long night and not , as would be more obvious , that she 's never have more children . 
  it 's in the sidebar, 
  america has some of the worst toilets of any western nation i 've visited so i think you must be into gross scat fetish shit by the looks of things . 
  seriously . 
  american manage toilets roughly on par with the ex-soviet union . 
  stalls with peep gaps to stop people doing anything `` deviant '' in there , a small hole with water that you have to aim carefully for , and a flush so weak you have yo break larger turds down with the toilet brush . 
  every time i go to a public toilet in the us i feel like in a toilet that 's been designed for primary school kids with large gaps under doors to prevent any funny business and barely functional locks in case one of the kids has an accident . 
  seriously , america does n't get to compare itself to northern europe when it comes to toilets . 
  your nation still needs time to catch up to first world toilet game . 
  i think blizzard already did it . 
  yeah me too , along with a tin of tartan paint and a long weight . 
  yup . 
  theresa may has seemingly been collaborating with mumsnet on policy lately . 
  after all , who 's going to wage war on unemployed males under 45 , hoodies , benefit cheats , drugheads , and porn pervs . 
  yesterday i saw a paedophile disguised as a school . 
  we need to get back to good old british values like institutionalised racism , the class system , and sexual repression if britain is ever to regain its former glory . 
  welcome to the game of thrones fan community . 
  a bunch of crying whining bitching virgin neckbeards raging at each other for not tagging spoilers properly . 
  seems to be only two types of got fan . 
  the kind that does n't give a fuck about leaks , piracy , or spoilers , and the precocious fancy lads that think being told anything about anything about an episode they have n't seen or has n't been aired on hbo yet , and i mean anything , even things as simple as `` there is a scene at x location '' or `` x actor has a cameo '' will completely destroy their viewing experience and make watching that episode pointless . 
  sadly , amongst the former group there are a minority that enjoy deliberately pissing off the latter with spoilers , which has lead to the many of the former declaring war on the latter and indiscriminately hating anyone who does n't approve of their rules and spoiler safe spaces where the onus is no longer on the unspoiled to remain that way , but on the spoiled to protect their feels and tag and censor everything they say . 
  hate to say it that fucking kneelers are the worst , if you look at this sub they 're not going after the user 's that sent hate mail to their mods , but the whole subreddit , as if it should n't exist .
