  `` he was to come '' ( and he did ), 
  `` he was to have come '' ( it was generally intended , that is to say , consensus demanded that he come , he did n't in the end ) . 
  it 's not a matter of trying . 
  i understand you 're not trying . 
  however , you 're making some mistakes that a native speaker would never make even if they were n't trying . 
  your sense of the language is imperfect . 
  if it were so easy then you would n't make these mistakes . 
  you claim nothing about english is difficult but why then do you make mistakes that clearly are n't just due to lazy writing on reddit but actually due to not knowing certain facts about words e.g not knowing that intend and mean are governed by different rules . 
  when something is still going on but you want to explain for how long then it is obviously still relevant in the moment . 
  normally you would say `` i work here '' or `` i am working here '' , but when you need to talk about the duration then it 's done in the past , thus : i have worked here for 3 years, 
  when something is recent and new information then it is clearly having a bearing on the present in this very moment , thus : `` the prime minster has done xyz '', 
  when the effects of a past event are still clearly evident then it 's bearing on the present , thus `` the house has fallen down '' . 
  the only one not to fit this schema so well is the `` timeless '' sense of `` i have visited france '' . 
  but this one is the same as german `` ich habe frankreich besucht '' . 
  the real exception is remembering that the past simple must be used to talk about the past whenever a specific instance is implied e.g i visited france when was 12 . 
  you can play some games in order to develop this sense . 
  jetzt k\u00f6nnen sie sagen `` the light is on ; it has been turned on '' ( passiv ) oder `` the light is on , someone has turned it on '' ( aktiv ) . 
  jetzt sagt man : `` a car has broken down '' . 
  the likelihood of someone learning a language in 1 year to a native level while still a child is so unlikely as to suggest delusion . 
  what 's more likely that after 1 or 2 years you were `` fluent '' in the sense of fluidly conversational but not proficient . 
  then with many years of practice your proficiency increased . 
  as for the claim about being mistake for british , that 's an equally if not more improbable claim . 
  i do n't think ever met someone who managed to achieve that level of native-like conversation without complete cultural immersion for an extended period of time . 
  our accents are essentially hard coded into our brains as children , and new accents can be learn it takes a lot of work to rewire them and allow us to speak in a way that matches a different pattern . 
  even more so when it 's a foreign language that is likely to be phonetically more distinct from what our brains learnt as children . 
  when you manage to take a regional dialect in your own language it 's a remarkable achievement to do it convincingly , and when you do that you have far better points of reference for the sounds you 're using because you they 're both more similar to your own and because you have been exposed to them numerous times during your life . 
  it takes even the most gifted phonologists a lot of time and effort to sound convincingly native in a language . 
  i 'm not saying what you 're saying is wrong . 
  i 'm saying it 's unlikely , so i would either conclude that you 're exaggerating your proficiency , or you attended an international school or something . 
  / r/judgemyaccent, 
  if you 're feeling up to it . 
  you sound noticeably eastern european . 
  sorry i ca n't really help you because i 'm not a native speaker myself . 
  newcastle is famous for it 's hilarious and nice sounding accent , poverty , being the most northern place in the north , girls with fake tan getting shamelessly drunk in public , not wearing jackets when drinking in winter . 
  dubious celebrities like ant and dec. 
  it 's almost like an extreme parody of northern culture . 
  coventry is known for being completely unremarkable , having generally disliked accent ( although most wo n't distinguish from birmingham ) , getting bombed by the nazis , and having a naked woman ride through it hundreds of years ago . 
  also the expression `` sent to coventry '' means to be excluded as historically the royalist troops in the civil war were sent there . 
  i remember when they first started making large television programmes give out web addresses in the 90s and all the television presenters would scoff and make a `` can you believe what they 've got us doing now ? '', 
  face . 
  it was super cringey as many people thought it was just some doomed fad that everyone would be laughing about in a few years time . 
  some people i know remained suspicious well into the 00s . 
  that 's bullshit and you know it . 
  if you actually understood ttip you 'd understand that that is highly misleading . 
  there is absolutely nothing in ttip that would 've required the eu and the us to have regulatory equivalency . 
  the mechanism to sue would 've given eu companies in the us , and us companies in the eu grounds to sue if they could establish that countries were implementing regulation that unfairly benefited local business . 
  however , that means ** the same products and service ** . 
  it does not mean that the us could sue eu countries for not letting them sell low quality meat for example . 
  what it would 've meant is that it would 've stopped italians giving local restaurants tax breaks to secure votes if local businesses are failing to compete against international companies . 
  it was pure populist propaganda that convinced everyone it would mean us companies could sue countries for having higher safety or quality standards . 
  it ultimately would 've made the eu much more attractive in terms of investment , especially the mediterranean where many invests fear to tread due to the assumption that they 're not going to play fair and regulate to ensure any foreign business that starts doing well has to pour it all into the coffers of the corrupt government at some point despite the fact that the only reason they could make that profit in the first place was due to the previous regulatory conditions . 
  the provisions were to stop protectionist policy not enforce regulatory equivalency . 
  your whole argument is premised on the idea that the whole thing was corrupt , and populists bought it left , right , and centre . 
  thank you for speaking the truth . 
  the anti-ttip lot are populists no different from the brexiteers , and trump supporters . 
  we need economics as a mandatory subject in every school yesterday to be honest . 
  i do n't think you know what the word means . 
  free trade ! = regulatory equivalency . 
  ttip was against protectionism , not regulatory inequality . 
  the idea that us companies could sue eu governments for enacting higher standards was a ridiculous fantasy . 
  the fantasy that ttip would 've meant ceding all power to us corporations and lobbies is too irresistible for many people to bear , even some of them otherwise relatively politically aware . 
  in the minds of the distrustful every agreement must be some kind of conspiracy to ensure a race to the bottom . 
  those evil corporations just want us to eat their shitty gm food right ? 
  and we all know gm = evil . 
  what i find ironic is that many of these people are vehemently pro eu who were the people mostly supporting ttip in the first place . 
  yeah your accent is quite good . 
  could pass for british for a while but i think sustained speech might give you away due to minor irregularities in pitch in rhythm . 
  that said , i still think that this is a level you reached over many years and not between the ages of 11 and 12 . 
  do you work in journalism ? 
  well something to note of importance is that we already have such regulation working within the eu to ensure quality of access for eu companies , and the italians have been under scrutiny for it a number of times . 
  i wo n't deny that there those things are n't connected , but the attitude of `` oh well there 's a danger let 's impede the agreement and make it unsignable because we do n't trust the americans '' is really foolish . 
  the whole point is to progress , and now instead of working on developing global trade we do n't have an agreement at all . 
  such a typical modern attitude `` omg this is hard '' let 's not do it . 
  it 's ok , you just sound like someone i know who works in journalism . 
  well done on getting so good at english by that age btw . 
  sadly he 's not famous like that haha . 
  also dutch who taught himself to speak british . 
  i did n't think that . 
  however , someone who got to your level in 1 year would be very abnormal , it goes against normal trends in language acquisition . 
  but i think you have to realise that you probably have continued to improve over the last 5 years . 
  only a small percent of people manage to get a good accent without being the country so well done you have definitely done well . 
  i 'm willing to accept the agreement hard questionable elements , but to most of the people i knew who were against it were n't doing for sensible reasons . 
  many were vehemently pro-eu , but also completely sure that the eu would be the us 's bitch when it came to interpreting the agreement . 
  the eu would have had a strong hand in it . 
  if the eu were the source of all our consumer protection then why would they suddenly become corrupted by the trade agreement with the us . 
  it were almost as if the moment people heard about a supranational court they hysterically assumed that the eu was handing over sovereignty to the us and that we 'd be forced to eat chlorinated chicken regardless of whether we wanted to or not . 
  it was imo hysterical . 
  worst still , it was populism , a different kind of populism from the typical right wing stuff of late , but populism non the less , and a success for anti-globalists and protectionists . 
  the reality is that in the big protest there were n't people shouting about amendments that were exploitable or the technicalities of the agreement with the aim of making it fair . 
  there were people shouting anti-capitalist slogans , anti-americanism , and people shouting about local jobs for local farmers and other such stuff . 
  the premise was that free trade is inherently bad , which objectively is n't true . 
  now because of the extreme populist reaction any deal is going to be soured by the consumption it 's some kind of conspiracy theory to steal the eu 's regulatory control . 
  no , that 's not at all how it works . 
  that 's a lie you 've been fed like so many other suckers . 
  the only serious argument from the anti-side was that that the agreement could leveraged to erode regulatory standards because they assumed the absolute worst when it came to the interpretation of the agreement , and also because they made a slippery slope argument on the basis that once the agreement was made powers could be widened . 
  in reality , this is mostly a paranoid populist fantasy . 
  provided citizens of the eu continue to care about regulatory standards they will remain high , because that how politics fucking works ... 
  the point is that there 's not a single part of the agreement that openly states that the intention of the agreement is to ensure regulatory equivalency . 
  the agreement 's official purpose was to ensure that countries did n't unfairly discriminate against each other when it came to market competition . 
  there is no part that officially gives companies the power to sue just because the eu has higher regulatory standards .
