  for example , teachers being asked to fake awful pseudo american accents while teaching . 
  in countries like china with dialects that are so different they 're less than 50 % mutually intelligible , there are often misconceptions about how different different versions of english are from one another , and people with only a limited grasp of english are liable to project these differences onto the teachers . 
  there 's also the lazy student factor , some students would rather blame their lack of success on the teacher 's accent rather than accept it 's their own fault . 
  i 've certainly run into students ( not in asia ) who do this , perhaps they watch a particularly american tv programme frequently and get more adept at understanding their way of speaking , which in turn lures them into a false sense of confidence . 
  this is , of course , shattered when they 're exposed to english outside their narrow interest , but rather than acknowledge that their english is n't as good as they think ( understanding multiple accents clearly being a part of learning any language ) , they 'd rather blame their teacher/school . 
  now in most of the world a student or students came to the administration and claimed that they were n't being taught properly due to their teacher 's accent would be laughed out of the office , as they 'd clearly be fully aware of how that person spoke . 
  however , in asia often it 's the case that there 's simply nobody capable of making that judgement , and so they rely on student feedback which is usually worthless . 
  then again , this most likely is n't the norm , and these stories come from a minority of incompetently run schools , as you 'll find almost anywhere . 
  honestly it 's not going to make a jot of difference to your employment prospects in any real sense . 
  first off nobody knows what the brexit vote means , it 's not even 100 % happening yet , although it does likely that something will have to result from it . 
  whatever that something may be , nobody knows what it will mean for the employment eligibility of british nationals in europe . 
  the uk could say in the single market and retain freedom of movement within the eea . 
  or it could leave the single market but still maintain some kind of agreement about people sharing with the eu out of necessity due to the number of eu citizens residing in the uk . 
  so for there to be any effect whatsoever there would be a very harsh brexit with all special rights of reside and work in europe lost to britons . 
  even then , you 've already got a bunch of british teachers living in much of europe who are already eligible for permanent residency or citizenship . 
  in addition to this you 've got plenty who would be able to transfer over to a working visa due to being employed and earning . 
  do n't forget ireland too , who will continue to have access to the whole eu for certain . 
  so even if brexit does turn off the tap of new brits moving to europe and working as english teachers ( and that 's not guaranteed ) it 's still going to take years for that to affect the labour market . 
  even then , remember all that this would do is put brits and americans on an even keel when it came immigration . 
  britain being far far closer to the european mainland and thus much easier to travel to and from would no doubt still dominate applications . 
  so yeah , i would n't get your hopes up , there 's hardly going to be a sudden shortage of english teachers in europe that would warrant companies sponsoring significantly more americans to come over . 
  however , if you want to work in europe , why do n't you just do it ? 
  no point hoping for something that will almost certainly not come , there are plenty of americans working as english teachers in europe so just make it happen . 
  online courses are just a way to scam you out of money . 
  any course without a practical teaching component is of no more value than reading a book like scrivener , and that wo n't cost you a bunch of money . 
  the market for english speakers in germany is mainly freelance . 
  it can be lucrative for those lucky enough to form solid relationships with schools and companies . 
  some people earn $ 30 + per 45 minute lesson , although a starter basic job might only offer $ 17 , but it can only work if you 're teaching 30 + lessons a week ( $ 2000 + a month to have the same qualify of life as someone earning 2/3 of that with a salary ) really because all all the pension and insurance costs . 
  very possible to end up earning money as a freelance teacher only to realise you have n't made any real money because you 'll need to pay it all on your rent , insurance , and pension . 
  of course you can , it just costs more . 
  you 'll find it 's the same in a lot of countries . 
  the price you get at the station on the day is n't the price you 'd get if you booked in advance . 
  no he could n't have done . 
  wow they 're a good 5 years into their sentences now , i wonder if they regret it . 
  alternatively, 
  `` i was really rich , the boss of my own large company , probably had an incredibly hot wife and spent my life taking expensive vacations and seeing the world . '', 
  i 'd vote him reluctantly , simply because i think he ca n't fuck up any more than brexit . 
  do n't think he can go invading the middle east again . 
  i 'd support him just to put pressure on both the government and labour to pay attention to the centrist position , because i do n't really think he could ever get back into power . 
  still i feel kind of bad that we 're in such dire straits that we 're looking to blair to get us out of this mess . 
  jesus it 's going to take until 2033 ? 
  can we all just forget it about it i do n't think i can live hearing about hs2 for the next 17 years ... 
  oxford is a lot further than 25 miles . 
  yep , he 's a dick , but he 's now a dick who will be president of the us , it 's common courtesy , no unnecessarily harming relations . 
  the socratic method is a method of education through questioning . 
  louis ' interview style is not the same thing . 
  big cities are kept to a higher standard to maintain the illusion of prosperity i believe . 
  it 's dialectical . 
  some parts of the uk , particularly london dialect , often replaces were with was in all cases . 
  both for conditionals and desires e.g `` if i was taller '' / `` i wish i was taller '' , and in regular indicative statements e.g `` they was running around '' . 
  ironically , in another part of the uk , in parts of the north of england , they do the opposite , and replace `` was '' with `` were '' in every case e.g `` he were walking down the street '' . 
  he does n't sound strongly midland to me . 
  `` we was expecting '' sounds very se estuary english imo . 
  mixed accent maybe ? 
  no really sure . 
  given everyone has an accent i think it 's quite easy be sure of that . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 'd be arrested for handling stolen property instead . 
  ah yes , the american arrogance about the english language is quite adorable in a desperate , grasping at straws kind of way . 
  bizarrely some kind of collective sense of insecurity has led america to standardise its way of speaking and attempt to socially cleanse itself of dialects , consequently removing all charm and poetry from their fashion of speaking and encouraging everyone to speak in that bland slightly nasal american accent your newsreaders have . 
  just look at how the traditional dialects of the historic east coast cities are becoming less common amongst the younger generation for proof of this . 
  typically , this belief that american english is synonymous with `` correct english '' is espoused by those to find it hard to put a decent sentence together themselves . 
  as we can see here with `` yes i really do think . '' . 
  perhaps you should consider the possibility that many british people are happy to speak their historic local dialects because they really do feel like it 's their own language to speak however they want , whereas the the us has a legacy of schoolmarms prescriptively telling children the `` correct '' way to talk for fear of their colony descending into savagery . 
  yeah east midlands would make sense . 
  you guys often sound like you 're stuck somewhere between brummie and mockney xd, 
  french - faire , english - fare , all etymological cognates i believe, 
  wonder can mean something close to miracle in english to be fair e.g 7 wonders of the world . 
  lol if the person examining you in german did n't know the whole english gift vs german gift thing then they have no place examining anyone . 
  lol you germans and your german words for stuff . 
  ich will einen spielrechner xd you should probably just give up and accept you ca n't avoid english words . 
  what 's ironic is that if you read older german writing there 's way more romantic words anyway , but i believe many got purged in the early 20th century for obvious reasons . 
  also can often just be translated as `` so '' in my experience . 
  pregnant was used similarly in middle english i believe . 
  sympathisch seems to have drifted away from sympathetic in meaning too , germans often using it just to mean nice , when in english it 's used more strictly to mean feeling sorry for someone and being nice to them about it . 
  the original meaning of the word both `` actually '' and `` aktuell '' are derived from is actually more like active , so both meanings have drifted . 
  lol , did you not notice the negro 2000 :d, 
  faire is the french for do , but apparently it has a different root . 
  english fare and german fahren are cognates though . 
  both meaning roughly `` go '' . 
  celta / trinity is really important in some countries unless you 're lucky enough to already have decent experience with a reputable school . 
  in much of europe it opens a lot of doors . 
  i do n't know what you mean by `` meme certificate '' , the certificate it pretty useful and reputable . 
  sure it 's dogmatic but what are you going to do with what is meant to be an entry level vocational tefl qualification designed to get people into work as expediently as possible . 
   it 's almost guaranteed that uk citizens will not retain their preferential hiring status in the eu after everything settles . 
  you are talking out your arse there i 'm afraid . 
  first off , uk is n't in the schengen and never has been , schengen is to do with border movement and not with employment rights . 
  few things :, 
  brexit has n't begun yet, 
  brexit is n't 100 % guaranteed to happen yet, 
  brexit begins when article 50 is triggered , the government currently claims it will be triggered in march 2017 , but it could be delayed ( currently it 's being challenged by both the judiciary and by some mps , not to mention the court of public opinion ), 
  after brexit triggered there will be minimum 2 years before any changes actually come into affect , and this period could be extended if both the eu and britain agreed to it . 
  even after it 's triggered it could also be unilaterally withdrawn . 
  britain might still brexit but stay in the single market , thus retaining freedom of movement, 
  even if britain leaves the single market , there might be immigration agreements between the eu and uk , as there 's already a lot of eu citizens living in britain and britons living in the eu , and neither side particularly benefits from obstructing the freedom of labour . 
  you might see something like a reciprocal agreement that eu citizens can reside in the eu , and vice versa , provided they 're employed . 
  so basically , a fuck load of shit would need to happen before brexit put britons on an even keel with yanks when it came to finding work in europe . 
  it would literally have to be the fullest and hardest brexit going , and there 's a lot of political opposition to it . 
  if it did happen it will still take some years before it really started impacting the job market to the point of it being noticeable . 
  edit : jesus why are people upvoting you and downvoting me . 
  does this sub consist solely of delusional american university students who want a working holiday ?
