  even things as simple as posters stating how much sick days cost the company a year and discouraging unionism are part of a complex attempt to maximise productivity through no financial means . 
  the systems of management are complex in a practical way that is not defined in textbooks . 
  as for business schools , my argument was n't against the concept of business , but the incredibly reductive idea that you can `` teach business '' . 
  there are still jobs in those countries . 
  if you 're expecting to fly out with a contract already signed and be facilitated in your coming to the country by parties interested in you for your native speaking skills you 'll be severely disappointed . 
  kids still need to be taught , middle aged and retired people still attend classes to brush up their english skills , people still want to be led in conversation classes to they have the opportunity to use english for an extended period of time and practise those rusty skills . 
  it 's actually just generic all purpose cleaner . 
  the only difference is that it 's more concentrated than what you buy in the supermarket . 
  when they demo it they tend to use a high concentrate . 
  i have no problem with this at all . 
  i was n't suggesting that , but be aware that actual product is n't much different from what you get the supermarket . 
  it 's a marketing scheme not a product that is so good or so unique that it can be sold on its own merits . 
  that guy is probably paying only a couple of dollars a bottle . 
  the company that runs the scheme is probably paying less than a dollar . 
  the factory in china that turns out the stuff is probably only paying a few cents . 
  the whole thing relies on face to face selling and the social pressure to buy something as well as the charitable nature of people trying to help out someone with a crappy job who 's trying to make the best of it . 
  war das deutsch ? 
  i guess there will also be free money for everyone at every cash machine and also gold paving on the streets . 
  hand over complete control to a regressive tory leadership and you 'll be seeing workers ' rights being stripped back and deregulation on a large scale . 
  well you ai n't no friend of mine . 
   [ inaudible ], 
  he clearly said `` when were kids until now '' . 
  technically in the uk professor is n't an official title . 
  there are no real criteria for it , typically it 's just used as a nicety when referring to senior faculty members . 
  it 's not typically `` awarded '' , or at least it does n't have to be , it 's just used to refer to some people . 
  i guess my point is that if it is awarded then it 's a matter of institutional practice , and not a name defined by legal criteria . 
  a large number of doctorate holding university teaching staff prefer the term lecturer anyway . 
  doctor is n't really used as a term for most staff asides those in the medical school lest it starts to get confusing . 
  different countries do it differently though . 
  in italy every teacher is professori regardless of whether they teach 11 years olds or advanced mathematics to post-grads . 
  in germany professor can be used about any teaching staff in the tertiary education sector and is sometimes used about teaching staff that do n't even hold doctorates , while the official `` herr doktor '' is used to refer only to those who hold a phd . 
  in the us you have the tenure system which adds another layer of complication . 
  not legally official though , is basically what i 'm saying . 
  as you say , it 's at the institution 's discretion . 
  i 'm not saying that business school is n't a valuable place , and i 'm not in the us , but business schools do pick up these `` business '' obsessed kids who are actually pretty naive about the world and seem to see the process of business as without underlying content , for example , they will practise negotiation skills without really caring about what they 're actually negotiating , they will practise procurement without really learning about things they might want to procure after they leave , they learn sales and marketing skills without specialising in an industry in which they might want to sell and market things . 
  it 's a product of coming to a business school before actually entering the work place , as well as educational industry that wants to sell a business product generic enough to cover the largest possible market . 
  sure , business schools teach important numerical skills , as well as familiarise students with some legal background that governs business . 
  they can also practise soft skills and learn about the academic study of management , sales , logistics etc. 
  i was n't saying it 's worthless , but i think it 's fair to say that there are many naive students , and a growing focus on a generic business themed educational product . 
  not really , a phd is a cross-institutionally recognised legally defined thing . 
  if you claim to have a phd when you do n't then you can get into a lot of trouble if you actually use it in any sense . 
  anyone can call themselves professor though , it might not be true , but it 's not considered a lie until they claim to be a professor of so and so university . 
  i 'm not caught up on it . 
  i merely wanted to point out the historical difference between the two words . 
  many people naively think professor is a well defined concept when reality it 's just an honorific awarded by institutions often with very different criteria . 
  in other countries there are completely different criteria again . 
  everyone can agree on what a phd is ( although the matter of which institutions are recognised is another layer of complexity again ) , but there is nothing like a universally understood definition of professor . 
  hoburn , warwick , gloucester , loughborough , brougham, 
   as for workers rights , we can determine what happens there . 
  not the eu . 
  no , a right wing tory majority with no real opposition and a carte blanche to do what they like will decide instead of the eu ... 
  i call that a step down and not a step up . 
  not internationally , although awarded `` professorships '' are , however the term professor is widely in use across the world in different contexts , and that 's what we 're discussing . 
  depends on the country . 
  it 's completely different from place to place . 
  some countries discretely leave the money with the receipt once they 've paid the bill . 
  in other countries saying exactly what you want to tip is totally normal . 
  treating `` abroad '' as homogeneous is dumb , no matter what your country is there are more people and more cultural diversity outside of it than within it . 
  at the time this was the equivalent of 50k usd , also it 's in wales one of the cheapest and poorest parts of the uk where the cost of living is comparatively lower but so are the salaries . 
  that said , chefs do n't earn that much in the grand scheme of things . 
  i 'm sure even in london a lot of chefs in michelin starred restaurants are only on 35-45k . 
  that 's the problem with jobs that have an exciting image or are unique and different , there 's a hell of a lot of chefs willing to take very modest salaries for a chance of get to the top of the pile but there are far more people scrambling for a position at the top than there are positions . 
  they do go on a bit . 
  quite a lot of german philosophy has a fanatical quasi-religious ego maniac tone . 
  you really have to unquestioningly take on a lot of crap before you can even follow their line of thought and even get to a point where it 's possible to make any criticism . 
  anglo philosophy on the other hand is nice and logical . 
  i know it 's a joke but weird hygiene superstitions really are big in asia . 
  ah yes , because your one off anecdotal experience definitely proves the rule . 
  most people in the west drink tap water all the time and never get sick . 
  america only really jumped onto the greatest country in the world nonsense in the post war era when the next largest economic powers , britain and germany , were in the shit and the us was reaping good returns on investing in their reconstruction . 
  this made the us disproportionately wealthy because now was it not only the biggest developed nation , but also the only one that had n't been disrupted by war . 
  this also happened to coincide with the cold war which meant patriot fervour was at an all time high . 
  lots of this excess wealth generated by investing in europe in a time of crisis was funnelled into the military fyi . 
  many americans with only a layman 's understanding of history overestimate the us 's historical importance prior to the 20th century . 
  while it was a very large economy prior to this , due to population and natural wealth , and also a very important trading nation , it was highly decentralised with a very thinly spread population for the most , meaning it was n't a centre of interesting events . 
  bit cringey at times , i can assure you that almost nobody gives a shit about super bowl in the uk . 
  i think corbyn has shown he 's exactly like may . 
  may is willing to rebuild our entire economy , take the uk in a decade of hardship , and disbalance a peaceful european power structure all because not to do so would lose the tories some points with the public . 
  also because she so desperately wants a return to british people coming first , and migrants being under the thumb of the home office . 
  corbyn is happy to sit back and do nothing in the hopes of giving the tories enough rope to hang themselves leading to a labour resurgence . 
  he also also knows that his naive dream of a return to the old left can only happen if he 's given the keys to a failing non-eu britain . 
  both are unrealistic out of date deluded regressive cunts . 
  both are putting their party before the actual welfare of the nation , and both care more about seeing their agendas put into law than what the general consensus says will benefit britain . 
  corbyn could have stopped brexit , but it would 've lost him some of his labour base , so he did n't . 
  may could 've stopped hard brexit right at the start , gone the eu and said we do n't want his how do we placate the populists while keeping business and usual , and they would 've have given her enough concessions to save face , but she did n't because it would 've lost her some hard right tories . 
  corbyn could have strongly opposed hard brexit , but he did n't even bother , because he 'd lose some populist left supporters and also because if he 's succeeded in pressuring the government into keeping the uk in the single market then , as he well knows , there would n't be enough transitory chaos that might threaten tory majority . 
  in fact , a disastrous tory brexit is in his interest . 
  actually it 's vastly more complex than that . 
  it 's not the job of the leader to do what the public says unquestioningly ( not to mention that the british people never voted for the hardest brexit imaginable , and not to mention that fact that a slight majority for leave is in no sense a mandate for any kind of extreme position , but we wo n't go around applying logic to statements like `` leave the eu '' or consider how less than 50 % of the country can decide something for the entirely of it , that would be too complicated and elitist ) . 
  leaders who make good decisions actually gain support even from people who did n't want those decisions to be made . 
  leaders who mindlessly implement the will of the people at the expense of the country soon become hated and are seen as `` poor leaders '' by the public who voted them in . 
  it it were as simple as implement the will of the majority then we would n't need leaders in the first fucking place . 
  their only real job is to get and keep their party in power ( that 's why they 're given the leadership ) . 
  stop being such a stupid reductivist idiot and get real . 
  you 're the only clueless one here . 
  edit : i misunderstood . 
  this clich\u00e9 is overplayed due to envy and a sense of resentment people have towards `` undeserving '' lottery winners , as if people whose grandparents happened to own oil fields were more deserving . 
  it 's the dark side of human nature that makes people want to believe these people who be in the gutter at some point down the line . 
  in reality most lottery winners are just regular people , they are n't as prudent as a financial investor , nor do they `` go broke '' within their life times after acquiring a considerable sum of money . 
  most splurge a bit too much at the start , but also lock up enough wealth in assets to mean they wo n't ever have to suffer the rest of their lives and have a sizable amount of investment to see them through their retirement .
