  however for british people and americans , sorry is usually an exception to this rule . 
  all forms of english accent pronounce the r in the second syllable of the word sorry . 
  english people at least tend to say something like so - ree pronouncing the o like how brits say it in the word pot . 
  americans tend to say it like like sah - ree pronouncing it how americans pronounce the o in the word pot . 
  however canadians say sore - ree , pronouncing the sor part just like a british person would pronounce sore however also using the - r sound an american would use in the word sore . 
  this is what she was doing , pronouncing sorry like sor - ree , which is a distinctly canadian accent feature . 
  this is kind of hard to explain in text without using phonetics . 
  it 's british it 's like / 's \u0252.ri / american it 's like / 's \u0251\u02d0.ri / when in canadian it 's like / 's \u0254\u02d0r.ri /, 
  what i also meant to say was that british people do n't pronounce the - r when it is n't followed by a vowel , so in a word like karen it is pronounced but in a word like car it is not . 
  it is pronounced in the middle of the word but only when there is a vowel for it to be followed with , so it would n't be in a word like carpet , that would be pronounced solely with vowel to sound like cahpet . 
  however this actually is n't relevant here because the - r in sorry is followed by a vowel . 
  tl ; dr what i said was wrong , do n't know why they upvoted it , they probably knew what i was getting at and did n't check what exactly i 'd written . 
  us gdp vs eu gdp is a completely useless figure because it does n't count for population . 
  if you ignore per capita statistics you 're no better than the american nationalist saying `` hurr durr us has more murders because it got more people per capita '' . 
  the us is unquestionably richer in gdp per capita than western europe . 
  when we look at nominal gdp per capita the us is richer than all but luxembourg , switzerland and norway . 
  however this is just taking how much money the people in the country have collectively and dividing it by the number of people . 
  it does n't account for what it costs to live in the country . 
  that 's why you look at the ppp adjusted figure when you want to know how materially wealthy the people in the country are . 
  however this only helps america and makes it appear even richer when compared to europe , and it 's still only beaten by luxembourg , switzerland and norway ( within europe ) . 
  this however does n't account for the distribution of wealth , it could just be millionaires skewing the figures , so that 's why you look at the ppp adjusted median income per capita . 
  that will ultimately tell you what the average person in each country earns adjusted by how much it costs to live there on average . 
  sadly america still comes out quite high on this list , and is still beaten only by luxembourg , norway , and switzerland ( within europe ) . 
  technically the only western europeans countries where you can buy more stuff as the average person is these three . 
  that means the average american has more buying power than the average person in all the other western european countries . 
  obviously different products and types of thing cost more or less depending on which country you 're in , but when you look across the average of all the different things you can buy , americans on average can buy more . 
  it is undeniable that americans are richer on the whole than western europeans . 
  however one thing that 's not account for here is the amount of time americans work . 
  the average american might be getting more wealth , both in terms of how much money he/she has and being able to buy more shit with their money than most europeans , however if the european is working 40 hours for their money and the american is working 60 hours then it could be that the average american is richer because he spends more of his life working than the european does . 
  another thing that is n't account for is extreme poverty . 
  the average american might be richer , but there could be a minority of americans living in extreme poverty , while in europe the average person is n't as wealthy but there might be far fewer people living in inhumane extreme poverty , and research finds that this is the case . 
  finally , quality of life is not accounted for , the average american might be richer than the average dane but the average dane might live longer , be less likely to die of illness , have more time for recreation , report greater happiness , have better educational opportunities , and again this is actually the case . 
  ultimately you have to step back and start examining what exactly `` rich '' means . 
  if we used a different metric , for example average quality of life divided by average % life spent working we might find that most europeans are richer than americans , that they benefit more literally for less time spent actually working , but this it the nature of more socialist influenced economy . 
  another consequence of it is that because labour is more expensive in these economies you often get less goods and services for your money , which is why the ppp adjusted figure is even more favourable in the us . 
  nonetheless , it 's stupid to say that europe is `` pretty poor '' in comparison to america , the average difference varies between anything between 10 - 30 % depending on the metric you use . 
  also europeans are benefiting from other things like the security of knowing they have free healthcare , workers rights , support if they become unemployed , less crime and extreme poverty , and perhaps having those things is worth the trade off of being able to buy fewer televisions and cars with your wages . 
  yeah , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  it all depends on what you mean by `` pronounce the - r '' . 
  british people pronounce the - r in one sense , because a word like pot and a word like port sound different . 
  the presence of the - r does change the way the word sounds . 
  however to someone who is used to an - r making a specific sound like it does at the beginning of the word `` rat '' rather than just changing the quality of the vowel , for them this change wo n't classify as a real - r , so they 'll say that the - r is not pronounced . 
  both americans and british people tend to ignore the - r when it comes to first vowel sound . 
  they so - ree and sah - ree , while canadian is more like sawr - ree . 
  neither of them pronounce the word like they would sore - ree , but canadians do . 
  just something to note , and i 'm not at all trying to be a dick by saying this , but `` whos father has been having a job in england '' should be '' ~ ~ who 's ~ ~ whose father has had a job in england '' . 
  remember the difference between stative and dynamic verbs back in english class ? 
  `` to have '' can be both stative and dynamic depending on how it 's used . 
  i 'm having fun = dynamic , i have a job = stative , because in this case `` have '' corresponds to being in the state of possession . 
  also `` can you suggest me '' should be `` can you suggest to me '' . 
  `` can you suggest me '' makes it sound like the `` me '' is the direct object i.e the thing that is being suggested , as in `` i want to do the job , can you suggest me to your boss ? '' . 
  you should n't have any trouble with grammar , you 're hungarian , officially the most complicated language in europe !, 
  edit : who 's  whose, 
  no problem . 
  i know what it 's like when you 're trying to perfect your ability with a foreign language , often people wo n't correct you because they understand what you mean anyway and do n't want to seem like they 're insulting your intelligence . 
  however , that is n't actually conducive to improving your abilities . 
  remember , stative verbs almost never take the - ing forms !, 
  if you look , only a really small number of countries would be able to dig directly through the earth straight down and end up in another country rather than in the sea :(, 
  that 's the difference between a smelly colonial back `` yard '' and a proper european back `` garden '' ... 
  what a nice garden . 
   `` has been having a job in england '' is a bit awkward , but is not completely wrong . 
  actually it is completely wrong if we 're talking standard english here . 
  the rule in english is that stative verbs can not usually take - ing endings ( the exception being some gerunds ) . 
  saying `` i 've been having a car for five years '' is actually completely wrong , while `` i 've been driving a car for five years '' is not . 
  `` i 've been loving it since i was kid '' = wrong ( mcdonalds adverts excluded ) , `` i 've loved it since i was a kid '' = correct . 
  as for who 's and whose , well that 's just something he wrote that i missed , i absent mindedly put the apostrophe in without actually thinking about what he was saying , so it was n't really my mistake , just a mistake i missed . 
   `` can you suggest me '' is perfectly fine in some dialects of english, 
  virtually anything can be justified in some english dialect , and there 's nothing wrong with english speakers speaking with english dialects , but foreigners need to learn standard english before they start messing with it appropriately . 
  you have to know the rules before you learn to break them correctly . 
  also , i 'd like to know which english dialect has `` suggest me '' , i 've never heard it with that verb in my life and i know a lot about dialects . 
   and just to be pedantic, 
  yes , now you 're just being pedantic . 
  also i think you 're treating me a bit like i was pointing out a grammar error to another english native speaker , which is usually just a chance to show off how much smarter you think you are . 
  i 'm not . 
  i 'm not even saying my grammar is perfect , i make mistakes all the time and i 'm a native speaker . 
  i was just trying to help him and out , and not having perfect grammar all the time yourself is not a requirement of that . 
   you should really make sure your own post is error-free when trying to correct others . 
  is entirely untrue when you 're helping out someone who 's not native themselves . 
  an advanced but imperfect english speaker can help out a beginner , despite the fact that their english is not entirely correct . 
  this kind of attitude assumes that you 're being a dick by correcting them , the `` let he who is without sin cast the first stone '' attitude to grammar correction , which i was n't . 
  i would know you were n't a native speaker but i would have a hard time placing it . 
  my gut says that you might be from somewhere in the arab world , but i ca n't really say why i think that , maybe because i 've met many speakers from that region that sound strongly american like you do . 
  things that give you away through are : a couple of mispronounced words , `` feedback '' for example , you use the incorrect stress pattern . 
  you say `` feed - back '' with 2nd syllable stress but you should say `` feed - back '' with 1st syllable stress . 
  also you mispronounce multiplayer , and it sounds like multipluyer , the diphthong - ay is really lost when you say this word . 
  also i think you 'll find you 'll stand out as non-native because you simply do n't have an native accent . 
  how you speak is n't incorrect most of the time , but you do n't have a way of speaking that conforms to any existing accents . 
  when people ca n't place your accent then they 'll assume you 're foreign , even if they ca n't tell where you 're from . 
  i feel like eu immigration has been used as vehicle in the uk to rally against all immigration . 
  it honestly makes no sense whatsoever . 
  generally eu immigration to the uk benefits the uk economy , unlike most immigrants from outside the eu , and the people that come over here integrate well , also unlike most immigrants from outside the eu . 
  there are no polish ghettos , eastern europeans are not associated with crime or poverty , therefore why is the uk so anti ? 
  well sadly i think it 's got something to do with racism . 
  what people really want to attack is the immigration of muslims to the uk . 
  however if they do that they can be labelled racist , it 's much easier to attack the eu freedom of movement policy , eu immigrants lacking a singular voice to fight back , and also not coming from extremely impoverished backgrounds means their cause is n't so readily championed by the left wingers who see themselves as fighting on behalf of the downtrodden . 
  eu immigration is the easy scapegoat that can be attacked . 
  it also can draw on the sense of xenophobic feeling many right wing brits feel towards mainland europe . 
  in a sense , the refugee and muslim populations are too protected by being ethnic and religious minorities fleeing the third world . 
  the eu migrants are the easy target that bigots can bitch about without seeming racist . 
  edit : i 'll also add that it 's an expression of general anti-eu sentiment too .
