   you could also hardly keep the peace during thanksgiving dinner : john has mac and cheese as a side and sweet potato , but john always makes pumpkin pie and sweet potato casserole with marshmallows . 
  john could n't imagine not having oysters in the turkey stuffing , it would n't be thanksgiving without them !, 
  can you imagine the lot of them at one table ? 
   and their political views ? 
  do n't get them started !, 
  john thinks the supreme court has been way too liberal with its interpretation of the 2nd amendment , while john disagrees - he 's been brought up to respect that constitution , although he 's never actually read it . 
  good thing that john would be there to keep the peace , by steering the conversation to the fact that america is the greatest nation on earth !, 
  on the other hand , juan from catalonia and jan from sweden are like two peas in a pod !, 
  even though they both work in retail , at totally different hours ( jan from 7 til 3pm , juan from 9 til 12 and then 2 to 6 ) , you could mistake them for twins . 
  juan 's whitewashed stone childhood home is hardly discernible from jan 's red-slatted farmhouse . 
  sure , they 've never watched the same tv shows ( other than friends !, 
  ) , read the same books ( not even the bible - jan 's one of the 45 % of swedes who do n't believe ) , but they 're culturally almost identical , what with their love of seafood ( although jan does prefer his herring pickled !, 
  ) , british pop and soccer ( oops , football ! ) . 
   both guys celebrate christmas - even though one 's a non-believer , it 's still a cultural event . 
  it does n't matter that juan 's big celebration is during epiphany , two weeks after christmas even , and jan 's on the 25th , or that juan would never eat meat on christmas eve , while jan ca n't imagine not having a ham that day . 
   politically , these guys are pretty much carbon copies . 
  they both believe is a social safety net . 
  the differences are so minute as to almost not be there : juan grew up in a pro-terra lliure household , and while he disagrees with their violence , he is a firm believer in catalonian independence . 
  he 's also a member of a few local cannabis clubs , a way for spaniards to have access to marijuana quasi-legally . 
  jan 's a pacifist who believes in a strong cohesive nation and absolutely abhors drugs of any kind , but he does support a small , radical environmental movement ... strictly in private , though . 
   still , these are just tiny differences , like how they could n't be able to communicate if they ever met up - juan 's fluent in spanish , italian and french , but his english is very basic while jan never bothered with more than english and swedish ( although he can understand danish and norwegian ) . 
  or how they earn money in different currencies . 
  or how jan could n't find any of his favorite food in barcelona , until he went to the specialist foreign food store . 
  these guys are pretty much the same person , culturally . 
  god all this does is remind me that george lucas really did set out to destroy his franchise . 
  i 've actually fallen asleep trying to watch episode 2 . 
  i remember watching 4-6 as a kid and there was something so special about them . 
  now i ca n't even watch them without seeing random superimposed additional ghosts that look totally out of place :(, 
  not quite sure that 's true . 
  the government did n't want to give women the vote for example , given that there was exactly 0 women in government at the time , , but they bent to public pressure in the end . 
  it is true though that elected officials can enact laws they want even if the public do n't want them , they just have to be careful on issues that the public actually care so strongly about it could hurt their re-election potential . 
  why can we never have a gradeaundera video without redditors complaining about his voice . 
  every time a video from a us news network is posted and they have that weird nasally broadcaster voice i want to scratch out my ear drums but you wo n't see me shit posting about it . 
  people keep saying this ? 
  my point was n't that a war would solve all our problems forever , my point was that while there is a bigger problem smaller complaints get put aside . 
  it 's not a permanent solution unless we 're in a constant state of war , which with a gigantic galaxy to conquer could be much more of a reality assuming it 's even possible . 
  the clich\u00e9 in sci-fi is to have a war like race whose society revolves around conflict , my point was merely what if we 're that warrior race , we just have n't realise it yet . 
  i remember getting into a drunken discussion with a toilet attendant in munich , for some reason he would n't accept any money from me . 
  i do n't know why , probably because i spoke german with him . 
  frustratedly i was trying to put my 50c on his plate . 
  so he whipped out his wad of cash in front of me , which happened to contain a bunch of dollars . 
  apparently americans think it 's fine to leave dollars on the tip plate for these guys and it happens quite often ... so you can buy a piss . 
  not without your passport and only in like the main branch of the whole city ... 
  because in third world nations ! = pretty much everywhere . 
  that 's a pretty stupid question , it depends where you 're going . 
  in much of asia , the middle east and africa you 'd probably be better of with the euro since people will have seen those more often . 
  dollars are much rarer since it 's too far away , and the immigrant connections are n't as strong since immigrants who move to the us from the old world do n't tend to nip make home very often . 
  offering someone in morocco a dollar would be a bit like offering someone in south america a euro , fucking sketchy . 
  it 's not uncommon where i used to live . 
  heard it all the time . 
  did n't annoy me in the slightest . 
  just because you have n't heard does n't make it `` uncommon '' . 
  what your saying is like me saying that the way latino americans speak is fucking uncommon and annoying . 
  lol , it is a pain the arse to change money in germany in my experience . 
  you do need id ( this is true in the uk too ) , but local branches of my bank would n't do it . 
  had to hike into the city centre for it . 
  in the uk most banks and almost all post offices will do it . 
  postbank dhl looked at me like i was insane for asking . 
  i think i have mild / r/trypophobia , but instead of wanting to avoid it i have this strong urge to smash it up . 
  kind of annoyed me that they did n't fuck that stuff up with a stick . 
  poland is n't germany you know . 
  banking here is kind of backwards . 
  tonnes of supermarkets wo n't take anything but ec cards . 
  loads of places wo n't take a card under 20 euros . 
  use a cash machine from a different bank and expect up to 5 euro charges . 
  anyway , most branches of banks do n't have a bureau de change , post offices do n't have them . 
  got to find a big bank or a reisebank or something . 
  it 's not that bad not quite as easy as in other countries in my experience . 
  anyway poland uses zloty , obviously going to be more demand there since all your neighbours use different money , while only like half of germany 's do . 
  why is the fact that you 've never heard it is a reason to bitch about it . 
  people have different voices , they ca n't help it , do n't whine about it . 
  what do you expect them to speak differently just for you ? 
   your analogy of how latino americans speak is a poor comparison . 
  why is it ? 
  i rarely hear hispanic-american english outside of maybe breaking bad or something . 
  all that money is to defend against each other and project power . 
  you ca n't beat isis really though because they 're not an army , they 're a bunch of radicals holding onto some desert hiding amongst the civilian population while plotting terrorist attacks to fuck up the west . 
  to be honest my first thought was that that 's not a song you can cover and do it justice . 
  sadly , imo i was right to think that . 
  i like disturbed but that cover did nothing for me . 
  pulling out the fallacy card is the sure fire sign of a neckbeard who wants to project the idea that they 're super intelligent because that 's what they believe about themselves despite being the case . 
  fallacies use to work like this when they were mostly used by academics . 
  the argument has made a mistake , for the sake of shorthand i 'll state that it 's a fallacy of this kind , now let me write many paragraphs explaining exactly why i think this is the case , how it fits the this form of fallacy and pre-emptively allaying any qualms you might have with my reasoning . 
  in truth , the fact that they identified it was such and such fallacy did n't even matter , their criticism would be right or wrong regardless of its form . 
  how it works now . 
  you 're wrong because you made this kind of fallacy ... 
  i win . 
  also people seem to not understand the difference between the argument fitting the form of an ( informal ) fallacy and it actually being a fallacy . 
  for example , an argument to the effect that a 70 % flat tax rate will lead to greater poverty and lack of economic growth , which in turn will lead less revenue collected , which will lead to the need to raise taxes , fits the form of a slippery slope argument . 
  however it 's not a slippery slope because it 's fucking true . 
  saying that legalising homosexuality will lead to the legalisation of paedophilia is a slippery slope , because it 's not fucking true . 
  again , stating that it 's slippery slope is kind of pointless , just say it 's not true . 
  informal fallacies are not the kind of thing that if something fits the formula it 's by necessity false , they 're really just fancy ways of saying this is wrong and in what sense it 's wrong . 
  ultimately anyone who whacks out fallacies on the internet i automatically assume to be a dawkins worshipping edgey teen who 's circlejerked himself to believing that he 's the next einstein . 
  that just seems like a neckbeard 's wet dream to me . 
  nobody is impressed by your unnecessary and somewhat inaccurate use of greek terms . 
  fyi you 're confusing argument and persuasion . 
  there are no fallacies in persuasion ( sophistry , if we 're going to continue with the greek shit ) . 
  if calling your opponent a dickhead convinces people to agree with you rather than them then well done , you 've succeeded in persuasion . 
  unsportsmanlike perhaps , a fallacy ?
