  i do n't buy the simple murdering burglar story , but at the same time i do n't think there is sufficient evidence to implicate knox as the killer . 
  frankly , it was a disappointing feeling when many americans approached the issue with blind jingoism , seemingly immediately assuming knox 's innocence , combined by poorly concealed bigotry , assuming that the italian authorities were incompetent in every regard and that the italian legal system must be totally corrupt . 
  i reckon that had the incident occurred in a country americans have more respect for , such as germany , the american public would 've been slower to jump to the conclusion that knox was a blameless victim . 
  that said , the italian justice system did let everyone down , but not in the way many americans think , i 've heard many being angry because the legal principles that are followed in america ( double jeopardy , trial by jury etc. ), 
  are n't used in italy . 
  this is just bigotry imo , based in an assumption that the american way of doing things must be superior and anything that differs from it must be corrupt and bad . 
  this is just nonsense , the civil law tradition in europe has been proved to be just as capable as common in law , and while the italian justice system is far from perfect , it still functions most of the time , and it 's not like any country can claim to have a corruption free system . 
  the real let down was the italian police 's failure to collect evidence properly . 
  the core of the trial came down to dna evidence collected in the bathroom and on the knife . 
  the trial hinged on this dna evidence , and it was this dna evidence that was found to have been improperly collected and processed meaning it was dismissed . 
  if the italian police had done their job correctly what they found there might be sufficient to implicate or dismiss knox 's involvement . 
  however , because they fucked it up we must act as if no dna was found , and assume that knox was not involved in the murder . 
  the whole thing has been a shit show , and i feel especially bad for the family of meredith , who will probably never feel as if the matter has been put to rest , because in the climate of political battles , patriotism , and media slander combined with straight up incompetence on the behalf of the italian police means that we 'll never really know what happened , nor have any faith that justice really won out . 
  if you go on any videos of the kercher family speaking you 'll find hate messages left by americans calling them delusional , and that 's just not ok . 
  british people do not jump on the narrative that it 's all just a big witch hunt and conspiracy to frame her carried out by a corrupt state as americans do , but are far more willing to be reasonable and not assume guilt or innocence . 
  you can see in this thread how this bias has affected the american public , as most posters here act as if the case of cut and dry and if they 're 100 % certain of her innocence , when in fact nobody knows , and perhaps never will . 
  you are just the edgiest most euphoric guy i 've ever met . 
  when you leave your bible belt town where you 're the biggest rebel around for being an militant atheist and move to a city where the majority are n't you 'll discover that there are people who manage not to be religious without being dicks about it and insulting those who are . 
  i ca n't believe how many people have assumed her innocence and trying to make out like the italian legal system is the same as somewhere like liberia . 
  truth is , nobody knows what happened , and when you ca n't prove someone to be guilty you must assume them innocent , however acting like there was never a case and it 's just a big conspiracy to victimise an american girl is indicative of the opposite bias . 
  i ca n't believe how many people have assumed her innocence and trying to make out like the italian legal system is the same as somewhere like liberia . 
  truth is , nobody knows what happened , and when you ca n't prove someone to be guilty you must assume them innocent , however acting like there was never a case and it 's just a big conspiracy to victimise an american girl is indicative of the opposite bias . 
  being are being convinced of both guilt and innocence for all the wrong reasons . 
  i think the us had a different mentality before . 
  i visited the us pre 9 11 . 
  there was a strong feeling that the us was well liked around the world . 
  that america was everyone 's ally , except perhaps china but china was considered an irrelevant backwater back then posing no real threat to the us culturally . 
  us culture was extremely dominant during that decade , for the first time , people around the world were all enjoying big macs and checking out the latest hollywood blockbuster . 
  obviously the collapse of the ussr , the fall of the berlin wall , and the end of the cold war providing a sense of security and prosperity in a new age of universal capitalism and peace , contributed to this mentality . 
  americans seem quite crazy to me in the degree to which their culture is defined by the media , and how much it impacts behaviour . 
  9 11 shifted the narrative towards far more hostile and paranoid tone , which in turn impacted the culture and behaviour of americans . 
  it also signalled an end to the american golden age which started at some point in the 80s . 
  while the world still consumes plenty of american culture i think the majority of people relate to it much differently from how they did pre 9 11 . 
  seeing it from the perspective of someone in europe is interesting . 
  i distinctly remember the generally positive consensus felt towards the us that existed pre 9 11 . 
  the fact that the uk actually had a pretty rough time during much of this american golden age , with constant economic weakness , dimished global influence , and many terrorist attacks . 
  it puts it in a different light . 
  this is the worst for karaoke . 
  usually when you sing a song in the shower you automatically find the most comfortable key . 
  this gives you false confidence . 
  then you try to sing a song and burn because you cant seem to find the right level and keep dropping octaves . 
  not really . 
  ive never spoken a language that requires rolled rs and i can roll them no problem . 
  some people just find it hard , others can just do it no problem . 
  it 's just the kind of thing people say you . 
  `` our deals are the cheapest around , bar none '' eventually becomes `` our deals are bar none '' . 
  `` the house is building '' a passival form ? 
  what ? 
  if so how did they form present continuous active sentences ? 
  ` who do i want to kiss me ' does n't sound right to me . 
  it only makes sense with pause . 
  ` who do i want ... to kiss me ' . 
  naturally the need for a slight break means the elision is n't appropriate . 
  ` who do i want to be kissed by ' sounds more proper , and elision is just fine there . 
  it 's pretty bad . 
  it gets airtime because uk channels seem to love to buy 3-4 seasons of these american cartoons and then repeat them ad nauseum for the next 5-10 years as filler . 
  works because stoned people will watch them despite the repeats . 
   a bunch ( gang ? ), 
  of 15 burqa wearing mothers and their collective broods . 
  nope . 
  a few , yeah , but 15 plus their offspring , nah . 
  ah right , because a plane from dubai or somewhere round there could n't possibly contain more than 3 women ? 
  dafaq you talking about son ? 
  i would support labour more strongly if it were , just saying . 
  the internet 's general understanding of fallacies is utterly infuriating . 
  in popular online culture the notion of fallacy has been adopted in a completely wrong and ridiculous way . 
  the notion of fallacy is readily taken up by neckbeards on the internet because it gives them sense that they have the power to magically shut down any opposition to their opinion , as they naively assume that fallacies are absolute unambiguous rules for argumentation and that if they can apply any possible fallacy to someone 's argument they win the debate by default . 
  furthermore , as the video said they assume that just because a fallacy is present the conclusion is wrong . 
  most people fail to distinguish between formal logical fallacy ( which is simply logical inconsistency ) and informal rhetorical fallacy ( which is just a name we give to various `` suspect '' forms of reasoning that people often employ , but are n't inherently wrong ) . 
  by treating rhetorical fallacies like logical fallacy you can give yourself a false sense of superiority which is really nothing but pretentiousness . 
  for example , if someone says `` where there are dogs there is dog shit , and where there are dogs there is dog food , therefore where there is dog shit there is dog food '' there are committing a logical fallacy , this is simply because the premises here do not require that `` where there is dog shit there are dogs '' , and without the premise `` dogs if and only if dog shit '' there is no logical basis to assume `` if dog shit then dog food '' . 
  this is a true logical fallacy , and could eventually be shown to be contradictory if we assume a counterpoint and show that it fits with the assumed premises . 
  however , when someone pulls out a rhetorical fallacy like say , `` a slippery slope '' , it 's just a fancy way of saying i disagree with your assessment . 
  take these two arguments `` if we legalise homosexuality , eventually we might end up legalising incest and bestiality '' , a classic `` slippery slope '' the neckbeards would cry . 
  obviously it makes no sense to assume that just because homosexuality is no longer punished under the law that people will become tolerant of sex with animals for some reason . 
  however , compare it to this argument , `` if we legalise medical cannabis , we might end up legalising recreational cannabis '' . 
  another `` slippery slope '' , but hang on , does this make a lot of sense ? 
  i mean surely somewhere with medical cannabis is more likely to move towards legalisation ? 
  surely when people see that medical cannabis has n't led to the downfall of western civilisation and meet people who it has helped they 'll become less opposed to its being made legally available ? 
  there 's simply nothing wrong with this argument even though it could come under the umbrella term slippery slope . 
  and this is because `` slippery slope '' is n't a logical fallacy , it 's an informal rhetorical fallacy , which is really just a name given to forms of reasoning that are often used by people to try to make poor arguments , but really says nothing about the validity of the argument , it merely suggests we might want to examine it further to see if it really matches reality . 
  in real life , logic is really only a small part of argumentation , and many people like the throw around the notion of logic as if it were a magical art that always confirmed their opinion . 
  most of these people not even know what logic really is , and are used hearing it used in its more colloquial meaning of `` rational '' or `` reasonable '' . 
  they say things like `` it 's illogical to eat pizza everyday if you 're obese '' , when really it 's nothing of the sort , foolish , yes , dangerous , perhaps , but logic has little to do with it . 
  it could be considered irrational , but even that hinges on what someone 's motivations are . 
  if someone is obese and eating pizza because they like being obese then it 's perfectly rational , even if we think it unwise . 
  in real life arguments the vast majority of it comes down to your beliefs about the facts of the matter , and is n't anything to do with logic . 
  that anti-homosexuality protester really does believe that `` legalising homosexuality will cause people to become more tolerant of bestiality '' and if he were right about this then his argument would be completely logical . 
  a much more effective way to argue to is expose what your opponent must believe as a consequent of his argument , and then use evidence and reason to convince them that these beliefs do not reflect reality . 
  mouthing off about informal rhetorical fallacies helps absolutely nothing , and does nothing to convince your opponent that he 's wrong . 
  at best , all you do is convince a bunch of similarly minded neckbeards who do n't really understand fallacies that you 've got the upper hand . 
  a final thing to point out is that someone who make even a formal logical fallacy can still be right in their conclusion , in the same way that someone can be asked `` what 's four times four ? 
  '' , and then do the working ( 10 x 2 ) - 4 , and still get the right answer , so even that is not a reason to immediately dismiss what someone is saying . 
  the internet needs to stop using the notion of fallacy like a weapon , and address what it perceives as wrong head on . 
  just because someone calls you a rude name or takes an impolite tone does n't mean their belief is de facto wrong by law of ad hominem ,, 
  damn straight i am , i 'm also right . 
  if you 're going to see 15 women in burkas , asides a mosque , the airport is probably the most likely place you 'd see it . 
  do n't know why people are suspicious of globalism , as if it were some big secret evil agenda . 
  naturally , there are corrupt politicians , but their corruption is far more boring and base , they 're lining their own pockets and those of their friends and family by bending the rules . 
  globalism has positive sides that anyone who understands our modern society and global situation right now should see the appeal of .
