  with farewells the rules are bit changed as well , and depend on so many things , but generally farewells should be warmer than greetings , as while a bit of caution on meeting a someone is normal , if you 've clicked and bonded during your time together than that should have passed . 
  if your exit is a bit stilted or awkward , then it suggest you 're still not 100 % relaxed around that person . 
  likewise if your exit is too frosty it suggest you have n't had that great a time . 
  of course , across cultures it can get a bit complicated , as when kissy parisians meet frost finnish handshakers it 's like when world 's collide . 
  not putting any effort into their side of the conversation , way too many girls who do n't converse but just occasionally make observations or acknowledge what you 're saying . 
  trying to make conversation with these people is draining . 
  i understand that not everyone is a talker , and i 'm sure there are guys that do similar things the other way around , but these people are all just so boring . 
  asking to go to places that they know well where they 'll run into people they know all the time is also a really kind of shitty . 
  i understand the girls want to feel safe on the first few dates , but the best way to do that is to go somewhere public but is neutral ground for both of you . 
  bringing someone to a place where all your drinking buddies hang out makes it really hard when you barely know each other . 
  you simply ca n't get to know someone when they 're metres away from people they already know ( honestly it feels like being 12 years old again and trying to speak to girls with their cackling bffs refusing to leave their side ) , it 's really disheartening as a guy , makes you feel on trial , puts in you a less relaxed state as you end up trying to appear in a positive light not just in the eyes of your date but also her buddies . 
  once you 're a few dates in and have a more clear idea of one another then it 's fine to go somewhere where you know people , but it 's just bad for making a connection with someone . 
  i know a fair few girls who do this from sheer laziness because they want to have an alternative option if the date is n't as fun as they hoped , but i think by doing so they 're making their dates considerably less fun . 
  part of bonding with a few person is having novel experiences together so you feel like you have a shared memory to build on , going to your local bar where the staff know you by name totally destroys this experience . 
  constantly texting obviously . 
  girls who take the attitude of `` ok , i 've allowed you to take me on a date , now impress me '' kinda suck too . 
  like seriously , making dating an constant uphill struggle like you 're some great prize i 'm suppose to struggle for is a shitty attitude some girls have . 
  replying to the question `` what do you want to do ? '', 
  with `` i do n't mind '' , and then being annoyed that you 're not enjoying yourself there is bloody annoying too . 
  i do n't mind being decisive to a degree if that 's what they want , choosing what we do for example , but come on , this a two way street . 
  at least say the kind of stuff that you do and do n't like doing . 
  it 's not my fault if you say you 'll do `` whatever '' and then we go to a fish restaurant and it turns out you do n't like any fish besides fish fingers . 
  seriously though ? 
  i know a lot more about spelling and grammar than the average person ( years of a tefl experience , acquired 2nd language , amateur interest in things like linguistics , etymology etc. 
  ) , and i could n't give less of a fuck how i type on my phone ( excluding things like work emails ) . 
  no offence , but i tend to find people who care about grammar in such situations to be tedious bores who usually know little of grammar themselves e.g the type of person who judges others for using `` john and me '' rather than `` john and i '' even when it 's in the object position . 
  they also tend to cling to ridiculously outmoded notions like avoiding dangling participles and split infinitives when that stuff has n't been taken seriously since ww2 . 
  i was n't really calling you a bore , sorry if it came off that way . 
  i just mean that i do n't understand why you care . 
  i could understand if only people who could n't write properly did it , but it seems like everyone does . 
  you say that it shows that they do n't give a shit . 
  but honestly i think most people do n't see it as something to give a shit about , and if you see it that way then not using is n't indicative of not giving a shit . 
  i mean i tend to assume that most people using text spellings and stuff like dropping auxiliary verbs actually do know how to types properly when they need to . 
  to me , it does n't seem like something smart people care about , and it takes a somewhat schoolmarmish mentality to think that good spelling and grammar is some great indicator of character . 
  if you think that 's a `` heavy '' accent then you 're the one with the unusual accent . 
  that fact that you so rarely exposed to accents other than your own means you are ignore . 
  understanding accents is a very transferable skill , sure it helps when you have experience with an specific accent , but you 'll find if you can understand a different accent then you learn transferable skills that allow you understand accents . 
  you yanks are always going on about americans melting pot heritage , but if you 're so rarely exposed to different accent that you find this hard to understand it seems pretty damn homogeneous to me . 
  evidently you do n't ... 
  that is fascinating and i 'm sure it 's impacted our culture greatly , but another explanation for the lopsided nature of out north south divide is that london in in the east . 
  london 's influence on the culture is more widespread in the e. midlands because they are geographically closer to london . 
  notice how the e.midlands lack any major cities virtually , and the places of note are either miles from london e.g nottingham , or basically just london cultural enclaves e.g cambridge . 
  yeah , it 's more like northerners are conservative `` traditional values '' but left wing economically , while the south is often progressive `` live life how you want but do n't bother me '' but right wing economically . 
  that said it differs a lot depending on whether you 're in a city or countryside . 
  the countryside seems to be almost exclusively conservative values whereas most big cities are more progressive from a social standpoint . 
  god that woman supporting brexit was fucking unbearable . 
  all the arguments are sophistic , no actual thought about what these things are . 
  eu officials are `` unelected rulers '' and they `` rule europe '' , it 's just tabloid narrative . 
  allowing these people to choose geopolitical policies is utterly absurd . 
  it 's turkeys voting for christmas when people say they voted for change and want left wing thought and equality . 
  they 've throw their lot in with the very people who having been trying to cut off what little investment their regions get . 
  whatever mate . 
  what else explain why ignorant people seem to have such trouble with accents , whereas people who grew up exposed to multiple accents have no trouble , even with it 's an accent they 're not well acquainted with . 
  i 've been around the south and mid-west , and you and many people shit themselves when one vowel is different . 
  it was the same with the older generation in the uk , anything unusual and they 'd complain it was indecipherable , whereas the youth having grown up around more linguistic variation have no trouble whatsoever . 
  looks at frankie and benny 's ... their whole chain has been empty for years ( with all those fabulous locations on 1990s built retail parks who would 've thunk it ) , and they 're still going . 
  that said , the economics of restaurants and bars and other things like that is always very uneven a sudden burst of custom on friday night can offset the place being dead as a dodo midweek . 
  i have n't heard it outwith some very specific and archaic contexts . 
  god you 're a cunt xd seriously get off that high horse for a moment . 
  by the way i find the absence of nicotine in your blood utterly vile , you 're a disgusting human being and you should n't be permitted . 
  you sound legit angry over something so trivial , i guess you 're just enjoying this opportunity to be sanctimonious . 
  i mean they were smoking on a train platform not robbing grannies on the street corner . 
  because outside most people give less of a shit . 
  at airports people tend to badly want a cigarette badly after getting off or getting on to a flight that will probably take or has taken a number of hours . 
  hospitals tend to blanket ban smoking on the premises rather than just around the door , which is n't that smart to be honest as consequently if people are breaking the rules wherever they go they 'll probably just go to the nearest place which happens to be just by the door . 
  personally i think i 'm quite considerate , i 'd walk to the carpark or somewhere where i 'm not bothering people , but at my hospital even smoking the car park away from everyone is technically against the rules and you 're meant to go off the premises which is a hike . 
  i think this raises a good point though . 
  in the uk it 's become the fashion to stop facilitating smoking whatsoever , but ultimately that just leads dropped fag ends and smokers smoking in places that inconvenience others . 
  we 're becoming like the damn americans with smoking being seen as taboo and low class . 
  i think we should be more like the europeans have a tolerant attitude to smoking , for example on most train stations in europe you 'll find a little smoking area at the end of the platform where the smokers are pushed to . 
  that way smokers go where the smokers are , and other people can stand anywhere else on the platform and avoid their smoke , everyone is happy and everyone behaves with an attitude of respecting each other 's adult choices and not trying to denigrate or inconvenience anyone . 
  i know we want to be progressive and promote good health , but what about the freedom of individuals to do what they want . 
  trying to inconvenience smokers into quitting wo n't work , i can tell you that now , so why not provide them things like ashtrays and designated smoking areas so they 're happy and so are the non-smokers . 
  i 'm not condoning that behaviour , i 'm condemning your sanctimonious tone , what with your talk of your `` right to a smoke free journey '' and saying that smoking is a `` fucking disgusting habit '' . 
  actually mate , while smoking is legal , you may have to walk past someone doing it from time to time even if you do n't enjoy that . 
  unlike what many believe , an occasional whiff of burning tobacco leaf wo n't do you any harm ( or at least no more than walking past a bonfire in a garden ) . 
  i can assure that inhaling the fumes of burning dried leaf , while not good for the body is quite sanitary . 
  instead of talking on that moralising tone , especially about people who clearly are already told everyday that what they 're doing is bad or their health etc. 
  why not come at this with mentality of respecting others right to choose what they do , and then we can move forward with living cooperatively in our shared public lives while minimising the inconvenience we cause one another . 
  much of this smoking that inconveniences others happens precisely because british society , taking after the us , seems to have decided that it does n't need to cater to smokers , as if they somehow do n't deserve facilities that will allow them to facilitate their habit without inconveniencing others . 
  if we put smoking areas at the end of train platforms like the belgians or the germans then we would n't have so many of these ridiculous scenarios . 
  reporting someone to the transport police for smoking , rather than just asking them politely to stop and pointing out the regulations , just seems incredibly an incredible uptight and borderline authoritarian thing to do . 
  like i said , they 're smoking not robbing grannies . 
  i agree , smoking in a designated non-smoking area is a dick move , but like farting in a lift , while it might be incredibly thoughtless and annoying , it 's not something to get a moral high horse about and start acting sanctimonious about . 
  ever heard of psychosomatic, 
   see , it 's this whole `` but we 're doing nothing wrong , society should be inconvenienced and accommodate our carcinogens '' attitude that gives me the greatest pleasure about reporting it to british transport police . 
  wow , those are two very different things , society should n't be inconvenienced by smoking but yes while smoking is legal then they should be accommodated . 
  furthermore this attitude you describe is something you 're entirely projecting , most smokers do their utmost to avoid inconveniencing others with their habit , and it clear evidence that you 're not approaching this objectively as something that should be resolved by making a mature and sensible solution that pleases both parties , but rather i reckon you simply want to see smokers condemned for being smokers . 
  quite simply you 're taking the opportunity to relish in hating on a group of people who it 's become acceptable to hate on , and that 's a bit sad mate . 
  to be honest , i think anyone who gets `` the greatest pleasure '' from informing the police about anything is a contemptible character in my opinion , as deriving pleasure from such petty actions can only be born of many many years of repressed anger expressing itself passive aggression . 
  sure , it 's right to tell the police when someone is doing something straight up immoral , or inconveniencing people by not following the rules , but it should always be something you do reluctantly when you have no other choice , not something to take pleasure in . 
  if you 're running to tell the transport police every time you see a smoker standing 50 metres away at the end of the station you need to sort your priorities out . 
  i though one of the good sides of the british character was not to be capable of sorting things out amongst ourselves and not relying on rules and authority for every minor thing . 
  evidently this kind of pettiness is one of your great joys in life , which is unfortunate . 
  i would never support smoking in designated non-smoking areas , but quite frankly it 's not something that should be evoking such a strong reaction in you , and to me you 're coming across as practically vindictive in your attitude . 
  all i 'm saying is there 's no scientific reason why cigarette smoke would cause an asthma attack more effectively than other kinds of smoke . 
  the smoke from a fire is much denser and heavier meaning it is more likely to irritate the lungs and cause trouble . 
  does n't necessarily make it less dangerous , but some people have panic attacks when they see spiders , but that 's no reason to go systematically preventing spiders from being near people . 
  what 's more likely is that the smell of tobacco smoke has been associated with attacks in your mind , and now when you 're around it the association triggers feeling of an attack . 
  `` m\u00f6chtest du chicken ? '',
