  i know very few people who are anti-integration , maybe a few radical communists who think our own culture is toxic and needs to be forgotten , but you realise that such people make up less than 1 % of the population right ? 
  the daily mail narrative that the london left are all radical anti-imperialists who think all immigrants should not become in any sense tainted by britishness is a load of crap . 
  almost everyone wants integration . 
  the difference between right and left is most on how much responsibility people put on individuals to integrate themselves , the left seeing it as more of a failing in society if communities do n't integrate whereas the right put the burden on the individual and see immigrants as undesirables when they do n't immediately talking in cockney rhyming slang and learning the words to jerusalem the moment they hop off the plane . 
  when you say you expect them to change to society rather than society change for them it 's hard to know what you mean in any concrete sense . 
  it 's always going to be both . 
  immigrants mostly learn the language to work and survive , they consume our culture and inevitably end up being shaped by it , but it 's not a process that happens overnight . 
  nor can you expect immigrants to give up things like their faith and traditions , as these things come higher in priorities than the nation they 're living in . 
  imagine if you moved to country where you were expected to stop being british in every sense and renounce your faith ( or become religious if you 're an atheist ) . 
  you simply would n't go to that country would you . 
  one of the big appeals of britain to immigrants is our freedom , and that include not having culture dictated to you by the majority . 
  really the only difference is who do you blame when integration fails to occur , the people who are failing to integrate or the society that has n't found place for them ? 
  in a free society you ca n't stop people from voluntarily taking the advice of someone their see as a community leader . 
  if you see a priest to ask about an abortion and he tells you that abortion is immoral , and because you believe him you do n't get one despite not being in the best position to raise the child , is the priest being `` anti-british '' when the laws of britain permit abortion ? 
  obviously not . 
  british law tells us what is forbidden , it does n't tell us what is right or wrong . 
  everyone has to be free to decide what they think right and wrong is . 
  british culture is n't passed down from on high either , much rather it 's the aggregate of all the beliefs about british culture held by the citizens and residents of britain . 
  ultimately that 's what your complaint comes down to is not that they 're going against our law or culture , but rather that they 're following their own understanding of right and wrong , and that understanding is different from what you believe or what we might consider the majority opinion across britain . 
  however , britain has never been a country with a single dominating moral or religious outlook ( compare : france , spain , italy ) . 
  when it comes to religious freedom we pretty much invented it when we split from the catholic church . 
  if there is any such thing as a british value it 's one that supports a classical liberal outlook on society in which a plurality of moral and religious beliefs are accepted within the framework of the law . 
  now , you might say that some immigrants are n't following the law , but these are a tiny minority . 
  the fact is that the british identity has always consisted of a rag tag band of different cultures , religions , classes , and nationalities . 
  it 's our structured pluralistic approach to society that differentiates us from most of continental europe . 
  britain has always resisted attempts to form into idealised mono-culture working in perfect harmony , and as such has often sought to minimise the obligations of the individual to the state at times , preferring to simply regulate the interactions of different groups on the island over promoting complete homogeneity , perhaps a relic of our history with celts , saxons , danes , and normans all playing different roles our culture . 
  the thing is , i used to think writers wrote what , for the most , are terribly transparent moral parables to try and make people walk away a little more aware of minority views or whatever , but watching broadchurch reminds me a bit of bse , feeding the same crap back to people that they 've produced , which in turn only compounds their hysteria . 
  it 's just a big mary sue for how sheltered self-righteous people fear the world is behind the scenes . 
  seems to me that if you 're wondering where all the silent majority tories are , the types that support things like giving the government extra surveillance powers , porn filters and bans , shamelessly buy into the sentiment that society is in decline and has `` lost its way '' morally speaking , fear all change and reform , are genuinely concerned that we ca n't deport who we want when we want due to the echj etc. 
  then look no further than popular british television . 
  simply put , if you 're wondering why all these hysterical reactionary opinions are lurking , they 're probably all watching dross like this in the evenings and convincing themselves that that is how the world really is , or at very least that there 's some real meaning to be taken from it . 
  looking at british media in the last 15 years or so it 's starting to more and more clear to me that media and art in the uk in the last few years has taken on a tone that while often seemingly intended to subvert stereotypes , the is result is that it actually reinforces many of them and in addition to that fills people with a sense of fear of what 's new or different as their old prejudices are contradicted and thus simply replaces with an even more intense discomfort . 
  if you want to see the rise of british conservative populism in the last decade , look no further than our art and media , from the clich\u00e9d and twee popularity of ww2 propaganda images , `` keep calm and eat breakfast '' and other such shit , so the constant dystopian themes in films and media , look at virtually anything that old michael caine has been and it 'll be something that shamelessly spoon feeds fear into the mouths of those who want to see the world in the terms of a daily mail gilded narrative of fear . 
  the fact that that poor piece of narrative is in the show is actually really meaningful , as the fact that the audience for these shows is willing to swallow such a plot line tells us that the average technological literacy of the viewer is low . 
  it is a reflection of how the viewership think the internet works , rather than anything to do with how it does work . 
  one explanation for how hysterical a lot of british drama has become in recent can potentially be explained by the fact that demographic of people who are on average younger , more technologically literate , and overall more modern , have stopped watching television in the traditional sense , preferring to catch up with the programmes they have heard are good from other sources . 
  this means that these prime time programmes know their audience are all either young and not particularly technologically literate ( the kind for whom laptops are just facebook machines ) , and for the most part older and still have the mentality of just watching whatever is on at primetime on the bbc or itv at 8pm / 9pm etc , rather than making a more informed or nuanced choice about their media consumption . 
  if you want to know where all the progressive voters in the uk have gone , it 's that they 've disengaged with the mainstream culture ( or at least used to be the mainstream culture ) . 
  meanwhile those who 've stayed engaged with the television zeitgeist have been consuming more and more distilled versions of their own mindset reflected back at them . 
  a media only consumed by these demographics is inevitably populist ( both left wing populism and right wing populism ) . 
  you can see the same effect in news programmes . 
  as more and more people switch off the news in favour of getting news online , the printed press and television press becomes more and more reflective of the opinions of the demographics that are still buying newspapers and tuning in to watch news programmes . 
  broadchurch shows technology in a way someone who does n't understand and fear technology would believe , it shows young people in a way that no one who is actually engaged with young people would believe , it shows criminals in a way that someone with no concept of real criminality would believe , it just goes on . 
  the writer must be laughing at how juvenile they can treat their audience and they just lap it up . 
  well to me that last time british television seems genuinely good was back in the 90s and early 00s when you had all these really good shows pushing what were then the boundaries on bbc 2 and channel 4 . 
  there was definitely a lot more intelligent programming aimed as younger progressively minded people . 
  i hate to say it but the bulk of mainstream television is now consumed by what are on average either the less educated or older segment of the population . 
  in my experience growing up in a white working class area the online culture is anathema to many people . 
  the older generation , obviously because they do n't understand it and ca n't engage with it , but also amongst the less educated segment of young people ( although this is slowly changing , although not really for the better , see : fake news ) , who are very picky about what they will engage with online because they only want to see stuff that is reflective of their own culture . 
  they certainly do n't want to engage with any sort of international culture . 
  part of being `` real '' and not a `` wasteman '' is not being interested in much outside of your own community . 
  it 's really interesting to think what the world looks like to people who in 2017 do n't really grasp the internet in its fullest sense . 
  they must see it as a half of society has been lost to some kind of unhealthy cult or something , so no wonder there is so much fear around technological issues . 
  television used to be a true universal ( saying you did n't watch television used to be akin to claiming you 'd decided to become a priest ) , and it used to play a vast role in defining people social perceptions , and it used to play a big role in helping people with little in common relate with one another on the basis of having seen the same programmes etc. 
  the generation who have n't adapted past that mindset are clearly ill at ease with way things are today . 
  given that , should it really be surprising when television comes more and more to reflect a narrow perspective of the world that does n't actually match reality or take into account more modern or sophisticated outlooks ? 
  not quite sure what you mean there . 
  yes , reality tv has made television worse but i do n't see how that directly translate to poor one dimensional drama masquerading as something realistic . 
  one of the big reasons reality tv is successful is because the kind of person who still watches tv regularly how we all used to do before the internet is often the kind of person who has no problem enjoying reality tv . 
  the only exceptions being older folk who hate reality tv but still treat television the way they always have . 
  seems to me that if you want to make a successful prime time show these days it either needs to be :, 
  popular with the older crowd , so stuff like broadchurch , and one way to ensure this is to just shamelessly reflect their presumptions back at them , which is exactly what broadchurch does . 
  it might be described as disillusioned baby boomer porn . 
  make something that totally underestimates the intelligence of the average person , so reality tv stuff like the only way is essex , x-factor etc. 
  as this is about the level the average younger person who still regularly consumes live television programming is at . 
  i do n't see how the latter might cause the former though . 
  the real problem for me is that live broadcast television no longer plays any kind of significant role in the lives of intelligent people under 45 . 
  the reason for this is rather trivial , as it 's not like we 've stopped consuming as much audio-visual entertainment , but is really as simple as the fact that any technologically literate self-respecting person now has the power to choose what they want to consume when they want to consume it . 
  it does n't matter if you 're a student layabout watching 6 hours or television a day or a dynamic young professional who only has an hour or two after work to relax . 
  there 's absolutely no reason for you to waste your time watching content that someone else has decided should be played now . 
  any show aimed at them does n't need to be `` prime time '' as it 's unlikely that they 'll watch the programming when it 's aired anyway . 
  however , all the money and influence for the most part is in this demographic of regular viewers . 
  they consume the advertising , they are the ones that are more impacted by the content , and they are the ones that influence ratings , so television producers are making a narrower band of content more directly targeted at certain types of people . 
  the effect is ultimately a sounding board or `` circle jerk '' is you want , in which people 's beliefs are reflected at them , making them more ingrained , in turn making the content even more reflective of those beliefs etc. 
  it 's a really dangerous road to walk if you ask me , and probably a big part of why the old sense of general political consensus is no longer so common . 
  greenbelt and building regulations are a big part . 
  i think the younger generation has had the wool pulled over its eyes when it comes to greenbelt and protecting `` natural beauty '' etc. 
  because it seems almost mad to challenge these premises given how people universally approve of nature . 
  if you say you 're against greenbelt and pro-planning permission in most circles you 'll be received as if you said you support the widespread slaughter of kittens . 
  in reality , while greenbelt and natural preservation are important , people are very important too , especially housing them . 
  the reality is that the older generation can mindlessly and unthinkingly support greenbelt when really part of the reasons they do n't want to see new houses built is because new houses make old houses less valuable . 
  i only need talk to my parents and their friends to hear their shrill cries about how new housing is `` hideous '' and how building houses would `` destroy the country they remember growing up '' , as they bray smugly about how terrible it is when a new housing estate on the edge of town gets built . 
  well seriously fuck them . 
  ugly houses , or urban areas , are vastly preferable to a housing market that keeps people out and artificially transfer wealth upwards to the rich and older generation . 
  people also tend to be very nimby about these things , supporting the idea of more housing , but vehemently voting against it once it 's proposed in their neighbourhood . 
  people have already mentioned that in britain we tend to build out rather than up too , which means that the viable locations ( see : close to jobs ) that we do have tend to not be as efficiently used as in other places . 
  what you might not realise is that his is another part of this `` natural beauty '' mentality , as higher building will be accused of ruining skylines and views , it 's easier to get permission for buildings under 3-4 floors . 
  homeowners will use any moral argument they can to serve their agenda , but ultimately all it comes down to is that people who own homes do n't want to see new homes going up in their area , especially not new affordable homes , as they only care about their own home 's value and news homes will dilute prices and new affordable homes will bring `` undesirables '' who might endanger the upward mobility of the neighbourhood . 
  in the uk we have the problem where there 's loads of great places for housing with few people to complain , but sadly there are no jobs in these areas and little by way of infrastructure to get people to where jobs are , meaning any houses built there are n't worth much at all and there is no incentive for development . 
  then we have some ideal locations that are near jobs but are strictly designated as greenbelt or do n't have planning permission for housing , and these areas will be vehemently defended by the home owning population in the vicinity ( my dog walking route is more important than your need to live in a house ) . 
  then when we do manage to get houses built they 're all limited to 2 or 3 floors to fit the `` tone '' of the neighbourhood so they have to be small . 
  to be honest netherlands does have some suburban sprawl akin to that in the uk , in much of europe it 's unheard of . 
  the uk just has a hell of a lot more . 
  it 's almost as if the moment anyone suggests developing some green belt the local community rally to prevent it because they know that artificial scarcity keeps that home owner equity growing year in year out . 
  it 's not all rich aristocratic elites you know , they actually could n't give less of a fuck for the most part , the average homeowner is equally to blame . 
  amazing how people 's opinions change once they 're on the other side of the property owning barrier . 
  if netherlands is anything like germany in this regard it 's simply because the planners are better and have more ability to tell the population what 's going down due to a different political landscape . 
  what 's of note in germany is that high housing prices can actually cause the government to lose voters just as much as a stagnant housing market can , thus there is this constant balance to please both sides . 
  the renting portion of the population gets very angry when there is no affordable housing and the average price per square metre goes too high . 
  the uk does n't have this balance , the interests of home owners is everything and if you rent you 're either too young to know what you 're talking about or considered a loser in the eyes of society .
