  labour gaps of this sort tend only to appear in higher skill markets because in low skill markets it 's easy to train a workforce for the task . 
  low skilled labour is locked out of immigration because they ca n't deliver the kind of economic value that makes it worth an employer paying for sponsoring a visa . 
  however , with the eu , for the first time , anyone , high skill or low skill , could come to the uk from the uk and filled much needed position . 
  we gave opportunity to a great deal of people looking to improve their quality of life . 
  outside of the eu it will go back to how it was before , with only high skill labour coming in , from either the eu or non-eu . 
  the uk will not start opening its doors to low skill labour from anywhere when it 's so much easier economically to sieve from an existing pool . 
  so all that will happen is that it will go back to how it was before . 
  now bear in mind that high skill eu labour can come to the uk regardless of whether we remain in the eu , on exactly the same terms as high skill non-eu labour can . 
  so ultimately leaving the eu has n't helped a single high skill non-eu immigrant come to the country . 
  all the high skill eu labour is just as able to come and fill those roles just as easily before . 
  you might have made it slightly less convenient , but in real terms only moderately . 
  in reality we 'll get virtually the same non-eu immigration as before , or perhaps even less , as non-eu applicants are forced to compete with eu applicants for the same jobs as before , however this competing for the same `` quota space '' for visas given how keen the leave lot are on immigration quotas . 
  please , stop kidding yourself that leaving the eu is any sense going to benefit non-eu immigrants wanting to come to the uk , that 's absurd . 
  what it will do it legitimise a generic anti-immigration narrative that could very well threaten their future prospects of coming to this country at all . 
  you 're a fool if you think brexit is going to turn britain into some internationalist paradise where every foreigner is welcome with open arms regardless of their place of origin , in all likelihood it will achieve the very opposite , a more insular nation with less immigration across the aboard , and i 'm sure all the non-eu immigrants who are n't able to come here as a result will be thanking you for high minded thoughts about `` equality '' . 
  the eu was a system of pooled sovereignty with free of movement for its citizens . 
  in this sense it is functionally equivalent to a sovereign nation in this respect . 
  there was also vast political capital in the uk seeing itself as part of a united states of europe , the people living there are simply too brained washed with violent nationalist propaganda , there hangover over centuries of colonialism , to see it clearly . 
  exactly , the leave supporters have systematically exaggerated turkey 's prospects of joining as part of their own `` project fear '' . 
  just because most people do n't want it , does n't mean it would n't be vastly beneficial to the uk to have been part of a federalised eu . 
  in 100 years time history will no doubt view the uk as the loser for not being part of the european movement . 
  i 'm sorry that you ca n't actually reason against the reality i 've just shown you and have decided to give up and bury your head in the sand like a typical leave supporter . 
  when the uk crashes and burns maybe you 'll regret not thing harder about what people explained to you . 
  so you care about everyone equally , so you decide to reduce the number people overall who have the opportunity to contribute to british society and tacitly support a narrative that opposes them equally , ah yes , totally makes sense . 
  equal disdain is a form of equality i guess ... 
  funny how you do n't seem to care about the equality of britons and other nationalities , since it 's only britons who wo n't be harmed by this `` equal '' immigration policy of your ( except for all the social and economic ramification we 'll suffer for the privilege of course ) . 
  i 'm placating you have i 've carefully explained to you why your reasoning is unsound ? 
  and to that rather than either accept my reasoning , provide reasons why you do n't agree , or provide other reasons for your opposition , you call me condescending and disengage . 
  sure mate , i 'm the one who is placating himself . 
  your argument makes no sense and that 's because you 're a racist idiot , and i cba talking to your any more . 
  worse still , you 're a hypocrite as you try to pretend it 's because of `` equality '' when all you 've done is harm non-british and british people alike . 
  you are a contemptible human being , goodbye . 
  the deficit really does n't matter provided we continue economic growth , also the tories were doing what they could to stop the acceleration of the growth of the deficit , that 's all that really matters , whether the deficit is growing faster than the economy . 
  let 's not act like the uk was in such a bad state before the referendum . 
  one of the strongest global reserve currencies , aaa credit rating , full employment ( albeit somewhat fake because of regulatory relaxation ) , largest economic growth of europe . 
  the smart thing to do would be to stay in the eu and address the grievances of brexiteers at their root cause rather than the eu boogie man . 
  love how you 're being downvoted for saying that ... 
  i 've noticed lately a lot of people , even some of the remain side , trying to downplay the significance of brexit and the real impact it 's had on people 's lives . 
  utterly shameful . 
  to be fair , it would be pretty amazing having a coastline so close to berlin . 
  if you think the eu are going to include schengen and eurozone as conditions of a soft brexit you 're being unrealistic . 
  it would be equivalent of saying there are no terms on which we can allow the uk single market access . 
  yes , of course freedom of movement would be top priority for the eu in any negotiation , that 's not something they 'd give any way on . 
  well yes exactly . 
  they are , you likely have n't yet noticed . 
  there 's going to be a sharp increase in prices as contracts expire and increased import costs start affecting export chains . 
  computers are already up 10 % , and retailers are mostly likely trying their best to act a shock absorber to prices increases as not to scare off too much of their consumer base . 
  the difference was that at the same time the pound was worth like $ 1.60 , which is what really matters , as all global currencies are priced against the dollar and the dollar is the unit of exchange for a huge chunk of imports , regardless of whether they actually come from the us or not . 
  the real reason the euro was so high against the pound at the time was because the uk started taking greater economic measures to deal with the 2008 crisis before the eu , as it was more badly affected and the pounds was more versatile against than the euro , which at the time was having a riot of a time with greece and the other eu economies that were in the shitter after 2008 . 
  cool if you 're american that is , utterly shit for anyone living in europe . 
  you missed the good times mate , it 's all downhill from here . 
  i looked at a bank , they were giving $ 0.99 to the # . 
  it 's not an absurdly bad rate , it just seems like it because the # is faring absurdly poorly right now . 
  realistically , you 'll always be paying commission of some kind , either directly , or through a substandard rate . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 'd be hard pushed to exchange real cash for more than $ 1.05 . 
  petrol works differently to be fair . 
  would n't count on it . 
  yeah it 's bad , like `` touristy bank near major attraction '' bad , it 's not `` criminal '' bad . 
  the real crooks in places like prague and budapest are probably giving $ 0.80 to the # these days . 
  it 's vastly more complicated than that . 
  this is just stupidity in a bun . 
  that 's a fine mentality until it 's not . 
  i live in the eu , and after a struggle to set myself up here , learn the language , find myself an entirely new community of friends to help support me , i 'm suddenly being told my place is not secure . 
  sure , it 's easy to say , well nothing has changed , that 's fine until it does . 
  at some point it could just change and the government here would tell me to meet the requirements of a visa . 
  earnings , private insurances etc , which i might struggle to do . 
  lots of people are saying brits in the eu are fine because the 5 year rule wo n't change , and we 'll be given residency , but not all of us have been here for 5 years nor will have been in 2019 when brexit is liable to take effect . 
  that assessment is fucking retarded . 
  brits in germany can get a permanent right to reside after 5 years , which never expires and provides you virtually the same rights as an eu citizen when it comes to moving around the eu . 
  i 've been here 1.5 years , ( +1 year in the past but returned to the uk ) , i could easily not reach the 5 year mark when the uk leaves , leaving me deportable . 
  all thanks to a bunch of fucking racist inbred brits . 
  i 'm starting to loath my own nation frankly . 
  that 's a real fucking big if that you 're using to brush of the imminent destruction of everything i 've worked for over the past few years . 
  no offence but those are nothing but pleasantries . 
  if i could go back in time and i would have left years earlier and be a dual citizen here by now . 
  sadly it took me until when i left to realise how toxic british society is and how miserable it was making me . 
  of course if i were forced back to britain i would be richer as a person for having left , but in almost every other regard i 'd be screwed . 
  career would take a beating , i 'd have to leave literally everything i have . 
  asides a small family spread all over the country whom i see once or twice a year there 's nothing for me back there . 
  honestly , if i were forced back to britain tomorrow with no chance of returning i 'd probably be incredibly depressed . 
  i 'm not a high skill stem worker or a business/finance type , i wo n't be readily able to move somewhere else in the world , i based my entire life around the eu and the very same nasty , brutish , hate filled pricks who i left the country to get away from are now jeopardising my livelihood and threatening to force me back . 
  truth is brexit has turned me from an `` ex-pat '' into an immigrant . 
  when i left pre-brexit i always had it in my mind to come back in a few years when it suited me . 
  perhaps moving to london to avoid the middle english culture i grew up but never felt at home in . 
  however , now when forced to choose between the uk and the remaining segment of the eu the decision on which side to stay on when the `` wall '' goes up is pretty clear . 
  sure , it 's fine to say that travel is good for the soul , but it 's little consolation when your who life is being toyed with and made uncertain for not other reason than stupidity . 
  ah ok , in that case i 'm going to be borderline case depending on when the actual deciding cast occurs . 
  sorry , did n't mean to be harsh , it 's just that i 'm in exactly that situation so it 's a bit close to home . 
  however , it 's not really a reality that brits are going to be forced to choose between british and german passports . 
  if you stay for more than 5 years you 're entitled to permanent residency card , it does n't matter if you 're staying using eu citizenship or on a temporary/conditional visa , once you 've done 5 years you can get it . 
  brits who have n't done 5 years would most likely to have to go onto a work visa . 
  the only reason for brits to give up their british passport is if they care more about being a true german b\u00fcrger with all the voting rights etc. 
  that entails . 
  however , for that minority of brits who have n't stayed more than 5 years and ca n't meet the conditions of that visa then they could well be ousted and sent back to the uk , which is tragic . 
  it 's not . 
  it 's a few months later in 2014 . 
  do n't think it ever stopped being `` acceptable '' in the uk , every pub on a friday or saturday has been full of coke heads since i was 16 years old . 
  seems like the real working man 's drug in the uk . 
  everyone from groups of builders barely out of their teens to middle aged businessmen are partial . 
  i think it appeals to the type of people who love alcohol but would never otherwise take an interest in `` trippy '' drugs , because it does n't appeal to their image of themselves are successful , go getting , sexy , or no-nonsense types .
