  you 'd have to speak to a musician to really understand it , i just take this on faith from what i 've heard from people who understand it . 
  ultimately the point is he wants to play the piano with one spacing of musical frequencies `` f major '' , however when he sings his voice wants to be in `` f sharp '' , meaning that certain notes will clash with the music . 
  school war !, 
  bad traffic !, 
  lol . 
  gema is the reason why youtube has to block videos , because if they did n't gema could stick them with a bill in the hundreds of millions for not being in line with german protectionist and out dated laws . 
  `` music german people might play at a party or just with friends around '' for those too lazy to actually check . 
  i usually just bring in some cakes / sweets to go out on a positive note . 
  make the last lesson a bit more relaxed than usual , occasionally go for a beer / coffee ( whichever is more appropriate ) in the last 30 minutes if people are keen . 
  i congratulate them all on a job well done , swift half pint and then we 're all on our ways never to be seen again . 
  such is the life of an english teacher . 
  america lost the space race in every other capacity . 
  virtually every rich country had the technology to go to the moon by the late 60s , they simply did n't have a reason to spend so much money on that . 
  america pretty much got to be the first country on the moon because it was the biggest country in the west at the time , that 's not really an accomplishment . 
   try doing it to a coal miner in england, 
  hate to break it to you but you 'd be hard pushed to find a coal miner in england , they were almost all closed down years ago . 
  also the relationship between poverty and religion is n't the same in the uk . 
  bavarians are not friendly ... 
  lol people are so butthurt about this . 
  conservative america wins again . 
  fecking eedjuts, 
  i love how he starts listing off fraternity bullshit as if ordinary people knew what the fuck any of that shit meant . 
  i 've had some weird nightmares . 
  i have to stay the worst though usually are n't the most disturbing , because the ones i dislike the most are the ones that wake you up in a hot sweat terrified of what 's around you . 
  however i 've had some really disturbing dreams that can only be described as end of days scenarios of lovecraftian proportions . 
  i distinctly remember ones where it was a war in ancient egypt with animal headed monsters on either side leading armies of undead . 
  the dead bodies looked a bit like the ones out of zelda : ocarina of time that hang around in the city after link has grown up . 
  just shambling brown vaguely human bodies and their skin looked like burn victims . 
  to add to this there were all kinds of gigantic deformed freakish creatures in chains being hauled into the battle . 
  one of the most disturbing though were these things that looked like gigantic fungi floating above the cloud level with hundreds of tendrils that came down the ground to propel them along , they would occasionally reign down fire from above . 
  whatever side of the battle i was one we were closing and being overwhelmed with fire and hellish creatures the backdrop of the pyramids . 
  this one made me wake up in a fit of terror and rush to put the lights on in my room , i had to sit there for a minute and remind myself of what 's real because it so fucked up . 
  i had another one of these dreams more recently that was similar it made so little sense that when i woke up i actually thought i 'd been on ketamine . 
  i was like a sort of dante 's inferno trip through the layers of hell . 
  i just remember it being like an overcrowded city full of freakish people and sweating bodies . 
  it was like it was so fucked up my brain could n't actually make full sense of it all , and the whole time during the dream i believed that i 'd been drugged because my brain was having such a hard time making sense of stuff . 
  all i know is that i was travelling through this fucked up world from place to place each one being like a cross between dali 's depiction of hell and something you might see in a steampunk graphic novel . 
  the weird thing is that i do n't remember having a normal type nightmare since i was a child . 
  the kind that happen in ordinary kind situations . 
  i mean i 've had dreams where i think i 've killed someone or that i 've failed my exams ( not even in education ) but those do n't really feel that nightmarish to me , i even had one recently where i was drinking a beer only to realise it was rancid cloudy brown , they 're more like action dreams if that makes sense , in the same way that an action film is not a horror film . 
  i find a big factor with nightmares sleeping in a new environment with a new bed . 
  also having a fucked up sleeping pattern can affect it too . 
  lol idiot . 
  you whip out your knowledge of flavour profiles without knowing the first fucking thing about beer . 
  ale is served at room temperature , lager is not . 
  what is so hard to understand about this . 
  whenever i see americans serving ale chilled i ca n't help but think of nouveau riche idiots drinking chilled red wine . 
  that is one opinion , which i 'm perfectly willing accept as a valid one . 
  however i 'll just go ahead and put forward an alternative way of looking at it . 
  in the uk guns are still available to criminals , and while gun crime might be vastly less commonplace than in the us it 's not like someone who 's really determined could n't get hold of a firearm . 
  whether that be an illegally imported one or a legal one modified like a sawn off shotgun or something . 
  the thing that illegalising the possession of most fire arms does it de-escalate violent crime to what is usually a non-fatal level . 
  when the penalties for having a firearm are very high then only criminals with a certain mindset will be willing to use them . 
  they have to make a cost benefit decision about arming themselves . 
  if the penalty for the crime is only 5 years , but with a gun it 's 15 years , they have to ask themselves whether they need a gun to commit the crime . 
  so illegalising guns , even when people have guns already , might go some way to reducing their usage if implemented in the correct way . 
  or at least that is the other side of the argument . 
  mostly just having different words for stuff , like rubbish bin vs trash can . 
  grammar differences are so minor as to be insignificant . 
  different phrasing . 
  america took some letters out because some bright sparks though they could simplify english but the whole attempt failed leaving only a few spelling differences . 
  ffs only the first 2 are real ... 
  what 's funny about this is the number of americans believing the fake ones are real . 
  no lol , only postcode and autumn are real , all the others are fake . 
  that 's such a load of utter crap . 
  i have no idea why reddit seems full of people like you , passing off rumour and hearsay as fact with a smug confidence . 
  if you 're not full of shit , [ please consult this vowel chart ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/international_phonetic_alphabet_chart_for_english_dialects ) and explain precisely how british vowels have `` more drawl '' and americans vowels are `` purer '' ( fyi there 's no such thing as `` pure '' vowels , vowels are just vowels . ), 
  the real reason americans think british singers sound more american when they sing is simply because the act of singing removes some of the phonetic elements that tell your brain which accent someone has . 
  these being stress patterns , the length and shape of diphthongs ( dictated by the length of the note on which they fall ) , and the precise positioning of vowels ( which can be affected by pitch and volume ) ... 
  the only reason some people think this sounds `` american '' is because of pure ethnocentric bias , as you just demonstrated so clearly by describing american as `` accentless '' . 
  american accents are just as much accents as anywhere else in the world . 
  wow again you are spouting utter utter shit . 
  please define what `` accentless '' even means ? 
  it does n't mean anything because there is no such thing as accentless english . 
  i mean look at the vowel chart i 've just shown you , which vowel on the ipa chart do we consider to be belong to this hypothetical accentless english . 
  should a word like `` hat '' be pronounced [ h\u00e6t ] or [ hat ] ? 
  which sound belongs to this mysterious accentless english . 
  oh right , there 's no such fucking thing because which phoneme sounds `` neutral '' to you will entirely depend on which accent you 've already acquired . 
  if you had the first clue about linguistics then you would know this , so instead of trying to defend your half-baked pseudo-knowledge just give it a rest instead . 
   i mean something closer to what is considered to be the official pronunciations of letters, 
  ah yes , the non-existent official pronunciation of letters agreed upon at the official non-existent pronunciation of letters conference of 1873 ... 
  for fuck 's sake do you not realise how dumb you sound ? 
  the phonetic alphabet says absolutely nothing about how letters should be pronounced . 
  there is no official rendering of what sound a roman letter should represent . 
  not only is different in every language , but also different in every dialect of every language . 
  take the letter - o for example . 
  the word pot would be pronounced in most british accents as [ p\u0252t ] , with a rounded vowel , however most american accents would pronounce it [ p\u0251t ] or [ p\u00e4t ] , with an unrounded vowel . 
  the vowel that americans use in `` pot '' is almost universally represented with an - a in european languages , yet americans use it for an - o. 
  yet we do n't go around arrogantly suggesting that american vowels are `` impure '' like a culturally prescriptivist moron . 
  let 's look at the letter - a. 
  in a word like cat an american would say [ k\u00e6t ] with a near-open vowel , but most brits ( as well as californians ) would say [ kat ] , with a fully open vowel . 
  in fact [ a ] is further away from other vowels than [ \u00e6 ] , in fact [ \u00e6 ] is closer to the vowel used in a word like `` bed '' , yet nobody goes around saying [ \u00e6 ] is impure because it 's too near to [ \u025b ] . 
  you claim that british sounds further away from the phonetic alphabet says is correct . 
  i put it to you that 1 ) ipa says nothing about how a roman letter vowel should be pronounced 2 ) you do n't know ipa evidently or you would n't think this 3 ) what it sounds like to you is entirely the product of your own accent . 
  ok , so firstly , those are the phonetic symbols for british english . 
  so now you 're claiming that the american accent sounds closer to the phonetic symbols for british english than british english does . 
  for example `` hot '' on that chart is rendered / h\u0252t / , / \u0252 / being a vowel that most american accents do n't have , or at least do n't use for words like `` hot '' . 
  football is rendered / \u02c8f\u028at.b\u0254\u02d0l / , while american english would render it / \u02c8f\u028at.b\u0251\u02d0l / . 
  honestly i think if you knew what the symbols meant then you would n't make this mistake . 
  secondly , that chart is not written in ipa but written in phonetic script .
