  bad choices do not entail bad logic , logic does n't dictate what people believe , but only what they conclude from their beliefs . 
  please for the love of god educate yourself you typical reddit neckbeard sounding intellectually deficient moron before it 's too late for you , i implore you . 
  yeah i get it , thanks for putting the work in anyway . 
  i just think bang for buck is a little misleading since i associate bang more with goods and services than i do with units of currency . 
  it could well be that there are places on the map you 've listed as neutral or loss/improved value where ppp has risen/declined despite changes in currency value relative to the dollar . 
  so therefore it might actually be better for americans to visit say australia now than it was last year , or it might be worse for americans to visit norway now than it was last year , this map only tells us about unit of currency but not what those units are currently buying . 
  so ultimately this map only tells us about currency but not whether americans are getting better deals on their holidays . 
  that said , such a thing would be hard to quantify so i get why you 've done what you 've done . 
  cheers anyway . 
  i think you 're being myopic by saying `` it could n't work '' . 
  the things you 've mentioned are all good from the perspective of a government that is currently in power and wants to remain so . 
  but that is n't grounds for believing they play out well in the end . 
  prosperity does n't = government power . 
  whilst post ww2 competition might 've been a good ground for the us 's success in that period , the artificial prolongation of that public spending through fearmongering could 've equally been its downfall . 
  this is why you 're an ignorant moron . 
  go fap to how logical you deludedly believe yourself to be . 
  not a could in the sky where i am . 
  however could n't really see it because the sun was still so damn bright . 
  pagan religions take god in a more abstract way than most religions . 
  they 're more like platonic forms . 
  the different gods are way expressions of the distilled personified forms of facets of the universe and human existence . 
  i was in southern germany , clear skies but it was n't that impressive even at its peak because the sun was so strong it just looked like a regular sun . 
  things got maybe 30 % darker , you could n't see the eclipse without special glasses . 
  the sun just looked a bit lopsided . 
  the infamous chin strap, 
  not strictly true , football ( with feet ) pre-dates rubgy . 
  rubgy evolved from that game , back then however all forms of ball kicking sport were considered to be `` footballs '' , whether you could use your hands or not . 
  variations on a theme if you will . 
  so that 's why people have the term `` association football '' , to distinguish it from `` rugby football '' and then later `` gridiron football '' . 
  if english speakers had stuck to their own rules and everyone used `` assoc football '' and `` gridiron/american football '' then everything would be dandy , however the contention arises now different places all call their game the `` football '' , as in the true football , which makes each think the other is arrogantly appropriating the word . 
  it 's a crock of shit myth perpetrated by americans to give them some kind of unwarranted sense of superiority . 
  thankfully it 's been discredited quite thoroughly in that thread . 
  firstly it makes no sense of say with conviction than an accent is more or less similar really , you have to look at so many facets . 
  since their are so many features of an accents phonetics . 
  it 's like asking if a tale of two cities is more like bleak house than oliver twist , you ca n't objectively measure it . 
  the myth of the american accent being more original is spread by only looking at one feature of the general american which is rhoticity , the pronunciation of post vocalic - r . this is only one feature of the accent to start with upon which most commentators make their entire argument which is dumb . 
  furthermore it neglects that there are plenty of non-rhotic accents in the us and plenty of rhotic accents spoken the uk . 
  so it 's not even true in a proper sense . 
  even if we look at what most people consider an `` american accent '' and what people consider a `` british accent '' , general american and standard southern british , the truth is neither resemble the english of yesteryear very much at all . 
  truth is if you want to hear accents that resemble 17th century english you need to go to isolated rural communities and speak with a narrow band of older isolated speakers , since even within these communities the effects of modern travel and media have modernised the accent . 
  for example in the uk you can speak to heavily dialected west country or east anglian folk , in the us there are places like tangier islanders and appalachians , all of which retain some , but not all , of the linguistic features thought to be widely in use in those days . 
  you also have to remember that , just as now , there was n't one way of speaking in the 17th century anyway , in fact there were probably more and stronger dialects around so it 's a rather silly argument . 
  it 's amazing how american nationalism can be demonstrated in any post concerning pizza . 
  it 's like of a microcosm of all the american nationalistic clich\u00e9s . 
  it could have it 's own separate bingo . 
  - pizza was invented in america ( just like the car ), 
  - america took pizza and made it awesome ( just like they did with the entirety of european culture apparently ), 
  - the world looks to america for pizza innovation , most pizza places outside of europe are american style ( just like how the president leads the free world , every good country looks to america as a shining example of how to do things , and how all successful countries became so by copying american society and culture ), 
  - sweetcorn on pizza is an abomination and i 'm very angry the world dares to do something differently than we do ( just like how other countries doing anything differently makes me so angry ), 
  - that pizza looks disgusting , look at these delicious superior american pizzas ( dick waving competition ahoy ! ), 
  - european pizza is bland and homogeneous , we have more diverse types of pizza and therefore we are superior !, 
  ( just like we have more nationalities and ethnicities and are therefore better , but it also means european commie socialism would n't work here ), 
  blur out mouth when saying fucking ?? 
  wtf is this ? 
  protecting lip readers from bad language ? 
  kind forget they 're just normal teenagers , in fact sophie turner grew up about 1 mile away from me and loads of people i knew have run into her around town . 
  what a load of bullshit . 
  marry merry mary ? 
  caught cot ? 
  dew do ? 
  you wo n't get clearer than the queens english , it 's been demonstrated that even american children respond better to an rp accent . 
  furthermore you do a hack job at making it phonetic . 
  nobody says color they say colur . 
  you did n't follow through with the spelling changes ( or should that be thru ) and basically just ruined some perfectly good etymological roots for no good reason . 
  i do n't think you get it . 
  not all - e 's are `` magic - e 's '' that make the vowel into a diphthong . 
  like german many of these - e 's would have been pronounced in middle english by putting an - uh sound at the end . 
  how many times does this crock of shit have to be debunked ... ? 
  that 's not even true . 
  general american also underwent massive changes , to say they are greater than the changes in the average british accent is patently false . 
  this is a myth based of one facet of english which is rhoticity . 
  someone from deepest cornwall and someone from tangier island both have far more in common with early modern english and each other than either a well spoken briton or a midwestern american do by far . 
  make your own fucking language then . 
  there 's loads more though . 
  british english differentiates between the verb license and the noun licence in many words with a similar spelling . 
  british english has more irregular verbs like learnt , spelt and dreamt . 
  british english insists on complete use of the present perfect , a sentence like `` he did n't do it yet '' is considered wrong . 
  british english does n't use the past participle form `` gotten '' for expressing change , `` he has got a nice house '' can mean the same as `` he has a nice house '' or `` he has acquired a nice house '' depending on context . 
  british english normally does n't use - z in the - ize / - ise suffix , so uses realise , stylised and so on . 
  that is n't to mention all the different lexical changes , bin vs trashcan , rubbish vs refuse/trash and so on , the spelling changes like speciality vs specialty . 
  that 's fine when you 're talking about the new world knock off 's , but the original places should n't need qualification . 
  some guy recently said to me `` i want to visit scotland , england '' . 
  needless to say i gave him a talking to lest he be beaten to a bloody pulp by wild scottish hillsmen when he visits . 
  not all words ending in - s are plurals , stop being so literal !, 
  fyi you all sound dutch . 
  i 'm obligated to tell you that oftentimes the normalcy of your accent is ridiculous . 
  the americans . 
  i 'm pretty sure that 's where some of the more nasal phonemes in american english . 
  i also think american english is winning because people do n't bother to change their damn spell checks from default . 
  hell when i was an internet newb i had no idea how to do that and just mindlessly followed the squiggly lines until i learnt better . 
  the irony is that without america , the uk would still be speaking english , although the germans might be speaking a lot more russian as a second language . 
  however without the uk , american definitely would n't be speaking english , but probably french/dutch/german / spanish instead . 
  it 's all part of the plot to introduce first contact . 
  truth is that first contact was made just before ww2 . 
  in the us in the deserts arizona , in germany in the countryside outside of nuremberg and in deepest siberia , when a convoy of alien refugees crash landed on earth having fled an assault by hostile vessels , we believe they 'd time jumped ( essentially opening a portal for instantaneous travel anywhere in the universe ) headed for a remote part of a galaxy to flee the hostile forces . 
  however upon arrival they 'd realised they were critically damaged and headed for the nearest planet able to sustain them that was in possession of the rich minerals they 'd need to repair their vessels . 
  a small backwater planet we call earth , where they expected to find nothing more than non-sentient life and a few million agricultural semi-intelligent life forms who 'd most likely pose no threat to their business there . 
  much to their dismay they found that in the 4000 years since the last survey of the planet was made , these primitives had become a number of industrialised collectives with a total population reaching into the billions . 
  however it was too late to turn back , they aimed to avoid population hubs but were barely able to change course in their damaged machines , their crashing landings attracting the attention of the local population . 
  immediately the local authorities went into a frenzy , claiming the ships and covering up the events , terrified that the unsophisticated populace would riot if they found out the truth .
