  the statistics show that it was those areas with relatively few immigrants but had seen steep increases with the eu that were most pro leave . 
  i think it 's a straight case of nimbyism . 
  the areas that are relatively immigrant free want to keep them that way . 
  4 % of ukipers really do n't understand what their party was about . 
  my country invented the web , came up with the idea for the bomb , is one of the most represented on the periodic table , scores highly in nobel prizes , initiated the industrial revolution which completely changed the world . 
  america blows its own trumpet a bit too hard imo, 
  indeed britain 's reputation is in shreds on the continent right now . 
  we look like a nation of angry childish fools who are living in the past . 
  what 's wrong with that suggestion ? 
  the uk economy has been growing in part due to immigration but public spending has been stifled . 
  no , it 's not remotely . 
  the uk 's prosperity has been increasing , but people are materially worse off . 
  when the decline in conditions correlated with a rise immigration , people naturally assume they are causally related . 
  if you think i `` deserve to be knocked out '' for that then that 's just evidence of what a massive drooling idiot you are . 
  british culture is toxic and bigoted , it breeds the kind of people that think saying some `` deserves to be knocked out '' is normal or acceptable . 
  we 're a nation of fucking troglodytes living on past grandeur . 
  by no means should be listening to these people 's `` concerns '' . 
  do n't worry , dealing with disappointment when you think you 're going to poke but then ca n't for some reason is part of being a man . 
   a good system goes a long way . 
  britain had more territory and more resources than us , but their empire imploded because they refused to share political power with their subjects by granting them the vote . 
  doing so would have made events like the american revolution and the 20th century decolonization movements unnecessary , and the british empire would be the hyperpower today . 
  this is incredibly bad history . 
  as much as colonisation does n't fit our modern ethics , the idea that the british empire was unsustainable purely because britain refused to share power is ridiculous . 
  first off the british did share power with their colonies when they were able to . 
  for example in canada , which had a dominion status was able to have pretty much sovereign control of her internal affairs . 
  britain simply kept a long leash on places like canada and australia in the 20th century because they wanted to rely on their assistance in the case of war . 
  otherwise the value of the colonies was in their role as trading partners , which really is n't terribly effected by a country being given independence , as they will probably remain in your sphere of influence anyway . 
  another example is home rule in ireland . 
  there was a lot of pressure for years for irish home rule . 
  obviously the relationship of the uk to ireland is very different from that of other colonies . 
  however , if ireland had not achieved full independence at the time , the uk government had already accepted that home rule would be the outcome by that stage . 
  the reason why the british did n't want to share power between its colonies is because `` power sharing '' is so often just an intermediate period between having a colony and that colony achieving complete independence . 
  sure , it starts as a well intentioned compromise between two positions , but once that power sharing becomes ingrained , the position it puts those who are meant to share power with the home country allows them to readily break free if they desire to . 
  it 's also worth noting that `` power sharing '' is a far more viable administrative system in the modern age because technology gives us the means for constant communication between the two power sharing parties . 
  in the days of sail power sharing between two parts of the globe would be meaningless , all a colony needs to do is stop following orders from the non-local authority and it 's over . 
  as for the us , and the idea that the us rebelled simply because the british would n't give them representation is a total myth . 
  while the notion of `` no taxation without representation '' was a principle of english legal thought , and it was certainly used as a rallying cry by british-americans who sought independence , the idea that that 's all it came down to is pretty silly . 
  also the idea that britain could 've just given americans representation in parliament and put the matter to bed is wrong . 
  there was no practical solution that would allow americans representation . 
  also the 13 colonies already had a high degree of individual autonomy . 
  the taxes it ultimately came down to were trade taxes , designed to favour british exports . 
  the british did n't want to give that up since they wanted to make money from the colony . 
  the 13 colonies were not a profitable venture at the time , it cost the british a great deal to stop the other colonial powers of the era from sweeping in and taking them . 
  so many americans forget that the reaction to the american revolution was lukewarm at best . 
  half of parliament wanting to show the colonies who is boss and the other half wanting to let america go its own way . 
  in many ways the british still profited from the us colony for many years after it became independent , as it was still able to strongly control trade using canada and the caribbean as its base . 
  the war of 1812 was in part trigger by britain 's aggressive policies towards trade in the americans , and due to the british impressment of us sailors ( britain simply did n't acknowledge that english speaking us residents had ceased to be `` british '' until after that war , which is probably just better seen as a theatre of wider global napoleonic conflict ) . 
  ultimately the british empire broke down because the changes in society , in technology , in the average level of education made it no longer viable . 
  empire 's of such scale simply do n't belong to a modern era . 
  when people gain the ability to politically organise and unite then it becomes fruitless to quash their resistance , as it ultimately just aggravates the conflict and spurs people onto further resistance . 
  the `` us empire '' is a much more effective means of global political influence in the modern age than the model the british empire worked under , because its a method of global control that emerged in the modern era , rather than before it . 
  it 's much easier to allow countries independence , have a huge sphere of influence , and basically just reward them when they do what you want and punish them when they do n't . 
  if they do n't play ball with you then you simply let them be poor , or , if they have something you need , use your sphere of influence to orchestrate a regime change . 
  without a formalised means of control over other nations in your sphere , they have nothing to rebel against . 
   china 's monetary policy distorts gdp by ppp . 
  no , it 's accurate . 
  otherwise i could say that us wealth is distorted by ppp against w. europe . 
  gdp ppp is a more accurate representation of the material wealth of the country , it tell you how much shit all the money in the country could buy . 
  it 's nothing to do with how developed and nice to live there is . 
  yes , but what we are disagreeing on is this . 
   the british empire could have evolved into had a vast network of politically autonomous , free-trading client states linked to britain by shared interest , but the empire could n't accommodate educated indians demanding more political power . 
  in reality , no , they probably could n't have . 
  the mechanisms that allow for a vast network of politically autonomous free trading client states linked by shared interest simply was n't there during the vast majority of the british empire , and around the time it started to be possible was around the time the british empire collapsed , it being already too late to evolve the dynamic to something pleasing to all parties . 
  arguably , what you are describing bears some resemblance to what the commonwealth set out to be . 
  however , `` free trade '' is not a part of that because , the notion that barrier free trade between economies is beneficial has only really been accepted in the last 35ish years . 
  you also have to consider that barrier free trade is only possible when there is regulatory equivalence between nations , which requires some kind of higher authority that pools sovereignty from the individual members . 
  so the idea of an economic union without any political aspect is just fantastical . 
  i 'll also add that the us 's post-war policy toward the empire was generally pretty disruptive . 
  from truman all the way to reagan the us took a staunch policy that promoted the break up of the empire . 
  the suez crisis often being regarded as the point when the empire truly `` fell '' . 
  the us certainly was n't doing anything to help the british empire retain relevance in the post-war period . 
  the british empire collapsed because it was outdated , and therefore unworkable in the modern era . 
  post-war us foreign policy pretty much put the final nail in its coffin . 
  a badly weakened britain in the aftermath of ww2 was unable to maintain its empire without the support of the us , and that was the end of that . 
  we take all our pictures during our annual week of summer *, 
  * * week of summer not guaranteed to occur this year , or any year , nor is there any solid evidence of it ever happening , photos may be heavily edited *, 
  so bad it 's actually entertaining . 
  someone 's butthurt . 
  casual improvised conversation never flows like written language . 
  lol , how do i hate any nation ? 
  all i did here was point out how butthurt you are about these jokes , as evidenced by the fact you 're grasping at straws trying to make fun of his spoken english , transcribing it without punctuation to try to make out like he 's speaking bad english . 
  in reality what he said was, 
  `` the thing about americans that i 've thought , about the language , is that they speak ... ( restarts clause ) ... they say they speak english but they 've had to change it to make them understand it more . '', 
  it 's a perfectly natural english sentence . 
  do you honestly think americans are any better in this regard ? 
  even american politicians rhetoric is littered with hesitation , regionalisms , and constructions that would be deemed non-standard by the standards america claims to adhere to . 
  i 'm not just talking about trump either , although he 's an extreme case what with his `` yuges '' , unfinished sentences , and completely incomprehensible arguments . 
  fact is , you just ca n't take a joke to save your life , and are making yourself look foolish trying to grasp at straws to try to turn it around on the comedian ... unsuccessfully . 
  honestly i think it 's a mentality that 's deeply ingrained in our human society . 
  i think it 's fair to say on the whole that women tend to naturally amass more social support compared to men , why this is , whether it 's social or genetic , i 'm not remotely in a position to say , but i think women are just generally less likely to refuse the interest of another person provided its done within the confines of what they perceive as accept . 
  they worse shooting someone down hard or either gender when they offer them undefined social interest of any sort . 
  men are on the whole much more content with a solid but small network of friends , and a smaller range of acquaintances . 
  lots of men go into trying to initiate a romantic relationship with a woman with the mentality that it 's just clear as crystal what their intentions and feelings are . 
  while women will take the attitude that a man 's intentions are unclear or in doubt until they lay their cards on the table and make them clear . 
  i think it 's an arrogance on behalf of men that often makes them assume that it 's clear the only possible reason they are behaving that way towards a woman is because they are romantically interested in them . 
  however , that 's because often such guys see women solely in terms of their sexual value . 
  meanwhile women interpret interest within the less patriarchal paradigm , and assume a guy who shows interest but does n't make his intentions clear just wants to be friends . 
  sexist guys often assume women are taking advantage in these situations when in fact its them who assume women are entirely aware that guys around them have a sexual/romantic interest and is just taking advantage of this fact, 
  combine this with a society in which a vocal minority of men simply ca n't handle rejection and tend to act spitefully or angrily with women who reject them , it 's simply easier for women to brush off a guy with a maybe than deal with the fall out that occurs when they state they are not interested . 
  you also have to remember that turning someone down unless they explicitly ask it can be turned around and seem arrogant too .
