  fair enough , although i do n't think it really matters here . 
  i am a british eu migrant and remain voter . 
  the fatalistic narrative i 'm trying to dismiss is that it 's `` too late for britain '' in the eu , an opinion that has gained some traction amongst some people . 
  the view that essentially britain has no choice but to hard brexit because the other eu member states are currently sharpening their pitchforks and getting ready for a good ol' time , that they 've turned their back on us and do n't want us in the club , thus making a policy of strong independence from the eu the only course of action available to gain leverage in negotiations . 
  in fact the eu is doing no such thing ( imo at least ) , in fact its bewildered by what britain actually wants , since there was no plan of action , brexit means a million things to a million people , and public opinion is schizophrenic to say the least . 
  however , i think the eu 's priorities going into negotiations will be protecting the integrity of the union , and britain failing to brexit , would be just as much of a strong message to other eurosceptic members as a failure of a brexit . 
  when it comes to a `` failed brexit '' , you 've got two possibilities , a brexit in nothing but name , where britain ends up weakening its political position just to call itself `` outside the eu '' , but remains in many ways tied to it . 
  this sends that message that exiting the eu is too economically harmful to be achieved in a real sense , and that countries that try it will just end up relegating themselves so a politically weaker position to appease the populists if they try . 
  the other option is a brexit that harms the uk economy such that the price of leaving does n't seem worth it to other nations , aka hard brexit . 
  i do n't think the eu are against any of these options , and these are the options britain has . 
  going for a `` bespoke '' deal like ceta is essentially another name for a hard brexit . 
  i think hard brexit will actually be the eu 's least preferable outcome , as it will cause the most ramifications economically to everyone , including themselves . 
  the suggestion that the eu `` does n't want to put with our shit anymore '' or `` wants us gone '' , is the exact opposite of the reality here , and just because some people are angry at britain 's audacity to throw everything into chaos makes no difference to the reality . 
  the more i think about what you 've said here the more wrong i think you are frankly . 
  some questions :, 
  why what legal mandate would the eu rid themselves or relegate the status of the uk as an eu member state if article 50 was n't invoked ? 
  seems to me that there is n't one . 
  why would the eu inflict a hard brexit on the economies of europe and the uk over principle , when the effects of the uk choosing to remain , or the uk soft brexiting , are the same when it comes to protecting their interests ? 
  each signal that attempting to leave the eu is a bad idea and that the costs outweigh the benefits . 
   uk government 's position in the eu has been compromised to such an extent that eu countries do n't want the uk to stay anymore . 
  this is simply untrue . 
  i do n't think the eu is particularly interested in whether the uk stays or goes , what it cares about is protecting its interests , how it does that is secondary , but hard brexit will have the most cost for everyone . 
   having an unstable country which demands special treatment is just no longer something that the eu is willing to deal with . 
  the uk is hardly `` unstable '' , i 'm not really sure what you mean by that . 
  there is no break down of government authority or the rule of law in the uk , and that 's typically what we mean when we call a country `` unstable '' . 
  i guess you mean unstable in its commitment to the eu . 
  frankly , i do n't think the eu gives a damn about what the uk `` wants '' , they care about the trouble it can cause for their interests . 
  when the danger the uk poses within the eu is greater than both its value inside the eu and the danger it poses outside the eu then they wo n't want the uk in the eu . 
  however , i think the uk 's value far exceeds the danger it poses to the eu from within , and nothing poses more of a threat to the eu than britain brexiting and then making a success of it , even if it 's `` fake success '' ( e.g gdp growth at the cost of wealth equality / worker 's rights etc. ) . 
  even if brexit harms the uk for 5-10 years , if the uk ever does manage to achieve a modicum of prosperity again then it will serve as an example of the feasibility of leaving the eu for decades to come , and that 's not something that the eu wants at all . 
  even if the uk regains prosperity with a huge lurch to the right and more american style policy , there will always be people in ambivalent member states like italy pointing and saying we should do that too , the mainstream right wing of many countries would be emboldened by it and become more liable to promote euroscepticism , as the eu exit as a political strategy will be legitimised . 
  this is a very bad long term prospect for the future of the eu , and thus there are many reasons , asides the short term economic knock to the eu brexit would cause , for the eu not to want the uk to leave . 
  the hard brexit is just bad for everyone , the uk and the eu , economically , but the economic impact of brexit on the eu is n't enough to make it unfeasible for the eu , however , the long term ramifications for the union could be a lot worse with hard brexit than any alternative . 
  i 'm actually starting to think it 's part of her strategy . 
  in the coming negotiations i think priorities will look like this . 
  eu position - take action to protect the integrity of the european union . 
  british position - get the best possible deal going for the future economy and please as many voters as possible . 
  if the eu just gives the uk what it wants ( immigration controls , less pooled sovereignty , and opt out of an ever closer union ) alongside single market access it would not be protecting the integrity of * this * european union , as freedom of movement and political unity are its core principles . 
  it would be a dilution of what the eu stands for and an undermining of their political influence . 
  thus the real options from the eu side are :, 
  convince britain to stay with no change to status - makes british government look full of hot air , signals to all member states that an eu exit strategy is non-viable, 
  soft brexit ( uk leaves the eu in little more than name ) - makes british government look weak , signals to everyone that single market access is more valuable than appeasing populists , signals to all members states that an eu strategy is non-viable . 
  hard brexit - makes british government like insane and reckless , signals to everyone that the cost of an eu exit strategy is economically very high . 
  please note that the actual likelihood or viability of each of these options is not at stake here , but theoretically these are what the eu has before it . 
  now the more i think about it the more hard brexit looks like the worst outcome for both the eu and the uk . 
  i think most are aware that economically at least its the worst outcome for the uk , but imo it 's the worst outcome for the eu too , however , not for economic reasons . 
  i 'm not one those fools who spouts off about being the `` 5th biggest economy '' and how germans `` need us to buy their cars '' . 
  that 's ridiculous . 
  in a hard brexit scenario the economic impact to the eu will be vastly less significant than the economic impact to the uk . 
  because of trade deficit with the eu they 'll make a tidy earner off tariffs under wto rules . 
  meanwhile without trade deals uk economy will be up shit 's creek without a paddle . 
  no , the short term economic fallout of a hard brexit is just a minor `` con '' for the eu when it comes to that particular strategy . 
  however , what i was missing before maybe is the long term implications of a hard brexit for the eu . 
  if the uk does hard brexit then the eu will have to punish the uk with tariffs as this will be the only recourse it has to signal to other member states why they must n't follow suit . 
  it will consequently lose out on some business and consequent economic growth but that wo n't be the real problem . 
  the problem is that brexit will inevitably be outwardly signalled as a success , virtually regardless of how harshly it affects the uk economy . 
  why do you ask ? 
  well , basically because if the uk government does go ahead with hard brexit britain will eventually make it work in some sense or the other . 
  it may cause devastation but eventually markets will adapt , new deals will be signed . 
  now , i 'm not saying that this would be a good direction for the country , from an ethical stand point i think it would be a disaster , the uk would probably strip back regulation for business and start selling its arse as cheaply around the us and asian economies as it possibly could . 
  for actual britons is would be dismal in virtually every regard ( worse quality of life , working conditions , economic equality ) . 
  the point is that in 5-10 years the uk would be back to some modicum of stability and prosperity , and the actual cost would be buried as much as possible in changes in the economic system we work within , and this is inevitable . 
  even if in 5-10 years time the uk economy is worse than it would 've been had it remained , nobody will care , because this is a counterfactual , and people do n't care about counterfactual `` what if '' scenarios . 
  even if the data is strongly suggestive of it ordinary people will brush it off with a `` yeah , and if my grandma had wheels she 'd be a bike '' mentality . 
  furthermore the eu 's ability restrict the uk economy ( i do n't like the terms `` punish '' or `` harm '' because it makes it sound like actively sabotaging us , when really they 're just withholding rights which are entirely theirs to give or take away ) is limited . 
  in a sense for every 5 `` points '' of damage they deal the uk , they are taking one themselves . 
  it 's still better for them for market nearby to be strong and trading with them . 
  so there is ultimately a limit to how bad the eu can afford to restrict the uk . 
  additionally the longer this goes on the more they lose out . 
  if in 5-10 years time trade is still restricted between the uk and the eu , and no ceta like deal has been signed with the eu , then the uk will simply adapt to be more efficient under these market conditions and the impact restricted eu trade will become less apparent , meaning diminishing returns on the eu 's ability to signal that an eu exit strategy is economically harmful . 
  furthermore , over the course of such a long time frame , even taking minor economic starts to build up and become more a problem for the eu , at some point they 'll be denying themselves trade and economic growth for virtually no return . 
  so eventually the eu will have to give up on the restrictions and simply sign a deal with the uk , even if the deal is nowhere near as free as single market access is and is more similar to ceta , even if the deal is n't even a good deal . 
  it 's simply not worth keeping the whole thing going beyond a certain point . 
  the point is that long term the uk may well end coming out of this in sense looking like a victor , and the reality does n't really matter . 
  in 10 years time when we 've all got over this political nightmare and everything feels certain and normal again , the uk will just end up looking like a country doing its thing and surviving having exited the eu . 
  even if it leads us into a lurch to the right and loss for society , it wo n't matter that much . 
  in fact that will probably just fuel right wing parties in eu countries to hold up the uk as a success story ( regardless of the truth ) . 
  the act of leaving the eu will be at some level legitimised whether the eu likes it or not , and brexit will be testament to the reality that eu exit is possible , even if it really hurts . 
  another thing to be considered is the notion of martyrdom . 
  if the uk hard brexits then the eu has no choice to restrict the uk by ending single market access when the 2 years is up . 
  at this point i think mrs may is ready to fly the martyr flag as high as possible , after all `` she was just enacting the democratic will of her people '' , and this democratic mandate can be used to stoke the fires of populism in the eu and garner favour in other parts of the world . 
  they 'll be doing their best to try to make the eu look bad by blaming them for economic problems in the uk and present them as undemocratic for not making it easier for the uk to leave . 
  if she succeeds then the eu will get bad press once the images of impoverished britons and job losses are shown on the tv sufficiently , and then the eu will feel pressure to start working towards a deal with the uk . 
  so my assessment that for the long term integrity of the eu a hard brexit is the worst outcome , simply because it will set a precedent for leaving the eu that inevitably be used against them regardless of the actual reality . 
  in the period after hard brexit , the state of the country will be painted by uk government first as the fault of the eu , and then as a success , and eurosceptic voices , those who oppose the eu , and in fact anyone with an agenda it can serve will call it a success regardless . 
  consequently i think mrs may does not actually support a hard brexit scenario . 
  she knows that it will ultimately terrible for the uk . 
  however , it is her strongest weapon to threaten the eu with , as it actually poses the most real threat to their long term interests and the future of the union than either soft brexit or remain . 
  if we go hard brexit then in a sense we 're going to be in an ideological war with the eu for the next god knows how many years . 
  the uk will be trying to present itself as succeeding and the eu will try to present it as floundering . 
  the uk may well cause more trouble for the eu outside of it than inside of it . 
  it is in a sense the exact opposite of that quote from `` yes , minister '' about why the uk joined the eu in the first place . 
  i think mrs may 's real goal is soft brexit , but soft brexit with as many caveats and allowances as possible . 
  whether this includes restricting freedom of movement , is a question , although i do n't see the eu budging on this issue . 
  luckily for mrs. may , she is n't really anti-immigration . 
  no tories are truly anti-immigration because they know how much economic growth it brings the country annually . 
  they just want to appear anti-immigration to gain the populist vote that comes with it . 
  the real issues are access to the single market and financial passporting . 
  i think the real outcome she 's looking for is an eea style deal that retains these things , and throws her a few bones to hold up before the more hardcore leave crowd , such as surge controls on immigration and exemptions from some aspects of eu legislation . 
  this would allow her to champion brexit as a victory and walk away without a spot of shit on her .
