  that was truly hammer !, 
  even if he had he had to pay care he 'd have a hard time selling meth , he 'd have to sell amphetamine sulphate for 5 quid a gram to teenagers who ca n't afford cocaine yet . 
  `` at least '' is a tough phrase in english . 
  2nd language speakers will say things like `` at least he 's seriously injured '' without a hint of sarcasm thinking it means something like `` at best '' . 
  nah , he 's that guy in the cartoons that fought the romans . 
   countery, 
  you just proved them right . 
  britain never lose a war against germany . 
  you 're on crack . 
  people are bitching about russia ? 
  marlboro is as american as apple pie . 
  named after a street in london , which had been named after a british duke , whose dukedom got the name of a small village in rural england , where phillip morris happened to have their factory . 
  then again apple pie is n't american either , it 's a northern european staple that the colonists took to the colonies with them , so that makes sense . 
  because they 're not in america ? 
  seems quite popular amongst other chefs and hardcore old school foodies , i think his lack of popular appeal is a part of that . 
  he is classically trained and has run some of the world 's best restaurants . 
  he comes from the old school of british chefs who were so often terrifying psycho cunts who ran their kitchens like armies trying to ensure the highest possible standard . 
  once upon i worked in kitchens are it 's surprising now many are really male dominated brutal workplaces where torrents of abuse , threats of violence , and the occasional hazardous projectile were completely normal events . 
  lots of ex-cons , illegal stimulants , insanely long working hours , and casual misogyny . 
  ca n't say i miss it but as a managing strategy designed to get people to do their job right i 'd put it up there as one of the more effective i 've experienced . 
  yep , experiencing the legal system is punishment enough in many cases . 
  especially as your court date will likely be months away and you 'll spend that time constantly worrying about what might happen even if it 's a guaranteed dismissal . 
  the green area is durham , northumbria , and tyne and wear fyi, 
   everything was richer in taste, 
  this is a common complaint of americans and sadly the product of being raised on salt rich , msg rich , saturated fat rich food smothered in cheese and meat that 's been treated with and fed all sorts of crap to try to `` enhance '' the flavour . 
  it 's like slathering every meal you eat with hp sauce and then complaining that your tomato risotto does n't have enough kick . 
  we miss them . 
  you on the otherhand we 'd be happy dropping in the middle of mongolia without a passport or a scrap of cloth on your back your small minded bigoted little cunt . 
  do n't find that at all . 
  what i do find however is that english culture involves making choices that will exclude you from various social circles . 
  you 've got your toffs , your traditional middle class , your cosmopolitan middle class , your respectable working class , your do n't give a fuck working class etc. 
  people are highly unwilling to accept you into their inner circle unless your match their group . 
  swear i 've seen old us tv shows referring gps . 
  a mixture of that , and the fact that lancashire has always been a stronghold of `` british catholics '' who never reformed and were typically sympathetic with and married into the irish gentry pre-independence . 
  if she was 21 in this then she 's 51 now : /, 
  one day the word brexit will be pass\u00e9 . 
  whatever resolution comes from this , my guess either a trade deal with the eu in which the uk sacrifices most of its perks to retain some partial access to the single market and not much changes , or britain goes fully out and has managed to claw back some kind of economic standing in the world i expect . 
  however , you ca n't expect brexit to stop dominating discussing british politics while it 's still the single most pressing question in britain 's political future . 
  when brexit stops being relevant , it will stop dominating the discourse . 
  one of things that really pissed me off after the referendum was seeing leavers saying things like `` ok , it 's over , leave won , can everyone stfu about it now '' on social media , as if they had just doomed us to 5 more years of that stupid portmanteau being plastered over every newspapers and spewing from the mouths of every newsreader . 
  fucking circumcised americans and their need for lube . 
  kneelers the lot of them . 
  we do not cut . 
  yes very sensitive . 
  would n't it be great if it was protected by some folds of skin until you needed it for sex ... 
  yeah , the rules of speaking `` posh '' are generally quite counter-intuitive . 
  middle class overreachers would try to pepper their speech with longer words , typically of latin or french origin , thinking that 's how posh people spoke but this would mark you as a social climber . 
  same goes for pronouncing foreign words with their native pronunciation rather than anglicising them . 
  showing off your knowledge of a foreign language was always considered bad form . 
  for a long time the middle class saw literacy as something to be proud of , and would therefore hypercorrect the pronunciation of many words to something more reflective of the spelling . 
  in posh speech `` ate '' rhymes with `` pet '' rather than `` mate '' , but the `` mate '' pronunciation has gained so much traction that it 's practically ubiquitous these days . 
  ah yes , love this photo because it perfectly captures the 1960s / 1970s notion of `` opulence '' . 
  over dressed people with stiff collars surrounded by decor with an abundance of vomit green and neon orange faced with an array of easily spoilable strongly favoured smelly food in the claustrophobic closed climate of an aeroplane . 
  itchy acrylic fabrics , garish colours , salmon sitting out on the side slowly decaying at room temperature for the whole flight , quirky pointless contrivances added to everything to give the impression of having `` all mod cons '' . 
  the `` standards '' of a bygone era ungracefully shoehorned into what was , for the time , a novel and glamorous setting . 
  of course , this is a promotional picture , but if this were real you know there would also be a thin mist of stale cigarette smoke fogging the cabin turning the white plastic on the walls slightly yellow . 
  also got to remember that deodorant for men was n't really a thing either , or at least it was n't popular , so there probably would have been the constant hint of bo that they 'd attempted to mask with cologne in the air too . 
  really it 's no surprise that a huge number of people in those days were functional alcoholics who were reaching for the hard stuff by lunchtime in the office ; it 's the only way they could put up with this shit . 
  i know that it 's fun to glamorise that era , what , with all the iconic fashion and radical cultural change that occurred at the time , but what we see through media is , by all accounts , a sanitised version of it . 
  if we 're presented with negatives about that time it 's the big social issues , the misogyny ( back when feminists had more tangible problems than just `` muh patriarchy '' ) , the racism ( black people being called `` darkies '' or `` boy '' ) , and the nepotism ( people who could n't tie their own shoelaces being given senior positions simply because they went to the right school or university ) , however , very rarely do we get a glimpse at the more mundane and less glamorous shortcomings of that era e.g. 
  the poor personal hygiene , the nicotine stained walls , teeth , and fingers , the so often poor quality food , the itchy poorly fitting clothes , the horrible bathroom facilities , how everyone used to litter , the stinking cans of refuse left on the street for weeks to rot etc. 
  some millennials may think they were born in the wrong generation and some weird fetish for the era of `` good music '' , but i think if they really did go back in time to those days they 'd soon want to come back . 
  we have n't even touched on what it was like to be poor back then ; the drugs , the crime , the `` hippies '' who would get you high then steal your shit to get a fix and then call you a `` square '' or a `` narc '' for complaining about it , the neighbours that would call the police if they smelled weed coming from your apartment and the corrupt knuckle dragging cops who would actually come and arrest you for it , the graffiti everywhere , the waft of stinking rancid humanity that would hit you whenever you got on public transport , the poor quality buildings and slum landlords . 
  it was an era of both naivety and the rampant exploitation of that naivety . 
  there 's so much we take for granted these days . 
  for example , you can just throw on some jeans and a t-shirt , head out so pretty much any restaurant and be eating 30 minutes after leaving the house , there 's so much choice and diversity too , chinese , ramen , pizza , whatever you want . 
  for most people in those days that simply was n't the case . 
  want to eat in a restaurant ? 
  better make a booking and make an effort dress correctly or people would be so horrified you might even be asked to leave . 
  need toilet paper on a sunday evening ? 
  no big deal , just head down to the local late night convenience store , right ? 
  not in those days , you missed your opportunity now you can either hold until monday morning or use newspaper like many people had to . 
  on your lunch break and fancy a sandwich ? 
  oh look , the one sandwich shop in town is closed for lunch ... want a drink with your sandwich ? 
  sorry , we 're a sandwich shop , we only sell sandwiches . 
  need to buy a bunch of different things ? 
  have fun driving to 8 different locations all with different opening hours to get what you need , each time having to go through a gatekeeping shop clerk to find it rather than simply grabbing it off the shelf . 
  we might complain that the modern era is soulless , overly commercialised , and superficial ; that public space is no longer `` public '' , that people do n't interact with each other like they used to , locked into their private world of social media defined friendship circles , but this ignores how far we 've come in other regards . 
  we can mourn the collective loss of innocence but we should n't forget horrible things that were abundant in the past we 've managed to socially engineer out of society . 
  haha fair enough , i was just using those things as examples of how life was different . 
  as for the weed , people did n't mind their own business in the same way as they do today . 
  people were n't afraid of each other in the same way as they are today though , which has both positive and negative consequences . 
  as for subway , people in that era could n't imagine such a thing , eating on the go was considered a very trashy thing to do by respectable sorts . 
  since the 60s there 's been a sort of constant social engineering aimed at making people behave differently , strong social taboos around certain things have been put in place through media conditioning , there 's much more of a clear prescriptive delineation between our public and private selves , including what is accepting in the public sphere e.g the workplace . 
  sound quality needs some work on this video . 
  i watched the whole video anyway . 
  the rest is still slightly off , kinda buzzy , but yeah that effect at the beginning probably is n't a smart way to start as people will assume the whole video is like that . 
  yeah , it does in lots of working class dialects and in toffy accents too . 
  you 're wrong . 
  must be you . 
  i literally just repeated what you said . 
  glad to know that you know better than hundreds of thousands of years of evolution . 
  the mental backflips you 're doing to justify it are pretty impressive . 
  cool guys say `` cuck '' for sure . 
  male circumcision was literally introduced in the us to prevent masturbation , what they saw as sexually degenerate behaviour ... tell me more about how it does n't affect anything . 
  americans are fucking weird when it comes to dogs . 
  policemen shooting harmless dogs just for approaching them on private property . 
  strictest leash laws in the world not allowing unleashed dogs even in wide open spaces giving rise to the concept of a `` dog park '' ( aka a park in most of the rest of the world ) . 
  people think it 's `` gross '' to have a dog in a restaurant like it 's mere presence were befouling the food . 
  funny how some segment of americans are probably fine with neighbours having guns , even without mental health checks , but shit themselves when somebody else 's dog approaches .
