  a layered global political system , whereby domestic issues are dealt with at a regional level but issues that affect larger areas are dealt with at the relative level of authority , we can far more effectively deal with problems of modern capitalism e.g. 
  environmental damage , 3rd world poverty , overpopulation etc. 
  if we can pull places like china , india and africa into the developed world it 's much more likely that their population growth rates will slow down to something more analogous to those in the developed world . 
  educated people with a stake in modern society just do n't breed as much as rural peasant farmers . 
  currently the third world is a bit of nightmare because population growth outstrips development meaning instead of fixing the problem you just make it bigger . 
  at its core this is one of the reason britain looks so stupid leaving the eu , because they 're going against the tide of what is clearly the future for planet earth . 
  that said , there are inevitably going to be a huge number of growing pains before we as a species can pull ourselves together and start working on the task of designing a system that can feed everybody , educate everybody , keep everybody at an acceptable level of wealth and comfort etc. 
  clearly , the 21st century will be the century of a kind of communist / capitalist synthesis whereby economic instruments and free market principles are employed by political powers with the teleological goal of achieving collectivist ends . 
  if you think about it , it 's something we can not avoid . 
  we must make the global economy an efficient and harmonious ecosystem that maximises abundance for everyone , not just developed nations . 
  we must put humanities collective ability to good use to assure the survival of the species . 
  we must use the planets resources efficiently and sustainably to avoid ecological catastrophe . 
  we should fight to create a world that recognises the dignity of every human being , giving them both personal liberty and seeing that their material needs are provided for . 
  we can only make the economic system of self-interest work to those ends with some kind of overarching authority . 
  ultimately the goal must be fully automated luxury communism , a society in which money has lost significance , not because a communist authority says it 's not permitted or ideological wrong , but because there 's so much abundance that people do n't actually need money if they do n't want it . 
  with the human race working loosely together we could finally put our minds to cooler things , like colonising space . 
  what does that have to do with anything i said ? 
  my point is that white people can be offended by someone asking where they 're from or saying they do n't look like where they 're from . 
  they can be insinuating something . 
  americans might love to drone on about their czech grandmother and their italian great-granddad , because it 's all just `` european '' to them . 
  but in europe it can still be quite offensive to question someone 's status as an ethnic national . 
  `` public transport ... ??? 
  he focusses on being articulate . 
   the reason you come to university is to be educated is there is nothing more powerful than someone who is articulate . 
   your highest skill is to be found in articulated speech, 
   if you 're a master at formulating your answers you win everything, 
   something proximating the logos , it means you shine a light on the whole world . 
  the thing is though if you go back to the start of academic history it pretty much was a direct opposition to the `` sophist schools '' who did nothing but focus on rhetoric and being articulate to convince people with the best sounding arguments that did n't actually have any objective merit . 
  also the logos is nothing to do with rhetoric . 
  the logos is at its core to do with logic and reason . 
  i just think it 's a bit ironic that he 's claiming that this is the purpose of university when obviously historically academic institutions are always aimed and being more than just schools that churn out highly convincing people able to wield political influence , but also to discern truth from empty rhetoric . 
   yes but as different countries both forms are considered standard depending on where you live , as they are widely accepted as the norm . 
  patois typically refers to a dialect in a region that is not the standard form used by the rest of the country , or just a form most consider nonstandard . 
  this is why the term is often used english forms in the caribbean . 
  do you get the point that i 'm trying to be offensive ? 
  i 'm calling american english a patois in a deliberately attempt to offend americans that criticise british english right ? 
  that 's how this conversation came about . 
   also , what kind of discomfort and resentment about our history do you mean ? 
  here in the states people actually seem to be a little too attached to their european heritage , and it is commonly acknowledged that the population has migrated from various regions of the world, 
  1 ) americans resent being labelled a colony , it makes them think their national heritage is being diminished . 
  in fact , many americans hate being compared to anyone , which is why arguments like `` we should copy finland 's education system '' have so little force there . 
  they like to see themselves as a unique and complete whole that exceeded its historical position and can not be thought about in anything other than unique terms that pertain to itself . 
  it rustles their jimmies , thus they resent it . 
  it 's a national pastime in britain to wind up yanks by talking about them as still being nothing but a wayward british colony that 's got a bit big for its boots , to which they protest that america is so much more . 
  2 ) america is obvious uncomfortable with its history as virtually the entirety of american politics suggests . 
  ask a redneck conservative trump fan if a america is primarily a caucasian ( see ethnically european ) nation and you 'll get a resounding yes . 
  ask a progressive liberal the same question as they 'll try and paint us as being ( or needing to become ) a completely multi-ethnic nation with no ethnic basis at all . 
  let 's not forget slavery and civil right and how much its history still dominates american history and race relations . 
  some people embrace the melting pot , some do n't , and if you look back to the us 's history ( not the white washed school version ) you 'll find the whole `` america was founded as beautiful melting pot where nationality and ethnicity did n't matter '' is pretty much bullshit . 
  far more `` gangs of new york '' than `` give me your tired , your poor , your huddled masses yearning to breathe free '', 
   here in the states people actually seem to be a little too attached to their european heritage , and it is commonly acknowledged that the population has migrated from various regions of the world, 
  yes , for all the patriotic showboating america is still coming to terms with how it relates to concepts like ethnicity . 
  as `` american '' is n't really seen as an ethnicity , and americans often obsess over their genealogy and ethnic heritage in a way that is bewildering to europeans . 
  probably a legacy of the significance ethnicity had in american culture in the past ( as back in america 's earlier history your genealogy defined your social status ) . 
  also it 's a clearly politicised issue . 
  far right conservatives telling people america is a primarily white european christian nation with a single language , english , and progressive thinkers painting the us as a completely multi-cultural identity that is made richer by diversity and as such any idea of special connection with the nations of europe is unjustified . 
  being offensive is all in the delivery . 
  if you tell an american :, 
  `` american english is a colonial patois '' devoid of emotional content . 
  they 'll probably just say that 1 . 
  america is n't a colony 2 . 
  american english is n't a patois . 
  if you say `` learn to speak english instead of that disgusting colonial patois you bloody savage '' they 'll get the message xd and it seems a fair response to any american who tells a british person to speak english properly . 
  this is art !, 
  to be fair traditionally britain has been liberal . 
  there 's a different between liberalism , and left wing economic policy . 
  i mean this is the country that made a law in like 1701 that any slave who trod on english soil was automatically freeman on the basis that the air in england so pure that anyone who was n't a freeman could n't actually breath it . 
  economically pro-capitalist but socially liberal has always been a trend in uk politics . 
  that 's my fetish !, 
   i ca n't watch something like the king 's speech without the subtitles on . 
  lol where everyone is literally talking rp english as you 'll find in annotated in a dictionary ? 
  never known any yanks have trouble with that kind of accent as it 's the british accent that gets the lion 's share of exposure . 
  [ this one in the centre of munich might 've been a little bit inappropriate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jr5mmavapbw ), 
  i feel like tvtropes is to smug superiority complex nerds as edgy scandinavian folk-pop is to hipsters . 
  also who the fuck though trope was necessary as an everyday word ? 
  using it literally drops your appeal as a person to hang out with by 10 points in one go . 
  not laughing at you , just think of all the british things you 'd struggle with that 's an unlikely one . 
  studies have shown even american children respond well to the rp voice for some reason . 
  so generic southern posh accent then . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rjqimlfcjsm ), 
  the reality is that the romans played it smart and we 'll play it smart . 
  fact is that a few hundred deaths a year is n't enough to even flap the government , which is worrying . 
  it 's all relative you muppet . 
  if you 're using canadian or russian standards france is `` close '' to poland , but it 's still inaccurate to call them `` close '' . 
  not at all really . 
  uk has both posh pubs and `` dive pubs '' ( although we do n't call them that ) , and swanky bars and dive bars . 
  it 's hard to put your finger on exactly what defines a pub but the difference to us is as clear as night and day , or perhaps a better analogy might be the difference between proper chips and french fries . 
  they are both full of potatoey goodness ( booze ) and they can both be either tasty or greasy , but you know which one you are eating . 
  some points to help you tell the difference . 
  - pubs follow the traditional pub tradition . 
  pub means `` public house '' , thus a pub is more like a house or inn than typical bar . 
  that means it 's normally a stand alone building with windows for natural light ( dirt can be used to create mood lighting ) . 
  it 's definitely not underground and usually not cramped between other buildings ( exceptions can be made in bigger cities where space is a factor ) . 
  - pubs sell traditional pub food and drink , that means real ale , larger , long drinks ( for the women ) . 
  if you order wine as a man prepare to be eyed suspiciously or even mocked for it : there will be two types ; red and white . 
  they will both taste like tramp wine . 
  packets of crisps , pork scratchings , and little packet of nuts are a must . 
  ( warning : nuts should not be in a bowl for free at the bar , that 's imported american bar culture not pub culture , we pay for our nuts ) . 
  real food does not have to be available , but if it is it must always be mostly traditionally . 
  sure there are pubs that will sell you a burger and chips , but really it should mostly traditional english stuff like fish and chips , steak and kidney pie , shepherd 's pie ( with lamb not beef ofc ) .
