  what they are doing is criminal . 
  frankly . 
  i do n't respect the notion that they have an inherent right to travel at all , i think they 're fucking up their kid 's futures terribly by choosing an itinerant lifestyle , and perpetuating a cycle of poverty and criminality . 
  therefore no special permissions should be allowed them just because they claim `` travelling '' to be their culture . 
  if childless couples , or people with adult children , and a stable legal income want to live in caravans and move from place to place , all the while keeping a po box or friend 's address as their point of contact for official government business then all the more power to them . 
  that is within the laws of the land . 
  if families with children want to live in caravans at a reasonably stable address so their kids can attend school with some sense of stability in their lives then that 's fine too . 
  if families claim it 's their right to move around living wherever they please in caravans while their children miss their education and endure poverty just because it 's what their ancestors did then fuck them . 
  their kids should be put in care and their parents should be arrested for neglect and tax evasion . 
  just because their ancestors lived a certain way does n't entitle them to do so . 
  obviously many traveller families are eligible for priority council housing on account of their children , but turn it down because they claim travelling to be their `` culture '' . 
  claiming immobile housing to be `` dirty '' . 
  well i think their claim that it 's `` culture '' is bullshit , and pandering to them is the wrong thing to do . 
  just because your parents were thieves does n't entitle anyone to claim theft is their `` culture '' , just because your community holds a belief that immobile housing is `` dirty '' does mean it 's true . 
  i think you 're the playing dumb when you fail to acknowledge that a large segment of the travelling community are criminals who neglect their children in the name of their `` culture '' . 
  even the idea that they are an ethnicity is a push , i 'd challenge you to find any significant genetic difference between an `` irish traveller '' and a regular irish/british person . 
  at best i 'd call it a culture , and a culture that should fit into the framework of british society just as every other culture in britain is expected to , and i think that 's how the government thinks about it too . 
  travellers do n't get trouble when they legally acquire the land they 're staying on , ensure their kids meet the legally required level of school attendance a year , and do n't drive brand new bmws around their lots while they claim to be earning less than the amount that would qualify them for income tax . 
  provided they commit no other crimes then the system should and mostly does protect them , any failure to do so should be treated harshly . 
  however , whilst so many fail to meet these criteria you can not expect the government to treat the ones who fail to do nicely , and nor can you expect the average person to hold that community in high opinion . 
  there are too many knee jerk progressives jumping onto the notion that being a traveller is just the same as being gay or somalian , in other words that they 're just another persecuted minority . 
  imo this is utter bullshit . 
  being a traveller may have an ethnic component i.e being the progeny of other travelling peoples , but the rest of it is how you live your life . 
  there is a legal way to live a travelling lifestyle and an illegal way . 
  those who live it the legal way should be protected as any other minority , those who do n't should n't be cut any slack merely on account of their being a traveller . 
  it 's foolish to deny that large number of travellers find themselves to be `` persecuted '' because they 're breaking the law in some fashion or the other . 
  ultimately , discriminating against a traveller purely on a account of their being genetically a traveller is bad , expecting them to follow the same laws as anyone else is not . 
  as for incidences of travellers being denied services , such as wedding reception venues , purely because they 're travellers , it is very bad that it goes on , but the idea that it 's caution with no basis in reality is fantasy , consequently , i think if it can be shown that travellers were discriminated against then they should be punished , but it should not be treated the same as if someone denied someone services on the basis of their ethnicity or sexuality . 
  the video is somewhere in this thread . 
  apparently they really do expect 30-50 year old people to share rooms and spend 13 hours a day attending various social events and opportunities to network . 
  tedx literally chooses the pairs so to maximise the potential . 
  sounds like tedx is one of those super hyped up california based companies that 's disappeared right up its own ass and forgotten normal people exist . 
  sorry , i though you were a dude , those eyebrows at very misleading on someone that age . 
  you look much better these days . 
  where do i condone discriminating against minorities ? 
  you must be an idiot . 
  no i did n't . 
  also travellers do n't want jobs , they do n't want housing , they do n't want anything the government offers them besides cash . 
  it is not part of their culture to work for non-travellers or stay still long enough to do so . 
  the best way to help travellers is to make sure they can access services on a level playing field , i.e making it illegal to put a sign in your window saying `` no pikies '' . 
  which actually is illegal . 
  then the next best thing we can do is make sure they are held to account to the law in the same way any other person in the uk is held to account . 
  doing anything else is just enabling the cycle of poverty and deprivation . 
  furthermore the ethnicity argument is laughable . 
  what you linked there basically just says that due to interbreeding amongst traveller families , irish travellers do show some distinct genetic markers . 
  in other words , they 're claiming to be an ethnicity based on having bred with each other in their community and not breeding with outsiders . 
  on the same basis you pay as well claim most villages in norfolk are distinct ethnicity or that people descended from the royal families of europe are a distinct ethnicity . 
  fact is , if it was n't for the accents , behaviour and the clothing nobody would even know they were travellers , it 's not remotely the same as being black or asian . 
   meanwhile in ireland guys randomly look incredibly asian for absolutely no known reason . 
  it 's meant to occur in wales quite a lot too . 
  citation needed . 
  all i 've heard about is the propensity of welsh and irish people to be dark haired , brown eyed , and slightly tan i.e look mediterranean . 
  for example , catherine zeta jones could pass for spanish or italian , but her parents were welsh and irish . 
  never heard of any irish or welsh people `` looking asian '' . 
  i think it 's more to do that with the fact that more northerly region were more inhabitable in europe due to that sweet transatlantic drift making them more temperature , whereas the same latitudes farther inland had harsher climates . 
  another consequence of the temperate climate in northern europe is a large amount of cloud cover , reducing light levels throughout the year even further . 
  it probably is media , however those two groups lack many of the qualities that are selected for . 
  i mean , there 's a strong weighting in sexual selection for height , while asian men are on average some of the shortest as an ethnicity . 
  arguably both these groups were outside the process of sexual selection that emphasised various traits . 
  then when people of these ethnicities were introduced to other cultures they are disadvantaged by it . 
  maybe they actually had asian ancestry ? 
  eyes like that are n't unheard of in places like england and germany either . 
  sometimes it 's just a random genetic thing with no obvious explanation , and sometimes it 's evidence of a diverse genetic heritage , the actor [ stephen graham ] ( http://www.hotflick.net/flicks/2005_pit_fighter/005pfg_stephen_graham_003.jpg ) for example as quite asian looking eyes but actually has a jamaican grandfather . 
  it 's [ also common ] ( https://qph.ec.quoracdn.net/main-qimg-0b44fe71318d5f6427e68136e41e477d?convert_to_webp=true ) amongst slavic and nordic people , traits left over from the earlier more asiatic inhabitants of those lands and their connections to the east . 
  most people are shocked that in eastern russia the people look very asian . 
  that 's a moronic statement . 
  nobody said that anyone would `` lose the ability to travel '' , just that it would be much harder . 
  many of us did . 
  germany is full of young britons , most of them highly educated with at least a ba or greater . 
  between the brits and yanks parts of berlin are becoming super anglicised , to the point where locals complain that english , rather than german , is the preferred language . 
  you 're definitely right about the older generation wanting to go back to the past . 
  many of them remember the says when `` foreign '' was synonymous with `` inferior '' . 
  this has to be a joke right ? 
  agriculture is a tiny and insignificant part of the eu economy . 
  the farmers might be richer , but everyone else will be poorer , which is a shitty outcome . 
  ok , so first thing you need to realise is that farmers are not on the bottom of the ladder . 
  the people we 're talking about are land owners , business owners and employers , that puts them miles higher on the rung than unskilled labourers . 
  what you 're failing to see is how the economy is incredibly intertwined . 
  you ca n't see loses in one area without everyone being affected . 
  you may not care about `` europe business and other all the other stock market crap '' , but that 's not going to stop that stuff impacting you . 
  all that crap impacts how much money companies can afford to borrow , and how much the banks can afford to lend . 
  this has huge impact on businesses ' behaviour . 
  without it they will lay off people or fail to create new jobs , meaning higher unemployment . 
  the thing is that majority of `` little guys '' in the uk , are not employed by farmers , but by businesses that depend on a strong economy and tariff free trade with europe to be profitable . 
  the little guy is going to be most affected by a brexit . 
  it 's also worth noting that there 's no guarantee that farmers will profit from brexit . 
  immediately after the result farmers were complaining that without eu labour they wo n't have workers . 
  nor do they have the money to raise wages significantly enough to incestivise brits to do those jobs . 
  so they 're screwed . 
  they also know full well that even if britain loosened the laws about things like pesticides and fertilisers , they still wo n't be able to export that food to europe due to their laws being the same or similar to our current laws . 
  you do realise that a large segment of the british farming community were against brexit ? 
  do you really think auschwitz is a pokegym ? 
  sadly i know plenty of older folk who decided to vote leave simply because `` a fisherman told them to '' on the tele . 
  my elderly `` aunt '' ( no blood relation ) summed it up when she admitted she had no idea what the eu actually did , but figured british people could do it better . 
  the explanation that that being in a trading bloc is n't something britain could do by itself was lost on her . 
  ultimately when she gave up trying to understand the issues she voted leave in her words `` to help british farmers and fishermen . '', 
  that 's just one country in the eu , plenty of young people have chosen to move to eu countries , and even more have taken opportunities there during the free movement period even if they 're not still there now . 
  soon as they said norwegian court i was like damn that 's an empty threat . 
  lots of people work under the illusion there is a legal framework for international civil problems . 
  there is not .
