  this is the most depressing shit ever . 
  what the hell is left to stop this madness . 
  seems the country i loved is going to be dominated by the worst aspects of our culture from now on . 
  ultimately this is a win for `` us first '' - ism and the twats who want to be more like the usa . 
  it 's awful but i use this to get out of trouble some times . 
  i learnt the hard way though . 
  got caught riding the tram without a valid ticket , the irony way that i had a ticket i 'd just forgotten to validate it on the way in . 
  so naturally i start arguing , complaining that the time stamp showed that i 'd just bought it and it was just a mistake and it to let it go just this one time . 
  they were having none of it and made me pay the fine . 
  next time i had n't even bought a ticket , the guy asks me for it and i say in english `` i 'm so sorry i could n't find the ticket machine at the stations '' , in full knowledge that there was a ticket machine inside the tram . 
  the guy just goes , in broken english `` you are meant to use the machine there '' , and i just go `` oh i 'm so sorry can i buy one ? '', 
  and he 's like `` fine but do n't do it again '' . 
  crazy how much the dumb tourist thing will work . 
  yes , i have noticed , was quite glad , the train journeys in the dark always feel like they take longer on account of having nothing to look at out of the window while listening to music . 
  the eu had no say in the city of london , financial regulation was always a sore issue precisely because the eu could n't force countries to regulate how they wanted . 
  outside of the eu having a city of london across the channel does n't matter at all , all they need to do is write a law restricting the degree to which eu states and london can do business . 
  you do realise that financial services do n't care about physical location right ? 
  bank transfers do n't actually ship via uk ports . 
  that 's all that may 's speech was about . 
  `` the country is fucked but we 're going to turn it into a winner for business and finance regardless , as we 've now got the power to implement whatever pro-business policy we want . '', 
  the losers are of course the british public . 
  paul nuttall of the ukips *, 
  ok , i know this is weird as fuck because of the sexual aspect , but i some ways it seems like that 's probably kind of laugh . 
  i mean wrestling is quite fun but having to do it with some sweaty bloke who probably takes wrestling really seriously is unappealing . 
  the guys get some company and to engage in activity , who cares if some of them go home and get off on it . 
  fair enough to be honest , if that 's what they like that 's what they like , there 's no shame in it . 
  sure , i would n't pay # 150 per hour to do it , that 's kinda the weird part , but fair enough . 
  if your prisons are so shit that prisoners can escape simply because they have access to maps of the layout , you need better fucking prisons . 
  that 's the one, 
  no , very people on the continent are thinking that because 99 % of what eurosceptics are pissed off about is n't anything to do with the eu , and britain 's leaving just stands as warning to what happens when you get let stupid go unchecked . 
  that said , i think you 'll see some constitutional reform in the eu to make it more obviously democratic , as the willingness of politically illiterate people to believe the eu to be undemocratic is probably the most serious weak spot that can be attacked by the eurosceptic agenda and also the easiest to change . 
  nationalising poundland will be the tory government 's solution to the 2022 fuel and food shortage . 
  which is why i said `` more obviously democratic '' and not `` more democratic '' . 
  it 's not good being democratic when populists can convince people that 's not the case . 
  if we see reform it will be in how the commission is appointed so that the it 's not only democratic , but more transparently so , to put abed the populist argument that the eu consists of unelected officials with absolute power . 
  have n't met any in germany . 
  did met one pro brexit guy but he was just a posted worker who went back home at weekends . 
  then again if you 're `` that kind of ex-pat '' i doubt you move to germany . 
  american food tastes were actually somewhat socially engineered by the agricultural industry back in the old days . 
  for example if you back quite far there was a big discouragement of eating lamb in the us . 
  this was because local us lamb was n't a powerful or profitable as cattle and pig farming both of which were done on an industrial scale . 
  sheep farming requires smaller fields and more people attending them , so did n't suit the vast ranch and shed farming culture that they us had adopted . 
  this also meant that lamb in the us was often imported from places like canada which obviously was n't as patriotic . 
  the agricultural industry did its utmost to make lamb less popular giving a reputation as a fatty and foreign meat . 
  they successfully convinced many people that a diet heavy in lamb was a foreign practice , even an unamerican practice . 
  ironically before this time lamb was widely consumed in the us just as it is in pretty much all northern european cultures . 
  this is ultimately why you see the american diet mostly consisting of beef , pork , and chicken , as these were the big `` american '' meat industries and that had a knock on effect on the culture . 
  yeah , easy for the non-smoker to talk about something they 've never experienced and judge those that do n't behave as they imagine they would in their heads . 
  saying `` just do n't smoke '' to a smoker is like saying `` just do n't masturbate '' to a teenager . 
  i 'm sure you imagine yourself as a powerhouse of will power but until you 've gone through that process your words mean nothing and your judgements are pure hypocrisy . 
  judge judy is just all round bad , it 's easy just to hate on the plaintiffs here , but remember it 's the show that facilitates this stuff . 
  also , judge judy does n't even pretend to follow the law , and all round it gives the public a bad image of how legal proceedings function . 
  wanting to be an electrical engineer at my uni automatically labelled someone a masochist , and the electrical engineering courses were talked about with hushed tones as to not summon the devil . 
  ppe - i would n't say it was a complete waste though because a minimum of a bachelors is actually a requirement for the job i 'm doing . 
  have n't lived in the uk for years though and now i 'm considering emigrating permanently given the state of the uk and the new direction it 's taking . 
  would feel bad spending most of my economically unproductive life in the uk and then paying taxes in another country during the bulk of my career , but brexit has absolved me of that . 
  i 'm doing exactly what the brexiteers suggest , which is if you do n't like the uk then leave . 
  this is nazi-esque . 
  what the fuck is wrong with the uk ? 
  why have we allowed hate to become legitimised . 
  the states ? 
  where did you get that from ? 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  who said anything about the states ? 
  true that . 
  she 's fucking loaded . 
  i hate giving away personal information on reddit but let 's just say it was a russell group uni that was n't oxbridge . 
  fuck corbyn , he 's wanted this as part of his old school socialist agenda all along . 
  we do n't want a return to old labour , we just want a more moderate liberal progressive party . 
  a weekend coke habit is n't remotely as addictive if that 's what you 're talking about . 
   have you heard how good the middle classes of germany are with english ? 
  not remotely good enough to offer customer based services in english speaking countries if that 's what you mean . 
  this is a bit of a myth frankly . 
  yes most people in germany can get by in english , but that 's not remotely the same as comparing to native speakers . 
  edit : guys i 'm as pissed off about brexit as anyone , but this self-flagellation is making people crazy , i 've lived in germany for years , i can tell you as a fact the german wo n't be taking jobs that companies have decided to employ native english speakers for any time soon . 
  the uk does n't own the market on `` speaking english '' , it has a market on on speaking english natively which it shares with the rest of the anglosphere , and germany wo n't be encroaching on this market any time soon . 
  these jobs are much more likely to go to ireland ( or an eu-scotland ) where they already have a thriving service economy . 
  last time i got stoned in amsterdam i had the strong impression i were surrounded by american and had just forgotten how to speak english . 
  i think if you speak german it 's even more acute though . 
  it 's because they actually learn the rules of grammar rather than simply speak the language . 
  with some brains and enough repetition it eventually goes in , and germans are drilled in english grammar for their entire youths . 
  germans like grammar . 
  i know it 's an arbitration , but she undoubtedly knows the law and rather than educate people about it she just makes a mockery of it . 
  i mean look at this video . 
  if she just took a minute or two to actually explain the legal situation in layman 's terms before making her personal judgement the show might have some worth . 
  sadly all she does is screech and create drama . 
  really fluent english speaking germans are n't typical either to be fair . 
  no they are n't . 
  source : the german master 's students i teach . 
  yes , germans are good at english , but in many roles that involve selling to natives you need a native command of the language to maximise effectiveness . 
  sure , they 're good enough to work in a call centre , but most of the germans with such a high proficiency are over educated for that . 
  then take something like brokerage , which relies not only incredibly complicated terminology but also on your ability to form a bond with someone and interept what will convince them into signing a deal , with millions of dollars/pounds/euros on the line . 
  it does not make sense to use anyone but native level speakers for a role like this . 
  the idea that germany could replace the uk 's role from a language perspective is just poppycock . 
  what would actually happen is that these services would move to ireland or a post-indyref scotland . 
  the dutch are probably closer , but they suffer from the same problem which is speaking an inherently non-native type of english that while easy to understand does not convey anything like the same degree of nuance . 
  yes , many people are , the majority are n't . 
  the majority are verging on b2 , with a tendency to be more proficient in areas they 're well acquainted with rather than having the general understanding of the language you might expect of a native speaking 11 year old . 
  yes , but let 's think this through logically . 
  there are different kinds of job .
