  if you do n't pay your taxes the irs will use force to take away your property , but i guess you would be better suited to some nut job community living in the wilderness that shoots government agents on sight . 
  have a nice life and try not to have a heart attack raging about invisible phantom statists stealing the imaginary fruits of your labour . 
  i 'm now going to go back to my life of happy assurance that i will at least be provided some support should i ever end up bankrupt with nowhere to turn . 
  you would have to pay me a lot of money to leave europe and go to your upside down mad house you call home . 
  we obviously have different attitudes towards individual differences , some people with respond positively to support , others will not . 
  since we can not know which is which , for me that warrants helping everyone , for you it obviously warrants helping none . 
  like i said before , a noble having less caviar is not as bad as having people starving to death . 
  yes your caviar eating capacity is suppressed , so a basic level of healthy nutrition can be expressed in others . 
  if you think you someone who is already well provided for having less caviar is equivalent to letting people starve , you are fucking insane . 
  maybe it was because their parents abused them ? 
  maybe it was because they were traumatised fighting in a war ? 
  maybe they were coerced by worse criminals than themselves ? 
  maybe they are borderline mentally ill ? 
  who it was does n't matter . 
  people are demonstrably irrational entities that make decisions based on a limited epistemological understanding . 
  you are putting far too much emphasis on choice , you are perversely deifying the individual and honestly it sickens me . 
  there is no debating you . 
  you are just a sad angry person with very misguided beliefs . 
  for you . 
  `` i happily support the state and pay taxes , and if you do n't pay the taxes i would happily and morally justifiably support the use of force to take away everything you own , remove all your freedoms and leave you with nothing , and since the state is de facto more powerful than the individual '' = communist, 
  qed , you are not arguing but ranting . 
  i could take this to my university professor and he would reassure me that that is not an accurate definition of communism , but actually what happens to people when they are imprisoned and have property taken away for not paying taxes . 
  now please take your pseudo-academic nonsense back to your ayn rand club and masturbate to the notions contained within . 
   as measured by researchers who support the politics in those countries ? 
  no kidding !, 
  no , by international studies that use objective measures , of course for you the organisations doing these studies are obviously bias for coming to that conclusion . 
  you could do with working on your own fallacies , i believe that one is called no true scotsman . 
  additionally you only paid for your university education not the rest of it . 
   you still have n't been able to justify , other than your own hostile emotions , why it is moral to suppress my quality of life to supply quality of life to these people . 
  and i 'm going to keep asking . 
  ignoring the issue , explained in another post . 
   psychologically project much ? 
  maybe you act irrationally ( taking from productive members of society to provide for unproductive members , which you fully claim to support , would certainly fall in that category ) , but do n't presume that i do . 
  ad hominem , this is well supported by decision theory , game theory etc. 
   you are putting far too little emphasis on freedom , you are perversely deifying the state , and honestly it scares me . 
  if you just wanted to live your own way , i would n't be worried , but the fact that you 're so insecure that you want to force me to live that way too ... that 's megalomaniacal . 
  you are free to form a state reflecting your beliefs with others of a similar ideology , why do n't you go do that . 
  the rest of us will get on with civilisation . 
   wrong . 
  again , i am not anti-charity . 
  i am anti-socialism . 
  me choosing to help someone is one thing . 
  being forced by the government to help someone i consider undeserving is entirely different . 
  i 'll ask again : justify to me providing this help at the expense of other people ? 
  why is it ok for you to take support from someone by force to provide support for another when the party taken from bears no responsibility for the party given to ? 
  because ethically certain needs outweigh other needs . 
  therefore your need to self-actualise to 100 % of your potential , rather than just 95 % or 90 % is n't as important as keeping other 's alive . 
   from a systemic standpoint it has to be . 
  of course you can weight these judgment calls in individual scenarios , but there is no context at the welfare office . 
  there is only the forms and information on them . 
  if an otherwise good person is starving , i 'll give them my personal caviar . 
  but i have to be able to make the determination , which i ca n't do when a government agency takes my money and gives it to a crack addict with two children , simply because she 's unemployed . 
  maybe you are a paragon of virtue and will share your wealth , but history has shown not enough people will to create a pleasant society for everyone , individuals are selfish and we need the state to intervene for progress to occur , as happened rapidly between 1800 and 1900 in almost all developed nations . 
  also you are arrogant to think you can act as judge on people worth , that 's precisely why the system anonymously provides for everyone . 
  you might have a problem with it , but more people than you disagree with your right to decide other 's worth and will happily put your head on a pike before they starve to death , i guess you 'll just have to deal with this great hypocrisy . 
   i would really recommend that you also seek some input from people who have held real jobs . 
  sure , listen to what your professor has to say , but just recognize he/she can only hold those beliefs because of a pretend world his/her academic position has created . 
  after receiving my bachelors and doctorate and exiting the higher education system , it became readily apparent how separated from reality the `` ivory tower '' really is . 
  use your time at university for what you can gain from it , but take a piece of advice from someone 10 years ahead of you in both education and practical experience : do n't believe everything you 're taught . 
  so i should listen to you instead ? 
  your arrogance is phenomenal . 
  i could take it to twenty professors and they 'd give me the same answers . 
   that is what you are describing when you proclaim to desire to take my property and wealth by force . 
  so when the irs confiscated an estate and imprisons the previous owner , that 's communism  the usa is a communist state . 
  please stop the fallacies . 
   self-reported happiness is now an objective measure ? 
  an objectively measured study regarding a subjective reported state is obviously not the same as claiming a self-reported happiness is objective . 
  try harder . 
   and ? 
  as we established before , the child is faultless . 
  all my non-university education took place prior to adulthood . 
  therefore , again as we have established , it has no bearing on this item . 
  irrelevant . 
  if you really wish to nitpick , you 're correct . 
  my parents paid for it - as they had a responsibility to raise their child . 
  well they did n't raise you well . 
   according to who ? 
  you ? 
   and who gave you this authority again ? 
  your professor ? 
  according the homogeneous majority, 
   not everyone deserves a pleasant society . 
  as we 've been over . 
  according to who ? 
  you ? 
   i 'm not judging their worth , i 'm judging the scenario and choosing an action . 
  you have already agreed earlier in this `` debate '' that full meritocracy is impossible . 
  what you receive is not a reflection of your worth . 
  now you 're starting to contradict yourself . 
  full meritocracy no , but it can be a hell of lot better than where your lunacy leads . 
  i ca n't draw a perfect circle either but i can certainly improve the ones i can draw . 
   as one of many sources ? 
  absolutely you should . 
  professors answers carry no more weight than anyone else 's . 
  you will learn this in time . 
  actually learned people 's opinions do carry more weight , you 're just outcast from that community because nobody takes your ideas seriously , quite rightly . 
   if done without cause ? 
  absolutely . 
  you 're way oversimplifying the example to make it fit your tortured argument . 
  why was the person imprisoned ?
