  you do n't need the stasi when you 've got a legion of pensioners desperate to report you for putting your washing out on a sunday or a distasteful garden gnome . 
   driving is not a right, 
  driving is not a right , but learning to drive as a healthy legal adult damn well is . 
  if the mpu were just used on criminals it would be better ( although i 'd still see it as easily exploitable , subjective , and unfair ) but it 's used on non-criminals such as test failers and even people who dispute the traffic laws . 
  why does mainland europe struggle with the anglo concept of fairness so much . 
  fairness means that if you pass a test you pass a test , it does n't matter if it 's your 1st or 21st attempt , you passed . 
  instead you set up these absurd bureaucratic systems with your beamter and fonctionnaires to act as biased human guardians and endow them with more power than they should ever have . 
  you 're far more interested in rubber stamps and expert opinions than hard objective truths , and honestly it 's quite scary . 
  the americans might have a lot of failings but even they have a better understanding of the notion that justice should be blind . 
   no it 's not, 
  yes , it is , if you are a healthy legal adult , you should be able to try to pass your driving test . 
  failing 3 times should not require you to take psychological assessment . 
  that 's 100 % fascist policy . 
  `` ah , you failed your test , you must be an untermensch , report to the state psychologist for re-education '' . 
   also , you use british spelling but us expressions . 
  lol , you 're an idiot . 
  i 'm not remotely american , and i can assure you my expressions are british . 
  i guess you ca n't accept that someone might want to criticise the dach countries given how much brown nosing they get around here . 
   you are able to try passing . 
  if everybody passed eventually we would n't need a test now would we ... 
  yes , but you do n't allow people to keep trying , you make them submit themselves before a psychologist quack before they can try again because you assume they are an idiot . 
  a value judgement on a citizen character that no government should be able to make . 
   mhm . . 
  do you want me to recite the words to jerusalem or rule britannia to prove it ? 
   please , go ahead . 
  until now , you mostly justcrambled about muh big gubberment like the redneck you are . 
  oh please , i 'm a socially liberal centrist . 
  i 'm not remotely a redneck , not to mention the fact it 's not sunny enough to get a redneck here . 
  guess what though , common law would never allow such an egregious violation of human rights as involving psychologists in determining the maximum punishments of criminals , and it certainly would never force ordinary non-criminal compos mentis citizens to submit to psychological examination simply to exercise their right to take a driving test . 
  i 'm sorry , but the mpu is an obvious overstepping of the role of government in a liberal society . 
  it is an authoritarian measure worthy of the ussr . 
  i 'm not against `` big government '' . 
  in fact , i support increasingly public sector spending . 
  however , i do not support the use of psychologists as tools of the state . 
  i do not see how anyone can justify using the subjective opinions of a psychiatrist or psychologist as a benchmark for allowing someone to do something as everyday as taking their driving test . 
  it runs against the fundamental principles of common law , that the state 's role is to punish criminals but not to judge their `` worth '' , something that europe could really learn from , instead of the codified crap you use to justify pretty much anything the state desires . 
  i seriously suggest you do some research into the mpu . 
  you might have grown up with it but why not be a bit more `` foreign '' and take a harsh critical devil 's advocate position toward your own government ( sadly something that many people in dach countries have n't quite mastered yet ) . 
  some people have even been forced as far as having liver biopsies at their own expense to `` prove '' to the quacks that they 're not alcoholics . 
  that is an outrageous thing to inflict on anyone . 
  in a healthy liberal society it is `` scheiss egal '' as you say , how someone lives except for when they break the law . 
  the whole `` driving is not a right '' argument has been used in the dach countries to justify horrific overstepping of healthy government function , alongside a `` think of the children '' reactionary attitude that tries to shut down criticism on moral grounds . 
  what 's ironic is that the dach countries still have more dangerous roads compared to countries that do n't use these extreme methods , so they 're not even that effective . 
  the mpu is a horrific legal aberration , and has even been criticised by the eu itself , who refused to enforce it eu wide and even today its requirements are n't recognised outside of the dach countries . 
  someone from germany who was banned could resume driving outside of the dach nations as soon as his ban ended , as the mpu requirement to resume driving is not recognised by other nations . 
  alt-right / alt-left in a nutshell to be honest . 
  wow . 
  you 're just an indoctrinated arsehole . 
  i ca n't be bothered responding to you as you 're not even arguing your points seriously . 
  keep your fascist laws , i really do n't care . 
  i have a licence , drove for over 10 years , but now live in a city and do n't drive . 
  no i 've never been denied a licence , in fact worst thing i 've ever had is ticket from a speed camera . 
  i have no fucking horse in this race , but i did n't grow up with this kind of invasive government mandate and it plain as day to me what an overstepping of government power it is . 
  also , i do n't know how things are in ch , maybe all your psychological tests are free from the governments and maybe they 're all fair and nonjudgmental testing only abilities . 
  in which case good for you . 
  i do know how this stuff goes down in germany though . 
  it 's a for-profit industry that has been outsourced to private sector quacks in a similar way that disability assessment was outsourced in the uk . 
  they actually profit from people failing these tests , and at 2000 euros a pop that 's disgusting . 
  geldmacherei is the term i believe . 
  if you ca n't see why most of the world is appalled at these methods in germany then you 're just indoctrinated to be blind to it . 
  in most countries governments have no power to psychological assess law abiding citizens , and in fact psychologists hold no vocational standing whatsoever ( because the science they 're selling is dubious to say the least ) . 
   thank god we are n't . 
  somebody needs to take care the idiots do n't hurt themselves and others, 
  those who do n't learn from history are doomed to repeat it . 
  how long until the next slide to authoritarianism in central europe i wonder ? 
  the worst thing is that if you bring up the department of work and pensions to most britons you 'll get a healthy cynicism and disdain , regardless of their general political leanings , whereas dach citizens seem to rush to defend their government and shut down contrary opinions with spurious jibes as you 've well demonstrated . 
  it 's scary , even if you support the mpu you should at least be willing to acknowledge its weaknesses and potential for abuse . 
  i mean ffs even brussels has problems with ... brussels ... the most `` muh small government '' organisation in existence possible obviously . 
  seriously when you 're dismissing the eu as libertarian you know you 're way out of line . 
  why is this funny ? 
  pro-brexit corbynistas are very much alt-left . 
  leftist populism is definitely around . 
  people who want to end globalism and return to protectionism to ensure industrial work for everyone . 
  you do realise there are left wing anti globalist populists too ? 
  not really . 
  the difference is that real change has something realistic that it wants to change the situation into . 
  anti-globalist populists , on both the left and right , want to smash up the global system we 've worked to achieve with no real explanation of how things are going to end up better than they were . 
  they just say things like `` reopen the coal mines '' and `` cut taxes for average citizen '' without thinking about what that would require . 
  alt-left does n't mean that to me . 
  alt-left means populist leftwing opinions . 
  people who want to return to protectionism and stop immigration believing it will revert their country to some imaginary golden era of industrial prosperity and factory work for all . 
   i know you dislike education . 
  the evil big gubbernment even makes it mandatory !, 
  literally worse than north korea . 
  nonsense point . 
  big difference between education and psychological assessing people because they fail a driving test . 
  nowhere did i say anything was `` worse than north korea '' . 
  generally i quite like the systems in place in dach countries , it 's just a shame you have n't quite understood some of the socially liberal lessons of history and allow this stuff to go on . 
   your ramblings are not worth the effort, 
  sure , that or you dismiss any opinion you do n't like like every other idiot on this site . 
   so now you approve all of a sudden ? 
  no , i do n't approve . 
  but i do n't know how it works in ch , so i was a reasonable human being and acknowledging that it might be different there . 
  maybe you should try it ? 
   that 's too big of a claim do n't you think ? 
  try applying these policies in any country in which they 're not used . 
  there would be public outrage , potentially riots . 
  in the uk at least it would be destroyed by the judiciary within days for not meeting the criteria for proof under british law . 
  we do n't even do hair testing in the uk because it 's been proved to have too high a rate of false positives to regarded as reliable evidence . 
  dach judges do n't seem to care about that though ( maybe because they 're employed by the state and have very little political power ) , and just go with any expedient pseudo-scientific nonsense the government dreams up in their authoritarian quest to perfect and alter the human condition .
