  might not be common in your dialect but in many dialects if you say :, 
   if i had a car , i would have driven, 
  it will be understood differently from, 
   if i had had a car , i would have driven, 
  one is a mixed conditional , the antecedent applying to the present , the other is a 3rd conditional applying only to the past . 
  when we 're talking current events the distinction might not be that important ( we assume you have n't recently got rid of or lost your car ) , but if you say something like `` if i had a car , i would 've driven to woodstock in the 60s '' , then speakers of many dialects might think you sound strange or incorrect . 
   a single had i think works just as well . 
  you ca n't make statements like this in linguistics . 
  it only `` works '' because it 's part of your dialect . 
  it 's like me saying , `` english works because i understand it , but japanese does n't because i do n't '' . 
   if i had had a car ( applies to the past ), 
   if i had a car ( applies to the present but is hypothetical ), 
  it may well be that you 're just getting confused because people do n't say `` if i had had '' , they say `` if i 'd had '' , but the 'd here does n't stand for `` if i would had '' , it stands for `` if i had had '' . 
  `` had had '' simply tells you it 's a counterfactual in the past . 
  seems to be a lack of understanding of some relatively standard grammar here . 
  thought double copulas were pretty standard in english . 
   what it is is that he ... 
   what it was was that he ... 
  not sure how you 'd express these thoughts differently . 
  i do n't think you could kill a welshman just for being in england , but you probably could kill them if they were breaking into a building under normal conditions . 
  on sunday this might have been considered wrong but because it was a sacred day and sacred soil . 
  to be honest i 'm just guessing , but there will be some elaborate reason for it . 
  welsh people definitely had fewer rights in england back in the day . 
  they were encouraged to stay in wales . 
  fyi if you 're expecting to be hooked up with a job in europe before moving to europe you 're probably out of luck . 
  depends where of course , but it is n't like asia where there 's a dearth of english speakers . 
  really i feel like the guys are scrawnier and less muscular than these days . 
  [ on the other hand ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbkjqyozljk ) remember when muscle made you a freak ? 
  people back then were just a bit more basic and childlike . 
  hate to say it . 
  but the reality is that people back then just had n't experienced the world like kids these days . 
  think of all the common myths that survive until this day e.g. 
  a cop has to tell you he 's a cop if he 's uncover . 
  now magnify that by 100 . 
  this was a diverse realm of wrong opinions , and nobody could really call each other out . 
  you had to have a lot of faith in other people from whom you got most of your information about what was the world was like . 
  many people lied and got away with it because it was harder to verify things . 
  9/11 did n't result in a loss of innocence because it was the largest attack on us soil since pearl harbour . 
  what really happened with the information age . 
  the coinciding of the two really just changed the way americans related to the world outside their borders , and that 's where the loss of innocence happened . 
  because people stopped trusting each other for their knowledge and opinions and had to turn to the sources . 
  our realities turned from being social generated ( and often wildly inaccurate and insular ) , to being information generated ( more accurate and factual ) . 
  people are forced to confront the world situation these days whereas before they were just entirely in their safe little happy community bubbles . 
  looks more like fighting breaking out than an `` attack '' to me . 
  i do n't approve of loyalist marches but i do n't appreciate sensationalist titles aimed at promoting a one-sided account of events either . 
  yes and no . 
  i think it would a nice time to start pushing for a two tier eu . 
  formalise the conditions of single market access for eea members , increased powers for those nations that want to pursue greater political and economic integration . 
  i think the eu is aware that brexit signifies that reform is in order . 
  do we really need to get rid of freedom of movement , that was n't the only motivation for brexit . 
  surely we can just wait 5 years for more xenophobes to die while simultaneously working on working on better job protections for people who 've grown up in the uk ( like germany has which is partially why the `` takin ur jerbs '' argument has so little force there . 
   i fell bad . 
  hope you did n't hurt yourself . 
  america has no some fucked up ideas about pets . 
  no offence to americans , but in countries like the uk and germany you 're allowed to have your dogs off leash in open spaces , just not on the road or in a built up public areas . 
  this means you occasionally have other people 's dogs run up to you . 
  amazingly 99.999 % the worst that happens if you get a dog slobbering on you a bit before the owner catches up and call it back . 
  this means that people train their dogs better frankly . 
  in the us i saw loads of irresponsible dog owners . 
  either spoilt dogs with no discipline or sad looking unfriendly dogs that looked starved for attention . 
  if americans were willing to follow proper dog discipline then there would n't be such a fear of being approached by dogs . 
  you also get these incredibly arrogant cunts who are like `` my beautiful pet '' vs `` your disgusting mutt '' , how dare you let your dog interact with my dog . 
  yes , leash aggression is a thing , which is why you take them off leash and let them run around in open spaces , or drop the leash/unleash if you see another dog approaching . 
  dog phobic ? 
  fuck off then . 
  it 's not society 's job to work around your irrational fear of animals . 
  if you 've been the victim of a vicious dog in your past then you have my sympathy , but the best thing society could do is offer you therapy to overcome your fear and not legislate harsh restrictions on dogs in public that lead to a situation where a policeman can say they were justified in shooting a dog just because it ran up to them . 
  edit : also no outdoor cats . 
  outdoor cats are awesome and tend to make friends with the whole neighbourhood in europe where people do n't get all `` muh property ! '', 
  when a cat comes on the lawn . 
  i , and many people i know , voted against the tories because we do n't want to lose freedom of movement . 
  brexit ! = immigration controls . 
  if you only count brexiteers that want immigration control they do not even make a majority . 
  all these people deluding themselves that labour 's success was n't in part due to people hoping they will deliver a softer brexit are just kippers who want to push that narrative . 
  i voted against the tories because i want to keep freedom of movement . 
  brexit ! = freedom of movement . 
  if labour took a softer brexit stance i would actually consider it tbh . 
  i did n't even say who i voted for . 
  knew it was a thing in ni but did n't realise they did them in liverpool . 
  seems like the most provocative place to do it . 
  well labour seem like the option of compromise for a lot of people . 
  yes , i think we will lose our current rights , but i think labour will be less hard about it than the tories . 
  well lib dem is screwed because they do n't have a strong local base . 
  instead they just have a larger percent of the vote than their seats suggest . 
  lol you 're about 8 years too late to get e-fame with this type of content . 
  it 's called english perhaps you should learn it ? 
  yes , but that 's a different kind of experience . 
  now we vicariously experience more in a week than they would in a year . 
  we are far more aware of how the world actually is than they could 've been . 
  honestly , the value of changing a tire or building a bird feeder is really not that massive when it comes to human beings . 
  it 's very cool right now to talk down virtual experiences in favour of a nostalgic view of the days with some kind of authenticity argument , but the reality is , and i can attest to this given i grew up before the internet was widespread , people were way more ignorant back then . 
  the ignorance is bliss saying is true . 
  people were happy go lucky , unstressed , but also oblivious . 
  it was a naive time comparatively . 
  fake news !, 
  he does n't have an accent . 
  you are speaking english incorrectly . 
  no he speaks pure unaccented english . 
  you speak some disgusting half-breed creole dialect , thus you can not understand proper english . 
  if you spent more time in civilised countries instead of the jungle swamps of the more barbaric corners of the globe you 'd be able to speak proper english too .
