  so i read an article about the uk having to pay more into the eu budget this year due to the devalued pound . 
  now the way the daily mail presented it was as follows . 
   britain faces an extra eu brexit bill as officials slap on surcharge due to weak pound, 
  i mean just look at the language here `` officials slap '' , so they 've just presented it as if the eu has just decided to do this out of the blue , as if the eu had that power . 
  also the bill is `` extra '' in all caps , failing to acknowledge that britain wo n't actually be paying any more than they were going to before , it 's merely that britain is paying the same but now it 's poorer than it was before ( thanks to brexit ) . 
  then again :, 
   eu says weakening pounds means britain must contribute more cash, 
  again look at the language , `` eu says '' , as if the eu was making a decision to do this , rather than it simply being that the eu is implementing an agreement that britain willingly agreed to at some point , which was that eu contributions should be made in euros . 
   britain faces a shock eu demand for an extra # 1.8 billion in contributions next year , it can be revealed today . 
  ok . `` shock eu demand '' . 
  first off , not a `` shock '' at all , it was completely predictable in accordance to the relationship we agreed to enter into with the eu . 
  i 'm sorry but if you owned a business , and you did some work for someone from the us , and they turned around and said i 'm sorry i ca n't pay you the agree price because my currency has devalued , would you be cool with that ? 
  secondly , it is n't a demand , they 're simply invoking that language to make it seem more aggressive than it is , it 's simply an expectation that the uk will fulfil the obligations it agreed to . 
  i mean would brexiteers prefer to live in a country that wantonly broke its agreements with other nations , do n't they see anything dishonest about that ? 
  the comments are brilliant too . 
   tell the eu to get on its bike !, 
  no wonder we voted to climb out of this stinking cesspit !, 
  ah yes , burning bridges with your number one trade partner always helps . 
   one word for that lot ... ... ... mafia, 
  of course , because meticulously following unilateral regulatory agreements is very mafia-like behaviour . 
   i blame the constant wittering on from the remainers for this . 
  still there 's time before the end of the year for the euro to crash . 
  naturally , it 's the `` remainers '' fault , it was their negativity that devalued the pound , not the country being thrown into constitutional crisis , nor the prospect of the uk losing its ability to readily sell services in the eu , or being on its own without any trade agreements in the future . 
  i also find this talk of the euro crashing just abhorrent . 
  why would be want some of closest allies ' economy to crash ? 
  do they hate the french and germans so much that they want them to go hungry and struggle to make ends meet , do they relish in the suffering of mainland europeans ? 
  even from an entirely self-interested position it makes no sense , they clearly do n't realise that if the euro crashes it will be mean the uk economy taking a massive hit too . 
  these people have no clue that the global economy even exists , they seem to think every country is an island serving its own people with no dependence on abroad . 
  or they think poor neighbours are good thing because it means cheaper holidays , i have no clue . 
  we have to wake up to the fact that something is very wrong in this country , we have a huge segment of the population who are ignorant , they live in the world of the immediate , entertainment , food , alcohol , shopping , it 's pretty much all they understand . 
  they have no clue about how geopolitical relationships are formed , they do n't even know that much about how their own government functions . 
  but they are angry , and that anger can be channelled in pretty much any direction by media propaganda . 
  their engagement with politics and the global situation is something analogous to the 2 minute hate from 1984 . 
  they pick up the daily mail or some other rag and skim through it feeling angry while they 're grumpy in the morning , and that 's their only exposure to the political world asides maybe the 6 ' o clock news . 
  these people are being exploited by clever people who write newspapers , not with the aim of enlightening people about events , but solely with the idea of influencing the opinions of the apolitical to serve their various agendas . 
  they are employing double speak , if you pay attention to the details they do n't outright lie , they add qualifiers like `` because of the devalued pound '' to their statements for good reason , but we have to understand that the people they are targeting do not pay attention to the nuance . 
  all they are hearing is `` eu have the power to make us pay more out of the blue because they 're in charge and accountable to nothing '' , and `` the eu have decided to make a rule that works against the uk and we had no say '' . 
  of course when they only understand that level of the news they believe we 're in the throes of a tyrannical undemocratic system , because they do n't remotely understand what has happened . 
  media should have an obligation not just to make true statements that avoid liable laws , but accurately represent what is really going on , but they do n't , and i do n't see any practical way of making them . 
  i do n't know how , but we need to buck the trend and try to get the uk back into a position where the majority are engaged enough to look beyond the rampant sophistry of the tabloid press . 
  you are exactly what 's wrong with people in this country . 
  you 'll believe the heartbroken tale of some guy down the pub before actual facts . 
  if you want to critique the methodology of the study then go ahead , until then shut the hell up , you are not entitled to an opinion , this is n't a matter of opinion , it 's a matter of fact , and if more people realised that we 'd probably live in a much nicer country . 
   all the brexit studies proved to be nonsense, 
  according to the great analytical mind of / u/thepodiatristsfriend . 
  no they did not `` prove to be nonsense '' , that is a lie you are telling yourself because it serves your agenda , because for you , what is true is secondary to what you want to believe , just like so many britons . 
  i suppose its all a conspiracy right , the people making the studies conspiracy to deliberately misrepresent the facts to serve a political agenda , all orchestrated by the shadowy global elite ? 
  seriously , are a playing your role in holding back the human race , well done . 
  if you do n't like the study , design a better one , or at least critique its methodology , until then you do n't deserve a say on factual matters whatsoever . 
  you do n't get to brush things off with , `` oh it 's all nonsense '' like some philistine brushing away the hard won accomplishments of human knowledge , either engage with the study and say why it 's wrong or accept its findings with good faith . 
  until you do that you should n't even have the right to open your mouth on the matter . 
  yeah , you `` know '' this . 
  no you know `` believe '' despite it being complete bullshit . 
  firstly , prove that that those figures are real and not the imagining of your mind , then establish that wage increases were lower in your sector than others , then finally establish that these increases were lower because of immigrants working for less . 
  until you do that , stfu about what you `` know '' , you do n't know anything , you literally lack the epistemological possibility of `` knowing '' anything about this . 
  but yeah , go ahead , make decision based on your own anecdotal experience and prejudice rather than on data , we all know how that ends ... 
  ah ok , so this one * predictive * economic analysis is wrong ( and one coming directly from the treasury as well ) , all studies are worthless ? 
  you are really mentally that feeble ? 
  seriously shut the hell up if you 're going to even take the time to think like an adult . 
  you 'd think the education system would be able teach you basic logic like , because one apple is red does n't mean that all apples are red . 
   gdp has grown more than any other g7 economy, 
  lower than they would have if we 'd voted remained, 
   inflation is less than half the boe target, 
  i do n't think you 've understood this at all . 
  inflation has failed to meet boe targets for many years and continue not to , that is bad . 
  to quote the ft :, 
   the pound 's fall will raise import prices sharply , the bank 's monetary policy committee said , as it forecast inflation would exceed its 2 per cent target by spring next year , peak at 2.8 per cent in early 2018 and stay above 2.5 per cent well into 2019 before returning to target only in 2020 . 
   house prices are steady, 
  for now , you realise that they had to stop property trading for a time after brexit because of the frenzy the weakened pound caused . 
   and that 's just boosted exports . 
  so i guess you do n't believe all the data that shows exports decreased despite the currency drop and that the trade deficit is now greater . 
  seriously , the statistics you 're challenging are n't some predictive wide scale study by the government , they 're hard economic facts about the here and now . 
  nobody claims that economic predictions are ever 100 % sure to come to pass , but to take this as a reason to say that hard data on employment are wrong is fucking retarded . 
  do you realise that billions are traded every day on the basis of such hard data , do you think people trading billions would do that if there was a chance they could be misrepresentations or incorrect , i guess / u/thepodiatristsfriend is cleverer than everyone in the global finance world because he 's the only one smart enough to see that the data is n't to be trusted . 
  i 'm sorry , but your argument is economically illiterate , you are exactly the kind of fool that our troubled modern society breeds , because you 're too intellectually lazy to actually engage properly , and just brush things you do n't like away with denial and nonsense . 
  plenty of those things are still liable to happen , and virtually every expert in the world is saying so , but you choose to appease your conscience with half understood rubbish , i bet you celebrated the rush on the ftse 100 when the pound went down too . 
  in your personal opinion . 
  you 're saying their better modes of transport or what ? 
  that 's not the same as better . 
  why do you feel the need to compare this hobby to skateboarding anyway , in some vain attempt to work out what is `` better '' . 
  let the skateboarders have their skateboards , like the freeline skaters have their freeline skates , and let those who like both the same like both the same . 
  it was a very deliberate ploy by the government to make employment figures look better with their deregulation of contracts . 
  underemployment looks better than unemployment , and jobs without security are preferred to no job at all . 
  each to their own though . 
  i would think people would get bored of luging , yet it has its niche . 
  i would never seek to tear that down . 
  london seems simultaneously great and horrible . 
  great because you 've got so much nearby , horrible because getting around will likely cost you an arm and a leg . 
  great transport network , terrible because you literally have no other choice but to use it . 
  great to be in the centre of things , terrible because you 're paying triple what would be normal to do so . 
  great because of the salary and career opportunities , terrible because the cost of living mitigates that completely for 90 % of people . 
  great because of all the nice parks , terrible because asides your visit to the park you 'll spend you life in flats and offices overlooking busy streets . 
  hate to be that guy who likes to talk about other countries , but in a lot of europe , particularly germany , denmark , sweden etc. 
  they 've got fantastic cities that manage to cover most of these things without the downsides . 
  for example having both an amazing transport network and a low cost of for using it , career opportunities and a sensible cost of living , great parks and recreation alongside good city planning and uncramped living conditions . 
  so i can totally see why many europeans see living in london as somewhat unfortunate . 
  seems like an extremely stressful place to live . 
  of course , most other european countries do n't offer anything near the the scale of london , however , those that do tend to have many of the same problems , so maybe london 's size is a reason why it has so many drawbacks . 
  the question for anyone living there is ( or at least for those that live there and do n't earn astronomically more than they could somewhere else ) , do you think living in a megacity , like london or paris ( paris has a conurbation +10 million even if its municipal population is much lower ) , confers enough benefit to warrant living there over living in a more reasonable sized city like stockholm or munich . 
  i never said that there was no considered eurosceptic position .
