  i agree that synthetic cannabinoids are no longer soon as a cannabis substitute but more of a way for people with nothing to get fucked up that is n't smack or crack . 
  that 's why it 's so popular with the homeless community right now . 
  however , the success of the chemicals was due to it being marketed as `` legal weed '' . 
  if drugs were legal i doubt the market for this shit would 've been created . 
  i mean seriously , if we just legalised the main drugs that are better understood in the medical community like morphine , cocaine , cannabis , mdma etc , then i doubt we 'd have new drugs cropping up ever few years or so . 
  what extensive policies are those ? 
  i think it 's fair to say that there are sound reasons to support legalisation . 
  mate . 
  the `` lowlifes '' are n't smoking weed . 
  the `` lowlifes '' are taking smack and crack . 
  also you ca n't just say `` why do n't stoners drink alcohol instead ? '', 
  they 're not the remotely the same thing , and alcohol is arguably more harmful and destructive to your life if you over do it . 
  your argument it incredibly over simplistic , just another variation on `` if we legalise weed the scum that actively wants to break the law will move onto harder stuff to get the kicks '' . 
  that 's not how it works mate . 
  people do n't take drugs because they want to break the law , the break the law because they want to take drugs . 
  that 's not how that fallacy works mate . 
  if he said , cannabis does n't kill , therefore this can not be cannabis . 
  that would be no true scotsman . 
  what is actually was trying to say it `` cannabis is a plant you can grow in your shed , what this guy died of was a synthetic chemical made in a laboratory that only has a vague chemical similarity to what grows in teenager 's bedrooms . '', 
  mate , i hate to break it to you but you 're a bit thick . 
  none of that is true , cannabis is pretty much the same as what `` they used to smoke '' . 
  also genetic modification is a process no different from how humans have bred dogs and horses for thousands of years , we 're just better at it these days . 
  stop reading the daily mail and looking for reasons to feel indignant . 
  it 's a very dangerous addiction , more dangerous than smoking weed i 'd wager . 
  except it was only a few percent different than other demographics , and yes young people are more apathetic , or many they just assume the older generation has it under control and wo n't fuck anything up for them . 
  you argument in pointless , it 's simply a fact of life that people grow more political as they age . 
  the word 's `` young '' and `` carefree '' go together so well for a reason . 
  does n't matter how high or low the turn out , the young will always vote less than the old . 
  especially given how the retires have so much time on their hands . 
  i mean for christ 's sake , older people have more objective reasons to vote than the young , owning property , investments , pensions etc. 
  it 's hardly a mystery . 
  that 's all very misleading frankly . 
  the political narrative is always changing . 
  the radical marxist thinking of the 60s and 70s looks foolish now , yet so does the `` if you want a nigger for a neighbour '' slogan that was n't uncommon in the tory party . 
  the dynamic has changed but it 's hardly reason to go calling the youth right wing . 
  nah i would n't be mates with a cunt . 
  look at the fucking research you moron . 
  fyi joints are as strong as people roll them , but that og kush or whatever else the kids smoke these days is no stronger than the moroccan the hippies were smoking in the 60s . 
  nobody said cannabis was harmless either , merely that in when it comes to harmful substances it 's amongst the less harmful one . 
  lol the scientific evidence shows that thc hit the approximate level it 's at now in the 70s . 
  those latest strains coming out of the netherlands or the us might be moderately stronger but the difference is nothing like what the tabloids have tried to suggest . 
  also have you stopped to consider that stronger weed is no different from stronger alcohol ? 
  and that people might simply consume less to achieve the desired effect ? 
   i think you need to lay off the weed , your brain is already mush , soon you wo n't even be able to string a sentence together . 
  let me guess , you 're insecure about your own intelligence and thus need to lash out at people who smoke weed to make yourself feel better . 
  how many academic qualifications do you have i wonder ? 
  it was funny at first but now i just miss having content i actually want to watch on / r/videos . 
  we get it guys , united are cunts . 
  many of us could n't give a shit as we do n't use that airline anyway . 
  i 've probably only used a us airline once or twice in my life . 
  joke 's over . 
  we do n't need multiple days of this shit . 
  boo fucking hoo , you do n't see americans complaining that their decent professional job does n't get them place overlooking central park in manhattan . 
  want to be a global capital ? 
  that 's the price to pay . 
  do n't bitch about property prices , bitch about the absurd costs of commuting , bitch about the lack of investment on public transport that forces people who pile up on top of one another rather than commute comfortably from the suburbs . 
  and yes , i realise that `` comfortably '' might be unrealistic for london , but there should be millions going into ensuring the city can grow in a healthy way . 
  we should be building super fast train lines like tokyo . 
  london infrastructure is about 20 years behind at all times , and despite this the rest of the country will moan and cry londoncentricism when they do invest . 
  the dumbest shit ever is to try to push out money trying to get in and hurt your own economy in the vain hope that prices will go down . 
  seriously when did we collectively lose the ability to look at the bigger picture and think only about ourselves . 
  we 've always been self-interested , but it 's as if people have lost all faith in the notion that mutual benefit is a more effective way to benefit ourselves as individuals . 
  every gain someone else receives is not at your expense you know . 
  the way we 're going everyone is going to end up king of their own pile of worthless rubble . 
  i 've found brexit has revealed how many people are n't thinking realistically about the future , about how we can make britain more success , richer , and influential , but are just doing everything to fuck up the plans for the future in the hope that they can somehow revert things back to the way they were . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't get a 1 bed flat for little more than the national average going rate just a 15 minute bus ride from piccadilly circus anymore as you could in the 70s ( or more likely , as your parents told you could in the 70s ) . 
  but it 's never ever ever going back to that , and imagining that it were to god help us all as the country would have to be worse off than greece . 
  as a rich metropolitan elite i 'll look forward to hiring you to clean my house at two quid an hour when the alternative is the soup kitchen . 
  economics my friend . 
  perhaps if middle england produced more things of value it would n't be feeling so hard done by . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  seriously you 've got to be a teenager . 
  i suggest you go out to the third world for a bit and see how you like it before you start extolling the virtues of societal collapse and revolution . 
  might make you think about how what society is now is n't that bad , albeit far from perfect , and perhaps it 's better to work on improving what we have before we start shipping people off to the gulags . 
  so you 're an doomsayer , you 're not the first . 
  amazingly , nobody knows where this train is headed , and nobody knows what the future holds . 
  britain is reacting to globalisation , and the populace has chosen to elect right wing neo-conservatives and neo-liberals consistently for quite a while now . 
  perhaps instead of being an ideologue trying to break everybody 's things to stir up some kind of cataclysmic event , you should think about how to shift politics in the direction you want it to go . 
  the fact the anglosphere produces more media than anywhere and it 's widely received as good with the biggest budgets etc does n't hurt . 
  but ultimately it 's only a minor factor . 
  plenty of people love that shit and never learn english in real sense . 
  it 's because they 're trying and also because they 're being taught . 
  this is true in all language , however a soap is a bad example imo . 
  if you learn english just from david attenborough or someone you 'd sound ridiculous too . 
  with a long line of customers i imagine the conversion would n't even turn to english given how move conversations consist of only saying hello , being told the price , and then thank you , goodbye . 
   unless you want to be a translator . 
  or a brexit negotiator ... 
  something that people forget is that learning a foreign language actually helps you to think much more clearly . 
  when you 're monolingual your thoughts are much more tied to the structure of the language . 
  learning another language to a decent level loosens that grip . 
  you 'll find yourself using expression and constructions in that language that would n't make sense in english yet understanding their meaning instinctively . 
  this in turn allows you to get closer to the meaning behind the language . 
  this will make you think about your own language more and ultimately understand it at a deeper level , making you more literate and often a better writer too . 
  thinking about grammar is really important too , giving you an understanding of structure and developing those abstraction skills that will serve you well not just in languages but in things like mathematics and science too . 
  we have a national aversion to grammar stemming from the images in the public imagination of the often caricatured horrible french or latin master , canning students for messing up their conjugation , and the boorish schoolmarmish grammar pedant , correcting people for saying `` my friend and me '' when they mean `` my friend and i '' ( often wrongly i 'll add ) . 
  being precise is n't always a vice , yet few actually see that . 
  british culture has always had a streak of `` good-enough-will-doism '' , perhaps as national reaction against german precision and french pedantry . 
  that said , we 've taken it too far with how most people seem to think that learning for learning 's sake is a waste of time and that all you need to succeed in life are big dreams and big balls . 
  to many british kids have been sold this notion that you 've either got it you ai n't . 
  language learning requires an unglamorous patience and determination that british society too seldom rewards .
