  i do love a bit of analysis . 
  his german is super easy to understand due to the english accent , that said his german would be totally understood by a german too . 
  something something ... national treasure, 
  whiskie !, 
  in the future this excuse is n't going to work . 
  my parents are of the generation that do n't even get the concept of an online game , so they thought the best idea would be just to turn the thing off at the plug . 
  then you 'll have the generation that acknowledges that online games exist but do n't have a clue , so you could tell call of duty will last for 30 minutes and they 'd have no clue . 
  soon it will be `` i know the fucking round just ended so go and do your homework '', 
  that when you blame your connection . 
  once i had an emergency and had to leave a wow raid halfway through , ca n't always predict what 's going to happen . 
  i 'd rather my `` college loans '' you know ? 
  err ... did n't exist ? 
  i do n't remember having to take out any `` high school loans '' ... 
  i could go for a succulent chinese meal right now !, 
  political definitions are just so open for misinterpretation . 
  socialism is at its core the concept of the national ownership of the means of production . 
  websters definition of `` state ownership '' seems biased to me , because it sounds too much like the state is profiting for itself at the expense of the workers , as if it were an excuse for politicians to confiscate profits for themselves . 
  many right wingers seem to hate the word `` state '' as if the `` state '' were their enemy . 
  personally i think the dictionary needs an update to reflect how the word is used in a modern political context . 
  we call politicians `` socialists '' when they simply support the expansion of national ownership and the expansion of government services . 
  just because a politician wants to raise more taxes , give more funding to healthcare and education , expand the welfare system and so forth does not mean they want to nationalise the entire economy . 
  what 's interesting about the us is that there have been times when the us was certainly a lot more socialist than before , and many americans seem to be unaware of that . 
  many seem to believe socialism is only about free money for the unemployed , when in fact most more socialist policies are about nationalising industries so that they do n't have to remain so competitive on a world stage anymore . 
  for example , the american steel industry could be purchased by the government , and instead of being run at a profit it could be run simply to break even or at a slight loss . 
  all the money that otherwise would be going to private shareholders could then be used to create more jobs for hard-working honest people to make a living . 
  many times in american history has the government stepped in to prevent job losses and keep industries propped up . 
  the right only seems to see left wing policies in the context of charity , giving people money unconditionally . 
  america simply would n't be the nation it is today if it had n't been many instances of the government stepping in and rescuing national industries at numerous points in history . 
  socialist has started to mean something like social democracy in a political context , which is really just capitalism with more government intervention and democratic elections . 
  if people understood this maybe they would n't be so afraid of it . 
  all these theories that if the rich have to pay an extra 10 % tax they 're suddenly going to give up on entreneurship or move to china are frankly ridiculous . 
  well you do have to register in the country in which you live in order to start work , but that is literally it . 
  lol wrong thread, 
  lol wrong thread, 
  big mac for lunch , big mac for dinner 1150 calories , can even throw in snack . 
  fucking easy to lose weight eating fast food . 
  the reason people get fat off it is because they literally have a barrel of milkshake and a hammock of fries with each burger , meaning they 're having a 1500 calorie meal instead . 
  obviously the pricing encourages you to do this , but that 's because mcdonalds makes the most money on stuff like drinks and fries . 
  if people would just realise that a big mac is a fucking meal by itself , it does n't need sides , then they 'd be a hell of a lot less obesity . 
  i probably eat fast food at least once or twice or week , but i probably eat a fast food meal about once or twice a year , because it 's pointless . 
  just have a burger and a coffee . 
  i mean it makes no sense . 
  when you 're eating a baguette do you think to yourself ... hmm you know what this needs ? 
  a big lot of fried potato on the side and some sugar syrup to wash it down ? 
  greg took greg out * , it was a friday night ,, 
  greg wore cologne , to get the feeling right, 
  greg started making out , and greg took off greg 's pants ,, 
  that 's when greg turned on the tv, 
  and that 's about the time greg walked away from greg ,, 
  nobody likes greg when greg 's 23, 
  and greg 's still more amused by prank phone calls ,, 
  what the hell is wrong with greg, 
  greg 's friends say greg should act greg 's age, 
  what 's greg 's age again ? 
  what 's greg 's age again ? 
  why not make it free and then up the difficulty of getting there so that only a small number go ? 
  that 's how it worked very successfully in many many countries for decades . 
  making it expensive just does n't discourage people from going because everyone believes they 're special and they 're the ones who will land the high power highly paid job straight out of university . 
  it 's sad what 's happened to university in america , it 's basically become finishing school for the middle classes and it 's a pre-requisite for many careers despite being highly expensive . 
  since it 's so devalued already , one path might be to make university nothing more than an extension of education which is free . 
  then make the value tier of education in masters programmes . 
  honestly the higher education system has been corrupted to make a quick buck . 
  they turned higher education from something that used to suck , a period in your life during which you had to live like a pauper and churn out 5000 word essays weekly , meanwhile the majority of people you grew up with would be earning money , establishing themselves as grown up and living their lives . 
  now it 's the opposite , higher education is this cool party that everyone desires to go to , delaying work for years , and the kids who stay at home at the losers who are n't doing anything with their lives . 
  many philosophers have torn that apart fyi, 
  take a seat over there, 
  as they say in porn you 're 18 until you 're a milf, 
  upvoted for zangief, 
  there are some fancy brothels in germany where you could party in a nightclub , relax in a sauna , have a fancy meal then get nailed by transgender woman named micha . 
  apparently the secret to anal is lots of lube and a not too big penis . 
  no idea where i learnt that , you know nothing . 
  all the students however would be 18 and look 28 . 
  nobody would poop , unless they wanted to poop , in which case lots of poop . 
  murica !, 
  seriously though , there is just a high rate of imprisonment there . 
  what you did would n't have even been a crime in my country ( not unless she was under 15 ) . 
  at worst you could have been given a suspended sentence or something for taking advantage of a minor if she 'd later claimed not to have wanted it and to have been taken of advantage of . 
  it 's like 3 times harder to go to prison here , and frankly i think that 's a good thing . 
  murica !, 
  other countries might not have legalised weed but they certainly do n't usually throw them in prison for growing a bit at home , at least not the good countries . 
  you and your father do n't have herpes fyi , your father has coldsores , a completely harmless virus that something like 1/5 people have . 
  only in america do they treat coldsores like an sti in order to sell topical creams . 
  teenagers need to realise that we were teenagers too . 
  we might have forgotten the precise feelings but you 're not special . 
  also the reason we stopped being teenagers was because we realised teenagers were lame . 
  as someone in their late 20s that seems too young !, 
  why the fuck would you convert this to imperial ? 
  do you think reddit is stupid ? 
  better get the yeast !, 
  forgive me but i have n't been a fan of blink128 since about 2002 . 
  sure thailand has got the numbers , but germany is the place for the really fancy brothels . 
  look up pascha , there 's an 11 storey one with nightclub , restaurant , swimming baths and a whole floor dedicated to transgender sex workers in my city . 
  the girls rent their rooms ( at quite a price ) and everything they make is theirs to keep . 
  the floors even correspond with the prices the girls charge , at the lowest levels you get the absolute stunners who can be 200 + euros for a lay , as you go up the prices diminish until you get to the grannies on the 10th floor who can be less than 50 euros a go and will often do deals with the extremely drunk tourists . 
  some of the girls even live in their rooms all of which are fitted with security doors and panic alarms in case of unruley customers . 
  sorry , i was thinking in german . 
  blink einhundertzweiundachtzig xd that 's blink one hundred two and eighty . 
  damn this got dark quickly, 
  trust me you do n't . 
  you 're just being a typical 20 something and thinking that you feel `` super old '' .
