  this meant the supposedly dedicated import/export did n't function as such and that network clogged every quickly . 
  i fixed this by clog giving it more `` flow '' like my other cargo network . 
  ( my local cargo network was built around the concept of `` flow '' , buffering before every junction , no two junctions nearer than 5-6 train lengths away from one another ) . 
  this ultimately just ended up with my city having two cargo networks one with access to vehicles transferring from the harbour and international cargo station , and one without . 
  it did help a bit to cut down train traffic but soon the import/export network was clogged so the solution was useless . 
  getting desperate i resorted to mods to try to fix the issue and started using one way rail . 
  the one way system did allow a greater quantity of cargo traffic , flow was much better , so i was happy about that . 
  however , it did n't give me an easy solution . 
  so then i 'm experimenting with a one way unlooped train network to see if i can fix the issue ( the track simply being a one way rail running from the station near my international freight and harbour to each district ) . 
  with this solution there was no way for the dedicated network to be used to move goods from one local distriction to another , however it also mean it could n't be used for export . 
  ultimately my final solution was as follows : 3 cargo networks ( 5 train networks total when you include passenger and international ) . 
  as you can imagine my city was starting to look more like a train depot than a city . 
  the networks are as follows , local network - links industrial and commercial districts to each other , import network - one way system allowing cargo trucks coming from the international network or harbour to enter a cargo station with access any commercial or industrial district , export network - one way system taking trucks from any commercial or industrial district to the segregated area from which they can join the international network or harbour . 
  good news , this did solve the train clogging problem . 
  my internal network is barely stressed at all , all the networks appear to be working ( trains on them sometimes but not clogged ) . 
  trains despawn upon reaching their destination on the 1 way networks . 
  there is no way anyone to use the import or export networks as ways to move goods about . 
  however , i 'm still suffering from lack of raw materials , a pretty mediocre stream of freight comes in through my harbour and international network and is transferred the relevant districts . 
  i 've literally rebuilt this city 4-5 times to try to figure out how it can be fixed . 
  all i want is to develop a way of building as much commercial and industrial as i want without the need for raw materials ever being a constraining factor . 
  my dream is a gigantic city with virtually no offices and huge commercial and industrial districts . 
  so my question is : what am i missing ? 
  what is constraining import ? 
  my other question is : what are the rules governing cargo train and harbour spawned vehicles ** returning ** to their point of origin . 
  i 've read so much about what happens when trucks ca n't reach destinations but very little on the impact of the return trip . 
  what happens when they ca n't reach the place the spawned them ? 
  what happens when they are forced to take a different route to return than they take to get there ? 
  ( and i do n't mean a different road i mean a completely different cargo network ) . 
  also what 's the deal with one way networks as well ? 
  most of my cargo trains seem to despawn upon reaching their destination , does a one way network with no loop break something ? 
  sorry for just a long post but i 've spent quite a few hours on this ( like more than 20 ) and the frustration is too much to bear . 
  so i was thinking about what subtle clues there that will indicate where someone grew up even when they speak reasonably bbc like english . 
  often i see actors on the tele and have a good sense of where they 're from even if they pretty `` neutral '' ( non-regional ) english . 
  to me , it seems pretty clear that someone like martin freeman grew up in the south east whereas someone like richard hammond grew up in the midlands even though i would n't describe either as having strong accents ( although hammond 's accent was stronger if you go further back ) . 
  some thing 's i 've noticed . 
  if someone says `` one '' to rhyme with `` gone '' they 're more likely from the north , whereas if they say `` one '' to `` gun '' they 're probably from the south . 
  if `` pure '' rhymes with `` more '' they 're probably from the south . 
  if bold sounds the same as bald they 're probably from the midlands . 
  if holy and wholly are homophones they 're probably from the north west . 
  if scone rhymes with phone they 're probably a tosser !, 
  what nuances do you pick up when hearing supposedly `` accentless '' people like this ( the kind frequently heard on the television ) speak ? 
  i already speak german at a decent level . 
  my goal is to achieve c1 by the end of the year ( i finished b1 and i 've been in the b2 zone for too long now , although like most learners my skills are over the place , i 'm lazy but heavily immersed so my passive skills far exceed my active skills , especially writing ) . 
  i already have a pretty thorough understanding of german grammar . 
  i 'm a bit of language nerd so working through concepts such as mood , aspect , voice etc. 
  are n't really a challenge . 
  what i 'd like is a really detailed exploration of german grammar written in english . 
  too often i 've found that the explanations are in german ( because the books are aimed at all german learners and not just those who speak english ) , which limits the degree of nuance since they 're written at the level you 're expected to be studying , or that exercise books then to throw you in at the deep end and expect you to learn from doing , which i understand is how many people learn but for me the more academic and dry style of learning actually works . 
  i 'd quite like a book that went into real depth . 
  i 've already finished what i could find online e.g [ dartmouth german grammatik ] ( http://www.dartmouth.edu/~deutsch/grammatik/grammatik.html ) , any got any books or website that might take it further ? 
  it seems like an almost universal mythology has permeated british society ( not exclusively i 'll add ) . 
  there 's so much golden age propaganda , and just a general sense of pessimism as if we were living through the final days of the roman empire . 
  it 's not just the oldies either ( although they seem to hold such views more frequently ) , but there are also plenty of young people who just seem to unquestioningly take up this narrative . 
  i say no , the world is not falling apart , the world is , in fact , better and richer than it ever has been . 
  yes , you could buy a house on a 10 year mortgage back in the 60s , but guess what you could n't buy ? 
  a cure for your dying child that has been invented with modern technology , nor could you buy a flight to a city 1000 miles away for less than the value of a day 's earning on minimum wage . 
  it might 've not taken a master 's degree and 2 years experience to get an entry level job with a semi-decent salary , but these days you can know more about the world sitting in your pyjamas eating serial in front of your computer than any master 's student could 've ever dreamed of getting their hands on in 1965 . 
  literally anyone can become incredibly knowledgeable about a topic in a way that only a tiny number of rich and privileged academics were able to only 30 years ago . 
  the past was objectively shitter in virtually every single way ( which is why conservatism is so ridiculous ) . 
  not just like a bit worse , like horrendously awful . 
  the 60s , the 70s , the 80s ? 
  just bloody awful . 
  the meagre advantages they did offer over our era pale in comparison to our 21st century life . 
  not to mention the constant and very real threat of nuclear annihilation of all modern civilisation ( and yet now some people are sitting at home getting themselves in a hysteria of righteous indignation about isis ? 
  the least scary threat to our modern society since lady chatterley 's lover ? ), 
  as for moral decline ; it 's only relatively recently that we stopped lobotomising the mentally ill , medically sterilising homosexuals , and damning unwed mothers to lives of hardship and social exclusion until their dying day . 
  i can only conclude that all this nostalgia is nothing more than some kind of collective neurosis , that social pluralism has led to a crisis of identity within the current collective zeitgeist . 
  people in the past sat around in cold drafty houses with shit and limited food and barely anything to experience in the world around them yet they felt happy because the virtually completely homogeneous culture and patronising war-like government constantly boosted their egos and told them things were great . 
  nowadays people sit at home reading newpapers despairing at how the world is going to pot while having an entire world of remarkable opportunity outside beckoning . 
  we 're obsessed with dystopian visions and doomsaying predictions about the future of the human race , it 's even permeated into our art and culture . 
  are we so vain as to have become stuck in a image of ourselves as the lost children sitting at the end of history mourning the passing of the world ? 
  it 's time for this imagery to become clich\u00e9 . 
  it 's about time we got a grip and it 's only the younger generation that have the will and energy to challenge the plague of mental passivity and negativity that has is currently dominating our society . 
  does anyone else agree ? 
  i feel like the world has been suffering from this mental sickness since the start of this millennium . 
  edit : i 'll also add if anyone has any suggestions about how this social sickness can be negated , about what kind of things would need to happen to cure it , i 'd be interested to hear them . 
  this sentence is causing me some problems conceptually . 
  it sounds correct ( and english is my native language so i assume it is ) but it seems to me that it goes against the idea of tense agreement in english . 
  `` you wo n't like what i think '' sounds fine , but seems to suggest that the speaker is possibly going to tell you what they think . 
  `` you would n't like what i thought '' to me sounds like the speaker no longer holds the thoughts that he once did . 
  the same meaning as `` you would n't like what i 'd thought '' , which to me sounds wrong . 
  `` you would n't like what i think '' feels like the only adequate way of expressing the idea that you wo n't like what i currently think if i tell you , but i have no intention of doing so . 
  contrast this with a sentence without a modal verb : `` he did n't like what i thought '' , which sounds just fine in a situation where the speaker still holds the thoughts that he did at the time he told `` him '' . 
  in fact , such a sentence seems to be totally unaffected by whether the speaker holds such thoughts now or not , all that matters is that such thoughts were held at the time of the interaction with `` him '' . 
  is there something i 'm missing about modal verbs that allows them to behave atypically when contrasted with non-modal verbs ? 
  perhaps a consequence of english not distinguishing between the past tense and `` subjunctive '' forms ? 
  to me there seems to be two things complicating this sentence , one is the use of `` would '' and its modality , the other is that the verb `` think '' is stative . 
  `` you would n't like what i prepare for dinner '' sounds like you mean the standard present simple usage of meaning `` all the time '' . 
  `` you would n't like what i prepared for dinner '' seems to indicate the past , but then `` would n't have liked '' would be better so i 'm unclear on this one . 
  `` you would n't like what i 've prepare for dinner '' seems relatively clear , standard use of the present perfect , dinner is now ready but you 're not having any and you would n't like it anyway . 
  `` would n't have liked '' seems impossible due to the fact that dinner is still ready and theoretically could still be eaten . 
  `` you would n't like what i 'd prepared for dinner '' seems wrong again , `` would n't have liked '' seeming more appropriate , but even if we allow for `` would n't have '' it seems ambiguous that the choice of the past perfect actually signifies here , and how it differs from `` would n't have + past simple '' , perhaps that the preparation occurred prior to the point at which the question of liking it or not arose . 
  `` would '' seems to act like a present tense verb in this regard , so perhaps the stative nature of `` think '' in the former example is throwing me off . 
  can anyone clarify this for me ? 
  i 've been wondering if this sentence would class as a conditional . 
  i am inclined to think that it 's not because it does n't have an obvious antecedent , thus i wanted to analyse it as simply the irrealis mood in the past . 
  my friend said the antecedent is implied and simply omitted . 
  i 'm curious as to what the people of / r/grammar think . 
  stop falling for the tricks of the void my fellow patriots ... their chaos seeps everywhere destroying all things ; they prey on the greed and weakness the dwells in the hearts of men . 
  what seems like an opportunity for territorial expansion is naught but a ploy to use us to serve their destructive agenda .
