  because it means they pay less tax . 
  the very reason income tax is so profitable for the government is because people can not so readily behave like businesses , if they earn $ 200,000 gross they might be able to get rid of some of their tax burden by converting it into something else , spending it on things that will advantage them further in the future that will bring their net earning down without being a total loss , but it 's impossible to do this as successfully as a business can . 
  there is no such thing as a `` post-tax dollar '' in any meaningful sense here . 
  the money you spend in the casino you may have only received after the tax was paid , but this year 's losses , using last year 's `` post-tax '' money , will be deductible against this year 's pre-tax gross revenue . 
  if the government really did earn more money when you gambled than when you paid tax then there would be no economic reason whatsoever to cap the amount of gambling loss that can be deducted annually . 
  you are right in thinking that taxing gambling wins does work to decentivise people from gambling . 
  obviously if the government wanted to really encourage gambling it would n't tax wins and would allow losses to be deductible without limit , but that would disadvantage the government and advantage only gamblers and the gambling industry hugely . 
  however , its incontrovertible that taxing wins is a less efficient way of decentivising gambling than making losses non-deductible . 
  it 's simple human psychologically that a reduced win is less discouraging than a harsher penalty for a loss . 
  to look at this is more specific terms , if someone says to you that he 'll give you 2/1 on this outcome , if you bet $ 1000 dollars and you win , then you 'll get $ 800 ( because $ 200 of the win is paid in tax ) , but if you lose you 'll only really lose $ 800 ( because $ 200 of the loss is tax deductible ) , it obviously sweetens the pill to some degree compared to someone who says , if you bet $ 1000 you 'll get $ 1000 , and if you lose you 'll lose $ 1000 . 
  with tax on winnings and tax deduction on gambling losses , putting $ 1000 on the table is really only exposing yourself to $ 800 risk . 
  for contrast imagine someone in a tax free environment wants to risk $ 800 for a chance at a possible $ 800 win fall , then they 'll actually bet $ 800 rather than $ 1000 . 
  if gambling wins are taxed , and all gambling losses are tax deductible without limit , the real winners are casinos because someone who would 've placed an $ 800 dollar bet in a tax free environment , is now going to place a $ 1000 dollar bet , which means a larger overall turnover for the gambling industry . 
  now , of course this example is totally over simplified , but let 's look at another one , if gambling wins are taxed at a flat rate , say 25 % , but the person gambling has much larger tax burden , say 40 % , it sweetens the deal even further , because on a 2/1 bet they 'll actually lose less than they 'll gain if they win . 
  if this were the case then it would actually make sense for rich people to simply sit at the casino betting on coin flips thousands of times over ( to ensure a decent statistical distribution ) until they 'd lost almost all their gross earnings ( at least until they entered a lower tax bracket ) and received it all back as tax paid gambling profits ( at a lower rate of tax ) . 
  in reality , the limit on tax deductible gambling losses is completely necessary to stop gambling becoming too `` discounted '' for high earners , which would increase the amount of money gambled rather than left alone and paid as income tax and therefore decrease income tax revenue . 
  the other solution would be to raise the rate on wins higher than any possible income tax threshold , but that might really hurt the gambling industry . 
  in the end , some things are just logically necessary . 
  the most efficient way to discourage gambling would be to tax wins and allow no deduction on losses . 
  the most efficient way to encourage gambling would be not to tax wins , and allow losses to be deductible . 
  one option is to tax wins and allow losses to be deductible without limit , however , in this scenario if the rate of tax on the wins is ever lower than an individual 's income tax burden it becomes more appealing for these people to gamble , and could even used as a way to avoid tax , as people could gamble their gross earnings , lose money overall , but still come out with higher net earnings at the end of the year than if they 'd paid income tax rather than the tax on gambling wins . 
  the compromised options are to not tax wins and not allow deduction , or to tax wins and allow deduction but to limit the degree of deduction while not limiting in the profits on wins . 
  which of these two approaches to gambling is actually going to mean higher or lower tax revenue , and which approach is going to mean more or fewer dollar gambled annually within a country is actually going to depend on a number of factors , including the real life behaviour of gamblers which can be unpredictable . 
  for example , if the majority of money lost by people gambling is lost by people on low incomes , and spread between a large number of people , then a taxed system might actually increase government revenue , since the average tax burden of these people could be significantly lower the rate of tax on gambling wins . 
  you could analyse it by looking at the average tax burden per dollar ratio of money lost in a casino , and comparing it to the ratio of tax income from gambling relative to the number dollars lost . 
  if it works out that every dollar lost in the casino only loses the government 10 cent of tax in tax deduction from income tax revenue , but that every dollar won brings in 25 cent , then the government could benefit even if the amount of money that casinos give out in wins is only 80 % of what it takes from losing gamblers . 
  ultimately we 're never going to know if a taxed system with a limit on deductions actually benefits the government in terms of tax revenue over an tax free system without a comprehensive analyse of some real data . 
  however , there is also the ethical side of the argument . 
  with a taxed system with a limit on deductions higher earners are given a finite quantity of reduced risk gambling opportunity annually , which could be seen as encouraging gambling amongst this segment of society . 
  on the other hand , a tax free system could be seen as encouraging gambling amongst lower earners , because the amount they stand to win is higher , and tax deduction does n't benefit them because they may be below the income tax threshold or a tax burden that is so low it would n't exceed any theoretical gambling tax . 
  just trying to have a logical discussion about an interesting topic . 
  but yeh be a complete dickwad if you want . 
  maybe , unusual patterns of marking for declension and conjugation are not uncommon though . 
  lots of languages will use two different conjugation endings for two or more combinations of person and number . 
  in german you often is the 1st person and 3rd person singular sharing a verb form e.g ich will , er will . 
  you also use the same conjugation for formal 2nd person singular and formal 3rd person singular . 
  tonnes of declension cases take the same endings . 
  it 's pretty common i think . 
  it 's still a noticeable trend , particular modals , which is why i said `` often '' and not `` always '' . 
  fewer !, 
  it only rhymes with ponce if you use the french pronunciation of the word , which i 've never heard an english speaker do under ordinary circumstances . 
  sadly it 's a big corny , the graphics are off , some of the voices we hear do n't sound like bbc professional broadcast standard , the constant avoidance of any actual names is really fishy too . 
  despite this a really terrifying idea . 
  ok well , here 's a far better example , the 1st person plural , 2nd person plural formal , and the 2nd person singular formal all share a verb form . 
  the point was merely that sharing verb forms is not unusual in german , and that this occurs in all the above cases , and sometimes with the 1st and 3rd person . 
  i should have said that generally verb form sharing occurs often , i was n't trying to say 1st sing and 3rd sing sharing is that common in german . 
  in fact if you read back , it looks like i hammed that entire part of the sentence . 
  the point is what it 's important anyway . 
  because of oppressed russian minorities . 
  skateboarding , along with action sports in its entirety , has been on decline for ages . 
  it really peaked in the early - mid 2000s , with action sports being brought back into the forefront of public consciousness with games like tony hawk and dave mirra , even games like jet set radio and aggressive inline . 
  this lead to the rise of action sport themed entertainment like cky that lead to jackass and everything connected to it . 
  the only place skateboarding has seen real growth is in the number of people buying skateboards as a mode of transport . 
  long boards , with large wheels for smoother transport , and penny boards , for easier portability , seem to have had some success in more recent times . 
  a lot of people who buy these do n't buy into the whole `` skateboarding as a sport '' , but really just see it as a mode of transport . 
  a way to get around in urban areas that is faster than walking but less cumbersome than a bike . 
  i think the whole `` skateboarders killed rollerblading '' narrative is pretty dumb and overplayed . 
  people , and their lack of interest , diminished the popularity of rollerblading for what were mostly perfectly ordinary reasons unrelated to skateboarding 's anti-blader vibe . 
  ( before anyone calls me out on this yes i have seen all the documentaries the plot rollerblading 's rise and fall ) . 
  i remember even during the early-mid 2000s growth in action sports market rollerblading was always seen as the less cool thing to do . 
  this was simply because skateboarding was `` in '' at the time , whereas rollerblading saw greater popularity in the 90s , and by that time was `` old hat '' . 
  what growth rollerblading had during this period was mostly to do with kids with skateboards deciding it was n't for them but being curious about rollerblades in general . 
  this is exactly why i started blading , i got a skateboard for my birthday or something because that just seemed cool at the time , lasted about 6 months until i was sick of lack of progress and constant minor injuries , but by that point i 'd visited skateparks and seen people flying around the park on blades . 
  it was quite funny actually , at this time every kid seemed to want to skateboard , so the skateparks would be full of newbie skaters learning to drop in on 3fters , falling over trying to kickflip , and trying to boardslide the low rails , meanwhile the bladers would dominate the big ramps where only a few skateboarders dared to tread . 
  i do n't really care that much about the action sport of `` aggressive skating '' that much any more , it 's something i enjoy occasionally , but there 's no point crying because it 's not a booming industry with big name celebrities and social acceptance . 
  does rollerblading as a hobby really need that stuff ? 
  yes , i wish there were bigger tournaments with decent prize pools so more people could rollerblade progressionally and progress the aggressive side of things , and yes i wish there were more companies offering more types of skate so there 'd be more competition which could improve the design/technology side of things and offering more sponsorship , but none of that is really necessary to our enjoyment . 
  being the popular thing is n't always as great as it sounds . 
  i remember that when skateboarding was at the height of its popularity there were still dickheads who disliked it and tried to put it down . 
  a lot of poorer kids even targeted skateboarders because it was considered non-conformist and also because having a skateboard showed your parents cared enough to drop was easily an average day 's wages on a skateboard for you . 
  skateboards got thrown in ponds , stolen , chucked off bridges ; just because you 're hobby is popular does n't mean you get less shit for it . 
  believe me i saw it all as most of the time back then we were skating in groups mixed blader and skateboarder , and hanging out at spots that were popular with both . 
  in fact , something being popular can also cause a reaction against it , as people will always be polarised regarding the `` new thing '' . 
  when i skate now most people in my city , which is super progressive ; it 's not unusual to see a 75 year old man go past on micro-scooter , do n't bat an eye when i pass . 
  little kids seem to think i 'm really cool , i occasionally hear people saying like `` oh hey , do you remember rollerblades '' , and very occasionally you get a childish giggle , but i do n't think that 's anything to do with simply being a skater , but the fact that i 'm about 6 4 ' on my skates , shaved head , balding , look about 35 , and used to be heavily into lifting weights , so i just look like an usual candidate to being bombing around the city on skates . 
  it 's not only that , it 's also the fact that i watch the bbc semi regularly and know their graphics . 
  there 's simply no reason for the graphics become worse just because of an international incident . 
  also the way the people speak , it is really amateur in how it imitates a newsreader style of delivery , also the accents are wrong . 
  the first guy sounds like he 's about 17 , and has a way of speaking that would n't be broadcast on the bbc news , one sounds canadian , the one with the thick working class london accent would never be allowed to speak on the news without vocal courses . 
  imo the northern irish sounding woman did the best job . 
  the editing style is very suspect , it 's just clip after clip , there 's no way the bbc would broadcast that quantity of clips one after another without ever panning back to the newsreader . 
  finally , the emergency broadcast at the end was obviously made with spoken voice software , when in reality it would probably be a recording on a loop . 
  yes , it 's harder to realise it 's fake when you do n't expect it , but there 's no way i could watch that for more than 30 seconds without getting suspect . 
  yet in germany it 's available . 
  when is `` chair the chair '' the red thing and when is `` chair the chair '' the green thing ? 
  i 'm a native speaker and that sentence seems ungrammatical to me . 
  `` i chair the chair '' works because chair can be a verb . 
  but `` i chair the chair the red thing '' is the same as saying `` i hold the seat the red thing '' , which is wrong . 
  even with the inverted commas it 's hard to see how `` chair the chair '' could be a red thing . 
  could could try `` when is it a good idea to chair the chair ? 
  '' , that would be grammatical . 
  uk is 1/5 the size of the us in population . 
  so i guess it 's like being famous in 1/5 of the us . 
  it 's a quiz with comedians . 
  lol, 
  you realise there 's a giant metal cross on the top and that 's what many people want to see ? 
  either for religious reasons or just for curiosity 's sake . 
  this is n't mountain climbing , it 's tourist hiking up a mountain to see something and take in the views . 
  there were , then stalin . 
  works fine in the uk .
