  have it do it for 10 seconds or whatever . 
  youre fucked for conflating all kinds of animal domestication with cruelity . 
  any fool can see this is inhumane . 
  doesnt mean any animal who can do tricks anywhere is inhumane . 
  only peta psychos think that . 
  seem their sentimental brains cant figure out the cruelty is the cruel part not the fact theyre performing for people . 
  this title is a example of that stupid sensationalism . 
  it 's because `` cookie '' cookies , the ones called cookies in the uk , are american , whilst the other forms are dirty foreign muck undeserving of their own name !, 
  i was just like `` well i 'll be fucked if there is n't an eddie izzard reference in their somewhere '' ... and what do you know . 
  i feel i 'm starting to understand reddit a little too well ... 
  why do n't you learn to read you absolute cretin ? 
  where did i say it 's fine to hang a monkey from its neck for 10 days fuckwit ? 
  most monkeys can briefly walk on their hind legs for a few seconds , why not teach it to do that , or teach it to backflips , or teach it to beat its chest like a gorilla . 
  my point was that domesticating a monkey and teaching it a few tricks is n't inherently immoral , at least not in the opinions of most people . 
  which is why the title is stupid . 
  you are a fucking reactive hysterical prick . 
   that 's why i lost my shit , in context with the video and conversation thread , you come across like you 're defending the practice of chaining a monkey up for 10 hours ... [ ] ... so yeah still definitely think you need to work on your reading comprehension . 
  the irony . 
  this is precisely what i was n't doing . 
  `` in the content of the video '' my arse . 
  the point of my comment was to differentiate the practices of stringing a monkey for 10 hours with training a monkey in general . 
  it 's only you and that guy who have assumed from context that i meant precisely what they 're doing in that video . 
  the fact it takes inhumane practices to achieve that they 've done in this video , does n't mean i was condoning that thing , therefore the fact it takes 10 hours of torture to achieve this is n't relevant . 
  it 's perfectly possible to train a monkey to walk on its hind legs for a few moments humanly , many monkeys are capable for doing that . 
  the 10 hours thing is to it can stand on them indefinitely . 
  every other cunt can see this , which is why you are that guy are getting downvoted . 
  i ask you , is it likely that every other cunt in this thread needs to work on their reading comprehension or perhaps it 's just you and that other guy ? 
  seriously ... 
  all we had to do was follow the damn train , cj !, 
  i think [ this is cute ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cl07frhryhk ) , is it fictional ? 
  but it would be perfectly possible to train a monkey in a paid show in the same fashion . 
  point proved ... 
  i think it 's pretty clear . 
  it 's a matter of efficacy , training an animal with rewards can take weeks or months , with punishment it 's a lot quicker since the animal with be afraid not to follow commands . 
  most people in the third world are training their animals for monetary gain , whilst most people in the west are doing it for fun or sport . 
  of course the quickest way is with both reward and punishment , but people in the third world might not believe this thinking rewards will soften the animal due to their own life philosophy , or simply might not want to bother when rewards can be dear and punishment works well enough . 
  that said animal cruelty still goes on in the west , and some people in the third world treat their animals humanely . 
  it 's shakey science at best . 
  here 's a full explanation ... 
  it 's really interesting when you look into it . 
  there are basically 3 groups in what is called `` the numbers gang '' . 
  that said in a way there are only two groups , the 26 's and the 28 's , 27 is more a role played by members of either 26s or 28s that puts you in the middle as a mediating group and enforcer . 
  26 's mostly are people convicted of economic crimes , but in practice this means anything but rape and sexual offences which automatically exclude one from joining . 
  most are drug dealers and robbers . 
  they are meant to be workers and they are n't allowed to sit around all day doing nothing , they have to supply the whole gang with cigarettes , drugs , alcohol and luxury items , they are also only allowed to work as cleaners . 
  they are n't meant to fight , shank or rape , although occasional violence does occur . 
  they are supposed to be protected from rape ( the 27s have the job of protecting them from rape by the 28s ) , they are not allowed to engage in homosexuality , furthermore they do not allow people who have been raped in prison to join . 
  a lot of prisoners want to be 26s for this reason and there are generally more them than the other numbers . 
  also 26s are not allowed to communicate with 28s . 
  the 27s are arguably the most powerful number , although they will still have to follow the orders of the leaders of either the 26s or 28s , depending on their allegiance . 
  the leaders of the factions are obviously more powerful than most the 27s and 27s will often have to commit violence on their behalf . 
  both 26s and 28s can become 27s through blood , which means performing a lot of violence . 
  you have to be recruited from 26s or 28s to join . 
  they are the most actively violent members of the gang . 
  they are usually in prison for murder or extreme violence . 
  they are allowed to take blood and have the responsibility of enforcing a lot of the gangs laws and dishing some of the punishments like stabbings and beatings . 
  especially punishments that are related to gang law rather than number law which tend to be settled `` in house '' if you will . 
  they are also the only people allowed to talk to both 26s and 28s , therefore their job is to mediate between the two groups , meetings between 26s and 28s only happen by having a 27 present who each party talks to , and the 27 passes what was said onto the other side . 
  another one of their jobs is to protect the 26s from the 28s , and to a lesser extent protect the 28s from the 26s , they are there to prevent war between these two factions . 
  once someone becomes a 27 if they were once a 28 they are now not allowed to engage in same sex activity and are protected from rape , and if they are recruited from the 26s they continues to be so . 
  28s are the most fucked up if you ask me . 
  these are usually sexual offenders , or people who have either raped someone or been raped in prison as all these things exclude one from joining the 26s ( nobody becomes a 27 without joining another side ) . 
  then again some people choose to become 28s or are forced to by existing members . 
  they are allowed to engage in same sex activities . 
  they are not allowed to communicate with 26s except through a 27 . 
  they do n't really do anything but fuck each other and occasional violence . 
  they are only allowed to work in the kitchens . 
  also they are split into two camps , the golden or blood line , who are the dominant partners and fuck men , and the silver line or white line who are the receptive partners and get fucked by other men . 
  the golden line are considered the warriors of the 28s and are n't allowed to be the receptive partner , they are also the only 28s that are allowed to commit violence . 
  to join the golden line you must stab a warden which is obviously pretty insane . 
  the silver line are n't allowed to be the dominant partner with any other gang members and are considered the thinkers of the 28s , they are n't allowed to commit violence either . 
  they can fuck `` frannen '' through , which means `` women '' and is the name for prisoners who are n't gang affiliated , arguable it 's better to be a silver line 28 than a frannen because even though you might get raped they are afforded rights under the system . 
  for example they wo n't be gang raped unless it 's a form of punishment for breaking the rules and they 'll be provided for in drugs , cigarettes , alcohol and luxury items by the golden line . 
  they 'll probably only have to `` go with '' one member of the golden line at a time . 
  furthermore only members of the golden line can become 27s since they are the only ones who are allowed to be violent . 
  also it is possible for members of the silver line to move up to being in the golden line if they prove themselves to be men to the other members . 
  it 's really fucking complicated and there is a whole mythology behind it that is slowly revealed to members as they gain status in the gang . 
  this is how people who are transferred to a different prison prove their allegiance and ranking by knowing the secrets , ensuring nobody tattoos themselves to look like a higher rank and unfairly gains status . 
  there is a different ranking system within each group , and each group have slightly different beliefs about the mythology , following a different founder of the gang . 
  within the whole gang there are laws that all members must follow as well as laws for each number . 
  the 26s and the 28s each have their own judge and prosecutor and defender who will enforce gang law as well as number law . 
  punishments can be anything from death , gang rape , beatings with weapons , non-lethal stabbings and being forced to attack another prisoner or warden . 
  each have their own rituals , for example the 28s have their own system for deciding who is golden and who is silver . 
  the 26s have ways to decide what kind of worker their members are . 
  i do n't think i 've ever seen a gang system as fucked up as this . 
  it seems to me that it 's basically a split between common criminals in the 26s , and absolute psychos in the 28s + their sex slaves , with the 27s being the enforcement tool for keeping the peace between these two types of criminal . 
  you can claim not to be yanks if you want , but you 're all the same to us . 
  i do n't care if you fought for the confederacy , you lost and you 're a fucking septic . 
  that 's a load of crap . 
  it 's perfectly possible to `` break '' an animal , or a human for that matter to the point of almost complete subservience . 
  think reek from game of thrones if you will . 
  maybe humans are a little different , but with inhumane methods you can train an animal into complete lifelong submission . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're serious but watch a documentary on the numbers gang on youtube and tell me more about that . 
  you can get killed just for talking to someone you 're not meant to there . 
  also gang rape is just a daily occurrence . 
  i really do n't think they care how big you are . 
  the irony , back to your farmstead colonial . 
  ok so it 's portsmouth uni and the photo was originally posted to popworld portsmouth 's facebook page but has now been taken down ? 
  i just wish i knew what the teams were . 
  team pink vs team red vs team manuguy ?
