  that 's the thing about psychos though , you ca n't tell it about them without thoroughly getting to know them . 
  am i only allowed to invite people i know so well i 'm absolutely certain are n't crazy or dangerous in any sense now ? 
  should i have them psychologically vetted before admitting entry ? 
  ofc if someone seems weird or gives me a bad vibe i wo n't invite them , but other than that i 'll let acquaintances come into my house , although apparently if i were canadian i 'd be opening myself to litigation . 
   its not a black and white situation . 
  yeah , i can see why if i know someone is drunk and i know they are attempting to drive then it might be my responsibility to at least to try to stop them . 
  however , if i do n't know that or my attempt fails i do n't see how any sane person can put me at fault . 
   if they hurt themselves on your land it was something on your land that hurt them . 
  again this is nonsense . 
  if someone brings some bad cocaine in their wallet to my party , does it in the toilet and dies it was not anything of mine that hurt them . 
  it was their own actions and their own property that hurt them . 
  again , what do you expect me to do ? 
  strip search everyone who comes over the threshold , subject them to interrogation ? 
  if it really was something of mine that hurt them , e.g fault wiring , dangerous item left in easy reach and so forth , i can see why i might have some liability , otherwise i should n't . 
   if someone goes into your bathroom and ods and dies you could be sued by their family or whomever is overseeing their estate . 
  well i could n't , because i 'm not canadian , i live in a sane country that takes a very dim view of these kind of stretched concepts of liability . 
  if i sold them the drugs , sure , if i knowingly provided them a way to take the drugs , then maybe partially , otherwise no . 
  i mean seriously , there has to be a sane line drawn about what is my responsibility and what is n't . 
  if my house does n't comply with codes and someone is hurt then that 's my fault , if i brew some bad beer and it gives people botulism that 's my fault , however other people should be treated as responsible for their own actions , and their own intoxication . 
   furthermore , this is more about being responsible for an intoxicated person after they left your supervision . 
  in the eyes of the law/court you knowingly let them leave while they were too intoxicated to take care of themselves so their damages become your responsibility . 
  can you hear yourself ? 
  since when did adults require `` supervision '' . 
  again look at the language you 're using , i `` let '' them leave , since when did i have the authority to decide if another adult should be `` let '' ( allowed ) to do something they want to do . 
  i did n't force the booze down their neck so their intoxication is their own fault and anything that follows should also be their own fault . 
   this is something that could be argued in court for sure but you would have to prove that there was nothing you could have done to prevent it from happening . 
  short of invading their privacy in the bathroom or strip searching them upon entry i do n't see what i could do . 
   the canadian legal system just does things a little differently than the us . 
  it 's better in some ways but way worse in others . 
  no offence , but you 're making the canadian legal system sound bloody awful and i 'm actually starting to doubt whether you 're right about all this because this kind of utter insanity is not something i 've ever associated with canada . 
  i thought people in the new world were all about * personal * responsibility , but this sounds like the complete opposite of that . 
  i think it must be because it sounds like absolute madness . 
  to be fair even what is written in that article sounds completely mad , like adults being treated like children who i suddenly have magical responsibility for simply because they stepped on my property . 
  how do you put up with that shit ? 
  ironic , that it 's usually european countries that are called nanny states , but that 's some next level shit right there . 
  ok , from reading up on this there is no actual real precedent in canadian law for any of this . 
  one case , * childs * , was an unsuccessful attempt to make a claim like this . 
  a man had been drinking at a host 's party , left , crashed into another car killing the driver and paralysing a passenger . 
  the passenger then brought a case against the host of the party on the basis of partial responsibility for their guest ( the one who crashed while drunk ) . 
   the trial judge in ottawa dismissed the case having concluded that there was no duty to other drivers on the road on the part of the social host . 
  however ... one fact about this case that make it more complicated though is that the drunk driver brought his own booze . 
  which means it does n't set a precedent for cases where someone was drinking only the host 's booze . 
   an essential element for the judge was the absence of the sort of control over the guest 's intoxication that an employer might have , or the operator of a tavern or restaurant might have . 
  so this is essentially saying that canadian law does not expect hosts to regulate their guests intake of alcohol , which i think is important because it shows us that canadian law does think individuals are responsible for their own intoxication when on private property . 
  when they are served the alcohol in a bar that 's a different matter . 
  the other case , * hunt vs sutton group * , was a case where a woman drank at a work party , drove home in bad weather , crashed and suffered brain damage . 
  in this case the hosts of the party , the employer , were held partially responsible for the crash for not stopping her driving or providing an alternative way home for her . 
  however , this case hangs on the fact that as employers they were treated as such , they had a duty of care as employers over their employee . 
  ultimately none of this supports what some people here have said . 
  that hosts are default responsible for the welfare of their guest after they 've left the premises . 
  if anything the * childs * case supports the idea that they are * not * responsible for it . 
  without the existence of a precedent case with circumstances wherein the host provided all the alcohol we could n't tell for certain what the court would decide , however i get the feeling , on the basis of the * childs * judgement about the absence of control , that unless their was some other factor that put the host at fault , for example , the host was constantly refilling the glass of the drink driver without their knowledge or consent , or the host gave the drink driver a punch without explicitly making it clear that the punch contained alcohol or to what degree the punch contained alcohol , then i think the court would not hold the host responsible . 
  i think this is one of those things that has probably been misinterpreted to mean something else . 
  ok , good , faith restored in the canadian legal system , the judgements here seem quite reasonable , and nothing like what was suggested before . 
  i did think it was strange , generally the canadian legal system seems to be quite close to other commonwealth countries and this did seem a bit out of sorts . 
  ultimately all any of this means that people who have a legally established duty of care , e.g employers , should be careful and ensure they provide transport for people drinking at their social events , such as free taxis or a bus service . 
  the implications for people without an established duty of care are n't really that significant , merely that they should n't do anything that would put them in position where a drink driver could claim the host had an element of control over the intoxication of their guests . 
  i think the most common name for it is `` fizzy drink '' . 
  around small children you can also call it `` pop '' or `` fizzy pop '' , but that 's a kind of cutesy name for it . 
  if you were looking for them on a restaurant menu though , or you wanted to sound fancy , you 'd want to look for `` soft drinks '' , although that can also include other non-alcoholic beverages that are uncarbonated like juices . 
  the only time we say `` soda '' in the uk is short form for `` soda water '' , as in `` can i have a lime and soda '' , and soda water is just an old fashioned way of saying sparkling water . 
  yeah . 
  it 's shit is n't it . 
  london virtually has the complete monopoly on the best jobs , the career prospects , the interesting jobs . 
  whenever something new or different is happening it 's happening in london first . 
  it also sucks all the cosmopolitanism out of the rest of the country and centralises it in london , however you do n't get to benefit from it that much because you end up living miles from the action in order to afford rent . 
  i think people who like living in london are either on very high salaries or completely in love with the centre of the world feel of the place . 
  however , even that 's kind of pretentious , london is n't the centre of the world as much as some of its inhabitants like to believe . 
  i know tonnes of people who 've lived in london for like the whole of 3 years , having grown up in the home counties or middle england somewhere , and now they 've bought into the typical london wankyness , acting like north of the m25 was a barren wasteland , postcode and zone snobbery `` because everyone knows zone 3 is n't really london , daaarling '' . 
  sod them all !, 
  germany on the other hand is brilliant because the major cities are on far more equal terms . 
  sure , berlin is the capital , but it 's not like it 's the only place of real consequence . 
  in fact you 'll find that each major city in germany is more like the capital of its own region , with no city being able to claim cultural superiority . 
  you do n't have to go to berlin , you can go to munich or hamburg or d\u00fcsseldorf / cologne and each has a unique capital city like vibe . 
  in my life i 've lived in london , birmingham , manchester , coventry , munich and cologne and i 've got to say that german cities are perfect examples of what large british provincial cities * should * be like , but are n't because of the londoncentric attitudes prevalent in our culture . 
  you can also live in virtually german city for the same as what it would cost you in somewhere like birmingham , and that includes berlin . 
  berlin is n't even the most expensive city to live in , munich is , and it 's still at least 1/3 less than london . 
  no it 's not . 
  new york is the financial centre of america , but the international money goes through london . 
  new york has the most money , on the basis that america is the richest country and american companies bank in new york . 
  however , when a company in mumbai wants to do business with a company in shanghai , london is the staging ground , and this is evidenced but the fact that something like x2 as many trades are made in london everyday as are made in new york , and the fact that virtually all the world 's currency exchanges are there . 
  london is quite literally the financial capital of the world because it 's where every country in world except for america goes to do business , new york is more weighted towards dealing with america 's internal finance , which does not make it an `` international '' centre , despite the fact its still very important from a global finance perspective . 
  i know that learning irish in ireland is a little different , but think that kind of attitude is very common amongst native english speaking children . 
  we all like to bitch about how terribly modern languages are taught in our schools and how awful it is that now , as adults , we ca n't speak a word of french or spanish despite 5 or 6 years of it in school , but , in fact , if you spoke to us then , we 'd be full of resentment for having to learn it . 
  we 'd be talking about how pointless it was to learn another language when `` everyone '' speaks english , about how when we 're grown up we 'll probably all have translation devices we can clip to our ears ( kinda true but not quite how we imagined it ) . 
  we say that modern language teaching just teaches you to pass exams and does n't really teach you to use a language , but that 's partially a consequence of the learners attitudes rather than something the teaching pushes on us . 
  the kids who actually went on to become competent in those languages after school did so because they enjoyed it , they practised whenever they could , they went beyond simply learning the grammar and the key vocab that you needed , they thought to themselves , how would i say this in french ? 
  i think i 'll find out . 
  while most of us just thought , what do i need to learn to say for my exam ? 
  the thing is that 's not quite how it works . 
  when the economy does it right , wages rise but the price of goods does not rise . 
  this is the very definition of good economy , a good ratio of nominal gdp per capita to the price of goods . 
  when a country introduces a minimum wage for example , or a living wage , this does raise the price of everything to some degree . 
  people universally have more money suddenly and there is no opposing force that keeps the prices down ( although i will note here that studies show that people still end up better off when this happens i.e. 
  the rise in the price of goods wo n't be so significant to completely cancel out the rise in wealth ) . 
  most importantly companies simply have to charge consumers more to operate because they are legally required to pay their staff more money to operate , and they can not operate without their staff . 
  however , the opposing force to rising prices is competition . 
  sure the retailers of goods would like to push up prices , but they ca n't because someone will undercut them because it 's worth doing so to steal their market share . 
  retailers are bound by what the goods cost them to acquire , because the cost of goods to retailers is low in america , if they tried to all simultaneously up their prices it would n't be hard for someone to swoop in and do that . 
  meanwhile in the uk , it does n't matter how competitive the market is , nobody can sell below a certain price without operating at loss because that 's the limit on how far you can drop the price without operating at a loss .
