  p.s someone sounds butthurt, 
  au contraire my potato mouthed friend , i continue to banter and you are suddenly all serious business . 
  i 'm sure letting your kids swear and giving them a toy gun is worth social services ' time . 
  i have a similar rule : learn the difference between your and you 're , and then you 're old enough to swear . 
  lol what the fuck is wrong with hardwood floors ? 
  they 're very popular these days . 
  carpet is out of fashion and collects dirt . 
  lol `` specialty store '' , there pet shops bleeding everywhere in the uk , and shops that specialise in fish in every major town . 
  this is clearly in or near london anyway , there 's like 11 million people living in or around london . 
  it 's not really anything to do with race . 
  lol pyjamas after the post has been ? 
  what the utter fuck world do you live in where that is wrong ? 
  sounds like you were raised by middle class prudes . 
  seriously not even the aristocracy would give a fuck about that . 
  he 's definitely not four . 
  more like 2 or 3 , but yeah probably time to take it off him . 
  the british accents in family guy are hammy and inaccurate as hell . 
  give them away for free probably . 
  or call the seller as see if they 'll come collect them . 
  `` ai n't '' used to a posh abbreviation of `` am not '' fyi . 
  it fell out of use with the aristos when it was picked up by the common folk , a bit like - h dropping . 
  it was considered proper english back in the day . 
  posh aristos used to use it to shorten `` am not '' . 
  lots of southern us dialectal features were actually picked up from well heeled british types , for example non-rhoticity in places like charleston . 
  now you know how we feel when we hear americans speak . 
  your accent is weird . 
  no , but you seem to use someone 's ability to purchase food as an arbitrary test of whether someone is `` old enough to swear '' , i proposed an equally arbitrary test , whether someone is yet to master homophones . 
  and leave behind all those precious things ? 
  i just get the distinct vibe you have `` university of life '' written on your facebook page , that 's all  perhaps coupled with the `` school of hard knocks '', 
  i find myself incapable of playing the game in a risky fashion . 
  if i do then i tend to die , only when i 'm utterly utterly bored will i venture to somewhere dangerous like coastal and even then i 'm always questioning why i 'm not sitting at home surviving . 
  the farther / further distinction is basically dead in non-rhotic accents with good reason . 
  farther and father are homophones , which makes it sound like you ' r talking about your dad . 
  that 's not even the subjunctive , it 's the irrealis mood . 
  technically wrong but everyone does it . 
  it 's not wrong , just some dialects favour one or the other . 
  he said he was an engineer = he said `` i am an engineer '', 
  he said he had been an engineer = he said `` i was an engineer '', 
  confusing , no ? 
  well they are quite complicated in english . 
  it 's much simpler in german where everything can be broken down into a nice little clauses . 
  here goes . 
  1 ) to separate a list of thing z.b `` john , jane , and mike went to the picnic '' ( the second comma is an oxford comma , many people think it 's unnecessary and would write `` john , jane and mike went ... '' ), 
  2 ) before a conjunction that divides two ** independent ** clauses z.b `` i like cheese , but jane hates it '' . 
  3 ) used after an introductory phrase . 
  this one is very out of fashion and kind of pointless but anyway `` to me , he seems unhappy '' `` however , life was good '' `` last year , i bought a boat '' . 
  nobody seems to bother with this ( this is analogous to german when a phrase takes the 1st position and the verb and subject are reversed z.b letztes jahr habe ich ihn besucht  last year , i visited him ) . 
  4 ) when information is added into the middle of an otherwise complete sentence . 
  information that does not strictly modify the meaning of the main sentence , but simply adds information z.b `` the chickens , which were roosting at the time , made a lot of noise '' . 
  this holds a very different meaning from the sentence `` the chickens that were roosting at the time made a lot of noise '' . 
  in the former sentence all the chickens made a lot of noise and coincidentally they happened to be roosting . 
  in the second sentence only those chickens that were roosting made noise !, 
  there may have been other chickens who were not roosting and those ones did not make noise . 
  5 ) separating lists of adjectives that need to be distinguished z.b `` the tall , distinguished , sickly man '' . 
  this could also be written `` the tall and distinguished but sickly man '' and so can take commas . 
  a phrase like the `` the big brown dog '' could not be written `` the big and brown dog '' , that just sounds silly !, 
  so it can be used to draw attention to adjectives this way . 
  6 ) before quotations z.b mr holmes writes , `` i find this matter to be elementary '', 
  7 ) to show contrast `` she was a nice girl , but dangerous '', 
  8 ) to avoid confusion `` outside the lawn is messy '' vs `` outside , the lawn is messy '' . 
  in the first sentence it sounds like everywhere around the lawn is messy , in the second sentence the lawn itself is messy and the `` outside '' is just telling us where the lawn is . 
  do you now see why nobody teaches this shit ? 
  the ridiculous thing is that only rules 1 ) and 4 ) even matter . 
  2 ) 7 ) & 8 ) just tend to come naturally to people on the grounds of gut feeling and are n't terribly important anyway . 
  3 ) and 5 ) are quite pointless and falling out of fashion with all bar formal writers . 
  6 ) is more just a style thing . 
  the real difference you should know as a german however is that in german subordinate and dependent clauses are marked off with commas , however , in english they never are z.b ich mag sie , denn sie sieht gut aus . 
  in english , however , this would be `` i like her because she looks good '' and never `` i like her , because she looks good '' . 
  when you think about it english and german are n't thaat different with commas , it 's just that german insists on commas with these subordinate clauses , while english does n't . 
  english insists on commas with independent clauses , while german only does that sometimes ( never with und and oder ) . 
  english commas are purely separators , while german comma are more of a handy guide to all of the constituent parts of a sentence . 
  honestly if you just keep doing what you are doing but remember to avoid them with subordinate clauses , and from henceforth treat them as separators for when someone would need to breath then you 'll be as accurate as 99 % of english speakers anyway . 
  edit : messed up mah germanz :(, 
  yeah well different playstyles and all that . 
  bears need to be taken down when you have somewhere you can escape . 
  cars are good , or high points near buildings . 
  they destroy your clothing and take your life right down . 
  my problem is i 'm an exploiter style player haha . 
  if i can make things stupidly easy then i will , if i can remove human error , and the need for skill then i do , which kinda trivialises the game past a certain point . 
  yeah by everyone i mean all british people do it , although it is technically frowned upon by english teachers and such . 
  as far as i can remember it 's only commonly called the subjunctive but is n't technically a subjunctive mood . 
  i think the subjunctive is used to cast doubt on something that we are unsure of , or holds the status of a belief or suggesting . 
  for example , `` the doctor suggested he stay in bed '' would be the actual english subjunctive . 
  it 's probably just some pedantry from grammarians but whatever , that 's what i was told . 
  honestly , i think it depends on which grammarian you 're talking to . 
  they are a fussy bunch . 
  hey , i 'm only saying what i learnt in school . 
  `` different to '' was considered incorrect and frowned upon , although , most of the kids used it frequently . 
  `` different than '' was also considered incorrect , the exception being when it was `` more different than '' because `` than '' is meant to be reserved for comparatives . 
  `` different from '' was the prescribed usage . 
  personally , i 'm not a prescriptivist and i do n't give a shit what people say . 
  nope, 
  the girl in red example would be covered under the other rules though . 
  obviously , yeah it 's up to you to figure out how the rules interact . 
  to be honest , thankfully it 's not a big deal if you miss a comma in english , unlike german . 
  it 's cute that you think american accents enunciate , your short - o sounds identical to broad - a and your - t sound like a - d. i mean i 'm not saying most british accents are any better but it 's foolish of you to think that america is somehow linguistically superior to anywhere else . 
  you sound just as silly to other parts of the english speaking world as we do to you , it 's purely what you 're accustomed to , there 's nothing objective about it . 
  kein problem . 
  actually it would be much harder to catch in a basement than in a roof . 
  those cameras only see surface temperature .
