  they supposedly derive from the same etymological origin as '' - chester '' and '' - caster '' , and if that 's the case then there was a popularized mispronounciation somewhere at some point in history . 
  that 's pure / r/badlinguistic ... seriously `` mispronunciation '' ( that 's not a word fyi ) at some point in history , what kind of utter shit are you talking ? 
  history defines how words are pronounced and what sounds are associated with what letters . 
  it 's literally impossible to have a historical `` mispronunciation '' . 
  almost of these names that you assume to be mispronounced actually reflect older forms of the language . 
  people in history did n't `` mispronounce '' words , they said the words as they intended to and then latter we changed the rules about how we convert groupings of letters into sounds . 
  if you had n't realised that 's what 's going on all the time , we are changing the sounds associated with the written form of the language , every generation adds something new to how the language is spoken . 
  what 's even more ridiculous is that english is n't even a phonetic language , so how a word is pronounced is decided entirely by the speaker and not rigidly limited by the spelling . 
  christ , the word came over with the romans as far as i 'm aware , and we do n't even know with any certainty how they even sounded . 
   prescriptivist linguistics dictates that the most popular pronunciation is the proper pronunciation . 
  again , what utterly bollocks are you chatting . 
  prescriptivist linguistics dictates nothing of the sort . 
  descriptivist linguistics defines words by use , prescriptivist linguistics defines words by some kind of believed standard . 
  descriptivist linguistics is pretty clear that there 's not just thing a `` proper pronunciation '' but if you 're going to go with one you might as go with the most widely used one as the official one as no other standard other than use is actually meaningful . 
  seriously , that was a really idiotic response . 
  whatever buddy , you 're the worst type of person do encounter around language matters , the kind that thinks they know it all but they do n't . 
  do n't you see that 's it 's ridiculous of you to say that it 's `` prescriptivist '' to take the most commonly used name for a place as the official standard , and then claim that a pronunciation of a place name must have arisen from a `` historical mispronunciation '' . 
  not only does it fail to acknowledge that descriptivism is clear that a group of speakers ca n't all `` mispronounce '' their own city ( but rather they 've simply changed how that word is pronounced ) , but it also fails to acknowledge that the phonetics of the english language are in constant flux and that just because `` cester '' is n't associated with the sounds that you for a brief moment in the 21st century ( and most likely speaking a dialect not even in the same country ) , associate with the series of letters c-e-s-t-e-r , does n't mean that it 's mispronounced or unusual . 
  saxons in the 13th century may well have seen that series of letters and simply seen a series of letters representing the sound `` stuh '' . 
  i know it might be hard to imagine that people in the past did n't just speak differently , but actually had a very different set of rules for realising sounds , but broaden your mind for a tiny moment and try try to imagine that just because you associate cester with `` sester '' in modern english , does n't mean it was always so . 
  i would n't be angry , but a wrote a post trying to help you and you called bullshit on it and played the prescriptivism card ( quite incorrectly ) , and that 's a dick thing to do . 
  german version sounds [ fine to me ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wikfnn-edqq ), 
  obviously you ca n't just translate songs like you would a piece of text , that 's just not what you do . 
   you 're claiming there is a big cultural dividing line separating the middle englander counties of worcestershire , warwickshire , gloucestershire , oxfordshire , northants , leics . 
  insane, 
  not insane at all . 
  actually as someone who grew around there there actually is a very big cultural dividing line running between those counties , that some people call the north - south divide . 
  while `` true northerners '' might vehemently defend the notion that the `` north '' does n't start until you get to manchester , the northern cultural divide that divides the north from the `` north of the midlands '' is actually a lot softer and less pronounced than the divide that runs along the aforementioned counties . 
  the cultural difference between say , stoke-on-trent and bolton is far less pronounced than that of say , oxford and coventry . 
  this dividing line basically starts at the severn , runs along it until the avon , then follows the avon into north east warwickshire , and then the line continues up to the wash. . 
  south of the line is a tendency to identify more strongly with the south and with london as london because reachable within a certain travel time . 
  it 's also roughly where the london commuter belt ends , below it you 'll find lots of people who work in london during the week and just have their family homes ( especially near the chiltern and london midlands line ) . 
  london 's influence reaches farther in the east as , for one , london is in the east of the country , and also because there are fewer major cities in the east midlands to which people can relate . 
  there 's also the historical lowland / upland split that runs diagonally across the country . 
  the east and south is lowland best for growing crops , whereas the upland was more suitable for pasture , and this led to inevitable cultural differences . 
  historically crop farming rewarded economies of scale more effectively , big estates , big farms , organised communities to farm the land . 
  lacking modern technology however , animal farming did n't reward economies of scale but rather greater autonomy , each man only able to tend to a so many animals effectively . 
  if you go back far enough you 've even got a divide between a higher % of celts in the west and higher percentage of saxons in the east . 
  people from nottingham might not be true northerners and have funny sounding accents , but the culture is very working class and regional , there 's no pretence of identifying with the capital , and this runs deep into the culture . 
  the same is true of places like birmingham , coventry , wolverhampton , stoke etc. 
  they have the post-industrial legacy , the working class culture , the strong regional identity etc. 
  we place the north - south divide there because it is obviously the most significant cultural divide within england . 
  sorry if this offends `` true northerners '' but the midlands culture has more in common with the north than most northerners are willing to admit , even if they 're not part of the strong northern identity that only starts once you pass the signs for manchester on the m6 . 
  and i 'll add i 'm not saying that is n't another cultural divide between the midlands and the north , which is probably the 2nd most important divide in the country . 
  there are also significant divides between the nw and ne , the se and sw , and the east and west midlands . 
  however the one the runs from the severn to the wash is the boundary between prosperity and austerity , between working class and middle class cultural dominance , between economic improvement and economic decline , between the dominant political power and the alienated regions of britain . 
   but why put the boundary where the midlands meets the south ? 
  it is the northern english identity that is strongest when one talks about the north/south divide, 
  it 's really not , and if you 'd spent more times in the region you 'd see that the divide is much stronger between the south-midlands . 
  put it this way , in northamptonshire you 'll find all the rural parts full of rp speaking types who think northampton is just an extension of the home counties and refer to london as `` going to town '' . 
  20 miles north-west of there you 'll find people with thick midlands dialects who 've never even been to london , think southerners are `` fairies '' , and use birmingham as their primary big city if they ever need to visit one . 
  compare that with the distinction between nottingham and sheffield , two working class post-industrial cities , both with strong working class identities , and the most obvious difference between them is that their regional dialects different from each other to a certain degree . 
   i get your point , though there would be a hell of a bigger sense of identity than at the warwickshire/northamptonshire border . 
  have you ever even been to the warwickshire / northamptonshire border ? 
  i can tell you for certain the divide is massive , once you pass the fosse way everything changes . 
  people in northamptonshire act like birmingham is a far off city in a foreign land , whereas people in warwickshire consider themselves as having far more in common with the brummies and see london as a far off place for posh types . 
  cultural borders = river severn + river avon + fosse way ( roman road through britain ) . 
  saxon influence in the east vs celtic influence in the west . 
  geographical borders = lowland crop farming communities in the se vs upland animal husbandry nw, 
  linguistic borders = pronunciation of `` bath '' as bahth or baeth ( trap-bath split ) , pronunciation of `` cut vowel '' ( roughly north of the line put-putt are pronounced the same ) . 
  social borders = working class post industrial areas vs london commuter belt ( home counties mentality ) . 
  seriously do n't talk shit , that line is near loads of social , cultural , and linguistic borders . 
  i lived near that line for a lot of my life i can tell you that it changes massively over about 20 km of no mans land . 
  south of it and it 's all london this , london that , north of it and it 's all fuck thatcher , stand up for the working man etc. 
  it 's basically the line the south 's wealth ends and you enter into provincial england proper . 
  house prices also start to rapidly drop once you pass it , and a 1 bedroom in nuneaton will cost you 25 % less than the same flat in an equivalent part of northampton . 
  i would n't say birmingham 's manufacturing is that strong , the centres been tarted up quite nicely to give an impression of prosperity but it 's still got tonnes of grim empty plots of land and empty warehouses outside the centre , that said , it 's always going to be compared to the days when birmingham was `` the workshop of the world '' and british leyland employed like half the city . 
   it seems your definition of the north/south divide is where london 's immediate economic and social orbit ends . 
  which is fine , but incongruous with how north/south in an english context has always seemed to me . 
  my point is that this is the divide that matters most and this is the divide that actually impacts how things actually are . 
  it is a divide that splits the country horizontally across the country thus splitting it into a northrn section and a southern section . 
  you seem to think of as a line splitting the country between `` northerners '' who consider themselves as part of a loose cultural region called the north and `` southerners '' who consider themselves as part of a loose cultural region called the south . 
  however , trying to split up the country in this way has always been terribly reductionist as it fails to acknowledge that the country does n't just go from people who define as northerner and people who define as southern , but has about 100 miles of space between the two called the midlands , which each side tries to claim belongs to the other . 
  whatever mate , it 's a line the divides the country into a southern section and a north section , thus north / south divide , it 's not meant to be a line indicating where the people who identify with `` the north '' or `` the south '' are , those are different things . 
  i 'm pretty sure people in lincolnshire do n't consider themselves `` southern '' , but cultural and economically they fall in the southern section . 
  they are post-industrial , working class , have a funny dialect and a bit grim , what more do you want ? 
  why are n't they northern ? 
  i 'm just curious about what you think . 
  geographically certainly places like nottingham and leicester fall in the northern half the country . 
  the middle of england is in meridan , which is just south of birmingham , you can say they 're in the middle , but they 're north of the middle . 
  furthermore , nottingham is in the north even if you include scotland . 
  so again , i have to ask why you think leeds is northern but nottingham is n't . 
  fyi i 'm not trying to be rude i 'm just asking what defines northern in your mind . 
  to be fair , your home wages depend on your industry . 
  if you 're a doctor , well , they 're fleeing the uk . 
  if you 're a stock broker or forex trader , well they 're fleeing to the uk at the moment . 
  why have you written faroe as faro\u00eb . 
  i 'm pretty sure in english it 's faroe , and in danish it 's f\u00e6r\u00f8erne and in german in this map they 've rendered it `` f\u00e4r\u00f6e '', 
  actually spying on each other is a great way to keep each other honest to some degree and also a way for higher ups to investigate their own power structures . 
  that 's most likely complete bullshit written by someone with an agenda using incomparable crime reporting statistics . 
  [ this guy did some real work comparing data between us and uk and came up with  ( https://dispellingthemythukvsusguns.wordpress.com/ ), 
   while it becomes clear that certain types of offenses are marginally higher in the uk than in the us ( robbery and knife crime being more likely in the uk by an order of 1.1 x and 1.27 x respectively ) a number of other , more serious offenses , are both marginally and substantially higher in the us . 
  rape of a female is 1.02 x more likely in the us , while theft of a vehicle is 1.29 x more likely . 
  more disturbingly , burglary is significantly higher at 1.52 x more likely to occur in the us . 
  however , it is at the considerably more , well , violent crimes that america really supersedes england and wales into its own class . 
  in the united states , you are 6.9 x more likely to be the victim of aggravated assault resulting in serious injury than in the uk . 
  you are 4.03 x more likely to be murdered than in the uk . 
  and more staggeringly ( though not surprising ) you are 35.2 x more likely to be shot dead in the unites states than in the uk . 
  before anybody asks , no , these do not take into account justifiable homicide and other `` acceptable shootings '' , nor do murders for that matter . 
  that said , city specific data is even sketchier and harder to compare .
