  please stop making it about this . 
  gun crimes are far rarer in the uk , even when you account for the differences in population . 
  the average briton is 45 times less likely to die from shooting than an american , and over 4 times less likely to be murdered . 
  i do n't believe they have , i believe 3 witnesses have confirmed it . 
  in time we 'll know all the facts . 
  i have no idea if those are statistics are correct or not , however , ever heard the expression correlation does not imply causation ? 
  your stats also fail to account for whether the homicide was by shooting . 
  what 's also worth noting , is that even before handguns were illegal , self-defence by means of lethal force was almost always illegal in the uk , so why would their availability deter murders ? 
  there is no castle doctrine in the uk , self-defence is meant to be proportional , and i 've never heard of a case in which someone used lethal force and avoided prosecution . 
  edit : also i 'll note , that when you make more types of gun illegal , is it surprising that firearms offences increase ? 
  the increase of `` firearms offences '' is due to the possession of guns that were previously legal and became illegal . 
  i think if you banned all guns in america tomorrow the number of `` firearms offences '' would go through the roof too , because every single person who owns a gun and refused to follow the law would become a firearms offender overnight . 
  these statistics are clearly cherry picked . 
  `` firearms offences '' could mean anything ( note how the graph spells it `` offenses '' , so it was clearly produced by an american ) . 
  look at the statistics that show whether the number of violent assaults with firearms increased after the ban , not generic `` firearms offences '' . 
  then look into what caused the rate of homicides to increase , do n't just jump to the conclusion that it was the prohibition of handgun ownership . 
  i do remember that the early 00s saw a rise in gang activity in the uk , but it diminished shortly afterwards , which reflects the data . 
  nobody is denying that . 
  fine , i 'll rephrase , nobody with an ounce of sense is denying he was sick . 
  because the symbol for multiplication is x ? 
  i do n't have the statistics myself , but i think we can agree on a few things . 
  the the increase of rate of `` firearms offences '' is probably due to their becoming illegal , and people who did n't follow the law being convicted for possessing them . 
  looking at firearms offences is n't a useful stat . 
  the rate of homicides increase around 2003 could be due to anything , we do n't know if it 's due to the illegality of firearms . 
  politics is full of weird words . 
  the only valid reason to keep it home is if you own enough land to hunt on or live very close to some land where you 're permitted to do so . 
  guns + self defence is a no goer in the uk afaik . 
  complete nonsense , you ca n't compare crimes in different countries without accounting for methodology of crime data reporting in each country . 
   while it becomes clear that certain types of offenses are marginally higher in the uk than in the us ( robbery and knife crime being more likely in the uk by an order of 1.1 x and 1.27 x respectively ) a number of other , more serious offenses , are both marginally and substantially higher in the us . 
  rape of a female is 1.02 x more likely in the us , while theft of a vehicle is 1.29 x more likely . 
  more disturbingly , burglary is significantly higher at 1.52 x more likely to occur in the us . 
  however , it is at the considerably more , well , violent crimes that america really supersedes england and wales into its own class . 
  in the united states , you are 6.9 x more likely to be the victim of aggravated assault resulting in serious injury than in the uk . 
  you are 4.03 x more likely to be murdered than in the uk . 
  and more staggeringly ( though not surprising ) you are 35.2 x more likely to be shot dead in the unites states than in the uk . 
  before anybody asks , no , these do not take into account justifiable homicide and other `` acceptable shootings '' , nor do murders for that matter, 
  shut up . 
  his shouting `` britain first '' has now been confirmed . 
  back to / r/conspiracy with you . 
  not true in the uk . 
  most christian groups are notoriously left leaning because of their ideals of helping the poor , sharing wealth with the unfortunate , looking after the disenfranchised . 
  it 's only the us where the right wing is tight with christians , because of issues like homosexuality and abortion which in most of europe are non-issues these days . 
  i do n't think it 's a cultural thing , probably just a personal thing . 
  people who say x4 are probably thinking more about arithmetic as in ( a thing ) x 4 , whereas people who write 4x are probably thinking more about language because we 'd say '' this is four times bigger than that '' . 
  `` aeroplane suffers mechanic fault after take off and safely returns to airport '' does n't quite have the same appeal . 
  london and munich are economic centres with tourism on the side . 
  rome is a tourist trap because of the history there , you 'd probably find somewhere like milan more similar to the former . 
  we had lockers , but they were made of wood and could only be locked with a padlock you 'd bring from home . 
  a lot of people did n't bother though because they 'd only store books in them and maybe a raincoat during winter . 
  the lockers were actually in the classrooms at the back , and they would be used by the students who used this classroom as their `` form room '' which i believe is called `` home room '' in the us . 
  our cafeteria was called a refectory , there was no money involved because everyone simply paid # 1.80 for every school day at the start of the year and you could eat whatever you felt like . 
  there was a good selection of food , but some of it was n't very good ( how do you fuck up simple things like fish fingers ) , you quickly learnt what was good and what to avoid , and if you got there late you might not get the good stuff . 
  school busses are n't that common , but lots of kids took public transport to school with the commuters . 
  our school , and a few others , did have a school bus , but this was more like an agreement whereby the school paid the local government transport agency to schedule a special route that would hit many of areas kids were coming from . 
  this school bus would n't come to your house , but rather just follow a route and it was your responsibility to get yourself to a bus stop on this route at a specific time . 
  in fact , this bus was actually open to be used members of the public , but most would n't because it was an unusual route and also it was so full of screaming unsupervised school kids that they 'd quickly regret it . 
  my school scheduled a bus from the local transport agency , it was a bit posh ( local grammar turned private ) but it was n't super rich . 
  the public were allowed on the bus , but if they did they 'd soon find it unpleasant with the kids acting up on it . 
  haha omg i thought i was imagining it , when i moved to germany from the uk i was shocked by this kind of arid herby smell the less pleasant public toilets had . 
  i 'm not sure if it was caused by the piss or the shit , but there 's definitely something in the german diet that makes their waste product smell really herby . 
  it can actually been somewhat of a prestige symbol if you 're shown around white people for the chinese middle classes , it says `` i 'm a member of the social elite whom white people are happy to be around , i 'm no country bumkin , i 'm an internationalist '' . 
  especially in the context you 're talking about , a business photo , having white people in the photo would make their company look more important in that it would appear to have western business connections . 
  specify tap water and they 'll oblige you in most places in my experience . 
  americans make the newbie mistake of simply asking for water and receiving bottled mineral water . 
  the germans are worse trust me . 
  the british get completely smashed and are mostly in bed by 3-4am . 
  the germans , however , are stumbling through the streets at 8am in the morning . 
  even the old grannies sometimes . 
  this is a problem in most hot climates in my experience , even the most developed nations can get a bit wiffy if they have very warm summers . 
  you also lost the war of 1812 , but the us is the only nation that teaches it was a draw . 
  as consolation , you can be bi-lingual or even tri-lingual but as soon as you step out of the countries where your languages are spoken you 're no more useful than a monolingual english speaker given that 99 % of the time the common language is english . 
  i do n't know to be honest , but it was common for private and grammar schools to schedule busses from the council where i was from , they all had funny numbers like 850 and 880 which would bewilder members of the public . 
  never heard of a school running a proper private bus . 
  however , my school did have a minibus that went to a town about 20 miles away because there was terrible transport links with that part of the county . 
  kids had to sign up for it before the year began and paid for it privately . 
  uk is far more anti-smoking than many european countries . 
  i always forget when i go back there and try to smoke at a train station or something . 
  the funniest thing i find in the german speaking world is that there are generally 3 types of water : classic , medium , and still . 
  lots of yanks buy classic assuming it 's still . 
  you must love the smell of car exhausts . 
  i 'd also add that london is only about average cleanliness for europe . 
  france , spain , and italy tend to be dirtier , germany and austria are definitely cleaner . 
  this is why in germany many people are glad to go to work . 
  flexitime is brilliant , if you 're hungover and get in late you simply so a few hours another time to make it up , or in most cases you 've already got extra time to burn . 
  the germany economy works very well , people are happy to work hard for the most because they know they 're getting a fair deal . 
  work time is work time and feierabend is party time !, 
  it 's really just america that persists with this dumb system . 
  i realise that due to differing sales tax in different parts of the country they ca n't print the precise cost on the box , however there 's no reason for the shops not to label stuff with the correct price on the shelves . 
  wait until we form the united federation of europe . 
  500 million vs 320 million , 18 billion gdp vs 17 billion gdp . 
  glorious federalised europe will be the greatest , and if rts games have taught me anything , we 'll be specialising in high cost units with higher versatility and firepower but will with low surviveability more suited to a micro heavy tech oriented playstyle . 
  russia/china = zerg , us = terran , europe = protoss , it 's just the way it goes . 
  he 's only stating what has been obviously the case since the fall of the berlin wall , china is still a developing economy and europe is too divided for any one country to achieve superpower status . 
  still , where i am they put the prices on the shelf the goods are stacked on . 
  i do n't get why the individual stores ca n't calculate the tax for the area they 're operating in ? 
  lol , you do not spend those billions on behalf the eu , i 'm sick of americans repeating the myth , you spend it because you like the hard power it gives you . 
  europe has a military budget of almost 200 billion , and could afford more if it had to , america spends that money because the people in your government think the advantages it provides is worth it . 
  ok , and the nwo is going to take us over too ? 
  sometimes items are shipped with the price , in which case it is set by the manufacturer , but the sales tax is uniform in the country , so it 's no problem . 
  occasionally you 'll see items with multiple prices for different areas i.e.
