  is like trying to define every black person as ` african ' - sure , but then every human came from africa . 
  where are you drawing that arbitrary line ? 
  no , it 's the exact opposite of that . 
  including latino would be like trying to define every black person as african . 
  we use black deliberately because it is a linguistic convention that is defined by physical appearance and nothing else . 
  latino is an ethnic grouping based around geography , culture , nationality , and heritage , in exactly the same way african is , which is precisely why we use black in the uk instead , because we do n't recognise race defined by ethnic grouping . 
  we use [ appearance ] + [ specific national ethnicity ] , cutting out broad ill defined ethnic groupings . 
   thanks for telling me and my community what is better for me . 
  i linked an article above that tackles exactly how difficult it is to deal with issues a community faces if they are n't recognised and are made invisible . 
  plus it is n't up to you to define what i am or not or how i choose to define myself . 
  i 'm british . 
  i 'm latin . 
  i 'm not white . 
  you do n't get to define who i am or not . 
  and i bet if we had the us system of labelling there would people moaning about that too . 
  furthermore it 's not ** me ** who is telling you how to identify . 
  the fact of the matter that you entirely seem to be missing is that the decisions like which linguistic system of definitions to use is not made by me , it 's made by a massively ethnically diverse group of people who work in and around government issues concerning racial / ethnic matters . 
  it is the opinion of these people that latino is not linguistic convention that the uk should embrace , because it goes against the inherent logic of the system that , for the most , non-white britons have decided it most fair and non-discriminatory . 
  it is not the racists or the ignorant white europeans who have no idea of what it 's like to be a minority in a majority white european nation that have decided on this convention , it 's the multicultural left wing who have decided . 
  it is they who have rejected the classification `` latino '' , and i personally think that they , who i believe know better than both you and i , who have made the correct decision . 
  furthermore , you of course you decide what to identify as , but it 's these government workers who decide what they want to know from you on a form . 
  it 's not even that they 're telling you you 're wrong , they 're just saying that if you do define as latino , we simply do not create a form that recognises that . 
  the problem is that they kinda can . 
  it 's cheaper for companies like apple to simply up sticks and go somewhere cheaper . 
  sure the government can make companies pay for market access , and is can be used to fund welfare , reduce the tax burden on individuals etc. 
  but none of these are as effective at creating real economic growth . 
  meanwhile tariffs on imports will simply make ireland a less desirable market in which to do business , and the irish people will pay more for those imported goods , and since ireland is highly dependent on those imports this does n't bode well . 
  truth is that big corporations have governments over the barrel . 
  the us is lucky , in that it 's in a position where its population is so large that it 's worth corporations paying that tax to in order to have access , but in ireland the opposite is true . 
  realistically , if you 're super dedicated , i think you 're looking at 2 years for each language , and that 's with massive dedication . 
  i 'd pick a language and focus on it , you need to complete duolingo and go beyond . 
  given that appearances appears to be so important i wonder if they discriminate on any other grounds , for example , ugliness , weight , baldness etc. 
  first brexit , now bagpoogate , when does it end ? 
  i think the bible specifies how long he lived . 
  all the patriarchs apparently lived for very long times . 
  everything should be legal but that does n't meant that everything should be unregulated . 
  nobody should be able to walk into a shop and buy heroin . 
  heroin and other hard drugs like crack and meth should be available at chemists for those in drugs programmes just like methadone is currently . 
  being caught with these drugs without a prescription should carry a minor punishment , and that should involve seeing a doctor and addiction experts to focus on the severity of their usage , the reasons for it , and ultimately see if they should be entered into the drug programme itself , or a programme aimed at getting clean . 
  the cost of drugs to those in the programme should be kept very low or free as to undercut the illegal market in these products . 
  because the users would have to go to the chemist every day for their daily dosage , accidental ods would be much rarer , and the programme could work to educate users about their limits . 
  it could also be kept track of , so if a user stops coming in for their daily allowance then they could automatically be referred back to the programme for assessment to see if they want to cut down their dosage or enter a programme aimed as getting totally clean . 
  selling government issued drugs to other users should carry higher penalties than dealing in equivalent amounts of the illegal drug , and should be considered similar to benefit fraud . 
  users on high doses should be checked on regularly in an attempt to ensure they are actually taking rather than selling on the drugs . 
  ultimately , the idea should be to make these drugs available but do everything possible to make it so users must get them from legal regulated sources rather than criminal networks . 
  everything should go through a drugs programme . 
  once people are in the programme then they can be helped and educated , work can be put into both trying to encourage users to adopt a more healthy lifestyle and get off drugs , and living with addiction . 
  i think living with addiction will be an important concept in the future . 
  so much of the debilitating effects of addiction are tied to drugs illegality and scarcity . 
  with legalisation we could encourage users to try to live the best lives possible under the circumstances . 
  things as simple as helping a user to find the right pattern of usage that will allow them to work a part time job without either being in withdrawal or too intoxicated to work ( no heavy machinery jobs obviously ) , but there 's no reason why someone ca n't do many jobs while on a controlled dose of what is effectively a pain killer . 
  pretty sure it 's only yanks who say eye-talian . 
  it 's daks-hund, 
  no they do n't . 
  they say day-bree or at least deb-bree . 
  people seem to differ on which syllable they stress . 
  the stupid thing is though that it 's usually thought of as embarrassing precisely because it shows you 've only read the word and never actually used it amongst company . 
  there are times when this really is embarrassing , like when you 're a lawyer in court and mispronounce a legal term , the fact you 've not used or heard the word enough to get it right shows that you 're probably not a very good lawyer . 
  when people get this wrong and get made fun of the implication is that it 's embarrassing to only know the word from reading . 
  if you 're 35 and have n't used awry enough in spoken language to say it right it 's genuinely quite embarrassing . 
  i mean we do n't generally mock people for not pronouncing medical terminology or the names of uncommon drugs incorrectly , unless they happen to be a doctor in which case it 's troubling . 
  61 % of people can have a conversation in another in the uk apparently . 
  that 's not fluency though . 
  missing a few letters will do that . 
  honestly the uk is n't very good with languages . 
  there 's lots of bilinguals because they moved to the uk from countries where their 1st language was n't english , or because they are the children of such people . 
  of people who are fully british culturally , i.e people who seem way more british than anything else , regardless of colour , very few bother to learn 2nd languages to any decent level . 
  even many 3rd and 4th generation indians can only really speak a few scraps of hindi or whatever . 
  the only people like this i 've met with languages skills tend to either have a parent who is foreign , e.g french mother , had very educated middle class parents who took them to france every summer and were probably bilingual themselves , studied the language at university , or have spent a significant period of time in another country working or studying . 
  generally if people find out you 're bilingual they 'll ask you if you are from there or have family from there , next they might ask if that was your university subject . 
  if you say no you can be met with various funny reactions , some people are hugely impressed , some people are intimidated intellectually , and some view you like a flat out freak . 
  i think the only real difference is that in america immigrants are under more pressure to speak english and embrace american culture . 
  what with the whole idea of go to america in search of a new life , and the mentality of a country of immigrants means everyone is expected to play by the american rules and nobody can complain because everyone 's family was new here once . 
  the immigrants in the uk are often just there just because they know it 's a better if they do , but they do n't necessarily want a `` new life '' , furthermore , the british are generally a little more reluctant to expect immigrants to become `` british '' , because we 're not a nation of immigrants so we ca n't say it 's fair because everyone 's had to do it , pushing it on them would feel a lot more like a majority culture forcing itself on a minority . 
  in other parts of europe learning languages , especially english , is much more important and taken much more seriously , you 'll find english speaking nights for everything from teenagers to pensioners , it 's a strong indicator of education and people can be judged by it . 
  at my uni some computer genius had set up a hidden file sharing network directly over the university network infrastructure . 
  downloading a 2gb video in 10 seconds was cool . 
  yank just means american to me . 
  he is literally isis . 
  romania requires 3rd party vehicle insurance by law , unlike parts of the us . 
  in my experience sometimes the two are n't that different in extreme forms . 
  i never really knew about bipolar until i dated someone with a very bad case of it , i only new it from people using it somewhat incorrectly to mean someone who is fickle or has mood swings , which is actually very far from the reality . 
  however , if she went off her meds , as she was liable to do if she drank too much , smoke weed , or was simply feeling pissed off , she was prone to sometimes then it would be 24-48 hours of typical manic behaviour , starting by being bubbly , hyper , spontaneous , enthusiastic about everything , being prone to risk taking behaviour . 
  then it would start to get weird after a period of being `` up '' , it would go from silliness , like deciding she absolutely must cook a full breakfast at 3am , to strangeness like covering up all the mirrors in the house and obsessively checking the locks , moving around bits of furniture that were `` annoying her '' . 
  finally it would get really bad , extreme anxiety yes , but that can manifest itself in behaviours like this , behaviours that as a layman who knows nothing about psychiatry i would more readily associate with psychosis than bipolar disorder . 
  had i not known her diagnosis i would n't have immediately assumed bipolar disorder , because i did n't realise what that disorder is really like . 
  point is that bipolar disorder can cause behaviour like this , and what you might be seeing here , from my experience , could well be the end of a manic phase . 
  he could well be having intrusive thought that 's making him afraid of everyone there . 
  people should be aware that while bipolar is a `` mood disorder '' , it can be massively impact behaviour , it 's not the same as just feeling happy one moment and sad the next . 
  it 's more like waves over longer periods of times , with the peaks and troughs being unpleasant highly dangerous mental states that do n't compare to the regular spectrum of emotion . 
  bi-polar is n't a progressive or degenerative illness . 
  if you have n't had episodes like this then there 's no reason to believe you will start having them purely because you are diagnosed bi-polar . 
  always going to cause a shit show mentioning communism on reddit . 
  interesting video . 
  truth is that we 're at a time in history where things are massively changing . 
  historically capitalism has been very successful at keeping society ticking over , but it has always relied on balance created by peoples need for each other . 
  the rich needed the poor , that did n't stop them treating them badly , but they were needed . 
  now we 're moving towards a future where we can fundamentally question whether everyone is needed , and then what happens to the people who become surplus to requirement . 
  on that note . 
  why does reddit keep opening images and video windows when i open the comments thread ?
