  you can teach them about the outside world but i 'd stay away from anything politically sensitive . 
  focus on personal responsibility is not at all necessary for a functional morality or criminal justice system imo . 
  we put people in prison because they are a danger to society in some sense . 
  i feel sorry for the woman in this video . 
  we can all see how objectively speaking she 's ended up in such a shitty position that ascribing it solely to personal choice or lack of moral sensibility is a little crazy . 
  what sane person would choose to live in this fashion ? 
  people who have everything and choose to act in a way that harms people are the true scumbags . 
  people who come from nothing , have a horrible standard of living , and are just failing to function in society ; people who have fallen into patterns of anti-social behaviour and criminality due to the seeming incapacity to do anything but ; these people deserve some sympathy at least . 
  none of this makes it any less justified to punish them for criminal behaviour . 
  we ca n't allow such behaviour to go unpunished or society would simply cease to function properly . 
  however , we can take a different tact , and instead of directing our hatred towards them and ascribing their behaviour to something inherently evil in them deserving of hatred ; we can acknowledge that what we 're doing is somewhat for the greater good , and that really the best solution would be to intervene in their lives somehow . 
  giving them a chance to put themselves on as good trajectory as they can . 
  the type of accent you have makes a big difference towards how people treat you imo . 
  having a british accent in german is definitely up there among the better ones , alongside dutch and scandinavian accents . 
  if you sound eastern or southern european though people will be more likely to dismiss you as just some immigrant . 
  same goes in the uk , if someone hears a french accent they wo n't perceive that person as an economic migrant but merely a guest or visitor . 
  people often ask me how i 'm enjoying my holiday in germany despite the fact i live here full time . 
  as a foreigner , the closer your accent is to the perceived standard the more likely that you will be understood . 
  i 'd say only 1 % of people who speak another language ever `` lose their accent '' in any real sense . 
  they just get closer to the local standard but it 's always noticeable after hearing them say a few sentences . 
  if it makes you feel better that higher levels you are exposed to more regional dialects because you need to increase your listening skills and that includes hearing dialects that are n't just the perceived standard . 
  i 'd say the real conflict here is cultural not ethnic . 
  nobody gives two shits if someone is descended from traveller or roma stock . 
  in the case of the roma they would experience the same prejudices that any south-eastern european faces . 
  it 's not like the large communities in cities like birmingham who are descended from travelling communities , but do n't practise the culture any more , face any kind of discrimination for this reason . 
  most people are also happy with the idea that minority cultures should be protected and not have their culture wrestled away from them by the majority . 
  the real question is what aspects of the traveller lifestyle do we consider to be an integral part of their culture . 
  nobody cares if someone chooses to live in a caravan or moves around a lot , everyone can do that and even some non-travellers choose to live in caravans and move around . 
  the conflict arises when the culture comes into conflict with the law e.g. 
  access to various sites that have not be designated as sanctioned sites for travellers to live . 
  some would argue that if there is unused land available its their right as travellers to occupy it , however , a lot of people do not agree with that notion at all . 
  the reality is that while in principle there is no need for there to be a conflict between travelling communities and local non-traveller communities i.e. 
  no one is harmed by the existence of people who live in caravans , in reality we find that there always is a huge amount of conflict between travellers and local communities , normally around issues such as entitlement to occupy land , littering , noise pollution , and anti-social behaviour . 
  looking at things objectively there are obviously issues with low education and poverty in the travelling community , and it 's these things that have led to the negative perception and discrimination they face in society . 
  this , my friends , this is what empires are built on !, 
   endless your making money from youtube, 
  / facepalm . 
  i do n't think you 're in the position to lecture anyone on their life trajectory . 
  people fear what they do n't understand . 
  ca n't understand why people might spend hours working away at something on a computer instead of going outside and being conventional ? 
  there must be something perverse about it . 
  this was common in the 90s to be fair . 
  anyone who was `` into computers '' was immediately socially suspect . 
  they must be sexually perverse or socially inadequate was always the presumption . 
  seems like your mother never entered the 21st century . 
  suppose this was foreseeable since it was entitled `` america 's stoned kids '' . 
  it could have been worse , but i ca n't say i 'm fond of the presenter , the level of discussion , or general tone . 
  are these young people really so lucky for being relocated to a dreary seaside town on the south coast ? 
  obviously the proper name is a bap ... 
  i may just be a simple chap from the rural outskirts of the midlands but given our accent 's are universally mocked it 's only fair enough i share some grievances with yours , such as ... 
  does room rhyme with tomb or have the same sound as foot ? 
  does year rhyme with sheer or stir ? 
  does pure rhyme with for or newer ? 
  does a doley rhyme with holly or wholly or holy ? 
  does jury rhyme with story or fury ? 
  you 'd think if they were going to claim to speak properly , even in jest , they 'd be able to create some consistency . 
  i feel as if i 've learnt a great deal about the us and elsewhere that would n't ever be depicted in films or media generally . 
  please specific things , not stuff like vague opinions `` they 're all humble/arrogant '' or whatever . 
  so i went 25 miles directly to the east today and suddenly the people sounded like cockney farmers . 
  everyone said barth and parss and fink instead of think . 
  a few people even had the audacity to say noo instead of nyoo !, 
  northamptonshire is a scary place , i was glad to return to the security to warwickshire when i returned . 
  i do n't want to support the argies but i know the germans will be ever so smug if they win . 
  i 'm just a stone 's throw from oxfordshire which the south definitely lays claim to , but the county almost borders derbyshire . 
  if i go east they act like i live in an alternate universe despite the county running further south than northamptonshire . 
  the west midlands does n't see us as proper midlanders . 
  it 's hard not fitting in :(, 
  with the commonwealth games going on they wo n't stop banging on about it , yet it seems to be mythical place that does n't exist . 
  forgive me if i 'm wrong here but i 've been finding the [ wikipedia article on declension ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/german_declension ) slightly confusing . 
  this is because it seems to say that you simply use the strong inflection after words like `` wenig '' and numbers etc. 
  this got me mighty confused because as far as i understand it 's not strictly true . 
  for example `` die zwei kleinen kinder '' ( weak inflection ) is right . 
  not the `` die zwei kleine kinder '' ( strong inflection ) . 
  as far as i understand the strong inflection is only true of words like `` wenig '' and `` viel '' , and also numbers , because they are often used instead of both definite and indefinite articles , and so for all intents and purposes their most common usage normally falls under the no article category . 
  so if i 've got it straight :, 
  the weak inflection follows the definite article and `` der words '' ( jed , jen , jeglich , dies , manch , solch , welch , all , derselb , derjenig ) , all words that are themselves declined in a similar way to the definite article . 
  the strong inflection follows when there is no definite article or `` der word '' , and no indefinite article or `` ein word '' ( kein , irgendein , possessive pronouns ) . 
  the mixed inflection * follows the indefinite article and `` ein words '' ( kein , irgendein , possessive pronouns ) , all of which are words that follow the same declension as ein . 
  ( except when they 're in the predicative e.g that is yours ), 
  the only exception to these rules is when you have a quantity word that takes the indefinite article such as `` ein bisschen '' and `` ein paar '' , in these cases they are treated as if there was no indefinite article present and therefore take the strong inflection . 
  can anyone tell me if i 've got it ? 
  i will be ever so grateful . 
  full quote :, 
   i 've lived in places where you get your license at 16 by driving around a parking lot and i 've lived in places where you get your license after 18 and by completing quite a few hours at a driving school and passing a complicated test . 
  in my experience i would say that the biggest determinant to how people drive are the sanctions in place and the enforcement of those sanctions . 
  i 've lived in places in the states where it 's easy to get your license but cops will immediately pull you over if you drive like an idiot and places in europe where it 's complicated to get your license but it 's rare to get pulled over by a cop and i can say that people drive in a much more dangerous way in the latter . 
  [ link to comment ] ( www.np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2v7b1d/near_death_airplane_collision_with_skydiver_in/cofh4hb ), 
  despite all the [ evidence to the contrary ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate ), 
  america has worse dumb people apparently . 
  `` just know that this guy likely has guns and has buddies with guns . '', 
  `` this is the type of guy that pulls a gun on a cop , gets shot , and has a community rioting and up in arms '', 
  reply is a video about black people despite the guy in the relevant video not being black . 
  it seems really strange to me that myself and many people could sing or whistle a complicated melody involving lots of pitch intervals reasonably well , but if you played them middle c , whilst they could hum it back to you , when asked to go up a 4th would n't know what to do . 
  i mean we obviously know how to go up a fourth when singing a song we 've heard that contains that pitch interval , so why ca n't we isolate what the means to do that ? 
  i mean obviously some people are tone deaf and could barely hum the tune to happy birthday and that is fair enough . 
  but i feel like many people are capable of singing in tune but ca n't learn by reading music , they can only do it by hearing something first . 
  what 's even more maddening is that i 've spent a lot of time in my childhood singing music and was also taught to read music ( at least in the sense that i understand what each symbol is meant to represent ) . 
  however if you gave me a musical score i 'd be at a loss as to what it actually sounded like unless it was played to me or i slowly worked it out on the piano . 
  however for others they can easily pick up how to read the music properly and hear it in their heads once they 've had some practice . 
  it does n't make any sense to me , it 's like people are able to play chess before they know what each of the pieces can do .
