  this is more realistic than grabbing and pulling the gun to the right with your arm , which , asides having a higher chance of going wrong , does n't allow you to get your body and left arm out of the way as easily , increasing the risk of shooting yourself . 
  point is that this guy is making is that this is a realistic combat technique . 
  generally in films it 's very realistic , actions that look good and stylish are preferred over far more practical techniques , things like the chance of something going wrong , the weight of the weapon , the recoil , are just ignored . 
  this guy probably feels the same as many trained fighters when they see depictions of fighting on television . 
  that 's a terrible translation of the french into modern english when you think about it . 
  it would be clearer to translate whatever she said as `` pardon me sir , i did n't mean to do it '' . 
  in modern english `` i meant not to do it '' would probably be understood as indicating that you intended to neglect doing something wilfully and deliberately . 
  whereas `` i did n't mean to do it '' would be interpreted as an indication that there was no deliberate intention behind an action , which is what is appropriate here . 
  i guess whoever translated it either did n't speak english well or is taking poetic licence and trying to make it sound old fashioned . 
  but even then , `` i meant it not '' would be a better anachronism imo . 
  same the guy in the video does n't know how to say `` three penny bit '' , everyone knows it 's a threpniebit, 
  `` i meant not to do it '' and `` i did n't mean to do it '' are both valid english sentences , i did n't say they were n't , and both are used in modern contexts . 
  the problem is that the context of this event does n't fit the modern meaning of `` i meant not to do it '' . 
  look `` i meant not to dance at the party , but i did '' would mean that you intended to avoid or neglect doing something . 
  `` i did n't mean to dance that the party '' would mean you never had a deliberate intention to dance , but ended up doing anyway . 
  what it does n't mean , however , like the former , is that you set out with a deliberate intention to avoid or neglect doing something . 
  it 's not . 
  `` i meant not to dance , but in the end i did '' sounds like you had an intention to avoid dancing at the start of the evening , but eventually changed your mind . 
  `` i did n't mean to dance '' sounds like you went out with no real intention to dance or avoid dancing , but were swept away by the music involuntarily and could n't help but dance . 
  what the fuck is with this video . 
  is this really the best the royal mint can muster these days . 
  first he pronounces `` three penny bit '' in a ridiculous fashion like an american might , the most un-british you can be . 
  then he say `` the coin 's design reflects united kingdom 's heritage ... '' . 
  seriously ? 
  just `` united kingdom 's heritage '' not the united kingdom 's heritage . 
  is that what we 're doing now ? 
  it 's just `` united kingdom '' not `` the united kingdom '' anymore . 
  is this part of some rebrand strategy to seduce asian investors ? 
  or perhaps a ploy to retain the name when scotland leaves us ? 
  i bloody hope not , because it makes the uk sound like a 2nd rate company when you omit the `` the '' . 
  `` united kingdom 's sales have shot up by 18 % this quarter '' . 
  how perfectly dreadful . 
  give us our `` the '' and give us back out dignity . 
  is this what we are now ? 
  a nation of euro-knock off pound coining , see through plastic fiver spending , boris johnson believing , our arses for a trade deal selling , nissan appeasing , weak currency having , primark wearing , at john lewis adverts crying , walmart owned asda going , 2nd hand car salesmen called gaz ? 
  i 'm calling it now , i think we 're entering a period of `` naff britannia '' . 
  as our claims to past glories become increasingly hollow , our post ww2 assumptions of geopolitical relevance are found wanting , our national image takes a beating on the world stage , culture becomes ever more mingled with that of those fat bastards across the seas , i think the uk going to become a pretty tacky place to live . 
  yeah it drives me crazy . 
  almost all the brexiteers have got such strong opinions on the economy and geopolitics , yet clearly do n't know a thing about how it all works , not to mention never having taken an interest in anything prior to brexit . 
  there 's just no reasoning to it , they 've been told that `` the economy will bounce back , it 's just a temporary blip '' and that `` europe is in financial disarray and wo n't have any room to bargain '' that they believe it at the level of faith alone . 
  there is no data you can show them otherwise because they just reinterpret it according to their narrative . 
  pound down ? 
  it 's a boon for british exports . 
  britain in trade deficit ? 
  well it wo n't be soon with the weak pound will it !, 
  europe staged to take financial services away ? 
  good , we 're better off without bankers !, 
  they 're all crooks !, 
  europe saying they wo n't allow single market access without freedom of movement ? 
  they 're just trying to scare us !, 
  they 'll give up as soon as article 50 is invoked . 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  we do have someone appointed to make law , they 're call the cabinet , they are the ones making decisions and getting laws passed . 
  the civil service is literally serving them , bringing their attention to problems and keeping them up to date on what 's going on . 
  then they 're working on laws to be passed , the secretary for health for example will be working with the civil services proposing new laws . 
  mps represent their constituencies by either voting for or against these laws . 
  if their job was just to mill around their constituencies and argue in the commons they would n't have any real power . 
  their real power comes from their ability to vote on legislation and their influence within their party , including the ability to strongly affect who is its leader ( at least when compared to some random person on the street ) . 
  the worst thing was that everyone knew that whether the uk would be better off in or out was never actual question . 
  if you spoke to people who were highly educated , wealthy , in position of authority , 95 % of the time they 'd tell you that brexit was a dreadful idea . 
  however what the media did , including the bbc i 'll add , is patronise the voter by making it seem like the question were real . 
  if they 'd told the truth , which was almost complete consensus across the world that britain would be far better off in , and that most of the so called arguments for leaving fall apart them moment you start actually thinking critically , and even the one or two good things that might come out of brexit would n't be guaranteed ( even less immigration for example is n't guaranteed , as britain 's ageing population needs constant influxes of immigrants ) , then they would 've been accused of being biased . 
  i remember watching question time in the run up to brexit and just despairing at what i was seeing . 
  people were just spouting rhetoric and shouting and booing , there was no actual analysis of statements or attempt to question them . 
  it was just here 's a pro , and there 's a con , backwards and forwards without there being any time spent on qualifying or evaluating the claim . 
  it was just a pantomime . 
  say that much brexit support has a basis in racism , just roll out that token indian brexiteer , say that there 's no evidence that immigrants of pushing down wages , just bring out a single working class mother who swears they are , are you calling her a liar ? 
  say that the economy will suffer ? 
  oh it 's just project fear !, 
  it was very clever of the leave brigade to throw so much doubt on that argument , and especially effective since the average voter knows anything from very little to nothing about what the economy actually is . 
  i think the trend in brexiteer thought is this insipid childish narrative model of politics in which facts become meaningless and all nuance is destroyed . 
  they think losing finance will just hurt bankers , not see how the economy is interlinked and while bankers might have a bad rep of late we still need banks whether we like it or not . 
  they hate the eu for a few regulations that may have negatively affected british industry , without realising that we 'll lose out massively if we go , just in other industries . 
  they hate globalism and look back to a golden age despite living in a vastly safer , healthier , richer world than their parents did . 
  they see foreigners as a negative influence just because they heard about a few bad eggs and tar everyone with the same brush . 
  the average voter does not know what the economy is . 
  they have some value notion about it either being good or bad . 
  when it 's good they ignore it because there 's nothing to worry about for them and when it 's bad they principally only worry about their own income security . 
  deep down i think brexit is even more primitive . 
  the truth is that in a country of many millions , it 's just not possible for everyone to smart and educated , and the less educated people vote entirely in an emotional capacity , and ultimately we 're just hardwired to think of our towns and cities as `` ours '' and be angry when we feel too many new folk are moving in and diluting our share in it . 
  yes , minster is comedy , like all good comedy it has a modicum of truth , but ultimately it 's the cabinet who are signing off on laws . 
  people just had this idea of decisions being made abroad , even if they 're great decisions . 
  none of this comes down to facts , it comes down to worldview . 
  many people , especially the older generation , grew up being told that we 're a great independent nation that does n't need no help getting on in life , and the eu does n't fit the paradigm , thus they 're against it by default . 
  in fact with many brexiteers if you even question narrative of the uk being that great all on its lonesome you 're a traitor , saying the unspeakable . 
  i 'm sure even you if you guaranteed that becoming part of federalised europe would lead to britain becoming one of the richest parts of the richest nation in the world , they 'd still not want it . 
  yeah , but it does n't work even with a common carrier . 
  poor areas tend to undesirable places to live , fewer people means less population density , means infrastructure is inefficient , not worth sending trains to that part of the country that often as it costs too much . 
  what few trains do go there jack up the prices knowing the people have no alternative . 
  this problem is notorious in the uk , live major city en route to london , you 'll get a high speed train at a reasonable-ish price , leaving multiple times an hour . 
  live in a poor rural area ? 
  you 'll spending 2 hours going barely faster than a car in a banged up old shuttle type of affair from the 90s . 
  the storm comes to here in the city connemara , in the mill of caves . 
  we are very worried , because he dangerous be will . 
  i would not recommend , that someone in my situation in any aargh, 
  this video annoyed me , said more people were dying , did n't say if the data was per capita , over which age group , or anything . 
  anyway , it 's clear that it was n't just traditionally working class labour voters in the north that swung the vote , anyone with a brain did n't think that . 
  it was more that their support for leave was one of the most surprising turns of events in the referendum . 
  yeah , but that 's why people should 've listened to the experts . 
  i mean when you have the world saying it 's going to end badly if we leave i 'd tend to believe them .
