  if op did n't like business management what makes you think that accountancy is right for them . 
   take part time courses in management . 
  op just sound they did n't want like business management and ca n't see themselves pursuing that career . 
  did you even read the post ? 
   you do n't need a degree to earn money you seem smart . 
  i do n't think op cares how they `` seem '' , they probably care more about their realistic earning prospects . 
  that said , university is n't necessary to have a decent career . 
  op should be doing research to look at which careers are currently in demand that do n't require a degree , and start thinking about what suits them . 
  lol, 
  that makes no sense . 
  i can see how it prevents people living with kids they did n't arrive with , but how does it stop people leaving kids there . 
  the stamp would have to show the number of people that arrived , and the staff would have to check and then question anyone leaving about where the rest of their group was . 
  even then , people would only have to lie and say their husband or whoever already took them to the car . 
  i blame how massive egos and `` aim high '' attitudes are virtually encouraged by our society these days . 
  people do things the wrong way round . 
  how it 's meant to work : you start out doing something on a small scale to test your ability and gradually become proficient at it , the stakes are low so mistakes do n't really matter . 
  over time you gradually become competent at it , and eventually your sense of accomplishment and faith in your abilities becomes greater as you prove to yourself you 're able to handle larger challenges . 
  how people think it works : start out with a huge sense of accomplishment and unwavering faith in your own abilities apropos of nothing . 
  as at this stage you 're delusional , you already see doing something on a small scale as beneath you . 
  tricked by idiots into thinking that all you need to be rich and successful is big balls and a positive attitude ( this attitude is very appealing to people who do n't have obvious exceptional talents because it allows them to maintain their delusional belief that they 're going to be very important despite this fact ) , you massively overreach yourself without remotely having a clue what your doing , failing to think of even the most basic stuff . 
  you then crash and burn horribly and wonder to yourself why everything was n't `` alright on the night '' as hollywood has taught you normally happens to the protagonists in stories ( and you clearly envision yourself as the hero in a the story that is your life ) . 
  the typical reaction then is to blame everyone else who bought into the idea of whatever you were trying to accomplish , projecting incompetency and inflexibility onto them . 
  if only everyone working on the project were as clever and adaptable as yourself , then the whole event would 've been a success right ? 
  it 's the desperate attempt of an inflated ego to protect itself from realising its own mediocrity and incompetency . 
  i can just imagine the backers of that fyre festival now . 
  rich kids who drive sports cars and wear designer cloths , fronting like they 're already successful , despite it all being daddy 's money and their being people who 've never achieved anything of worth in their lives . 
  together they hatch a plan of a scale reflective of their egos rather than their ability , egged on by a culture that conflates the trappings of success with success itself . 
  many people seem to believe this ridiculously notion that if you act like you 're successful then success will come , rather than it being the other way around . 
  it 's this whole `` dress for the job you want not the job you have '' philosophy applied not just to clothes but to entire lifestyles . 
  this piece of advice is fine when it comes to office suits but is n't great when it comes to anything that actually matters . 
  to be fair , having a festival on an island reachable only by air is an utterly insane idea by anyone 's standards . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you approached big companies who have already successfully organised similar events they 'd tell you that it 's a disaster waiting to happen and you should rethink your strategy . 
  to start with somewhere like the bahamas is already a high risk location . 
  it 's a set of small islands with island infrastructure , and you 're already taking a huge risk with the weather as poor conditions could ruin it even if everything else is perfect . 
  if you insist on having your festival in the bahamas , then you should probably choose a location with the best infrastructure you can find , not a small secluded island that require people to rely on small scale infrastructure ( see : not designed for many people ) to get your to and fro . 
  that means a location close to the main airport with amenities within a few miles , preferably an areas with a track record of hosting events of a similar scale . 
  your customers might by up for some `` glamping '' but your acts and vip staff certainly wo n't be . 
  where are the hotels ? 
  where are the services like shops and restaurants ? 
  you need to choose a location within a reasonable reach of these things else people are going to get cagey when they realise they 're being summoned to an island with no easy way to travel to these things . 
  how are you going to get all the equipment needed for a world class event to your island ? 
  you 're going to have to rely on local services , and given that there wo n't be a huge amount of choice , the likelihood of your finding contractors who can provide a world class service is very low . 
  are you going to pay to fly contractors out from a bigger country like the us or what ? 
  because that 's going to cut into your margins significantly . 
  there is simply no reason for this festival to exist . 
  anyone with an ounce of business acumen would 've immediately seen that the novelty that setting the event on an `` island paradise '' confers is n't actually worth the expense and risk , and you could do the whole thing on a beach in miami and get the same effect . 
  the problem is that this hair brained idea was probably dreamt up by a bunch of egotistical amateurs , and the island paradise setting was the gimmick at the core of the venture , meaning they were sold to it before they 'd even started . 
  it was probably also what justified their charging a great deal more than the average festival rate for tickets . 
  they were doing the typical rich idiot thing which is trying to make a service aimed at other rich idiots , and knowing how rich idiots think they knew the island idea would appeal due to the image of rarefied exclusivity that conjures up . 
  a competent team would 've spotted the problems with the project early on and would 've adapted it to suit the reality rather than just powering through on self-belief alone . 
  sadly , people have been taught that self-belief is all you need and that somehow the universe will be overcome by your faith and everything will turn out alright . 
  it 's the stupid man 's philosophy of getting rich , and rappers ( like ja rule ) , personify this stupid mentality . 
  edit : i 'll add that imo the secret to success in life is nothing to do with positive attitude and everything to do with being positive when it 's rational to be positive , and resisting the temptation to fear too much , and being negative when it 's rational to be negative , and resisting the temptation to hope too much . 
  the reason this culture of positivity exists is because one of the great traps in life is to allow your temptation to fear overcome you despite it rationally not being justified is often a problem many clever self-aware types fall into , and thus they become paralysed into inaction just to be safe . 
  this is why this attitude of being a `` doer '' is so common , as you wo n't get successful sitting in your bedroom having ideas but not acting on them . 
  sadly this mentality in the hands of someone who is already overconfident is like giving a machine gun to a 5 year old . 
  the rise of right wing populism is highly related to :, 
  minority issues coming to to the forefront of left wing discourse . 
  making the discourse about sexuality , gender , race , non-native born population , etc. 
  has alienated the white british working classes and encouraged them to go to ukip etc. 
  making left wing discourse too focussed about moral issues concerning people who are in need or vulnerable i.e the type of people who receive help from the state , has had the same effect . 
  it 's not that i disagree with any of these causes , merely that they have n't been balanced with the need to have popular policy based around pleasing the proletariat at large . 
  in this regard , the people who support ukip are right in that the left no longer puts much priority on their interests ( although i find their choice of solution disconcerting and absurd ) . 
  the left was successful at various point in time because the vast majority of ordinary people saw labour as the party who is looking out for our interests . 
  with blair they became the party of the `` other '' , and lost popular support , and wo n't succeed again until they win in back . 
  if we 'd paid more attention to the dissatisfaction in economically lagging areas of middle england in the last decade we 'd never be in this shitty situation with brexit and the left seemingly unable to mount a proper opposition as they tear themselves apart trying to balance the votes of progressives and the old left socialists . 
  sadly i do n't see how this will change , as the left wing portion of the population for whom either left wing ideology or identity politics are the priority are incredibly hysterical and will rush to label any alternative discourse as racist , sexist , capitalist etc. 
  and this has been a highly effective way of shutting down discussion meaning the left is in its own world and has little hope of capturing the majority of regular people until that changes . 
   but i find the idea of really being a champion of such a soulless , grey and boring ideology sort of odd . 
  that 's the best kind of political ideology . 
  colourful ones are the dangerous ones . 
  for me the success of neoliberalism is best shown by the blair years , which people keep forgetting when pretty damn great . 
  increased public spending combined with economic growth . 
  sadly lots of people seem to blame blair 's strong economic policy for the recession , which is bullshit given it was a * global * recession that affected the whole world . 
  also many people fail to differentiate between blair 's massively unpopular foreign policy and his otherwise sound domestic policy . 
  yeah , that 's madness i 'm afraid , giving people more political power simply for having more children , i do n't think such a system is remotely feasible . 
  lowering the voting age would be a lot more effective . 
  yes and no , you have to consider the fact that boom and bust is part of the economy , and that we had a long boom era prior to the recession which did benefit people . 
  oversight in regard to financial regulation definitely did cause the recession , but that does n't mean all the changes that led prosperity prior to it were ill advised . 
  it 's very easy to blame the recession on neoliberalism , but i think this idea is partially pushed by people with agenda who want neoliberalism to fail . 
  in reality it 's a imperfect ideology with some positive aspects . 
  a bit like democracy , you can criticise it all you want but until you have an alternative it 's not worth much . 
  free market economics clearly make a lot of sense , why artificially mess with the economy to make sure that job that could easily go to less developed economies stay in britain . 
  what you 've got to do is make your population able to perform roles that are fitting of a developed economy and not force low skills jobs to stay in the uk . 
  sadly the uk struggles with this , whereas other countries have been more effective at putting the general population to work doing things that can not simply be recreated in china or india . 
  except it is n't giving political power to people more effected by politics , it 's giving it to those who churn out more kids , and handing parents responsibility to act in their children 's interest ( which is highly trusting in the first place ) . 
  instead of a pensioner heavy electorate we 'd have a parent heavy one , which could be equally problematic ( too much focus on house prices and schools over prospects for young single adults and care of the elderly for example ) . 
  a more effective solution would be to give people under 40 two votes , but this would go against the almost religiously ingrained notion of one vote per person . 
  lol i literally could n't follow her nonsense narrative and just closed out the tab . 
  good example of horrible writing . 
  no offence mate but i do n't see how having a kid makes the same as if you were two people . 
  that 's not true in the slightest . 
  a weighting in favour of families might have a temporary advantage but long term it 's still a lack of balance . 
  too much focus on any one thing disproportionately is long term never a good thing . 
  the reality is that 1 vote per person is a core premise of our democracy to the point where people would get very angry if it was challenged . 
  i 'm still having a hard time understanding why you think having a kid makes you equal in value to two people . 
  you are affected * , and your kid is too . 
  your kid gets a vote but does get to use that right until he 's more mature for obvious reasons . 
  i do n't know why you think that vote should default to the parents purely because they spawned him . 
  yes you are financially responsible for him but that does n't mean you own his political mandate .
