  although i do n't think the message endorses this existence , for it draws our attention to the absurdity of it . 
  one because we can see from our perspective how much easier life could be without the constant wind , and two because we see that someone must artificially create the wind to keep the society going . 
  it a metaphor for the modern human condition , we are dependent upon constantly struggling against something and if that is taken away everything would cease to function , consequently we also require that society have in place methods to artificially create resistance . 
  in our windy world we can not function without it . 
  this idea is spot on really , having relevance in history , philosophy and economics . 
  how much of the impetus for scientific progress has been directly generated by war and competition . 
  how much social change was motivated by a resistance to oppression and exploitation . 
  how much innovation has been generated by the desire for personal economic gain . 
  how much change in society has occurred since the development of modern economic systems where inflation will diminish wealth unless it is invested in something aimed at adapting the system toward further generation of wealth ? 
  yet is it possible that this will one day become a crutch for humanity , could we adapt our society to function without the wind ? 
  i think this video is suggesting we could , but it would mean a total re-envisioning of everything we think we know . 
  wow i would watch the shit out of this if it were feature length, 
  how would we even go about terraforming mars . 
  anyone knowledgeable about this ? 
  all i can think is get an asteroid made of ice into orbit around it , then slowly bring giant chucks of it , heat them into water , spray a lot of this into the atmosphere and dump it on the ground , the rest electrolysis into oxygen , which is let into the atmosphere and the hydrogen used as fuel . 
  fuck knows where there energy comes from , we probably need a million nuclear reactors or some type of super solar technology . 
  is there carbon there ? 
  because we need co2 as well to up the atmospheric density . 
  maybe when all this was achieved we could bioengineer some martian microbes and simply fauna like lichen adapted to the environment to fight it out into an ecosystem and do some useful work extracting nutrients with photosynthesis . 
  sounds very expensive and would require a long long time . 
  i 've been in a crash around that speed , maybe a little higher , i went into the side of a car that had n't seen me and pulled in front of me on a main road . 
  luckily everyone was fine , my seatbelt saved my arse . 
  truth is speed is only a factor in crashes . 
  some people crash at 90 and get only bruising , some at 30 and get put in a wheelchair for the rest of their life , which is why you must always been paying attention no matter how fast you 're going . 
  i read it was a lot less dense than than earth 's though, 
  i be fair i reckon they bribed those people on the roof to let them spend 5 minutes looking at them . 
  it 's amazing what 10,000 taiwan dollars will do . 
  about 1/3 the average yearly salary and equivalent to 200 pounds or 320 us dollars . 
  meh i doubt it , bribe the right people and they 're not going to give a fuck if you film their shark fins , it 's hardly cocaine production . 
  whoever is running that operation has bribed all the right people anyway , the authorities no doubt know what 's going on . 
  so who cares if the westerners film it . 
  worst case scenario the exposure is so shocking to the west that they get pressured from their government and have to move their shark drying elsewhere . 
  that 's not it . 
  if they just waste some westerners in their area then the respective embassies are going to be phoning up the taiwanese government , some official is going to get pissy and contact the local chief of the police and all of a sudden the crooks are getting some unwanted attention and a show of strength by the ( crooked ) cops going in and fucking up their enterprise . 
  far easier to pressure the westerners for a bribe so they can look around with permission . 
  worst thing that happens they have to move their shark fin drying location a few streets over . 
  you are being dumb . 
  a few dead westerners , especially famous westerners who are on television , is going to trump any bribes the crooks might have provided the police . 
  that kind of shit becomes political . 
  the government will want heads to roll to try to counter the negative publicity , whichever local gangster who controls those roofs will probably end up in a ditch somewhere as an example to other crooks to keep their heads low , and it 's the police who will do it . 
  if you think you can just kill celebrity chefs with impunity then you have no idea how crime works . 
  you 're the one who does n't understand how in depth crime is , it 's tied to the police and to the government . 
  if influential westerners die everyone fucking loses . 
  the local pd is n't going to back the local crime lord when it 's got the government up its arse who 've got the british embassy up it 's arse who 've got the tabloids baying for blood over the murder of one of britain 's top chefs . 
  [ we 're getting closer !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hmcx44-skls ), 
  you forgot the in out in out shake it all about . 
  north america is continent because america big , yoropoors must learn , yorope small !, 
  * yes sir ? ... 
  affirmative * ^ also ^ when ^ the ^ fuck ^ is ^ ra2 ^ going ^ open ^ source ^ i ^ need ^ it ^ in ^ my ^ life, 
  it 's when anyone , straight or gay , male or female , creates a fake profile on a social / dating site to attract people , only for the charade to be exposed upon meeting that person . 
  there are stories of people having been talking to someone for months or even years online only to find out someone is n't who they say they are because they were suckered in by people who created dozens of fake profiles to authenticate their existence and even would steal and duplicate profiles of people they did n't know to recreate them elsewhere . 
  hell it 's pretty scary , someone on your facebook friends list might 've downloaded your entire profile and have another copy of you under a different name in part of facebook that has no connection with you or your circles . 
  there was a decent documentary made on it that led to a suckier television programme after that . 
  yeah like the damn brits pursuing aggressive expansion into the ruhr valley , and the damn brits invading poland for lebensraum , and now the damn brits funding and arming separatists in ukraine so they can hold illegal referendums to become part of britain . 
  damn brits , always the aggressors and never the ones responding to aggression . 
  just another example of the failures of the drug wars . 
  legislatures who are against drugs are literally killing people who move into the rc market to avoid possible legal ramifications of using drugs that have often been around for hundreds of years and we well understand the effects of , weed , cocaine , opiates etc. 
  or are at least scientifically well understood like amphetamine . 
  the move towards banning drugs is entirely centred around the notion of moral panic . 
  there is no moral panic around coffee , cigarettes and alcohol because they are ingrained in our culture , but anything else is demonised as a foreign or alien influence . 
  the toll of the drugs war has been immense and honestly the blood of those people is directly on the hands of the legislators who fought against it . 
  it 's about time everything was legalised the world over and all the money that was spent on fighting a drugs war was put into promoting a healthy lifestyle and failing that , responsible recreational drug use . 
  so what ? 
  hitler did n't want to massacre the bef because it would 've increased the political impetus for war against him . 
  but so fucking what ? 
  he wanted a treaty with britain but he also wanted to appropriate all the nations he perceived as germanic into a greater germany . 
  so are britain are the aggressors for not letting hitler shit all over their allies like poland , netherlands , belgium , denmark and france ? 
  you 're insane if you think that . 
  britain was never the aggressors , they just stood up for their allies from military aggressors like the kaiser , hitler and now putin . 
  there systems in place that deal with stuff like that . 
  prisoners who are repeat offenders or commit major crimes into prison will be funnelled away from the ordinary inmate population into my situations that deny them more privileges , more opportunities to harm others , and focus on a rehabilitation in a different way . 
  no prisoner should be considered beyond redemption , however those that have shown themselves to be dangerous have to be moved away from those who are more likely to improve their lives . 
  that 's a risk you have to take , that guy was also a psychopath who adeptly manipulated prison staff . 
  i 'm pretty sure not what they were saying . 
  i think they were saying do n't be a snitch , but if you personally are going to get raped or murdered then you need to tell someone even if you do n't identify who the person is . 
  in some cases you can get transferred to another prison or wing to avoid those people without it being obvious why . 
  obviously you 've got to do everything in your power to ensure the person is ready to be allowed to interact with society again , but you ca n't give up on the number of prisoners who are earnestly trying to be rehabilitated just because one psychopath manages to trick multiple levels of assessment and kills someone else the moment they 're allowed on weekend break . 
  it 's so totally fucked to say that just because someone breaks the law then society should just give up on them . 
  every one of us is just one unfortunate drunken bar fight or trumped up drugs charge away from prison ourselves . 
  your points do n't make sense . 
  obviously they 're going to try to make sure they 're ready when they let them out on days passes or parole or whatever , but there is a limit to how certain anyone can be , therefore there is a risk . 
  saying that 's a risk they have to take does n't imply they should blas\u00e9 about that risk . 
  i do n't see what relevance the fact that it 's a government agency making the call , such agencies make similar calls every day when they decide which safety standards to implement or which parts of the infrastructure to repair . 
  so someone makes a mistake and their punishment should be an unwanted child who 'll probably have a shitty life because the parent might be emotionally and financially prepared for them at that point in their life , all because a bunch of cells has the potential to grow into person . 
  pull the fucking other one . 
  nobody uses abortion as a form of contraception , the process is traumatic for those who have to go through it , especially if it 's not caught early . 
  by your logic nobody should use contraception , and nobody should masturbate because it 's all wasted potential for human life , utterly absurd . 
  the different between an impregnated embryo and sperm being killed at the cervix by a spermicide on a diaphragm is totally academic . 
  both would have the potential to become humans were it not for the actions of the mother . 
  suggesting people get abortions for convenience and sexual freedom is downright insulting , what 's immoral is forcing unwanted babies to be born potentially ruining the mother 's and the child 's life , sort your fucking head out . 
  in my studies of philosophy there was n't really anybody who gave a shit about atheism . 
  what we studied was mostly quite technical and outside the ordinary spheres of debate so nobody was going to make brash statements about the existence of god . 
  it would be like having a debate about free will , the subject is so immense and encompassing a statement like `` free will , yay or nay '' would be considered a layman 's debate . 
  unless you 're going to spend a very long time laying out in prepositions exactly what you mean by `` free will '' the debate was pointless . 
  the worst people on the course were the hardcore lovers of continental philosophy who were into stuff like derrida , foucault , lacan , neo-marxism and hegel . 
  they were always sjw types and would n't be able to talk about anything before producing a bunch of / r/iamverysmart - esque nonsense about dialectics , synthesis and the other . 
  critical theory is mostly just a cult for people to push whatever fucking agenda they want and have their disciples tell them how great they are . 
  they have their own special vocabulary of nonsense words so you could n't really critique their arguments without them just calling your ignorant for not being in their club . 
  bunch of pseudo-intellectual wankers they were .
