  actually the conservatives are loving the snp because they 're taking a lot of votes away from labour right now . 
  that 's not how it works shitlord !, 
  women are princesses and they get to be the choosers !, 
  have n't you seen all the television programmes aimed at young girls in which the female protagonist has men fighting over her because of how special she is !, 
  ( she may even have super powers , be attractive to men who do , or be the chosen on whom the world depends ! ), 
  these works of fiction prove how deserving all woman are !, 
  a man turning down a woman who shows interest should be illegal because any man should be flattered by a woman showing interest in a inferior male being !, 
  women are beautiful at any size !, 
  women are beautiful no matter what their faces look like !, 
  woman are beautiful at any age !, 
  however men need who have a ounce of body fat or have unconventional facial structures are disgusting and should be put in prison away from the female population !, 
  women are inherently beautiful inside and therefore they deserve a man who is outwardly attractive . 
  / u/isreactionary _ bot kingofeggsandwiches, 
  it can be pat , just not patty , a patty is what you have in burgers . 
  you will offend irish people if you call him st. patty . 
  [ there 's even a website about it ] ( http://paddynotpatty.com/ ), 
  no because the irish do n't call it paddy because they conflate t 's and d 's , that 's simply the diminutive form of the name . 
  american however hear st. paddy and think people are saying st. patty . 
  damn you got there before me, 
  remember , america is the only country that believes any ethnicity can be their nationality , everywhere else is full of 19th century notions of blood and soil . 
  americans are special and remarkable in this regard , and thus exceptional and above everyone else in the world ethically . 
  downvote if you 're butthurt all you like . 
   as an american , i believe that us is the greatest country in the world at everything . 
  except for beer . 
  europe whoops our ass in beer . 
  even this is cringeworthy, 
  that 's exactly why it 's super annoying , it 's because people who have n't even bothered to look up the rule have to decided that `` x and me '' sounds uneducated and now are guilty of the very same mistake as the people they discriminate against . 
  in many ways i have more respect for someone who naively uses `` x and me '' in every case more than someone who pretentiously use `` x and i '' in every case without actually taking the time to learn the grammar . 
  you just say `` bingo ''  . , 
  i knew i knew it from somewhere . 
  the example you 're using is different though . 
  `` you and i play a lot of football '' , `` he gave the money to me and her '' is the regular rule . 
  `` he runs faster than i '' is the exception where `` i '' goes in the object position because it 's a comparative and a shortening of `` he runs faster than i run/do '' . 
  another supposed exception is linking verbs , technically you 're meant to say `` it is i '' rather than `` it 's me '' , but this is n't so readily observed any more . 
  it 's not so much people getting confused that i have a problem with , if people want to say `` you and me should go the fair '' , as so many do , i could n't give a damn . 
  what fucks me right off though are kind of people who think `` you and me should go to the fair '' is `` uneducated '' , but themselves go around saying `` he gave it to you and i '' smugly believing this makes them `` more educated '' when in fact they 're equally wrong . 
  to make a mistake like `` he gave it to you and i '' takes a conscious effort on the behalf of the speaker , it is a hyper-correction deriving from a sense of disdain for speakers who you `` you and me '' in the subject position , and that 's just fucking appalling . 
  if you 're going to try and sound educated the least you could fucking do is google how something actually works rather than believing this of yourself and still getting it wrong . 
  i think you 're the one on drugs . 
  you 're not thinking long term . 
  yes this is a big hit for the lib dems but it 's not like they 're going to disappear of the face of the earth . 
  give it 10-15 years and nobody will be thinking about what happened in 2015 . 
  it 's not like such things have n't happened before . 
  it 's not remotely the same though , due to the protections workers currently have in the uk . 
  sure in the us if someone sacks you on the grounds of race , gender and so on you can take them to court and cash in , but in the uk certain conditions have to be met before they can sack you . 
  for example if they sack you on the grounds of your work being unsatisfactory they might have to demonstrate that , they might have to show that they gave you x many warnings about your behaviour / work before they booted you . 
  in the us sacking is a lot easier for the management , as long as they 're not sacking you for discriminatory reasons they 're golden , whilst in the uk they would have to be able to provide a solid reason . 
  it 's not the same . 
  do n't worry , the uk right wing parties are only about as far right as the democrats anyway , i 'd still rather be in the uk since they do n't have to worry about republicans who would be considered right wing extremists over there . 
  they do n't believe this and if you look at the way the world is going it 's patently not the case sadly . 
  a strong middle class means sharing too much of the pie and right wingers have been secretly doing everything to undermine the middle class they can . 
  they know that you 'll always have aspirational types trying to make money , so you can have a system with the very rich who control the real wealth , the lower class who have to work themselves into the grave for pittance getting paid just to enough to keep themselves housed and fed , and then a class of aspirational suckers who will also work themselves into the grave , take on a ridiculous student loans , commute an hour a day and live in a overpriced housing just to have a shot at # 10,000 more a year than a member of the working class anyway . 
  when the middle class become affluent , buy houses , rely on job security and have lots of spare cash they 're just too politically influential . 
  it 's much better to create a dire sense of false scarcity , so the uneducated will think themselves lucky to earn 15k a year , the so called `` middle class '' will prostitute themselves and bankrupt themselves at the prospect of 25k a year , and the rich can relax with their amassed capital earning good interest . 
  you 're being naive . 
  that loan is going to sap away at your buying power until you 're well into middle age . 
  all the dreams like owning your own house and such are being diminished by the fact someone is charging you personally for something at could easily be paid across society through taxation . 
  it 's also ideological , insofar as we no longer feel obliged to invest as a society into a children 's futures by providing them education , and are moving the responsibility to the individual . 
  it was bad enough when the fees with 3k a year , but now they 're 9k it 's an actual travesty , not to mention the effect this has on the diversity of education in the uk , since nobody is pursuing education for its own sake any more but only with the goal of increasing their future earnings . 
  if the conservatives had their way we be parked a few hundred kilometres off the coast of the usa . 
  it would make the london bankers feel much more at home so close to their fellow wall street cronies . 
  it 's not all that uncommon since sometimes parties are split on an issue of policy , however it 's still only the minority of cases where you have controversial bills being put through . 
  now you 'll see that most new bills get passed . 
  i think we tried that once in ireland , it did n't end well . 
  it 's because people do n't vote on ideological grounds any more . 
  nobody thinks about the bigger picture . 
  all the old folk are voting tory because they want austerity to protect their pensions and investments , all the home owners are voting tory because they too want a strong economy to drive up the value of their houses . 
  speak to anyone with money over 40 and to them politics = economics . 
  the poor and the young can go fuck themselves . 
  so many middle aged people have deluded themselves into believing the young are lazy and the poor deserve to be poor and they 're poor because they 're work shy . 
  they point blank refuse to acknowledge the mass of opportunities they had when they were young do n't compare remotely to what we have now . 
  government debt is n't remotely comparable to personal debt , so let 's not get those two conflated . 
  furthermore many countries manage to pay for university through tax and maintain a higher gdp than the uk , maybe we should be trying to copy those countries rather than saying fuck it , make the individual responsible . 
  just because one government attempt to staunch a problem fails does n't mean we should take up such right wing policies . 
  it was britons , let 's not get picky . 
  i know it is , but the uk laws are just stricter than the us 's whichever way you put it which is the point here . 
  you actually believe this shit which is fucking hilarious . 
  we do n't hate you , we just think you political system is abhorrently in the favour of the minority rather than the whole , which it is . 
  there is a general consensus on western europe about the rights of the individual to be protected from exploitation , and the system in the us does n't compare . 
  nobody is claiming the us has no workers ' rights , merely that it has less , which is true . 
  you are projecting a circlejerk onto it , where one does n't exist . 
  actually most of these countries do have a free public health service , just because they use the bismarck model rather than the beveridge does n't mean that people are n't collectively paying towards a publicly regulated state supported system . 
  this kind of `` choose one '' mentality is absolutely fucking ridiculous , the fact is we can afford both if we are willing to part with a tiny slice of our earnings , we have afforded it before and countries afford it now , even some with lower gdp per capita than the uk . 
  you are confusing government debt and personal debt because you are suggesting we have government debt because we `` overspent '' like someone who ca n't control their shopping sprees . 
  in fact we only went into too much debt because of poor fiscal decisions made by banks and regulators leading to the global recession . 
  this type of simplistic `` choose one '' and balance the books mentality of the economically uneducated is exactly how right wing governments obtain the consent of people who would be better off under alternative forms of government . 
  it 's exploiting people are in fact naively uneducated on the matter than are readily willing to blame everyone else for a imaginary state of national poverty . 
  another myth is that nationalised / socialised industry can not be as efficient as the private sector which is pure shit . 
  paying for university and healthcare through taxes does not have to be `` throwing money at it '' , in fact the country in which i live , germany , manages national industry far more efficiently that much of the british private sector , which in many regards is a joke . 
  sure sometimes governments do fail with public spending and overpay for stuff , but the answer to that is to fix the damn national industry and not to privatise it as so many right winger ignorantly believe . 
  a perfect example is the healthcare system in the us , where the government ends up paying more per capita on healthcare than any country with a nationalised system . 
  lol the old nato myth , love that one . 
  keep the fox news propaganda coming , it 's cute . 
  3 books ? 
  what on earth are you on about now . 
  we do have the ability to afford this , that 's what i 'm saying . 
  that includes the rest of the country . 
  this false dichotomy of either this or that is ridiculous . 
  oh yeah , because us military spending is n't about protecting their international financial interests and projecting us hard political power . 
  they 're protecting us from imaginary bogiemen like iran , russia and china , countries that pose no threat whatsoever .
