  i do n't know why anyone pretends cricket is hard to understand . 
  if you watched it for 15 minutes it would be patently obvious . 
  sure there are few things that might seem a little confusing at first like how the overs work or the lbw rule , but it 's basic premise in really not that complicated . 
  something something russia . 
  it 's not usually to do with the land itself , but the people living there . 
  the inhabitants of the falklands for example are staunchly british with no interest in becoming argentinian . 
  politics is not just about monetary cost , had britain allowed argentina to take the falklands it would have opened up a precedent for other attempts to grab land . 
  it 's like in prison , you ca n't show weakness , even if over small things , if someone borrows your toilet roll even when you 've got plenty of toilet roll without asking you have to make an issue of it , because a small conflict over something small is better than opening the door for to more rampant offences . 
  one world government . 
  the terran dominion, 
  fizzy drink or soft drink are the generic terms . 
  soft drink is anything that is n't alcoholic , fizzy drink is anything carbonated . 
  soda is only used for soda water = sparkling water . 
  pop is what kids call fizzy drinks . 
  despite all that people will just call stuff by it 's proper name , coke , lemonade and so on . 
  although remember lemonade in europe is a carbonated lemon flavoured soft drink , not that weird homemade stuff in the us . 
  no , ale and bitter are different styles with different brewing methods . 
  well for me mop ruined what little interest i had in the game with the talent tree overhauls . 
  i 'd played from vanilla through to panda , but really i had my golden age during the burning crusade when i was younger and able to spend week nights raiding non-stop from 6 til 10 . 
  after that my only interest was in casual pvp play which i 'd always loved , each expansion before that just felt like a twist an adaptation on what i already knew . 
  suddenly in mop everything was wrong and different , it totally killed my interest , i simply could n't be bothered to relearn to play my class again . 
  i do n't think modern wow is a bad game , but it 's just an entirely different game from what it was before . 
  i liked the rough and ready style the game originally had , back then you 'd find glitches all the time , stuff would be broken , it was a struggle . 
  we 'd exploit stuff , use stuff not as intended , find gear that had weird crazy bonuses and stuff . 
  i remember learning to wall jump just to get to bosses and stuff . 
  now it 's just this polished game which does n't allow the creativity it used to . 
  every time they added something , flying mounts , inscription , transmogrification , dungeon queue , raid queue , merged servers , race change , faction change , resilience buff , purchasable gear , the removal of pvp titles , it all just felt like a step away from the ghetto game i enjoyed , and a movement towards something slicker and more commercial . 
  i do n't really blame blizzard for doing this but it 's not what i personally would want . 
  why do people keep linking this inappropriately . 
  i 've seen it like 5-6 times on irrelevant things . 
  no , nobody wants to know what things are in imperial , because those who ca n't use metric are de facto morons . 
  i never suggested otherwise , in fact that 's actually the point , the only ones who can only understand imperial left are the morons . 
  the lyrics of stromae are always so poignant . 
  if you did n't understand them you 'd just hear some catchy dance tune . 
  meh i do n't agree . 
  i mean if you watch a video by sting or david bowie these days of course there are some cringe elements , the haircuts and clothes looks ridiculous , but you can acknowledge the quality and authenticity of the music . 
  swings and roundabouts , something has a lifespan in the public imagination until it becomes clich\u00e9d and the pendulum swings in the opposite direction . 
  fashion , music , art it 's all about these cycles , some of the cycles are big and may take decades , some of the cycles are small and nip back and forth every 5 years or so . 
  i mean the classic example is how hippies of the late 60s and early 70s were a reaction to the post war generation , and then the disco of the late 70s and the greed is good ethos of the early 80s was a reaction against that . 
  the the hipsters and rebellious nature of the 90s was a reaction against the synthetic cheesiness of the 80s . 
  the in the 00s what do you see , a return to pop music and produced beats . 
  there 's this constant battle between two ideas , one is that `` the mainstream is cheesy , commercial and inauthentic , let 's go underground '' compared with `` the underground is pretentious , hypocritical and inauthentic , let 's go mainstream '' . 
  when i was like 13 in the 90s everyone wanted to into some sub-culture and have some kind of allegiance to a genre , if you did n't you were a loser , but the time i was in my late teens in the early 2000s that kind of cliquey , pretentious thinking your different from everyone else just made you a huge douche . 
  of course it 's not that simple , there 's always other stuff going on , in the 90s for example while some kids were grunging it up in places like seattle , others were getting into gangsta rap and hip-hop , a reaction against the cheesy 80s rap music scene . 
  then by the 00s those rappers had gone from saying how they were gangbangers in the hood to boasting about their clothing lines , throwing cash in the air and saying how they 'd made it out of the hood . 
  in the late 00s in the us you see the rise of edm , something that was more associated with the 90s in europe , and of course what was the edm style that captured america 's imagination but dubstep and stuff like that , which itself was a movement away from the by then clich\u00e9d big beat , house and techno that had prevailed in the late 90s and early 00s . 
  it took the death of he stereotypical euro-dance culture for america to allow edm back into their hearts . 
  everything is just cycling , but it never comes back the same because times change and there 's too many variables , but when you look at the aggregate it 's clear there are patterns . 
  the problem is we get old and eventually stop looking to these emergent trends and seeing them with the same eyes . 
  who knows what the next big thing will be ( seriously if anyone 's got any ideas tell me ) , i have a feeling that i 'm too old to be part of it now . 
  that 's not remotely the point at all . 
  the point is that people who can only understand imperial these days are idiots ( or least very old , they get a pass ) . 
  you seem to have some kind of insecurity because you 're interpreting this as attack on americans when they have n't even been mentioned . 
  yeah probably some dodgy service that just spams reddit with shit to get video 's out there . 
  why should someone in bulgaria learn english when everyone around them speaks bulgarian ? 
  why should someone learn names of currencies in a different country when they never use that money ? 
  why should someone learn the names of countries and continents around the world when they spend most their time in their own country . 
  i personally use miles , feet and inches , stones and pounds , but i still know how to work in kilometres , metres and cms , kilograms and grams and so forth , because that 's what any self-respecting remotely educated person does . 
  that video is specifically about how english sounds to non-english speakers . 
  sure it 's based specifically on how american english sounds but that 's just incidental . 
  i 've made phonetic transcripts of american accents before and been downvoted for it , yet virtually every video i see with some accent other than american i see these kinds of attempts at phonetic transcripts being upvoted high . 
  it 's just arrogant to assume your accent is the one who is pronouncing words as they are they 're written . 
   americans are the only ones who use imperial, 
  nice fact you just pulled out of your arse . 
  actually plenty of places still use imperial , at least partially , so no they 're not the only people i could be mentioning . 
  it 's not me who 's feigning ignorance but you who is feigning knowledge . 
  and my point is there is little demand for something to convert metric to imperial because most people can understand metric ( or both ) . 
  the number of people who can understand only metric and not imperial is far higher than the number that can understand only imperial and not metric , plus why would you want to encourage the use of imperial when it 's an outmoded system that 's slowly dying out . 
  well firstly the guy is referencing the original video , not the snl video . 
  secondly the people in guy richie films speak the language as it 's written no less than americans do . 
  too many americans seem to be labouring under the illusion that they do n't have accents but other people do . 
  it 's the video where he 's saying `` yeah i 've got skills '' . 
  americans do n't think none of them have accents , they obviously recognise people who speak with distinct regional american accents . 
  too many seem to think that if you speak with a relatively neutral american accent then you simply do n't have an accent though , when in fact that 's just as much of an accent as anybody 's accent . 
  naturally when americans hear regional american accents like new york and boston they react in a similar way . 
  my point is that when they hear relatively neutral american accents , at least ones that sound neutral to them they seem to think that that person does n't have an accent . 
  it 's tiresome if you 're not from america to see the same shit getting upvoted again and again every single time someone with a non-american dialect shows up . 
  recently i saw a thread with natalie dormer saying `` half '' , and literally half the comments were people writing `` hoff '' and she pretty as the most standard form of english you can get , at least within the uk . 
  certainly people from spain would be pissed if you said they were n't white , and argentina even more so !, 
  man i hate this attitude . 
  anyone can go to prison , especially in a country with such a high rate of incarceration and stringent legal system as the us has . 
  it only takes one mistake that goes badly and one could find themselves in there . 
  imagine your 're drinking in a bar , outside some guy is harassing your girlfriend and you punch them , like 75 % something like this happens then there are literally no consequences , the other 20 % then maybe you get arrested for it but it 's seen as a minor thing and you just gets a slap on the wrist , but then the other 5 % of the time the punch just happens to hit just right and the guy has a pre-existing condition or weakness , you break the guy 's jaw in 4 places , knock him out and give him serious concussion , at this point a passer by sees you , all they see is you standing over the body of a man on the floor . 
  ambulances are called , police arrive . 
  the doctors are worried he 's bleeding in the brain , he needs surgery to reconstruct his jaw , they monitor him for days to make sure he 's not going to die , it turns into a really serious thing . 
  you 're arrested and bailed . 
  you ca n't afford private lawyer so you get one appointed , unfortunately he happens to be one the more incompetent pro bono lawyers and he ca n't be bothered putting in the time . 
  the prosecution is a shit hot conservative hard ass who hopes to make a judge one day . 
  they are pushing hard . 
  the medical witness accuses you of continuing to beat the guy on the floor because such serious damage is unlikely to be caused by a single punch , he tells the court the doctors were worried he 'd die because they thought he might have internal injuries . 
  nobody witnessed the incident or harassment , they throw doubt on your girlfriend 's testimony . 
  your victim 's got a clean sheet and there 's no reason to doubt his character . 
  things look grim . 
  finally you 're given an offer . 
  6 months inside for pleading guilty to assault with a couple of years probation as a misdemeanour , else they 're going to push for aggravated assault , automatic felony and you could be looking at a number of years if you 're found guilty . 
  your lawyers telling you to take it . 
  what the fuck would you do ? 
  you 'd serve your time , focus on serving your six months without getting beaten or raped , and be a free man in 25 weeks like any other fucker would . 
  literally anyone could end up in this situation , especially when they 're young and have n't learnt to walk away from all confrontation . 
  there 's tons of other ways it could happen too , maybe you 're in university with some new friends and your pal passes you a joint as you 're walking down the street hungover coming back from a party , moments latter the police rock up and catch you with , problem is unbeknownst to you you 're right next to a school , in some places this alone would be enough to put you behind bars .
