  what is it with you people and an inability to deal with modal functions . 
  people do n't willingly choose jsa over working because it 's a horrible way to live , the people who stay on it for a long time either have another form of income or are socially dysfunction . 
  of course this social dysfunction is entirely their own fault given that it does n't constitute a disability . 
  ( i 'll also add that `` putting food on the table '' is a completely inappropriate analogy to use , it 's exactly such analogies identifying economics with personal finance that lead people like yourself down blind alleys such as blaming the poor , they are not at all equivalent . ) . 
  it 's going to do absolutely nothing for the economy by forcing the tiny % of these people into work that would do were jsa removed . 
   you do n't even bother taking into account the expenses an individual like myself might incur travelling to a location that has jobs . 
  the loss of friends , the racial abuse from the locals , having to build up a new life . 
  who are you to think hard working individuals have `` excess income '' ? 
  that income might be what afforded an individual to work in a particular job in the first place . 
  and then what about the non-monetary benefits ? 
  a worker does n't have free time . 
  perhaps they are getting less sex . 
  try putting a value on free time and sex !, 
  then let 's see what your idea of a fiat currency is . 
  wow this is completely irrelevant . 
  tax works by only deducting from your earnings over a certain threshold , in this sense it is excess , it is owed the moment it is earnt . 
   oh god . 
  it 's `` the man '' and `` conspiracy theories '' gone wild . 
  there should be a porn subreddit for loony lefties like this who fantasise that the world is being controlled by one man . 
  where pray tell did you get this lunatic notion . 
  saying `` the system is built '' means nothing more than `` the system is set up in a way so that '' , i at no point implied any one individual or group were responsible or that this state of affairs , or that it was n't arrived at naturally . 
   clearly you will get complete failures in life . 
  those who `` do n't get it '' . 
  those who will not get a job at mcdonalds when there 's nothing else available because they are `` above '' it . 
  but nobody is `` above '' anything . 
  not when you compare our lives to those in africa or china . 
  i 'm actually ok off thanks , not from wasting my time with minimum wage , zero hours wage slavery thankfully . 
   secondly it comes down to the cultural values of a society . 
  britain , unfortunately , has many people like you - an inflated sense of self-entitlement . 
  you honestly believe you are owed something !, 
  from me , from devilishrogue , from anyone that does n't subscribe to your marxist views . 
  and you go around spewing hatred !, 
  that 's not positive for the economy or culture !, 
  instead of trying to help the bottom of society to change for the better you just want to give them more and say `` there , there , you deserve it ! '', 
  no they do n't deserve it , and that 's where your brain is broken . 
  broken brained britains . 
  just shut up . 
  everything you 've said is so stupid and imaginary i ca n't even ... how pathetic of you to believe that the labour of a few jobseeking individuals who would be looking at minimal wage anyway makes this great difference to the economy . 
  shut up because you do n't have clue about economics , you treat it like religion where you think you can appease the economic gods by enforcing austerity , you think that if ordinary people were different we would n't be in this economic situation . 
  you are the definition of a sucker . 
  it 's just childish scapegoating , you do n't understand the questions at hand , you truly believe that if the average brit changes their attitude it 's going to make everyone richer . 
  you actually blame people that make next to no difference to the economy while the toffs laugh and shit all over you as they all got their money out and into gold way before the crisis . 
  then again it 's only natural , in ancient times when food was short it was logical to blame and ostrachise the less productive in society , and this is why it 's so easy for people to pluck your strings . 
  they are appealing to your underlying psychological mechanisms . 
  what is for you `` common sense '' is actually just oversimplified trivialised lies , people fucking love sophistries because they reduce things down to things they can understand , they ca n't understand the economy , but they can can understand a meal table where everyone is eating but some people are n't paying . 
  in the 21st century it does n't work like you imagine . 
  jsa for example costs the government 5-6 billion a year , while tax evasion and financial mismanagement has lost us the equivalent of hundreds of billions , but yeah keep picking on the little people i 'm sure that at best 1 billion per year saving ( + the expense of implementing it ) will bring those hundreds of billions back ... 
  what ? 
  that * is * what the hardcore left would consider him , i 'm not saying i necessarily agree with that since i 'm no marxist although i do think the previous poster was lacking in empathy . 
  i wish more of those conspiracy theory types understood this basic principle of economics . 
  so many deluded folk thinking that all inflation is theft and a currency with no inflation would somehow make them better off . 
  this question is a bit pointless . 
  what do you count as philosophy ? 
  epic poems deal with things like the purpose of living and the meaning of a good life , they are philosophical in a sense . 
  you might as well as what was the first thing ever written . 
  if you 're talking about philosophy in more of a traditional sense the earliest i can think of are the pre-socratics but there were probably philosophers in the middle east even before this . 
  prose was n't really a thing though for a long time so you could start counting at some point in ancient greece when prose was first used , but even that is debatable . 
  ultimately all forms of study , whether they 're art or science , are philosophy , philosophy is seeking knowledge at the most basic unstructured level and really all other disciplines are is refined forms of technical specialty . 
  in ancient times philosophers were so significant simply because knowledge had n't be refined to the point where it was divided into specialties , they were scientists , art critics , political analysts , mathematicians and historians rolled into one . 
  exactly the same way insurance companies make money . 
  you assess the probabilities , then make sure the odds you offer are slightly worse than reality but as close as possible as often as you feasibly can . 
  you wo n't always win against your customers but that does n't matter provided you win sufficiently more often than you lose . 
  it 's simply a numbers game , you think a horse has a 1/5 chance to win the race so you offer 1/4 odds and hope that nobody gets lucky , if you balance it correctly it wo n't matter that occasionally you 'll have a bad day where you have to pay out heavily , because these events will be infrequent enough to ensure you always make a profit . 
  well , it 's hardly controversial that animals are attracted to signs of fertility , but the subconsciously looking like ass thing is pure urban legend if you ask me, 
  i 'm sorry but am i the only one who does n't think these songs sound so similar ? 
  sure there are some similarities but it 's hardly plagiarism . 
  thing is though , that 's an issue between employers and employee , if yourly year raise does n't at least equal inflation then your boss is taking the opportunity to pay you less money each year . 
  your company might need to take this opportunity to pay you less to stay competitive in today 's market and that 's fine , but i 'd we wary of any employer who tried to make out this was n't the case and pass responsibility onto government . 
  arsch ... shit i overshot and went too far east, 
  they are n't when they can avoid it , they 're in leamington , they 're commuting for christ 's sake and they have n't even got jobs yet ... 
  as a british individual i find using apple sauce for anything other than a condiment for pork foodstuffs both disturbing and offensive . 
  this image should come with a trigger warning . 
  dude it 's darstorm , by sandude, 
  this is to get the chicken before the egg ( at least if you think it strange ) . 
  nowadays the music industry is just playing up to the symbolism malarkey e.g jay-z wearing t-shirts with aleister crowley quotes , it 's just to stir controversy and sell records . 
  how and why it started i ca n't be sure , it might have something to do with the poor communities that hip-hop tries to represent often being more superstitious culturally but that 's just a guess . 
  and lets manchester play that tired 2nd city tune . 
  you 're just a small mill town !, 
  this [ why ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8kum8outuk ), 
  this is just brummie propaganda if you ask me , yam yam is more like yaow . 
  i only ever use self-service for this reason . 
  i do n't understand how this is a british * problem * . 
  is n't it just being british ? 
  the alternative rhyme being `` rule britannia , britannia rule the seas , britons never never never shall be fleas '' i feel that we went with the right choice . 
  they 're simply `` opportunities '' listed as jobs , which are actually incredibly exploitative . 
  they find people who are gullible/desperate/greedy and tell them they can make # 1000 a week working for them , they 're giving you the opportunity to work from home selling a line a of commercial cleaning products for example ( ultimately it can be any bogus product , physical or abstract ) . 
  however unfortunately the job is entirely commission based ( or almost entirely ) , also you 'll have to pay a starter fee to begin selling which includes a basic line of products and gets you `` employed '' , and you 'll have to pay for your own stock most the time . 
  sometimes they 'll even expect you to pay for the stock up front . 
  if you 're foolish enough to commit and get started they 'll tell you the opportunity is even better , since they also have a referral style system , if you get someone else to start selling for the company you 'll get to keep most the starter fee and sometimes even get a share of anything the people you 've referred make . 
  anyone who tries to sell the product will struggle since it 'll often be overpriced/low quality . 
  people then realise the only way to make money in this job is to sucker other people into becoming `` employed '' by the company and to continue the cycle . 
  most of those fool enough to have been sucked in will just cut their loses , but enough people will convince themselves it 's not a scam just to reclaim their money via referrals ( or in some cases will willingly scam people knowing it 's a fraud ) and so the cycle continues . 
  i 'd like to add that this is the classic pyramid selling scheme , there are however various shades of `` job '' in the middle that have different levels of legitimacy . 
  for example i 've seen sales schemes that did provide a basic `` salary '' ( although i 'll add that all this is done through contracts and free lance style arrangements to avoid minimum wage etc. ), 
  and a decent rate of commission for semi-respectable companies like wine merchants , but they 're still ultimately exploitative sucky jobs that put the entire onus on you to make them money while taking little to no responsibility for you personally . 
  there are obviously no similarities in the handwriting here . 
  412 % confirmed !, 
  while i feel deep in my bones that this obviously happened . 
  i additionally feel that the legitimate posting of this particular comic with serious intent also absolutely happened . 
  in fact it happened so hard , i just know it .
