  if you hold the belief that no sustaining cause needs to exist then these are valid answers to the question about first causes . 
  wow what an arrogant response . 
  you really did n't answer the question . 
  you can read about the [ distinction here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cosmological_argument#in_esse_and_in_fieri ), 
   why does time do this ? 
  what caused it ? 
  the point is you must hold that 's a nonsensical question . 
  as is ... 
   what caused the loop of universal-causation ? 
  and, 
   where did the loop come from ? 
  the point is that it 's not arbitrary that there 's no first cause . 
  it 's our assumption that the universe must have a reason to be beyond being an eternal loop that is a mistake , in fact it has always existed . 
  that 's just wrong frankly . 
  god is a sequential in the regress of causes that does n't add any additional explanatory power . 
  if you say time is loop you do away with the need for a first cause . 
  just because time loop and god are words does n't not mean are the same for fuck 's sake . 
  it is not saying `` x is the first cause , and nothing caused x '' in the slightest . 
  it 's saying that time is a loop , a circular infinite regress of causes , and saying that the very question `` why it is like this ? '', 
  is meaningless . 
  as meaningless as the question `` why is it not like this or that ? 
  '' , the very assumption that anything other than this , what we have , would exist is a mistake of human perception . 
  this concept of `` nothingness '' that makes us perceive there existing something more than nothing is wrong . 
  there is simply no further explanation necessary . 
  with a time loop or similar you say there is no first cause because the universe has always existed as a loop , adding a further explanation of why it is this why rather than some other way is meaningless . 
  just because a question is entertainable does making it meaningful . 
   you do realize physics has already come to the point where the universe does n't need a cause , right ? 
  that even the time-loop is an extraneous addition . 
   i 'm glad you 've come to a point that you feel is an acceptable , arbitrary end to the question . 
  i 'm just saying what someone who follows these cosmological beliefs would say . 
  yes i can , because this is n't an academic study . 
  if you want to collaborate or disprove my claims then do it yourself , i do n't care . 
  anecdote about the chuckle brothers , i saw them live somewhere and the audience was full of kids as you 'd expect . 
  they got the audience doing `` to me , to you '' as a chant at some point but the kids just would n't give it up , after a few minutes of this one of them just shouted `` shut your bloody mouths '' or something which seemed really out of character and then went back to the act . 
  i 'd like to think they were just normal grumpy scousers who probably had normal adult tastes and just landed in the role of kids ' entertainer . 
  a bit like the guy from bodger and badger that was actually a massive pill head haha, 
  shit were n't they scouse ? 
  it 's been a while haha, 
  there was no planning of the uk 's roads . 
  the roads came before town planning was a thing . 
  we won a cultural victory . 
  lists a bunch of european things they think they made popular . 
  english is the lingua franca because america apparently . 
  clearly because they spread it all over the world right ? 
  i mean seriously the delusion is just mind numbing . 
  maybe to a deluded north american it is . 
  nobody likes really like american culture . 
  how is it ? 
  do you see countries trying to become more american ? 
  pasta is eaten all around the world , massively consumed italian culture , british pop music is consumed all around the world , massively consumed british culture , mozart is heard all around the world , massively consumed german culture ... 
  frankly america just exaggerate the amount their culture is consumed , and when it is it 's often in frivolous and meaningless ways . 
  adidas is just as popular as nike , samsung is just as popular as apple , one direction is just as popular as taylor swift . 
  i mean seriously , it 's such a tired and false clich\u00e9 to think american culture is so massively dominant . 
  you said the quote was true `` we won * the * culture victory '' `` you think the world is wearing france 's blue jeans ... '' no but they 're wearing their high fashion , eating their food and buying their art '' ... or listening to japan 's pop music '' ... well yes many are listening to their pop music , but many more are buying their electronics and playing on their games consoles . 
  americans see themselves as the only exporter of culture , when in fact they only believe this because they appropriate all the culture they import into being american , just like they appropriate inventions , great minds , political ideology and so forth . 
  ironic that americans are historically the ones who 've defined freedom as freedom from . 
  freedom from big government , freedom from taxation , freedom from involvement in international politics , freedom from state bureaucracy , freedom from religious majority ( at least if you 're a christian of some form ) . 
  emily is a psycho with a fetish for listening minority right wing parties that make up 0.1 % of the population and saying how they 're going to take over europe soon , whilst simultaneously bashing militant socialist immigration . 
  i do like stuff from american culture and i 'm not loathe to admit it . 
  i 'm watching the us version of house of cards and better call saul over the american site netflix right now . 
  when i say people do n't like american culture i mean that nobody is seeking to imitate american culture particularly , that argument might have had more clout 30 years ago when america was seen as a more cool chilled out place , whether that was just idealism or truth . 
  certainly since the dawn of the internet american culture is perceived a lot more negatively with all the strife in the news whether that be terrorism , school shootings , police brutality , backwards political policies , christian religious extremism , the american far right and so on . 
  i would say that most the germanics who learn latter in life , and by that i mean teenager onwards , speak british english , insofar as they speak with a british pronunciation model , but most of these never properly lose their accents . 
  this is because the teaching of english in these countries is dominated by britons . 
  the ones who pick it up when they 're very young do it through american stuff like disney and end up sounding more americanised . 
  had them before you frogs had any , and would 've had them sooner if the us had n't screwed us on our technology sharing deal the swines . 
  big words coming from our second rate cultural knock off !, 
  nope , they sound totally different . 
  we do n't talk about that place . 
  [ music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aandmh7geze ) also chorea is a type of mental disease that cause involuntary dance like motions , huntingdon 's dance being an instance of which . 
  ironically this actually makes france one of the best european nations to learn a foreign language , since people wo n't immediately just swap to english you have to pick it up . 
  in other countries this is a real problem as the fact that i 've lived in germany for a while now and i still have my grammar corrected by 10 year olds will attest to . 
  europeans be like ... dafaq the rest of the world so dangerous, 
  haha that 's really funny but in a totally fucked up what is wrong with the us government kind of way . 
  `` destroy '' is really used as slang to mean go get so drunk you `` destroy '' the place . 
  as in `` we destroyed it last night '' or we 're going to `` destroy amsterdam on our stag do with fat bazza and the pussy man '', 
  how is it damning , they could look up the slang for fuck 's sake , compare it to other statements they 've analysed . 
  it 's like arresting your boss for using threats of violence if he said `` i 'm going to kick his ass if he 's late again '' ... obviously it has a totally different meaning to `` i 'm going to assault him if he 's late again '' , it means `` he 's in trouble if he 's late again '' . 
  in the same way that `` we 're going to destroy america on holiday next week '' means `` we 're going to get ludicrously drunk and maybe steal a traffic cone on holiday in america next week '', 
  actually the us is notorious for ignoring extradition requests and the us public gets behind us nationals in a big way often regardless of the evidence . 
  i 'm not saying amanda knox is guilty but how many people jumped on that bandwagon and throwing out insults towards the italian justice system without that much understanding of the facts ? 
  that 's because of policy though . 
  it 's easier to migrate to the us from the 3rd world than from the eu or commonwealth ( maybe not canada ) because of green card policy . 
  the us knows what it wants and that 's cheap labourers who 'll often give up their ties to home the moment they arrive and work their arses off for fuck all , they do n't want rich , educated europeans coming in and stealing their cut of the pie . 
  it does exist but not on a very large scale . 
  it 's mainly used for producing flowers i believe which the uk does n't have a huge desire industry in . 
   and has much better climate, 
  i think we have a differing idea of `` much better climate '' , if i had to choose between mild all year around with a high risk of rain , and fucking hot all year round with insane heat in the summer with a high risk of skin cancer i know which i 'd choose !, 
  the uk sends australia all our racist lower middle class types who wo n't stop bitching about `` bloody pakis , sharia law is taking over , britain is n't what it used to be '' , and they send us all their hot nubile bar staff that want to get cheaper class a drugs and party for 5 years . 
  some brits imagine australia to be a golden land , what britain should 've been without all the bloody multiculturalism and left wing politics , of course when they get there they ca n't help but complain endlessly about the heat and the east asians thus the term `` whinging poms '', 
  nazi joke, 
  obviously the us ca n't stop the smart people coming from those nations if they 're the nations that are eligible for more green cards due to being perceived as under represented in us demographics . 
  however my point is that those people are in developing nations . 
  so both can be true , as there are less educated people those places , those countries suffer from brain drain , and because the us takes immigrants from developing nations they get an overall less educated spectrum of immigration than they would were they to offer the same green card opportunities to developed nations . 
  to be fair for the very top tier immigration , people like experienced surgeons who have skills not to so readily creatable in the us , and for the super rich , there is system already in place with sponsored employment , on the whole though the us does n't want educated immigrants . 
  it wants maybe the top 1 % that would be hard to make home grown to bolster the amount of specialist skills in the us , and then lots of cheap labourers to keep the economy turning . 
  the only exceptions to this people who work in a career of which there is a labour shortage in the us . 
  i think you mean burger 'n fries !, 
  firstly it 's not `` my narrative '' , i 'm a totally different poster . 
  secondly , just because someone omitted something does not entail that it is damning .
