  it 's the kind of thing where somewhere plenty of bumbling fools get through , and in the end , even if they 're smart , they end up being made a fool of somehow . 
  but all the boys at your school find you really interesting after hitting puberty so you do n't need a personality but will happily mock those of others ? 
  she 's a teenager , they have dumb outlooks on stuff , i think we were all there once . 
  edit : god damn , shit show below here , this was meant to just be a throwaway comment poking fun at at the vapid personalities of teenagers but also reminding everyone that we were all like that once . 
  it was not intended as an assault on women , or a projection of my own life experience . 
  if everyone could chill the fuck out that 'd be great . 
  i do n't quite agree with that . 
  i think you have to be highly rational so you avoid unnecessary anxiety , and this requires some strength of character and life experience too . 
  as i 've aged i 've become much better at dealing with stress , although i 'm not quite there yet . 
  i 've learnt that you just have to be constantly examining and calculate the real facts whilst not letting your perception become distorted by fear or hope . 
  you then have to have faith in your assessment of the situation . 
  it 's not so much that a good leader should n't care if they negatively impacted the lives of real people , it 's more that they do consider everything and come to the conclusion that a certain move is the right course of action and then have faith that it was at very least everything they could have humanly done to make the right decision . 
  that way , if the whole thing blows up in your face , you can at least resign yourself to the fact that you did all the right things and that you , and anyone else , would 've come to that conclusion in your shoes , and that therefore any harm your actions do have would probably have happened anyway . 
  honestly i think these are the kind of skills that you need in any high power position . 
  for example , financial traders , the only way that anyone can succeed in that is by coming in some ways like a computer , they ca n't let the fact that there 's millions of pounds on the line affect their judgement . 
  they can not let the fear of what will happen if they fuck up ( massive financial loss and possibly unemployment ) nor the hope inspired by the prospects of success ( bonuses , high salary , greater life security ) impact their judgement . 
  yet no matter how much you formalise the decision making process , it 's impossible to remove value judgement from the equation . 
  not caring about the outcome is impossible , but if you have faith in your decision making processes and your person subjective judgement , then you can control your anxiety with faith in that . 
  this actually makes losing not as bad as when you do n't invest so much energy in the process . 
  edit : undoubtedly some politicians do n't care , but i think they make bad politicians . 
  i do n't think cameron never gave a fuck , but i think he 's now someone who has accepted the game is over and that now his actions do n't particularly matter . 
  i did n't go to high school because that 's not a thing in my country . 
  i had a great time in school though . 
  i do n't think it 's remotely controversial to point out that many teenage girls often have quite sarcastic negative views on stuff , and will act too cool for things because they 're insecure and `` popular '' . 
  saying teenage girls are often like this is just like saying teenage boys are often horny but socially inept , it 's just the way things are . 
  do n't worry , most people grow out of this affliction called `` being a teenager '' in a few years , and eventually everyone does . 
  but what i 'm saying is that i do n't think you need to give zero fucks to do that job . 
  which is what you said . 
  maybe our definition of giving zero fucks differs . 
  well , if boris had got the job they might have had at least one . 
  i do n't know anything about high schools , nor am i saying anything about high schools . 
  all i 'm saying is that it 's pretty normal for many teenage girls to go through a phase of being `` too cool '' for stuff at that age . 
  especially when puberty hits and the social dynamic changes . 
  what this has to do with high schools i have no idea . 
  i mean boys are n't immune from it either , does n't everyone remember what it was like being that age ? 
  the transition from that happy naive childhood school life when people are mostly accepting and nobody worries too much about seeming `` cool '' , to that awkward teenage phase where your street cred is on the line and everyone is super self conscious ? 
  errr k ? 
  i 'm sure she is , i was merely making the point that it 's not unusual for girls her age to be like that to someone who 'd insinuated she had no life . 
  we do n't have high schools in the sense americans mean in the uk , our highest tier of school runs from 11-16 , at which point you leave and go to college , which is typically not very school like , especially given the fact you do n't even have to attend . 
  if you finish college with qualifications then you can go to university if you want . 
  some people just stop institutional education at 16 and become mechanics or plumbers or whatever by learning on the job . 
  i do n't know what high school is like because i 've never attended one , all i know is what i 've seen on tv , which i 'm disregarding on the assumption that it 's probably not very accurate . 
  can confirm , i speak german badly , but many of the words he said matched with their english translations , then you realise you 've been learning this language for almost two years and curl up into a ball crying . 
  to be fair , it 's a good way to put your mind into the condition where you 're receptive to the rhetoric . 
  typically if we just watch hitler speaking we 'd probably block out emotion just because we 're used to seeing him as an evil figure , but when you combine it with the type of music we used to hearing during heroic speeches it really brings home the impact of the rhetoric , and lets you experience to some degree his persuasive power in the eyes of the people of that era . 
  no it 's not . 
  i at least know that us style highschool is typically 15-18 ( some places starting at 14 ) , as well as there being no 11/12/13 / ( 14 ) year olds running around it , there 's also the fact that half or 2/3 of the students are 17/18 which means the similarities are minimal . 
  academically speaking yes , but what it 's like to attend an american school school taking ages 14/15 - 18 and what it 's like to attend a uk secondary school 11-16 or college 16-18 , are not comparable . 
  not to mention the additional differences in culture , educational structure , curriculum etc. 
  ergh ... to make clear , 3.8 % more people voted leave than voted remain . 
  1.9 % of the total voters brought leave over the necessary point needed for a majority . 
  are you happy now ? 
  except if something becomes illegal , because it is abused recreationally , but then later is suspected to have medical use it becomes incredibly difficult to authorise that research , and even after it does the drug is often tarnished and dismissed from a medical perspective for a long time because of the inherent taboo around it . 
  with the rate at which chemists are experimenting at home and using themselves or others as human guinea pigs these days , and with the growing market for new drugs , i fear that it wo n't be long until something useful is swept under the umbrella of that legislation , and barriers are built against its becoming a medically recognised substance . 
  i mean christ , the majority of the doctors in the uk wo n't even proscribe distilled medical thc to sufferers of crohn 's disease , despite there being massive evidence that it can be highly effective at mitigating symptoms , simply because it comes from cannabis . 
  i quite like the expression sarcastronaut . 
   ironic . 
  is it though ? 
  ok , try again . 
  the number of leave voters was roughly 8 % higher than the number of remain voters . 
  the number of remain voters was 92.6 % of the the leave vote . 
  there was 3.8 percentage points difference between leave and remain . 
  1.9 % of the electorate pushed the leave vote above that necessary for a majority . 
  christ , i 've already typed it all out for you pedantic individuals, 
  bloody hell , we all know what the result is . 
  you clearly have some issues , i bet all your pencils are at 90 degree angles . 
  it 's hardly a stretch , i did n't go to high school any more than you went to comprehensive school , for at least half the years you were at high school , and maybe more , i was in a learning environment sitting next to people who could be 16 or could be 21 . 
  that means it 's really not the same experience as a school where you are under the authority of teachers , learning in a typical classroom setting etc. 
  actually it 's a massive oversimplification to think a strong economy only benefits `` millionaire bankers '' . 
  a strong economy benefits a large segment of the workforce , even if the tory policy is hurting the lowest wage earners and those unable to work , skilled and semi-skilled workers would 've still benefited from an increase in job opportunity companies expanded and higher avg . 
  salaries . 
  i do n't mind someone having different views . 
  however , when those views are harmful to society , and that person foists those views onto the country in the form of policy despite having thousands of far more qualified experts in those fields saying it 's a terrible idea , then haughty moralising bitch is just fine . 
  just google `` snooper 's charter '' . 
  man , you seriously have issues when you see malice in what can easily be explained by carelessness . 
  we all know what the result was , we can all visualise the result , we can all imagine two sticks of equal length , chopping 1.9 % off one and gluing it to the top of the other . 
  the fact is you 're just bitching over semantics and trying to make out like i was trying to deceive people when i was n't . 
  the leave voters won the referendum by a margin of 1.9 % , this not the same as saying that there was 1.9 % difference between the leave vote and the remain vote , or that one is 1.9 % larger/smaller than the other . 
  i said the leave vote got a majority by the margin of 1.9 % , that it was 1.9 % of the electorate who voted leave and pushed the leave vote into victory . 
  that is all . 
  lol , so because i suggested that teenage girls of that age do n't tend to have much personality and can be negative and sarcastic i 'm a `` red piller '' now . 
  i do n't get how this is any different from point out boys of that age can be socially awkward . 
  reddit is a weird place , strange mix of misogynists and white knights . 
  ca n't anyone make fun of teenagers any more ? 
  yeah , that 's just called a school . 
  the very concept of highschool is a very north american thing . 
  at least compared to america 15-18 high school , our final tier of school 11-16 is probably more similar to what they get at middle school . 
  canada on the other hand is just somewhere in between , trust canada to screw things up :d, 
  yes , sixth form is a college which only accepts younger people , whereas a generic college will accept people of all ages ( although they might tend to segregate `` older '' learners ( 25 + ) into separate classes ) . 
  point is that college has a very different ethos from school . 
  nobody is going to come and give you a talking to if you miss a day because you 're hungover , nobody is going to give you detentions for failing to put in the work , it 's much more like an adult learning environment where you get back what you put in . 
  sixth forms tend to be a bit more school like though , at least in the sense that you 're all a more similar age and are therefore likely to have a peer group . 
  some people in the uk do go to small sixth forms that are attached to their school , and these are closest to a school a experience , many people go to facilities with 3000 + people though , all from different areas with different backgrounds and so forth . 
  i mean in many of these colleges they have playgroups for the teenage mums trying to get an education , that hardly makes it feel like a school . 
  americans just seem to think `` high school '' is a universal and everyone goes to school up to 18 . 
  not quite sure what you mean with that last paragraph there . 
  a strong economy will benefits a lot of people , not just bankers , and there will be some trickle down the poorest even if it 's not enough and is n't that obvious . 
  a strong economy tempered by good social policy , a welfare system etc. 
  investment in job providers , will benefit everyone from the richest to poorest . 
  if the tories had achieved the economy part then we might have been able to vote in a government that would deliver the rest .
