  a bat , a ball , a few guys running in a circle . 
  we have in the uk too , it 's called rounders and it 's played by children and women . 
  except if walking the batter was considered really bad a no one did it usually . 
  then when a team needed a home run to win , you did it regardless just because it 's technically not illegal . 
  it was considered one of those things you simply never do because cricket was meant to be a gentleman 's game in the same way that golf is a gentleman 's game . 
  like taking forever to make your shot in golf deliberately just to annoy your opponent , there was probably not explicit rules made about it until it was really necessary , golfers were just expected to be better than that . 
  at the time this happened , the uk rules book had been updated to cover this scenario , however the australian rules had not . 
  it was a sneaky move that pissed a lot of people off . 
  i do n't believe you . 
  oh shit , the forest is on reddit spreading misinformation, 
  shows the university years well , starts out a scrawny looking kid , starts to mature , goes through a douchey phase of wearing hair bands / bandanas , grows beard approaching finals , cuts hair and starts to look like a mature member of society by the end . 
  oh dear , badlinguistics is n't going to like this . 
  do n't you think it a tad presumptuous of you , a non-native speaker , to suggest that someone 's english is `` perfect '' simply because you found it easy to understand , or that a native speaker 's is somehow less perfect because it did n't match what you 've learnt . 
  native speakers do n't make grammatical errors ( except in rare instances ) , they speak a living breathing form of the language in their local dialect . 
  2nd language speakers however speak a form of the language out of a book . 
  i 'm sure plenty of aussies visit south america , spain too . 
  it 's much harder to use the software for asian languages sadly . 
  the whole thing was built around the assumption that the language has a european style alphabet . 
  when you get to the bottom of it , most of what the software does is present you with a series of letters ( lang 1 ) , and asks you to plug in one of a number of valid response series ( lang 2 ) . 
  when there are hundreds or even thousands of symbols in lang 2 it makes the whole process almost pointless . 
  duolingo are no doubt working on ways to expand the software so asian languages will be more accessible , probably with the aid of some latinisation and new features . 
   we cant really classify london accent as perfect either , it is a mix of many decades of immigration , its like a melting pot of vocabulary, 
  actually we can , which is what i think you 're missing . 
  just because immigrants influence the language does n't make it any less `` perfect '' ( whatever perfect means here ) . 
  when foreigners arrive in a country they are speaking the language imperfectly , but when their children grow up speaking english natively and incorporate elements of their parents way of speaking into their native english then they are speaking the language perfectly , they just have a particular dialect , as all native english speakers do . 
  if we did n't allow outside influences to affect our vocabulary and way of speaking , i 'd probably have to call my vocabulary my wordhorde and the language completely different be would !, 
  when a northern irish person insists that they 're british not irish , or irish not british , that 's usually a good sign that person is a moron and a cue to walk away from the conversation . 
  i think you 're missing the point . 
  if a cockney says `` them people , what done it , said they ai n't done nothing '' they are not making a grammatical error because they 're not trying to use kind of grammar you 'd find in a newspaper . 
  the cockney is not trying to say `` those people , who did it , said they have n't done anything '' , he is simply applying his own consistent grammar rules and speaking his dialect . 
  therefore it 's not an `` error '' , an error would suggest a mistake . 
  using a dialect does n't mean someone is making mistakes , they just use rules that are different from the rules consensus decided were correct . 
  native speakers do make mistakes , when they say something and it comes out wrong and they immediately correct what they said . 
  for example , in a complex sentence i might forget whether the subject is plural and use the wrong verb form , when i read through again i 'll correct it , or perhaps i 'll forget to use the subjunctive mood when it 's needed , but that 's only because my dialect of english contains these rules , whereas a cockney speaker has different rules . 
  i would say that cockney speakers are native english speakers who are n't trying to speak differently , therefore they do not make grammatical errors , but apply different rules from someone who speaks a different dialect . 
  since they are speaking exactly how they intend to speak , expressing exactly what they want to express , and would be understood perfectly by anyone familiar with their dialect , then yes , their dialect is perfect english . 
  what 's wrong with saying it 's presumptuous of a non-native speaker to label a native speaker 's way of speaking imperfect ? 
  we were having a perfectly rational debate , i do n't see why i 'm being `` emotional '' . 
  merely pointing out how nonsensical that is . 
  i might not seem nonsensical to someone who 's never studied linguistics but that 's what it is at its core . 
  this is a linguistics subreddit and i thought i 'd just share some of that knowledge . 
  given that they 're here on this sub , i 'd assume they 'd be interested in what linguists tend to believe . 
  you 're acting like i 'm insulting him by saying something was presumptuous . 
  it does n't matter that slovenians who speak a certain way day to day make mistakes when they need to code switch to `` proper slovenian '' , whatever that is . 
  fact is when slovenians speak slovenian they do n't make mistakes within their own dialect . 
  had those people been brought up speaking only `` proper slovenian '' rather than spoken slovenian ( or a dialect of slovenian for that matter ) , they would n't have a problem speaking it . 
  the mistakes are a product of not having been sufficiently exposed to the standard forms of the language , and nothing else . 
  a native speaker does n't make mistakes in the dialect they were raised with . 
  the only explanation for what you say is that the written form of `` proper slovenian '' is so different from the spoken form that people forget how the former is meant to be spoken in a `` proper '' environment . 
  nobody makes `` mistakes '' ( relative to the official standard ) , in their native language unless they 've been exposed to alternative `` illegal '' ways of expressing similar thoughts and feelings . 
  native speakers make mistakes , but they do not consistently make mistakes , it 's as simple as that . 
  if someone is appearing to consistently make a grammatical error , then it 's not an error but product of that person 's dialect . 
  it 's just like in german when people complain about people incorrectly using the genitive , many people avoid the genitive when they can , it 's easier to say most things in the dative . 
  if you are within a certain part of society if you start throwing around certain grammar constructs people will look at you like you 're a smart arse , so nobody does , and eventually the people around them are not sufficiently acquainted with their use and use them incorrectly when pushed to try to use them by a formal environment . 
  those names are n't `` black sounding '' in the uk , they 're just considered low class . 
  depends on the club does n't it . 
  if it was a big nightclub then yeah there would be bouncers , but there 's also tonnes of places the straddle the boundary between fancy bar and night club where they do n't have bouncers until it gets busy ime . 
  not the guy , but this question is imo why not lie on the internet . 
  there 's no consequences to it . 
  tonnes of people lie out their ears for karma . 
  karma was probably his goal , he 's just really incompetent at it . 
  just remember to keep a foot in . 
  i did n't check my german for a few months , came back and was mightily annoyed because my trophy was gone and a whole new load of low level talents had been added , meaning i had to go back and fill in all the gaps . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm pretty much done with german on duolingo , there 's no challenge any more , i only make the occasional mistake with gender if i use it these days . 
  nonetheless , when i returned to see my trophy was gone i was annoyed since i was still proud of finishing it . 
  seems to me that you should keep your trophy regardless of whether they add new content later on . 
  i just came to this thread for this video tbh, 
  the once was a dream that was mandarin, 
  took me back to my condescending a.c.f teachers . 
  i actually have no idea what that food stuff was . 
  at times it looked like cheese , but it was made into something else , noodles or vegetables i guess . 
  to be honest i found it hard to find some of it appealing . 
  people need to stop spreading this nonsense . 
  except it has n't diverged `` less '' . 
  quantifying such a thing linguistically is n't easy , and what any linguist will tell you is that both have changed dramatically . 
  a few newspapers with nationalist agendas have spread this myth by picking and choosing examples , while failing to ignore all counter examples . 
  it 's actually a complete false idea . 
  both languages are vastly different . 
  the us has huge amounts of immigration which impacted the way they speak just as much as being a country located in europe affected the uk . 
  and the fan goes wild !, 
  is that some kind of dirty foreign bap ? 
   we 'll smear some vegemite, 
  so what ? 
  we 'll all just start complaining about this weak tasting and inferior marmite substitute . 
  vegemite : it 's marmite for pussies . 
  functionally identical is not the same as phenomenologically identical . 
  the whole point of this is we ca n't seem to find a way to reduce our inner phenomenological experience of say the colour red , down to something physical which we can inter subjectively confirm or deny . 
  it 's nothing to do with being special snowflakes . 
  so many people miss the point of this problem . 
  it actually goes incredibly deep into the problem of consciousness . 
  it 's almost as if people want there to be some simply scientific answer and will try anything to explain away the problem , despite there clearly being no way to resolved this within our modern understanding of how brains and minds work . 
  it 's scary when you realise that despite our being able to look at brains and makes sense of lots of what 's going on in there , we still have no idea whatever about what gives rise to you , a mind that is able to subjectively experience the world in a way that seems completely alien to everything else in it . 
  haha the irony , clearly it 's you who does n't understand what theory means in science . 
  a scientist would never say a theory is 100 % true with 0 % chance of every being disproved . 
  scientists never work with the concept of absolute truth , therefore saying that all theories are 99.99 % true is pretty fair ( although the actual probability may be higher or lower , it 's still never 100 % ) . 
  no we do n't . 
  we treat every working theory as the best working model until something else comes along . 
  science has very little to do with `` truth '' . 
  truth is a question for philosophers and mathematicians .
