  land of the free !, 
  kettering, 
  encourage need a direct object and an infinitive verb in this context . 
  club owners definitely still run drugs , it 's just changed over time . 
  it used to be that the bouncers and club owner would sell drugs , obviously nowadays they do n't actually take charge of that side of things . 
  if they get busted and any staff are found selling drugs they get in serious shit . 
  however , many clubs , and almost all clubs where drugs seem like they 'd be popular , have a dealer onsite who the security know to let be and who shares their cut with the club . 
  it 's all about plausible deniability . 
  my friend used to work at this fancy nightclub that had 3 coke dealers on site at time . 
  all the regular coke head types knew who they were . 
  that said , if you were n't a regular face and the bouncers caught you snorting coke in the toilet cubicles , or if you took the piss and snorted it openly , they still kick you out of the club . 
  they had to kick so many people out for it to give the impression they gave a shit . 
  also if they caught you dealing drugs on the side and you were n't one of their guys you might get a beating out the back or handed over the police . 
  that way when they police came sniffing around they could say we 've given you 2 guys this month and look like a club that cares about keeping drugs out . 
  this still happens all over the world because there 's simply too much profit in it . 
  clubs offer the opportunity to sell a lot of drugs very quickly , these guys would sell 25 grams over the course of a night . 
  that 's well over # 1000 , ( over $ 2000 us ) they 'd keep their stash in a pocket of a jacket with no identifying information about them in it . 
  then they 'd take 4 or 5 wraps out at a time . 
  when they needed more the coat guy would just pass them the jacket . 
  if they got raided the jackets would either get quickly taken off the premises through the back or left with the rest of them so there would be no way to link them with the dealer . 
  the mdma is the same ( if you get the right stuff ) , it 's you who has changed i think . 
  it is true that production methods have changed . 
  a lot of things are done differently these days to get around various laws so producers can actually import the stuff to places like eastern europe so it can be produced . 
  however ultimately mdma is mdma . 
  i remember hearing one way safrole was imported in recent years was by turning it into perfume , importing it from china , and then purifying it back to the usable materials . 
  difference the huge variety of shit that is going around today . 
  you 've got all your nasty non-mdma research chems that give a `` supposed '' mdma-like experience but are in fact nothing like it . 
  these range from weird stuff like cattle deworming tablets ( piperazines ) which are absolutely disgusting and will make you hallucinate and shit , to mcat ( methylone and mephedrone ) which are more likely trippy speed that 's nowhere near comparable to mdma . 
  you also have tonnes of legal / ex-legal mdma analogues going around under the guise of mdma ( not stuff like mda though because that 's been illegal forever ) , because it 's so easy for someone to buy a 1kg of these things online before they 're made illegal for a few thousand and then sell them as md for x20 what they paid , some of these will even fool a reagent kit due to the chemical similarity . 
  the really fucked up thing is that all these substances fool some people . 
  some mdma analogues will fool even people who 've used the drug before , it wo n't be exactly how they remember it but it 'll be close enough . 
  something like methylone will trick the 1st time user into thinking they 're on mdma , because if you 've never done it , it feel exactly how you imagine it to , giving you loads of energy to dance and give you a slightly loved up feeling , even if it 's all wrong compared to real mdma . 
  there 's a whole generation of `` molly users '' who have never taken mdma before . 
  you 'd take skag ? 
   it was funny , over like 2 years , rave culture got sucked out of the gay bars and sold to dumbass trend followers . 
  you must be american . 
  in the uk underground raves quickly became an alternative to the nightclubs where there would n't be drunk people and you could do drugs in peace . 
  there was always a connection to the gay community , but it was n't really about that . 
  then during the 90s they steadily got more commercialised and the police cracked down on illegal raves . 
  then you had the rise of the superclubs , giant venues that were meant to be warehouse like but were fully licensed with security and such . 
  by the late 90s the party was already more or less over , the drugs were forced underground , trance and house fell out of vogue with more urban style raves held in smaller venues becoming the fashionable thing . 
  by the early-2000s the majority of people no longer identified as ravers in the old school sense , there were still lots of niches like jump up drum n bass , garage , dubstep , hip hop and hard house all becoming little sub-communities . 
  the drugs scene was way more anything goes , coke , speed , mdma , crack , ketamine , or just weed and alcohol , there was n't really any consensus any more . 
  these were just club nights where you could get fucked up , there was no more communal sense of experiencing it together , it was just a cool club with drugs and an anything goes attitude . 
  the recent rise of edm amongst young millennials in the us is just a drop in the ocean compared to how mainstream house and trance went in the late 90s . 
  seems to me that rave lost it 's cool factor way earlier in the us , it just has a flash in the pan in the 90s and quickly became uncool and mocked , whereas in the uk and europe it stayed pretty fashionable for almost a decade . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  this is an illegal rave . 
  mdma was a huge factor in that in those days . 
  nowadays people act like on mdma but most of them are just drinking , and the ones that are on drugs are on coke or some fake molly shit research chemicals . 
  hacienda british legend ... describes it was a `` rockin ' gaff '' and the realisation that this is your parents generation hits you . 
  man whenever this came on i 'd just forget wherever i was driving to for a mission and just cruise until it ended taking in the scenery . 
  lol , no african americans in this video . 
  british culture is n't as segregated as the us . 
  it 's all to do with the venue and the police . 
  in the custard factory in birmingham you could smoke weed in the outside part and nobody would give a shit . 
  problem is , it attracted the wrong people , and you would get crackheads from aston and places taking over a whole corner of the club , basically guarding their corner while they 'd take turns smoking crack out of the crack pipe . 
  eventually it started getting dangerous for the security , i remember being unable to leave the club because there was a group of 10 or so know faces outside and the security did n't want to give them access , so they stood outside for an hour chucking bottles and banging the gates so nobody could go in or out . 
  i do n't know anything about the scene in brixton , but my experience in birmingham tells me that we are the reason we ca n't have nice things . 
  when clubs have a turn a blind eye attitude to drugs then word quickly spreads and you get more and more undesirables turning up until they have to change the policy , have a zero tolerance attitude , and even that often does n't undo the damage . 
  once you 've attracted a bad crowd often they 'll keep coming even when you 're doing everything to change the image . 
  i know tonnes of clubs that have had to close for 6 months and reopen with a new name because the police were about to shut them down for good for they did n't have fewer incidents of drug ods and violence . 
  the best thing you can do if you want drug tolerant place to chill is to keep the thing as underground as possible , which is why there still are underground parties in all major cities , because advertising it too loudly will bring bad people as well as good people . 
  rc are n't gone though . 
  many of them were made illegal but that just pushes the demand for them underground , imported from countries where those laws have n't caught up yet . 
  awareness is improving with test kits and such , i remember back in the late 00s when rc chemicals started to get popular it was crazy , because everyone was used to pills that were either mdma / speed or were duds . 
  suddenly the market was flooded with all kinds of weird and wonderful powders and pills and people chomped them down naively believing they were guaranteed a good time or nothing at all . 
  in the uk in the late 80s and early 90s i 'd estimate that at least half these people were on mdma though . 
  it was the centre of the scene back then . 
  nobody would even have crystal mdma , it would 've all been mdma pills . 
   one of the biggest reasons house music actually survived through the 90 's was because of the support of the gay community and its club, 
  house music was huge all over europe throughout the 90s and european djs were producing vast amounts of music . 
  house and trance were what all the youth were into . 
  the 90s was practically a house music renaissance in europe . 
  i think you mean why american house music scene survived through the 90s . 
  while the us was going all grunge and gangster rap europe was virtually all dance music . 
  he probably just knew a few words , doubt he was fluent . 
  if he had a relative who was a deaf bsl speaker he might pick up a bit of asl on the side . 
  actually it 's gdp per capita ( ppp adjusted ) , which is in fact even stupider , because if the uk was a state in the us it would have purchasing power similar to that of the us . 
   this is even after i said `` in the us '' . 
  in a completely different sentence , i agree that house music was loved by the gay community in the us , as it was in other countries . . then you said this totally seperately :, 
   one of the biggest reasons house music actually survived through the 90 's was because of the support of the gay community and its clubs, 
  which is completely wrong . 
  the support of the gay community was not one of the biggest factors in why * house music actually survived the 90s * . 
  that is a falsehood . 
  house music did n't need to `` survive the 90s '' , house music was fucking huge in the 90s , like millions of people flying to ibiza every summer specifically to hear house music huge , it would 've been huge even if there was n't a single place playing house music in the us whatsoever . 
  do n't conflate house music with the us house music scene . 
  sorry , i corrected you for a factual inaccuracy . 
  i assume you 'd rather remain ignorant . 
  this is what high population density looks like . 
  just because an area has a high population density does n't mean the population will be spread evenly . 
  dense population nations tend to sprawl even less than low population density nations . 
  the reasons for the white areas , which means 0-50 residents per km2 , will be principally geographic and historical , much of wales is valleys good for little more than grazing , the coal was in the south so that 's where urbanisation happened . 
  the west country has population hubs along the coast , a lot of the land is moorland that does n't lend itself to agriculture . 
  mild comfort until the inevitable water shortage , food shortage , medicine shortage , roving armies of people armed with spears , genocide and chaos at least . 
  i 've heard such tales many times before . 
  i think a lot of it is just rose tinted spectacles . 
  something that is chemically mdma is mdma . 
  the only difference might be the presence of unintended analogues left in the product as a result of the production process . 
  stuff like mda .
