  in this case the circumstances are the situations that the migrants find themselves in in a particular country . 
  in this case the most relevant are things like economic opportunity , discrimination , social support , acceptance into the culture and things like this . 
   all you are saying is uk indians ' achievements did n't come through discipline , sacrifice and hard work , but some sort of luck . 
  not doing anything like that . 
  if anything you 're the one who is detracting from different indian individuals personal accomplishments by somehow accrediting them to the fact that they are indian rather than having some other country of origin . 
  in reality it 's nothing to do with india or being indian . 
  any nationality , given the same opportunities as indians in the uk would have the same average amount of success . 
  these successes would be the personal accomplishments of enterprising talented individuals , and since the number of enterprising talented people is the same regardless of what nationality you are , it would n't have mattered if these individuals were indian or some other nationality . 
  until he has to deal with the hypochondriac latin teacher : /, 
  wunderkinder *, 
  you either die a hero , or live long enough to see your floppy prolapsed rectum hanging down to your knees, 
  to be fair the focus on the `` drop '' is a relatively new thing in dance music . 
  dubstep was definitely a bigger factor in this . 
  sure there have always been drops , but whenever i listen to older dance music it strikes me how much more focus on the overall track compared to the drop . 
  old house music feel incredible reserved compare to modern stuff that it almost requires patience , getting into a more steady trance like state . 
  the peaks and troughs of modern music is a totally different vibe . 
  that is true . 
  however things are definitely different . 
  house is currently having a lot of commerial success where i am but it 's mostly heavy bassline stuff . 
  if i listen back to 10 year old tracks its virtually a different genre, 
  anything 's a dildo if you 're brave enough, 
   indians have n't had any special opportunities or ` circumstances ' ( jesus christ shut up ) and if they have you do n't seem to be able to explicitly name a single one in that barrage of waffle . 
  so the economic opportunities that indians had arriving in the uk are identical to the economic opportunities that a syrian refugee arriving in the uk has today right ? 
  because that 's what you 're saying . 
  it 's nothing to do with `` special circumstances '' but different circumstances . 
   take any of your examples - economic opportunity ? 
  many indians were thrown out of east africa and lost everything and they are now thriving , rather than complaining that somehow ancient colonialism is to blame for their ` circumstances ', 
  1 ) there are plenty of indians complaining about such things 2 ) your spurious example of a small majority of people ( most indians in the uk did not come from east africa ) means nothing . 
   i am not saying indians succeed because they have it easy because they are indian , you are saying that . 
  disgusting , just plain old racism . 
  no i 'm not saying that at all . 
  i 'm saying some groups of immigrants ( arriving at certain times in certain places in certain political atmospheres ) have better chances to realise their potential through hard work and enterprise than others . 
  the fact that the group who prospered the most from immigration to the uk happened to contain a lot of a indians is completely incidental . 
   they succeed because of enterprise , integration , being law abiding and hard work , but if they all happen to be indian i will point that out however much it upsets you . 
  so you 're saying there 's some inherent link between being indian and being enterprising , willing to integrate , law abiding and hard working ? 
  that 's fucking racist you racist muppet . 
   this is why when i am in india i do n't have to worry about someone robbing my valuables , like i have to in just about every other country on earth . 
  haha that 's fucking hilarious mate , there are plenty of places in india where you 'll get robbed blind , just like any other country there are dangerous places and safe ones . 
  there 's also a fair amount of crime in indian communities in the uk . 
   your position is incomprehensible - all humans and cultures are identical ? 
  absolute bullshit . 
  all peoples are essentially the same you idiot , anyone who is n't a racist geneticist knows this . 
  that does n't mean every individual is the same , it just means that any grouping of people has the same potential , differences in their situations are the product of history , not the product of anything intrinsic about those individuals . 
  if indians seem more successful on average as immigrants than other nationalities it 's nothing to do with the fact that they 're indian . 
  what 's actually happened in that indians have been given better opportunities than say kurdish people and that 's why they 're more successful . 
  opportunities they 're given both in india and in their countries of origin . 
  if someone ca n't open a shop because their wife is kept locked up at home in a burqa rather than helping run the shop that is n't ` circumstances ' that is a conscious choice made by a free adult to live a life not entirely suited to advancement in uk , compared to say an indian family . 
  wow now the racism comes flowing . 
  what you said about burqas is just so ridiculous that it 's laughable , it 's just not a relevant point . 
  what you do n't seem to realise is that there are plenty of successful immigrant muslim communities around the world , and even successful muslim indian communities . 
   and we are supposed to portray this as indians somehow having an unfair advantage ? 
  you must be a social worker or something , your opinions have mutated into a pile of mince . 
  wow you 're just totally not getting this . 
  it 's not an `` unfair '' advantage . 
  it 's incredibly naive of you to think that it 's ever `` fair '' . 
  opportunities change , sorry to break this to you . 
  the communities that arrived in the uk in the post war period are now far more integrated and far more affluent than communities that were n't able to arrive until later . 
  i wonder why that it ? 
  could it be that they 're more integrated because they 've had more time in the country ? 
  could it be they 're more affluent because they had greater economic opportunity during that economic climate than they do today ? 
  furthermore communities that arrived in greater numbers also succeed more than small minorities ? 
  could it be that indians , being the largest immigrant culture coming to the uk , were more readily able to establish themselves politically and socially , and then form economically prosperous communities within the uk , while say albanians , who make up a very small part of the population , could n't . 
  think about this ... crime rates are higher in the indian community than in the white british community in the uk on average . 
  is this because indians are worse than white british people or is it because white british people have better circumstances in the uk than indians on average ? 
  what you 're doing is like saying indians are inherently more criminal than white brits ... and that 's racist . 
  britain was n't `` lucky '' to get indians , it was `` lucky '' to get a community with a certain level of integration and shared cultural ties , it was lucky to be able to afford them a strong welfare state to support those immigrants and and provide a reasonably strong economy for them . 
  it was not lucky to get `` indians '' , it could have been kenyians or jamaicans or chinese or whatever , it 's just happened to be indians . 
  hospital bills - not relevant , `` college '' costs - not relevant . 
  both are free . 
  the biggest expenses for children is housing , provisions and transport . 
  you 're going to have to essentially pay for a room mate to live for free for 18 years or more . 
  you 'll not only have to buy twice as much food , but also better quality and luxury food for your child because it 's seen as wrong to feed a child the same diet of junk food , snacks and ramen a single person can live off . 
  you 'll have to buy all sorts of expensive kit like booster seats and pushchairs , again why risk your child 's safety by being cheap ? 
  you 'll have to get tonnes of furniture , books and toys and that 's before they start school . 
  they 'll need to get themselves around or be driven around , public transport or petrol costs are bound to be high . 
  kids literally double your expenses and the cost is always rising . 
  it 's no surprise that people in wealthy social democracies do n't want to breed so much , even with the plethora of social systems in place to try and make parents ' lives easier . 
  if you ' r earning 2000 euros a month and your expenses after rent , tax , utilities , essentials , and insurances are 1600 euros , where is the room for a kid ? 
  km8 , go back to your indian master race theories, 
  yeah that seems like more traditional house with pianos and bass guitar samples and stuff , while [ this is a perfect example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lfevlxu3nxs ) of the house music that is really popular where i am right now . 
  thanks for the lecture . 
  it 's weird because while the example i gave was something that seems to be popular in the uk at the moment . 
  what 's weird though is that shit you 've linked me is still heard everywhere , despite the fact that i 've never heard of a single person proclaiming their love of that kind of generic pop house . 
  it 's like a disease , it spread everywhere without anyone wanting it to , possibly because it 's the most generic , uninteresting shit that clubs can put on in an attempt to please everyone . 
  i thought it was obvious that people who are living hand to mouth anyway , just scrapping by financially wo n't want to have kids , however apparently not : /, 
  i mean many many people do n't even use daycare , or if they do it 's limited to inexpensive nursery style set ups . 
  many kids here in europe can start going to school at like 3 or 4 . 
  or people have grandparents who do it . 
  you seem to not really understand how expensive kids are just generally , it costs more to keep a baby than an unemployed adult . 
  someone 's whose costs were 20 thousand can expect for them to go to 45 thousand when they have a kid . 
  you do n't seem to understand the cost of food either . 
   you know the ones that just seem to get lucky wherever they go in the world ? 
  somehow manage to get out of bed in the morning , start a business and not shoot anyone in the face etc. 
  now the real racism rears its ugly head . 
  the irony is that it is n't remotely true . 
  how are the indian immigrants in nepal , and the middle east prospering ? 
  many living in abject poverty or even slavery . 
  even in the uk , although indian communities have prospered more than some others , they 're still significant crime and poverty . 
  principally indian areas in the uk are not know for their wealth and splendour , rather for being poor inner city areas with high crime . 
  oh yeah i know that really poor people do tend to have more children .
