   the english created their own spelling of a word ( distinct from the french and latin ) that was due to the influence of the french speaking ruling class ( same reason the meat of a cow is called ` beef ' and from a pig is called `` pork '' ( french speaking people eating things proto-english speaking people raised ) . 
   the english added a - u to the latin spelling to better approximate coleur due to the french influence on their language . 
  so , what i said . 
  that 's not how it went down , at no point did they `` add a - u to the latin spelling '' . 
  what actually happened is that a bunch of anglo-saxons were sitting around , and very few of them probably even knew the word outside of monks and scholars , since it was n't an english word . 
  they would 've been saying hiw ( hue ) when referencing colours . 
  then the normans arrive and start introducing their own words because they 're now in charge . 
  the english heard the word `` coleur '' spoken in french , and started to use it , at some point they had to write it down . 
  the closest approximation to the french pronunciation of the french word coleur in the english of the day was `` colour '' , thus first english word derived from the french was the middle english `` colour '' . 
  when they did this they were n't thinking about latin , they were thinking about how to fit this new french loan word `` coleur '' into the middle english orthography ( spelling system ) . 
   webster removed the - u from many words because it was no longer pronounced that way . 
  the english themselves did this many times in their history to other words ( in an attempt to be more phonetic or latin ) . 
  webster removed the - u because he wanted to make english more latinate , which he considered sophisticated . 
  the second syllable of colour or color is pronounced with a reduced vowel , which means it does n't really matter which letter we use , it always sounds the same , but had he been going on phonetics only `` culler '' or `` cullur '' would have probably been better options . 
  `` color '' won out however because webster was very keen on etymology ( that kind of shit mattered to people a lot more back then since it was a sign of education ) . 
   in short ? 
  i 'm getting downvoted because people do n't accept that the english speaking language has changed in pronunciation several times ( due to internal and external influences ) and even though they often revised their own words to be more phonetic ... well , they missed some . 
  actually that 's not true . 
  the english did n't `` miss '' some . 
  the latinisation of words was a trend around the 1600s , which led to the removal of some - u 's , for exactly the same reason webster thought `` or '' was better and more sophisticated than `` our '' e.g superiour , governour , all fell out of fashion for this reason . 
  at no stage did any english people decide to systematically remove the - u 's , and then miss some , it was just a fashion . 
  we have quotes from this time describing the dropping of the - u as a trendy deliberate mistake during this period , a sign that one was educated and knew the latinate root . 
  however it was a fashion that never truly caught on . 
  it was n't really to do with phonetics , however , you also have to remember that spelling was n't even standardised at this point , and people often spelled things differently depending on their dialect . 
   color is more applicable phonetically in most ( i 'd say all but i 'd be assuming ) dialects , and is rooted in the original latin . 
  not in the slightest . 
  almost nobody , british or american , pronounces color with the - or sound you 'd find in word like `` port '' , `` culler '' and `` cullur '' would be better phonetic approximations frankly . 
  - or and - our are both equally arbitrary relative to the way the word is actually spoken . 
  furthermore , you keep giving precedence to latin as the `` original '' , when in fact the latin `` color '' is derived from the proto-indoeuropean `` kel '' , does that mean we should start saying `` kelor '' , since that would be more original . 
  what you do n't seem to be getting is the `` color '' did n't come directly to english from latin , it came to english from french , which got it from old french , which got it from latin , which got it from pie . 
  it does n't make sense to prioritise any stage along the way particularly , unless you consider latin an inherently superior language , which was the opinion of people in webster 's day . 
   the only reason the brits have n't changed it is due to a mixture of laziness and stubbornness . 
  now you 're making yourself look stupid to be honest , statements like this are the reason you 're getting downvoted . 
  are you seriously claiming that an entire nation is `` lazy '' and `` stubborn '' , that 's like the height of ignorance . 
  the reason it was never changed in british english is because it 's always been spelt that way , and there literally no reason to change it , especially when english is not a phonetic language anyway . 
  you seem to believe that - or is somehow more logical or better , when it 's neither , both are quite arbitrary renderings of the actual phonetics . 
  `` colour '' has been in use from it 's arrival in 1300 until this very day , why change it to make it more latinate , when the word did n't even arrive in english until latin was a dead language anyway . 
  literally the only reason it 's different in american and british is because samuel johnson preferred the original `` colour '' , whilst noah webster preferred the latinate style `` color '' , it 's a completely arbitrary distinction that has no right answer . 
   or perhaps you can tell me what sound the `` u '' in colour makes . 
  the whole point of phoneme characters is representing sounds with characters . 
  having word specific pronunciation of characters is a hallmark of older symbol based languages . 
  colour is pronounced / \u02c8k\u028cl.\u0259r / , with the - r being pronounced in rhotic accents like general american and west country british english , or without the - r in non-rhotic accents like rp british english or new york english . 
  either way the - o or - ou makes a sound called a schwa , a sound that can be represented with any letter or combination of letters in the english language . 
  there is no letter in english to represent this sound , because it 's a sound that only occurs on non-stressed syllables . 
  in the 1300s , when the word was borrowed from french , it would 've probably been pronounced / ko\u02d0lu\u02d0r / , with the vowels in question being pronounced like the - oo sound in goo or loo . 
  this sound was represented in early middle english by an - ou , which is why they spelt it that way . 
  by people on the internet , many of whom probably were n't even british , yes . 
  fair enough . 
  there 's more to languages than greek and latin imo . 
  these languages have been put on a pedestal throughout history because so much of our knowledge and understanding during the last millennia has been the result of recovering ancient greek and roman knowledge . 
  linguistically i find germanic languages far more interesting . 
  arguing over spellings in english is pointless anyway , when this language is a write off when it comes to spelling , most words bearing no resemblance to their modern pronunciation . 
  any attempt to make the language more phonetically representational would be a loss too , since there are so many dialects of english which different pronunciations that we 'd probably have a hard time reading the written form from people in different countries , and we 'd never be able to agree on a universal standard . 
  arguably the non-phonetic fixed nature of english spelling was a factor in making it such a widely spoken and successful colonial language , since it stopped people developing dialects that were only semi-intelligible with other forms of the language to a large degree ( scots english and a few others being exceptions to this rule ) . 
  being able to communicate in writing in different parts of england , and later in different colonies , prevented people developing new national identities separate from other and splitting off into different nation states . 
  germany on the other hand suffered terribly from this , and was n't a unitary country until far later , since it was unclear where german ended ( or started for that matter ) , and where a separate language began . 
  while people in the far north of english may have struggled to communicate with people in south in the spoken form up until relatively recently , having a standard written form that did n't depend on pronunciation may have meant there was a greater sense of unity . 
  as for soccer , keep calling it that , but i 'm not going to stop calling your national sport gridiron , which is what americans used to called it back when `` soccer '' was still a popular use in the uk . 
  they would probably first eat a sorbet to cleanse the pallet , and then another meat dish like a roast for the real main course . 
  back in those days eating took forever . 
  it would probably be something ridiculous like soup  fish dish  entr\u00e9e ( meat pie , or quiche or something )  sorbet  main course ( something heavy like a roast )  salad  cheese  dessert . 
  it 's easy to see how the confusion arose , since an entr\u00e9e with neither a starter nor a main course , but something in between . 
  it was called entr\u00e9e because it was the `` entrance '' to the main course . 
  objectively they 're pretty similar , if you compare say spanish culture with swedish . 
  i think the point is that they 're not the same . 
  well the language does hark from our sacred isle . 
  i ca n't help but cringe hearing american words spoken with a british accent . 
  you realise we have fireworks too , and in fact they 're legal all year round . 
  we even have a holiday , guy fawkes day , that is devoted solely to fireworks and burning stuff . 
  to be honest i 'm always shocked when americans say `` people of colour '' , seems just as bad . 
  coloured has n't been acceptable in the uk for at least 25 years . 
  no offence , but you 're way more similar to the uk than say france or germany . 
  as far as the `` like england '' scale goes , only commonwealth or ex-commonwealth countries are more similar . 
  a shared language and history unavoidably makes for greater similarities . 
  i know you 've spent much of your history deliberately trying to not be like us , but ultimately you ca n't avoid it . 
   war of 1812, 
  you mean the war in which you suffered embarrassing military defeats and got chased all the way down the mississippi , had your capital razed , and did n't have any real success until after the war was already over ? 
  you owe 240 years of tax backpayments, 
  green and sceptred isle *, 
  not in all virtually all languages except english . 
  the numbers gang is so fucked up . 
  it 's referenced in die antwoord 's song `` cookie thumper '' which is where i learnt of it . 
  it 's basically a religion , or system of mythology at least , with its own language , culture and everything . 
  in short . 
  28s work with blood , they are split into the gold and silver line . 
  golds are allowed to have sex with men and are responsible for killing . 
  the silver line at the sex slaves of the gold line , but consider themselves to be the brains behind the 28s . 
  26s work with money and things . 
  they control the supply of things the prisoners need , drugs , money , food , whatever . 
  they control gambling they are not allowed to have sex in prison . 
  27s are the mediator group . 
  26s and 28s are not allowed to communicate directly , everything has to go through the 27s . 
  this is meant to stop a war between the two factions . 
  either 26s or 28s can be promoted to 27 . 
  to me it seems like you 've got your hardcore psychos in the 28s + their bottom bitches . 
  and you 've got your common criminals in the 26s who are just trying to avoid being raped . 
  the people who have it worst are the non-members though , who can be raped by any member of the 28s at any time , and have no say in it . 
  they were obliged to discuss it because any petition that gets over a certain amount of signatures on the website where it was hosted must be discussed in parliament , that 's just a product of our democratic process . 
  they basically just concluded it was a bad idea and moved on . 
  yeah , we 've got all that shit .
