  olympia einkaufzentrum is a pretty big two floor shopping centre and there are thousands of people there everyday . 
  it has a kaufhof built into which is a big department store that 's all over germany . 
  the mcdonalds is on the opposite side of the street from the main entrance to the shopping centre . 
  it has two floors and a drive thru . 
  the mcdonalds is next to a imbiss that sells d\u00f6ner and other turkish food and has plastic chairs outside . 
  this imbiss is on the side of the mcdonalds in the direction the shooter was firing . 
  next thing a long is a large saturn which is a large scale electronics retailers that 's always busy . 
  the mcdonalds is very close to the entrance to the u-bahn station which sits on the intersection of two major lines the u1 and the u3 . 
  it 's not uncommon for people to use the mcdonald between changing trains . 
  holy fucking shit i know that barrier . 
  ca n't tell you how disturbing it is to see places you recognise well . 
  man , it 's hardly a big deal to pick up a couple of 1 euro cheeseburgers on the way home from work . 
  we are europeans after we do n't go in for these supersized meals with giant drinks and fries . 
  depends , what you mean by spice , soon as they banned the original type there were alternatives with tweaked formulas hitting the market . 
  if by spice you mean a generic `` psychoactive smokeable substance sprayed onto plant matter and marketed a weed alternative '' it was legal even up unto the act . 
  do n't worry , i 'm sure there 'll be some nice beneficent private companies willing to fill the void and as well as their pockets and the pockets of the judiciary and politicians they 're mates with . 
  from what i hear uk prisons are unpleasant nasty places where you 're bored out of your mind , and the people squabble and are petty over things as simple as who got more chips in the lunch queue and who owes who for that one rizla paper someone lent someone last month . 
  the hardened criminals stick together and smuggle drugs into the prison as well as trying to intimidate soft targets into giving them their commissary , while the old timers and the ordinary people keep to themselves having very few `` friends '' , only people they sit around with because they know they 're not as bad as the others , and even these they still do n't fully trust . 
  people get very defensive of their personal space and property because if they 're not then they 're opening themselves up to being taken advantage of , just borrowing someone 's toothpaste without permission can make you an enemy inside . 
  the main impression i get some people i know who 've been inside is the intense loneliness of it all . 
  the very nature of the situation makes it incredibly hard to be anything but isolated and miserable . 
  in many ways hardened criminal lowlifes have it easier because the social dynamic for them inside is not so different from the social dynamic they 're used to outside what with all the backstabbing , aggression , childish squabbling , and lack of home comforts . 
  for people used to a happy family life or a supportive social circle it 's far harder to adjust . 
  this is why visitation is such a big deal for prisoners , visitation day is literally like christmas for many of these people , even if the perks are just a friendly trusted face , and a few chocolate bars / cups of tea . 
  in comparison with the us , i guess it 's still a fair bit nicer , the conditions are better , which is n't really saying much about the comforts of uk prison but says a lot about the abysmal conditions in the us . 
  i mean in texas they do n't even have air conditioning and it 's consistently in the 30s for a good part of the year . 
  you 're also far less likely to be the victim of sexual or extreme violence in the uk , which is obviously a good thing . 
  the british go to france so where does france go ? 
  in germany can get very nice 69 cent 0.5 l beer . 
  `` stop '' is a german word pronounced like `` shtawp '', 
  childcare is typically not free in the uk , it 's typically very expensive . 
  germany has a much better system of providing affordable childcare . 
  here are some things you need to know :, 
  all 3-4 year old children are entitled to 570 hours free educational childcare a year . 
  also known a nursery school . 
  this is more like an optional first school year or `` kindergarten '' . 
  2 year old children can be eligible but only if you meet certain requirements , based on your financial situation with regard to benefits and your status . 
  you can find the official information here :, 
  it 's of note that the nursery hours run in parallel with the school terms times . 
  meaning that when it 's the school holidays they will not be available . 
  otherwise your options are limited to either the private sector ( expensive ) , or some kind of quasi charitable initiative . 
  when i was a kid , before i started nursery school my parents made use of everything they could , including two separate `` playgroups '' run by local churches for the community at a far more reasonable price than a private day centre . 
  i think during the troubles the attitude was more along the lines of : if they 're not going to make the laws tougher in the republic then we 're just putting our own people at a disadvantage , as guns will still readily flood in from the south . 
  these days i think it 's quite antiquated though and the ni should be line with the other uk countries . 
  the problem is , everyone with a stake in the uk economy wants freedom of movement to continue . 
  so while that might a `` win '' in the sense of forcing the eu to give concessions it does n't want to , it 's also a concession that almost nobody with real influence actually wants . 
  even people the leave business people do n't really want to end freedom of movement , they just want to nail some dirt cheap deals with asia that will benefit them personally . 
  this is the french we 're talking about . 
  from what i 've heard the french are keen to give the uk migration controls in return for robbing the banking sector silly . 
  this is for 2 reasons 1 ) the french would love to see the uk suffer economically so that they could point a the uk when dissuading their own populace from supporting populism in the form of le pen or whoever 2 ) if it comes to the worst and populism does continue to rise in france they 'd be in a better position to negotiate their own limits on immigration . 
  the french support for giving the uk immigration concessions is highly strategic , and highly unlikely to be embraced by many other eu member states . 
  i laugh at your incorrect american pronunciation . 
  go plan some more rowts , explore some nitchs , and join a click . 
  at the end of it you can eat some cruhsants before going back your housses . 
  we 'll just wait 3 weeks each way for your questions during prime ministers question time shall we ? 
  except all those damn northern irish people . 
  i tell you what , convince all the british identifying folk in n. ireland to go back to the mainland and you 're welcome to it . 
  if there were n't people in ireland who wanted to be british the uk would 've rid itself of n. ireland decades ago . 
  it 's been nothing but financial burden and source of embarrassment for years . 
  oh right , the uk did n't try to retain its colonies at all . 
  they just gave up right ? 
  that 's the biggest crock of shit i 've ever heard . 
  throughout history the biggest problem with maintain the empire for britain was logistical . 
  for over a century the uk dominated militarily with its ability to project forces all over the world with its navy . 
  it was simply an enemy that was incredibly difficult to fight . 
  while other nations funded vast armies to secure their borders the uk left minor forces back home , specialised in high trained military forces , and built a vast navy . 
  all its enemies suffered from the same problem of not being able land sufficient forces on the island without being decimated at sea and then having whatever forces they managed to land cut down as they tried to move inland . 
  having a very slow moving ability to project power works fine for when you 're colonising natives with archaic cultures and vastly inferior military capabilities . 
  you can just send 20,000 men off to a country and rely on the fact they 'll subdue any opposition . 
  however , when you are dealing with more organised opposition it becomes much harder to manage . 
  i mean the whole losing the 13 colonies was in many ways the result of ineffective communication and logistical inadequacies . 
  communication because it was so much of what caused the crown 's inability to manage dissent amongst the colonists . 
  logistical because england could n't just the majority its naval fleet and army to subdue the revolution . 
  that would 've left it open to attack in other places . 
  you see this pattern in the loss of control of all the colonies . 
  the uk trying very hard to deal with the situation but ultimately being unable to use its power to significantly alter the chain of events . 
  if things like radio and decent aeroplanes had been built earlier , the british empire may well have continued indefinitely , that would 've allowed the uk to keep a tighter reign on its colonies , but by the time they were the destabilisation of it had progressed too far for its decline to be stopped . 
  neutral english does n't exist . 
  there is literally no such thing . 
  what exactly is disgusting about being aware that those views shared by the most elderly segment of the population will soon die with them ? 
  did n't one guy say it was like a cult in there . 
  that they expect the attendees to share rooms and spend all their time networking with each other . 
  that 's not saying thankfully they 'll be dead , it 's more like thankfully their views will disappear . 
  nobody is wishing them dead , buteveryone has got to go sometime . 
  hang on , was n't brexit a protest vote by those poorest in society who felt the eu was making them poorer ?? 
  instead of complaining that the eu `` wasting '' 3 million for a piece of public art in their dreary decaying town centres they 'll be complaining there 's no money whatsoever . 
  what do you mean by treated ? 
  the way the government treats them ? 
  ( which personally i do n't have much trouble with ) , or the way people treat them in their opinions ( which i think is generally very negative and bigoted ) . 
  that said , i do n't think a reasonable negative opinion of irish travellers is n't an unjustified position because i think a good number of them do have a negative impact on the communities they pass through . 
  i personally ca n't see why travelling should be protected as a lifestyle choice . 
  everyone should be allowed to travel and live in a caravan if they wish of course , but i do n't see why calling it a culture should except you from any legal obligations . 
  it 's not about ethnicity . 
  very few people would have something against someone for coming from `` traveller stock '' that would be prejudice . 
  however , if a large number of `` people who travel '' do not comply with laws , refuse government assistance , and put their desire to travel above things like complying with the law regarding their children 's education , it seems perfectly reasonable to have a negative opinion of `` people who travel '' . 
  i 'm sorry , i do n't see a reason to protect the traveller lifestyle , moving around your whole life is n't a culture . 
  if travellers want to keep a fixed address , comply with all the laws , and just happen to live in a caravan , i think that 's fine and dandy , and if they are discriminated against for that choice then society needs to prevent that . 
  however , while most people who travel fail to meet those conditions i do n't think it 's wrong to be wary of `` people who travel '' , regardless of their ethnicity or culture . 
  as i said , i have no problem with people of the traveller ethnicity . 
  but if people travel around the country , moving their kids from school to school when they even bother to send them there , when people fail to declare their earnings because they 're working cash only and moving from town to town , i think it 's quite reasonable to have a negative opinion of them .
