  it 's not like everyone who voted for remain is 100 % for the eu . 
  what we voted for was brexit or no brexit ( despite no knowing what the actually means ) , we did n't vote on whether the eu was the best thing ever or not . 
  just as remainers do n't have to love the eu with all their heart , eurosceptics do n't necessarily even have to support brexit . 
  it 's perfectly possible to be eurosceptic and for remain , because what the vote was for is brexit . 
  there are surely some eurosceptics who chose remain purely because they felt that britain would do better to stay in and try to deal with what they see as problems rather than bailing , putting the economy into an awkward position , and potentially seeing the eu go in a direction they disapproved of . 
  the fact remains that many peopled voted for brexit because many people did n't understand what brexit meant , likewise some people had irrational views of what the eu actually is and what its powers are . 
  as for your bugbears i find them highly unconvincing . 
  there 's a lot to go into here but you have some very mixed up ideas about how the eu is supposed to work , that simply do n't make sense from a constitutional perspective . 
  doing my best to respond quickly . 
  - rules being broken to allow a nation access is very bad i agree, 
  - what were they meant to do ? 
  show me an alternative option ? 
  let them fail ? 
  unthinkable economic ramifications that far out weight what we actually got would follow . 
  if the eu had n't bailed them someone would have had to , and it may well have reduced greece to a 3rd world nation in the process . 
  not a wise course of action . 
  there is no moral argument either , they do n't deserve that when it can be adverted . 
   however , the democratic vote for the eu commissioner had just one name on the ballot, 
  why would there be any other names on the ballot ? 
  it 's not an election , it 's a veto process . 
  the commission chooses an candidate and the parliament says yea or nay , that 's how it works . 
  you seem to be confusing the process with federal democracy , which this is not . 
  so much mistrust of the eu seems to come from a misplaced expectation that a pooled sovereignty system like the eu should resemble a federal democracy . 
  the irony being that federalisation is what more eurosceptics fear most , despite the fact that if the eu were federalised all their qualms about democratic accountability would be addressed , as we 'd have a real democratic system with a head of government , executive , legislature etc. 
   the commission is not basically the civil service of the eu , it 's a far more powerful entity when it comes to giving any member state a say on anything . 
  nobody ever said it was , they propose legislation in the same way any executive does in a democracy , in the british case , the cabinet . 
  here , the elected mp 's of each country are not given the power to propose any laws , nor allowed to change existing laws, 
  again why do you expect every mep ( or did you mean mp ? ), 
  to be able to propose legislation , this is not a sovereign democracy , it is not the same thing . 
  what you seem to be missing is that the eu is n't suffering from a democratic lack , it 's suffering from a democratic excess . 
  the nation states remain sovereign and very much in charge of the eu , even though commissioners are meant to put the eu interest first they 're clearly at the beck and call of their national interest . 
  did you know that only 10 % of proposed eu legislation actually comes from the commission ? 
  the eu is n't less than a complete democracy , it 's 1 and a half complete democracies with the sovereign member states forming a complete one and the eu sitting on the top of it supported by the constant willing participation of those it sits upon . 
  meanwhile you 're there applying the standards of a federalised democracy to it , expecting the head of the commission to be held to the standards of a president , being selected by their party and then running against alternative candidates . 
  as well as probably expecting meps to have complete power over the passing of bills etc. 
   many believe the eu is `` failing '' , in part due to the inflexibility of the euro at the member state level , and which some feel would be less painful to extract from now . 
  and some believe that although the eu is far from perfect , there was no reason to take a drastic action like brexit when there 's currently no sign of anything going wrong whatsoever . 
   all the brexit studies proved to be wrong, 
  no , they did n't . 
  i thought schools were meant to teach people to learn not make rampant generalisations like `` all x are y '', 
   no evidence that gdp growth is lower if we voted remain , in fact gdp growth is higher than was forecast in march , before brexit . 
  citation needed . 
   we were told we 'd see a spike in inflation , i was pointing out that it 's not the case . 
  no we were told inflation would rise , it is rising . 
  quibbling about timeframes is meaningless . 
   given they 've been wrong on inflation so far , i have no reason to think they 'll be right for next year . 
  except you know , all the innumerable times they 've been right in the past ? 
   property trading is going great , not sure what you mean by a stop to it . 
  it 's never stopped . 
  property firms had to stop trading as foreign investment rushed the market trying to take advantage of the weak pound , so much for those lower house prices . 
  long term though is anyone 's guess , population growth kept demand high , without that i think there 's some rule about supply and demand somewhere . 
   still higher compared to before the vote . 
  either your information is out of date or you 're full of it . 
  deficit is a good 200m greater now . 
   i believe when a mass influx of unskilled labour occurs the wages for unskilled labour decreases . 
  did god tell you this ? 
  i do wonder where you get your absolute truth from . 
  i guess you 're not even considering the fact that perhaps the 90 % of the economists who still agreeing with these predictions are right , and it was the government 's report that was wrong in terms of the timeframe of these events , exaggerating the immediacy for effect , but that seems like the most logical conclusion now . 
  not that the millions of warning we 've been receiving from the economic community are all bullshit ? 
  so in your opinion . 
  the rampant propaganda in our media supporting brexit contributed to the referendum result = brexiteers are morons, 
  you are literally the problem . 
  inflation is predicted to rise consistently over the next few years taking it well beyond target . 
  `` big deal '' , not if that explains why the housing market is n't down yet and we 're just waiting for the real impact . 
  are you really using a comparison between this months exports and last months as a sign that exports have increased due to the drop in the pound , come on ... you can do better . 
  the major thing here is that you are failing to distinguish between economic predictions , and factual reported economic data about here and now . 
  if you ca n't tell the difference then you have no place commenting on unemployment reports . 
  we should clearly take your arguments seriously . 
  good arguments , you 're clearly a very angry , i hope you grow up one day . 
  ok , now go back to your pathetic dislike of people whose hobby differs from yours . 
  have fun . 
  to be fair though , i 'm pretty sure in even the most tolerant countries if you 're on bail for armed robbery then you commit a crime , even a minor crime like weed which might not even necessitate prosecution , will still land you in jail . 
  when you 're on bail you 're not in the same position as someone who is n't . 
  appease populists . 
  it 's entirely in their interest to support it . 
  i know politicians like to talk tough from a ideological perspective but realistically , continued economic smooth running is ideal . 
  the eu does n't concede anything by letting the uk go eea . 
  i think the truth is that the uk only really disadvantages itself by going eea , but it is a solution that i think most remainers and many brexiteers could stomach , from a political perspective it would probably keep the tories in power , so the government will be happy about that . 
  the people who be pissed behind doors are the government and the civil service , because they know they 've just conceded real hard political power just to appease the population with no tangible overall gain . 
  although the brits were very exploitative , they did at least bring their colonies into the modern global world . 
  to be fair the british were fantastic linguists in the days of the empire , because they were smart and knew that having natives who speak a language confers benefits in negotiations , especially when you trying to appease 50 different indian royal families each with their own language , all the while pretending that you 're not slowly taking over their country whether they like it or not . 
  britain just happened to be the european power that was best positioned to do it . 
  think of it this way , all the european powers were vastly ahead of the rest of the world technologically , but because britain was an island with so much coast it was a nation of sailors , combine this with the fact that it did n't have to mount large land forces to protect itself due to the absence of borders and you have a country perfectly suited to take over the world . 
  you 're either a fake brit or need to be sent to the colonies forthwith . 
  i do n't share your concern . 
  the priority will not be what 's best for france , germany economically , but what 's best for the eu , and from the perspective of maintain the future of the eu and the single market it 's better if britain does n't go it alone . 
  the threat of divvying up the city 's eu business amongst the member states is a threat and obviously has an appeal , but overall it 's a loser for everyone due to the economic transition that would follow , deep down i think companies france and germany like having access to london and the vastly greater access to capital that provides , it allows them to push risk onto london which has more capacity due to the sheer quantity of international finance that goes through it . 
  the german and french government would never allow bankers to do what they do in london there , and from a risk perspective it would make a lot less sense . 
  he was talking about 1812 , which the americans did n't really start having any success in until after the war , after the brits had chased the american forces into the deep south where it took longer for news to arrive . 
  the people are calling him it are clearly low class as hell , these kinds of word are used by idiots simply because of the impact they have without any real consideration for the meaning . 
  probably were n't even at the show . 
  these people sound like the kind crap people who think a family day out is taking the kids to do stuff they want , which i 'd guess here is getting celebrity autographs to try to sell on ebay . 
  and mdma , and lsd lol, 
  that stuff is just a headache in a bottle . 
  do n't know anything about its use for sex but as a teenager we used to buy it from shady markets where it was sold as a room freshener or something . 
  it 's like two minutes of blood rushing to your head and feeling a bit dizzy and very mildly trippy and then you come down immediately , multiple uses over the course of say 20 minutes will leave you with a mild nagging headache for the next few hours . 
  yeah was ok , does n't quite feel hit me like their old stuff though . 
  that said , i have to rate bugging out as one of best hip hop tracks of all time . 
  seriously though , most brits ca n't do american accents convincingly , but at least they 're copying actual american accents . 
  most americans do n't even copy british accents , they 're copying american impersonations of british accents , and end up sounding some weird comic parody out of an adaption of a dickens novel .
