  whenever i 've visited the us what really strikes me about your food is how it all seems like `` comfort food '' . 
  where a european would eat a roast sausage in a rustic ciabatta or sourdough bun with a bit of mustard , an america will eat an oversized frankfurter in a sweet white bun coated with chilli and cheese . 
  where a european would eat some regular steak fries with mayonnaise an american will eat seasoned curly fries or wedges with cheese and lashings of sour cream . 
  us is full of delicious abominations from my perspective . 
  it 's as if american food has been designed to be eaten by people who are n't even hungry , so everything has to be far more overwhelming to the palette with strong favours . 
  whenever i 'm in the us i 'm tempted to eat things for the sheer experience over it rather than because i 'm actually hungry , which is obviously bad in the long run because that 's how you get very heavy . 
  mostly welsh . 
  there is a bit of a north and south divide in wales . 
  the north is much less populated and generally a bit more welsh ( more competent welsh 2nd language speakers relative to capita , and virtually all the people who speak welsh as a first language are born in the north , also more welsh speaking schools in this area ) . 
  the south of wales was an industrial hub for much of the 19th and 20th centuries , making it much more urban , the population density along the south coast of wales starts to bleed into england with bristol , what was once a major port and english industrial area , just next door , they even [ have this lovely bridge ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/01860/severn-bridge_1860506i.jpg ) to link the two . 
  this meant that a lot of welsh people flocked south to work in south wales , alongside quite a few english people from the poorer rural areas bordering wales who went there too . 
  because south wales was a more economically prosperous and interesting place the culture became more mixed with english as a result . 
  do n't tell that to people from south wales though , because they 're equally proud of their heritage and would never admit that they 're not as welsh , but culturally it 's clear . 
  almost everyone in these southern areas speaks english as their first language , they might claim to speak welsh and have their road signs in both languages , but most only speak the welsh they learnt in school and nothing else . 
  i 'll also add that while south wales was economically prosperous in the sense that there was a lot of economic activity there , that does n't equate to it being a rich area . 
  most of the work was in labour intensive industries like coal mining , manufacturing , and shipping . 
  this meant that while it was built up and industrial , it was also very working class with some extreme poverty . 
  because of this the south welsh are known for being more bawdy , drunken , and loud , whereas the north welsh are perceived as more reserved and traditional . 
  what do you need to watch ? 
  never seen it . 
  the british attitude to the irish was far more complex than most people give it credit for . 
  it 's easy to think of it as england simply being a greedy imperial power who wanted the lovely isle of ireland for itself but it 's actually much more complicated than that . 
  it fails to take into account a number of things for example 1 . 
  the culture in ireland going back centuries meant that the irish people were n't just resistant to be ruled by a foreign power but also resistant to be ruled generally , local allegiances came before supposed higher authority , scottish culture was like this but changed , irish culture not so much 2 . 
  england 's interests in ireland were mostly economic and resource oriented , the british did n't actually care about controlling every irishman or scrap of land , they mostly cared about being able to milk ireland for resources whenever there was a war in europe making trade difficult , they did this by raising armies there and exporting food . 
  the notion of a unified ireland did n't come to exist until later than most people think , and in many ways it came to exist as a reaction to british occupation . 
  all in all , england 's historical attitude to ireland was one of `` you are defacto under our rule ( as we have the armies ) , and we 'll come for you when we need something , otherwise sort your own problems out '' . 
  this is why you had the system with the pale and then a clusterfuck of regional power structures . 
  ironically , had the english actually been more interested in ruling ireland in the same way they ruled the welsh for example , then the whole course of history might 've been different , the irish might have become more `` anglicised '' and ireland could 've formed its identity differently , being as much part of the uk as scotland or wales . 
  at very least independence might have been achieved much later and on friendlier terms . 
  because of britain 's `` leave it alone unless we want something '' mentality the irish never felt they had much a stake in the uk 's prosperity , which is factor in why they achieved independence the way they did . 
  two ways genders often emerge are gendering of objects , based on their physical properties , phallic objects could be he and receptive objects could be shes , if your language does n't have a neuter pronoun for inanimate objects then it 's necessary for there to be some system to decide which pronoun to use for which object . 
  sure you could refer to everything that is n't actually a living female as `` he '' , but why would n't you put those pronouns to good use ? 
  with a system that genders objects based on physical properties will always have plenty of unclear cases , and the genders of these objects will seem arbitrary . 
  the gendering on the basis the phonetic or written properties of words , for example based on the sound with which the word ends . 
  this can occur naturally simply through people 's natural preferences for which sound pairs best with others . 
  notice how english has `` a '' and `` an '' , and how `` the '' is often pronounced like `` thee '' before a vowel . 
  this is n't gender because the way english decides which to use is purely based on the phonetic qualities of the next word , it 's not linked to the noun in any real sense , we say '' * an * elephant '' but '' * a * big elephant '' . 
  however , if english speakers had decided that because it 's `` an elephant '' then `` an big elephant '' was correct , it 's easy to see how this might have evolve into a fully fledged gender system given enough time . 
  gender does have its benefits , for example , look at this english sentence `` i saw a van and an elephant in the park , it crashed into it and it fell over '' we do n't know what crashed into what because `` it '' could refer to either thing . 
  with gender this sentence would n't be ambiguous unless they shared a gender . 
  finally , i think a lot of people object to gender because of how hard it is for foreigners to remember which gender a word is . 
  however , through history , being easy for foreigners has not been a top priority for many communities . 
  if your language is spoken by 100,000 people , and +99 % of them speak it from birth , and everyone from the age 10 + can get the gender right almost all the time , then why would you perceive gender as being `` difficult '' , there 's no reason for it to change just because that tribe over the mountains ca n't get it right . 
  to to sum but , gender can occur naturally in languages because many of the things we talk about , other humans , animals , do have gender ( arguable these topics made up a far greater share of human conversation in history than they do today ) , this certainly explains why 2 ( m/f ) and 3 ( m/f/n ) gender systems tend to be prevalent . 
  however , gender can occur in other ways too . 
  genders tend to originally be split along either semantic or phonetic lines , however the original logic can easily be lost in history . 
  gender serves a function in language by making it easier to form complex sentences using only pronouns . 
  post collection takes longer than post delivery alone . 
  more work for the postman means you need more postmen to cover the same number of houses . 
  more postmen means paying more salaries , costs that will be covered in the price of stamps and postage . 
  now if i only send 1 letter a year i 'm not really benefiting from the service , yet that guy who sends post every day is benefiting greatly from it , yet when i go to send my annual letter , the price i pay is covering the additional cost of a service i do n't really benefit from . 
  interesting how the us is cool with sharing the cost of postage collection , even when it benefits people unevenly , but not cool with sharing the cost of say , healthcare . 
  the pilots of these aircraft must feel like gods 24/7 . 
  ordinary people must seem so dull when your job is crashing through the skies in these beast-like machines all day as if you were some kind of roman god piloting its chariot through the heavens . 
  lol you do n't need an extension to do that , just edit the page source . 
  press control + shift i. 
  press control f and search for `` lady talks about the internet '' . 
  right click the text choose `` edit '' . 
  change internet to `` information super highway '' . 
  press enter . 
  job done . 
  in a lot of countries , trams and undergrounds are one and the same , they go underground in the most built up areas but go overground was you get to the suburbs , eventually even sharing the road with cars and the like . 
  it makes a lot more sense and i have always wondered why the uk never thought of doing something similar . 
  that meat would be foul by the time it were processed . 
  there 's a good reason we do n't eat meat that gets killed accidentally or dies naturally . 
  unless this guy has a refrigerated van , carving tools and the skills to use them , and hooks to hang it on , there 's no way to get the meat off this thing in a safe way . 
  the meat you eat in the supermarket is killed in a clean environment , then soon after is cut up so the intestines and other dirty organs are away from the carcass , and kept at a low temperature to prevent spoilage and such . 
  why do n't you google them , nothing said there is remotely controversial , attitude on this sub of some , that everything should be backed with citations , is fucking stupid . 
  saying that genders typically either have a semantic or phonetic basis is pretty much like saying the world is split into red things and not red things . 
  furthermore , most of what i said there was just reiterating what was in the video above . 
  so the olympics is a massive fuck fest of property rights . 
  every country across the world is showing the clips , every one of them is meant to be paid for , aggressive take downs from youtube during the games appears to becoming a regular 4 year event . 
  i was n't really talking about london . 
  england has tonnes of cities that are bigger than their underground having european equivalents . 
  if hannover can have a link tram/underground system , and do n't see why the major british industrial cities ca n't have them . 
  that was just an example of how gender could be based on notions of semantic content . 
  it was not a statement of how language are , or usually are , divided by gender , although i 'm sure all the / r/badlinguistics zealots will interpret it so . 
  which loan do you mean ? 
  to qualify as a home student you have to be `` ordinarily resident '' in the uk , there is no entirely solid official definition of this , but there is case law from various decisions . 
  generally you have to have resided in a uk country for the last 3 years with no major breaks that were n't holidays or job postings on behalf of uk companies ( also different uk countries get different entitlements ) . 
  your only chance at home student status might be because your were no doubt under 18 when you left the uk to live in the us , because you had no choice but to follow your parents there , and consequently you would 've been ordinarily resident had you not been a child . 
  i recommend you look into this seriously as home student status is obviously the best financially . 
  if you do n't qualify for either home or eu student status then you are de facto an international student , even if you 've got a british passport , and should have those options open to you . 
  i doubt that your having uk citizenship would exclude you from receiving grants aimed at us citizens , as it 's not like you cease to be a us citizen because you 're dual nationality , but i 'm just making a guess here . 
  again you 'll need to read the fine print and find out conditions on which the funding is awarded . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  all three of these must be true :, 
  - you 're a uk national or have ` settled status ' ( no restrictions on how long you can stay ), 
  - you normally live in england, 
  - you 've been living in the uk for 3 years before starting your course, 
  you ca n't deny that most conspiracy communities are overrun by loons though . 
  the people with secrets to hide probably love the alex jone 's of this world for drowning out a lot of sensible critical debate by diluting it with crazy nonsense and fringe political agendas . 
  even if one popular conspiracy theory was true , it would be drowned out by nonsense . 
  i think this shows how media and the political elite have changed tact , instead of controlling the narrative as they did in previous centuries they now over saturate the narrative , so people struggle to distinguish fact from fiction and nobody really knows where they stand . 
  cameras are n't a big deal at all . 
  they 're not spying on you , they 're recording constantly for liability and insurance reasons . 
  after a certain amount of time that data is deleted and recorded over . 
  if you commit a crime then the police can request the footage from the private owner if they want to , that 's it . 
  there actual government cctv is very distinct from the privately owned stuff , foremost , they 're typically designed to give a 360 degree range of vision .
