  the bases tend to move around to avoid getting too hot or getting robbed , but having the intermediate means that stash house never has many people coming in and out of it so never gets hot and does n't need to be changed that often ( obviously it 's easier to convince someone to temporarily hold a sports bag full of a few hundred baggies than it is to find someone willing to keep many many kilos of weed under their floor boards ) . 
  hell , the guys at the bases might not even know where the stash house is , as putting this information out there would be way too dangerous . 
  in the stash house there is a guy whose job is simply to sit around guarding many many kilos of weed and bag up 2g bags all day and deliver them to the bases when necessary . 
  this might be the real dealer himself , or it might be a trusted mate who is getting paid a cut to do this . 
  really the organisation of the weed dealers in birmingham is impressive . 
  they clearly understand capitalism , and how to make the system most efficient to make money . 
  these guys at the top of these schemes were all driving range rovers and bmws btw , and they never got caught because it was so hard for the police to actually tie any of the criminal activity to them , all they had to do was fund the operation and manage it , and without tapping their throwaway phones then there was absolutely no way to pin it back to them since other people were doing almost all the work . 
  individual dealers would go down for short stretch occasionally if the got caught by the police ( most had records ) , very occasionally a transporter would get caught with a few hundred bags and do a longer punishment , but immediately they 'd be replaced and the flow of weed would continue . 
  i guess it just goes to show that even something as low stakes as weed is serious money in a big weed consuming city like brum . 
  first off i want to make something very clear . 
  i know nothing about firefighting , so the references to firefighting are used only theoretically . 
  it could well be that the operational dynamics of firefighting mean that there is simply no space for women as actual firefighters , since there could be simply too few jobs that do n't require physicality to ever make it operationally feasible to bring a woman on the team along without the performance of the unit suffering . 
  in this case firefighter should be classed in the same category as `` sas soldier '' , which is a job that afaik women are not eligible to do for physical reasons . 
  only an expert in firefighting could actually tell whether or not it 's possible to take along a woman firefighter without performance suffering , and if it is possible only such an expert could tell you what the ratio of men to women it is possible to take without performance suffering . 
   those things do not change the fact that you limit your tactical options for every person you bring that can not fill all available positions . 
  you are assuming that such a thing is possible . 
  whether it is possible for all members of a crew to fill in all possible roles entirely depends on the complexity of the roles they are expected to perform . 
  it may well be feasible to train all firefighters to perform adequately at all roles , so even if some specialise they can each fill in for another if necessary . 
  but this is n't about firefighting , it 's about how organisation solutions can be found to this problem . 
  if we look something like the police force , where the range of skilled needed for the organisation to perform is more diverse , it 's obviously not possible for every police officer to be sufficiently trained as to be able to perform each role adequately . 
  greater specialisation is required , and certain technical skills are too complex to be performed adequately without narrow specialisation . 
   your reasoning here seems to centre that around bringing only one person without the physical requirements in question . 
  in all likeliness when we talk about quotation , it would be more likely be the magic 50 % mark . 
  this is n't about what is `` likely '' . 
  this is about solving the problem fairly and organisationally rather than with pay gaps or exclusion . 
  if the organisational dynamics of firefighting are such that it 's only possible to take 1 woman for every 8 man firefighting crew with performance being compromised , then allowing 1 of every 8 man crew to potentially be a woman is what is fair and ethical for forces to do . 
  forcing a 50/50 man woman split in this case would actually be unethical . 
   now you might have 3 , 4 or 5 people ready to enter the building , sometimes you might want to send 6 in . 
  if all 8 had the option of filling that role , thats not an issue . 
  that simply equals more tactical options . 
  again you 're making this specifically about firefighting . 
  an expert in firefighting will be able to access the organisation dynamics , tell you the feasibility of having firefighters cover each other 's roles , and assess whether performance is reduced by the presence of female firefighters who might lack certain skill sets . 
   but to answer some of the stuff , i think you should simply set the physical , intellectual and psychological requirements for the position at sane levels , and then require it from all who get the job in question, 
  that 's exactly what i 'm saying is right to do . 
  however , a one size fits all criteria does n't a necessity with a complex organisation . 
  the army clearly understands this , which is why they assign roles with that organisation of the basis of assessment . 
  the requirements of a medic are not the same as those of a elite soldier , the expectations for a scout are not the same as a demolitions expert . 
  women are locked out , or extremely rare , in some roles because they do n't meet the ability requirements for those roles . 
   `` hosing '' is a physically demanding thing as well , unless you expect someone else to first help you roll out and drag the hose into position , operate eventual fire hydrant ( that might be rusted or painted over ), 
  i 'm well aware of that . 
  but it could well be that a strong woman is able to meet the requirements for that role , but not for a different role that requires even greater physical strength . 
  again , i 'm not trying to make this about firefighting per se , ask the firefighters . 
   and the person `` outside telling them if the building is collapsing or the fire is spreading '' is generally the commander , and also generally among the most experienced in all relevant roles . 
  this again is logically sound since actually knowing first hand whats happening at all stations is a very good experience to have for whoever is in charge of their squads and civilian lives . 
  again , about firefighting . 
  furthermore , the organisation dynamic of firefighting allows for women to garner that experience , then it may well allow for female commanders to perform that role . 
  ask a expert in firefighting to know how a system like this applies to the job . 
   i suggest you aim the rest of your reply at someone else , it 's in no way whatsoever a response to anything i have expressed . 
  no , that 's completely bullshit . 
  i have responded directly to what you expressed , and i told your and incredibly logical way to fairly treat women and assess the places they are able to take within an organisation structure . 
  you just seem to be taking this back to firefighting . 
  only an expert in firefighting can tell you this organisational division of labour actually applies to the activity of firefighting in the real world . 
  yeah . 
  i hate to say it but i think it might be something to do with the racial breakdowns of the cities . 
  the pakistanis that run their weed in the way i 've described keep it in the family so to speak . 
  they want organisational control from the bottom up , the asian mafia of sorts ( but really most of them are n't even that tough or mean , just broke immigrants trying to make a living , some of whom are actually thoroughly nice blokes ) . 
  they take the risk of selling to anyone who gets their number and just accept the consequences when they have to . 
  designing the system to minimise those consequences . 
  obviously they 're still sometimes cautious , and occasionally they might ask you where they got the number but if you were police you could probably just make a name up and say they live in this area , and the the driver would have no idea if that was a real person . 
  hell , i still have a few numbers form back then ( have not lived there for years ) , and every once in a while i get a text saying `` nu numba xxxxxxxxxx fat cheez bags '' . 
  the burger bar crew has n't existed in a very long time . 
  but people of that equivalent level of criminality do n't get involved in this kind of dealing . 
  they make their money off the fact that everyone is shit scared of them . 
  and if they do sell drugs it will be wholesale , as the fear their inspire gives them an advantage given 99 % of people would be shit scared of robbing them . 
  in fact , the real serious murdering type gangster thugs mostly make their money robbing other dealers and selling their stuff on ( or even back to them ) . 
  if they do n't want to do that can even just extort other dealers in their area for protection , a share of the profits without having to life a finger . 
  the weed dealers i 'm talking about stay as far away from the violent gangs as possible , as they 're exactly the type of people that those violent gangs would love to rob . 
  to put it another way , the violent gangs in birmingham operate in the light , they require their reputations as dangerous to protect their turf and to make them untouchable to most other criminals . 
  the kind of drug organisations i 've described operate in a very clandestine fashion , precisely because they 're all about the money and not about the reputation . 
  hat 's probably why they stick to weed , as things like coke and smack draw the attention of the criminal community very fast , and the last thing they want is attention junkies and wannabe thugs bring . 
  notably amongst the white community in birmingham it works much the same way as you 're describing in glasgow . 
  you have to be a friend of a friend who can vouch for you not being police or a grass , and all the dealers are in a sense completely separate businesses entirely independent of each other . 
  they act more like companies that sell to each other in different quantities than organisations . 
  each taking the financial burden and risk entirely on themselves . 
  this creates lots of small time dealers like you 've described , who buy a few oz at a time , potentially getting it from multiple sources , and only sell to a small clientele of trusted people . 
  the way the asians do it probably would n't even be feasible in white communities , because people are n't quite as desperate for cash and bit more likely to start questioning they 're doing all the work , taking a lot of risk , but only see a small share of the returns . 
  immigrants on the other hand are just happy to earn # 500-1000 a week cash , despite it being 8 hours work a day , 7 days a week . 
  it certainly beats driving a real taxi , and you can claim benefits too on top if you want . 
  the immigrants are also well aware that it 's this or nothing , since they do n't have the connections to strike out in business by themselves , so they just have to play along . 
   the reason for this is that what is `` fair '' should n't even be considered when we are talking about the potential for lives to be at risk . 
  i 'm sorry but what i 've explained absolute is 100 % fair , and fairness is absolutely what we should be talking about . 
  women should not be locked out of those roles that they are capable of performing as well as a man , be the fire service , the police , or the army . 
  what i 'm suggesting is true , performance based , equality , rather than the pseudo equality that radical feminists espouse that does n't take into account ability . 
   your version of fair is n't fair to the other members of the unit , they now have members who are far less physically able to the necessary job . 
  it absolutely is fair . 
  the system i 've described is designed precisely to avoid this situation , with it they should never have anyone with them who is n't physically able to perform their necessary role . 
  in fact if implemented effectively this should never happen , everyone tasked with a job should meet the physical requirements needed to perform that job . 
  simple as that . 
  unless you are suggesting a system where instead of their being a required level of physical ability , we simply take `` the strongest '' eligible people then i do n't know what your point is . 
  a system like this might be slightly better , but it 's much harder to quantify who is the overall `` best '' over many different abilities ( strength , endurance , technical skills ) , than it is to simply a standard that people should performing certain roles are required to meet in each of these respective areas . 
   you have to consider far more than just helping people out of a burning building , but also consider a trapped firefighter in full gear . 
  there are almost zero women who could carry an injured firefighter weighing close to 200lbs with an additional 50lbs of gear from a burning building while also wearing 50lbs of gear . 
  if that is what is necessary then under this system women who could not do that would not meet the requirements to perform those roles . 
  so there 's absolutely no problem here . 
  just as if there exists no females who can meet the physical requirements needed to join a squad of firefighters without compromising the operational effectiveness of the unit then there would be no female firefighters . 
   it is n't about being against women , it is about being rational . 
  people too often conflate isms with things that have nothing to do with isms but rather have everything to do with the realities of a situation . 
  no offence , but it seems to me that what i 'm suggesting is literally the most rational way to decide who can do a job . 
  simply banning women from a role because they are women is less rational . 
  ensuring that everyone who performs a role meets the requirements needed to perform that role to standard is absolutely fair and rational .
