  well you 're a moron then . 
  eu immigrants are a boon for the country , they have similar values mostly and integrate entirely within a single generation . 
  those traditionalist types are xenophobic pure and simple . 
  it wo n't be absorbed . 
  however economically the whole of the se is essentially `` part of '' london . 
  hell , the commute belt for london stretches virtually to birmingham , and that 's what the hs2 shit is all about , by reducing the time between birmingham and london to 50 minutes they 'll essentially making birmingham into a london satellite . 
  my parents did the same but even worse . 
  had a small flat , nothing special , in shepherd 's bush or somewhere like that . 
  sold it for 80k in the early 90s . 
  now it 's worth over 2 million . 
  meanwhile the house they bought in a new city was worth about 120k in the early 90s and these days it 's probably only worth 300k . 
  fuck the london housing market to be honest . 
  because of the demand to live there . 
  it makes perfect economic sense . 
  if lots of people want to live in london you can build lots and lots of cheap housing to accommodate them while house prices stay relatively the same , or you can keep the number of dwellings the same and watch people get into a bidding war over who gets to have it . 
  none of the building work that 's been going on in london the past 20 years has been about providing large quantities of affordable housing , in fact it 's been the opposite , it 's been taking places that historically had a lot of affordable low cost housing , knocking it down and building less affordable more luxury housing because they 're speculating that soon the wealthy middle class types will be willing to live there . 
  yeah yeah . 
  did you know that in the post war period birmingham actually was threatening london 's dominance as the centre of british commerce in many areas and westminster actually had to implement laws to push business away from birmingham and back to the capital or up north to counter it because they were threatened by it ? 
  the north hated it because they felt like birmingham was taking their slice of the pie and london hated it because they could n't stand these jumped up working class oiks threatening their title of centre of the universe in every field . 
  look at a country like germany and you 'll see that different cities have different roles , frankfurt for finance , berlin for politics , the rhine valley for industry , munich for manufacturing , while in the uk london has it all . 
  that was before thatcher sold off the country 's industry of course . 
  if birmingham is a shithole , it 's that way because that 's how londoncentric politicians and cultural snobs made it that way . 
  i do n't oppose free movement within the commonwealth , i think we should have a similar agreement with those nations , but that does n't mean eu movement is bad . 
  in fact uk is one of the winners in eu immigration overall , while places like poland are losing skilled labour to places like the uk and germany . 
  this is why our economy is projected to overtake france and the 2nd economy of europe by 2030 . 
  also you 'll find that if commonwealth immigration was opened up it might lead to a net loss for the uk , with more brits moving to places like canada , australia and new zealand than those nationalities coming here . 
  the only reason people hate eu immigration really is because they think that british born people deserve jobs over polish workers , despite the fact that the polish worker is equally or more capable of doing the job . 
  they also make the mistake of thinking we have a finite number of jobs and that never changes , in fact immigration is big factor in economic growth which means those poles are actually creating demand by moving here . 
  i do n't put any significance on nationality , but solely on a economy , and it makes sense economically to allow movement within the eu . 
  i can understand why people might not like large scale immigration of people who come from vastly different cultures and third world countries , but frankly i feel like it makes no difference whatsoever if an immigrant is polish or canadian , in fact in many ways we have more in common culturally with other europeans than we do with commonwealth peoples . 
  we seem to forget that the uk is part of europe , and share all that culturally comes with it with other european nations , distant places like australia , despite once being part of our empire and speaking are language , do not share that . 
  i have tonnes of irish surnames in the family tree if you go back a few generations , yet you 'd have to go back very far until you found one that actually identified as irish . 
  [ looking at this ] ( http://ec.europa.eu/eurostat/statistics-explained/images/d/db/old-age_dependency_ratio_in_european_cities%2c_2012_%28%c2%b9%29_%28%25%2c_persons_aged_65_years_persons_aged_20%e2%80%9364_years%29_ryb15.png ) i 'm pretty sure that in 100 years times there 's just going to be one mega city stretching from manchester to frankfurt . 
  depends what you want out of life . 
  i have plenty of friends living reasonably close to the centre on # 25,000 year . 
  they 're just paying # 700 a month to live in a small room in a house split between 13 people that is n't on a tube line . 
  your friend could comfortably rent a flat in zone one to be honest . 
  he 's just be paying 2k - 2.5 k a month to live in flat that in any other british city would n't cost more than 800 . 
  living in london is very expensive but it 's not impossible . 
  the question is why ? 
  on 80k a year you could be paying off a mortgage and actually investing that money rather than giving it to a landlord . 
  if you 're talking about buying then yeah that 's impossible for anyone but the mega rich , but it 's perfectly possible to live in london on a relatively meagre salary , you just have to make sacrifices . 
  the only people who do it are either doing it for their career with the expectation that it 'll pay off in the end or love london so much that they 'll forego home ownership , luxury accommodation and breathing space just to be there . 
  you know i 'm beautiful inside . 
  lol , it 's crazy what some foreigners believe about the uk . 
  we 've had prime ministers with irish lineage in the 19th century never mind the 20th century . 
  any animosity between the british and the irish is long in the past , even during the troubles it was n't between the british and the irish per se , but the unionists and the nationalists , and even going further back , the hatred was n't against the irish as an ethnicity but as a nationality . 
  there was also discrimination against catholics but again this was n't about ethnicity . 
  in fact i think the very concept of `` irish ethnicity '' stems from america , a way for wasp descended americans to discriminate against people whose families had emigrated from ireland . 
  ironically i 'm pretty sure i have about 2 great grandparents with irish names , both of whom were catholic and had come from ireland within a generation or two , yet i do n't remotely identify as irish . 
  pretty much , even how many irish moved into the british cities if you 've got any working class family whatsoever you 're probably got some irish ancestors , especially if you 're in the north of the country . 
  it 's way more complicated than that . 
  america would never allow their people to emigrate freely to the uk or vice versa . 
  opening up the commonwealth i think is a good idea but economically would be extremely complicated . 
  nobody wants their best and brightest moving away to areas where better opportunity is available in their field . 
  finland , germany , france , sweden , norway we do have freedom of movement with , also italy and spain . 
  right there you have the majority of the eu , people seem to be vastly overestimating the population of eastern europe . 
  japan and south korea , politically there 's just no fucking way that would ever happen . 
  also i think it 's quite arrogant of us british to assume that every hungarian or slovakian actually wants to come here , it 's a tiny % really . 
  part of us still thinks its 1980 and these countries are 3rd world compared with might britain , in fact the differences are n't that vast . 
  the blue banana is undoubtedly true . 
  however , it 's not a city . 
  it 's just a trend of industrialisation , population growth and urbanisation within europe . 
  the thing is though that there is a vastly densely population band running north west to south east through england , into belgium and holland and then down the rhine into germany . 
   the concept makes more sense in the us were cars are dominant, 
  lol what ? 
   birmingham was second only to london for the creation of new jobs between 1951 and 1961 , [ 4 ] and unemployment rarely exceeded 1 % between 1948 and 1966 . 
  [ 5 ] by 1961 , household incomes in the west midlands ( county ) were 13 % above the national average , [ 6 ] exceeding even london and the south east . 
  [ 7 ] however , the incoming labour government of 1964 sought to control what it saw as a `` threatening situation '' , most notably by extending the control of office employment act 1965 to the birmingham conurbation in 1965 . 
  birmingham 's economic landscape had suffered significantly as a result, 
  essentially the government at the time gimped birmingham 's economy to try to solve problems in other regions like the north east . 
  neither the left nor the right wanted birmingham strong because it was bucking the well accepted trends . 
  it was n't a good working class labour socialist city like many northern cities were traditionally , nor did it belong to the old school tie club of the south . 
  it was , if anything , embracing a more american ethos of classless capitalism and industry . 
  it got double fucked , once by the old left and then later by the thatcherites , which totally destroyed the civic pride and identity of the place . 
  you ca n't be a thriving industrial modernist hub when you 're industry is in the toilet and you 're no longer thriving . 
  thus birmingham became a shithole without a strong cultural identity , something which even to this day it 's still trying to recover from . 
  even today , the tories are trying to placate the working classes with their talk of a northern economic powerhouse around manchester , and if someone lists off english cities they 're far more likely to mention places like manchester and bristol before birmingham . 
  only parts of eastern europe are incredibly poor when you account for purchasing power parity , which means their economies are ok , even if the money is technically less . 
  the uk only has a gdp ppp per capita of $ 39k and much of eastern europe sits around $ 25 - 30k . 
  what makes it attractive to eastern europeans especially is the differences in nominal gdp , the uk has high pay but the costs of living are some of the highest in europe , this means if they send money home then it goes a lot further , but all the while they have to pay our taxes and support themselves paying our prices for their living . 
  furthermore there are different types of `` brain drain '' . 
  highly professional people at the top of their fields can easily come in using visas , however people like plumbers , heating engineers , industrial workers will struggle to . 
  overall most eu immigrants do not claim benefits , and the net taxes they bring into the country easily pay for those who do . 
  furthermore adjustments to eu regulations might make it so even this is a thing as the past by introducing requirements on benefits for eu migrants ( e.g must have lived in the country for over 2 years or paid x amount of tax ), 
   whereas nations a hell of a lot more culturally akin to us, 
  i disagree with this statement , i feel no more culturally akin to an aussie than i do a polish person . 
  asides from language our cultures have radically diverged from one another . 
  again , i do n't oppose freedom of movement within the commonwealth but it 's complicated and it has n't any bearing on whether eu movement is a good or bad thing . 
  honestly i ca n't see why anyone is against eu immigration , i do n't see any polish ghettos , any clashes between polish and british values , nor any poles trying to impose their ideas on uk culture , which ca n't be said for immigration from places like pakistan and the middle east . 
  you also need to consider the fact that while the uk is one of the top eu economies meaning we mostly appeal to people within the eu , commonwealth immigration could easily lead to brain drain away from the uk when you compare britain 's economy with that of australia for example . 
  but the fact that the cities can sprawl shows that there is space to sprawl into which does n't seem conducive to the creations of mega cities . 
  really just endless commute belts . 
  in europe where is often no space big cities seem to be merging into one another which really does seem to be creating mega cities . 
  i said that badly . 
  what i mean is that both americans and british people do n't pronounce the - r in the first syllable . 
  that is to say that they do n't let the presence of the r affect the quality of the preceding vowel like normal , as they would in a word like `` for '' or `` more '' . 
  most american accents do this differently from how most british accents do this . 
  most american , canadian , and irish ( and also west country ) accents do this by adding a growling - r sound to the end of the vowel and changing the vowel they use . . 
  most british , australian , new zealand ( and also places like boston ) accents do this only by changing the vowel .
