  they were secretly trying to burn through your scalp with their minds . 
  saved , this is the new copy pasta . 
  itt : not pizza, 
  false : your most logical dating format assumes the existence of computers , europeans have been writing the date the correct way for a lot longer than that . 
  more north than i !, 
  many doctors are assholes , that 's why . 
  nurses and paramedics are regular joes who put themselves through a great deal just to help people . 
  many doctors are people who were good at exams in school , mostly the type of exams that require you to retain a lot of information and regurgitate it very precisely . 
  they then do jobs that are essentially box ticking until you get to specialists who might actually have some expertise in their field . 
  they are also very highly paid compared to regular jobs . 
  do n't get me wrong , i have a lot of respect for good doctors who really care about people and doing their job well , over and above doing their job `` correctly '' , and for medical professionals who have proved themselves to have a great level of expertise within their profession . 
  but a person does n't win my respect by default simply by being a doctor , as they would if they were a nurse of paramedic , there are plenty of bad doctors out there who choose their profession merely because they were book smart and saw the profession as a fast track to gaining social status and a good salary . 
  i 've known plenty of people who 've become doctors over the years and i 'd like to say they were all both good people and intelligent , sadly i ca n't . 
  well that post make me think i certainly would n't trust you to make choices about my health . 
  bad spelling , egotism , you do n't even sound mature enough to run a bad caf\u00e9 . 
  i have no faith you can remember your medical training . 
  maybe if you presented yourself and reacted to things differently you 'd get more damn respect . 
  as a doctor you 're expected to be infallible , it 's your job , and this attitude is just bullshit . 
  being a prick who bitches like a wuss does though . 
  i 'd wager you 'd be a better doc if you realised a large part of being a good doctor is dealing with the social hand you 're dealt . 
  if you wanted to be judged purely on your intellectual merits you should have become an academic . 
  that `` ignorant patient '' who says `` nurses know better '' says it for a reason , even if it is n't factually correct . 
  probably because the nurse inspires in him the belief that they are interested in making them better . 
  yes , you might have five minutes to interact with them whilst the nurse has 5 hours , so what ? 
  that why you 're the doctor . 
  do n't whine and bitch about your patients and subordinates , so what if they want to get one over on the guy with more college years on them , they 're your fucking subordinates , they 're subordinates for a reason . 
  patients are uneducated , subordinates are bitchy , that 's life . 
  you 're meant to be better , fucking act like it , do n't lament about what you fucking worked for , nobody outside your profession give a shit how many papers you aced , how many parties you missed or how hard you studied in med school , but they do care how you present yourself in the here and now . 
  scrap that : you subscribe to the red pill and talk about fingering girls asses on reddit . 
  that fact you are doctor is just testament to the down fall of western society . 
  you should n't be allowed to herd goats . 
  you are the embodiment of why people do n't and should n't trust doctors . 
  i was n't assuming anything . 
  i just think it 's a bad piece of language . 
  i was n't calling this particular redditor racist . 
  he 's nordic-white because he 's blonde and tall , he 's slavic-white because he has a receding brow , he 's mediterranean-white because he 's olive skinned and swarthy . 
  it 's a load of bollocks . 
  who the fuck are we in this context ? 
  tbf on the whole of think doctors are usually very good . 
  that 's bollocks though , if you want to hear people speaking properly you need to go speak to the posh folk in oxfordshire/cambridgeshire/various home counties . 
  the home of conservative public school english . 
  people in london sound funny . 
  sounds fine to me , a little tribute to the french origin of the word , you sound like a moron for caring . 
  well i 'm sorry , i do n't hate you as a person for those things . 
  but you 've chosen a role that gives you influence over life and death . 
  if you were doing anything else i would n't care what you did . 
  but if i was suffering potentially fatal illness and thought my doctor was a wild card who bangs 7 girls in 5 months i would be terrified . 
  i 'd want the doctor who spent his weekend reading dostoevsky and going to his children 's musical recitals . 
  it might not be fair , but i do n't you 're allowed a break if you 're a doctor , that 's why you 're doctor , and the whiners and helpers are assistants or nurses . 
  in a perfect world investment bankers would be on doctors salaries and vice versa , but that 's just not the way it is . 
  what really gets me is the amount of frustration you showed towards lower level colleagues and patients , jealous bitchy colleagues and distrustful and/or moronic patients are part of the job , you should be better than that , i think you know you should , because this does n't just apply to doctors , but anyone in a position of a authority , of which a doctor is just one type . 
  that 's not true . 
  from my experience with english learners people 's capacity to modify their accent varies immensely from person to person . 
  there are a number of factors consider , i think probably the most important is whether the person wants to learn a new accent , because learning a language is one thing and learning the accent is another , changing your accent takes sustained effort and impossible unless a person wants to change . 
  the second which is almost as important is how self-conscious the person is , if someone is self-conscious then it 's very hard for them to ever acquire the proper accent , this is especially noticeable in young learners in peer learning situations , they might not put effort because they think it 'll make them look silly in front of their friends . 
  the third most important thing is whether someone has an ear for language . 
  are you the type of person that can do passable impressions of different accents in your own language ? 
  can you pick out the pitching of vowel sounds and tune into the nuances of the way someone speaks ? 
  the final thing to consider is familiarity , saying a word incorrectly because you are unfamiliar with it is totally different to saying it incorrectly because you have n't learnt the accent . 
  ultimately it will many years to become so proficient in a language and an accent for no one to be able to tell where you 're from , but it 's possible for all ages . 
  i will say that most people stop caring about their accent once they get to a level a competency where they are taken seriously and are well understood . 
  so you describe yourselves as nordic-caucasian rather than just `` caucasian '' , because there are no meaningful sub-types of caucasian , that 's just racist nonsense plain and simple . 
  you could easily be born and raised in finland and share more genetics with someone in ireland . 
  it 's just a load of pseudo-scientific nonsense . 
  i 'd give them what they want ... self esteem boosting, 
  we [ do this in england too ] ( http://imgur.com/voqcvtp ), 
  go to a good university and take an academic subject and you 'll still land a good well paid generic office job ... because people respect that . 
  mdma orgasm is overrated and takes a looong time . 
  because humans make decision and act , they are n't just the product of their genetics . 
  far cry 4 : fabulous edition, 
  damn straight , give me an mdma jacuzzi or massage any day . 
  keep going back , i 'm level 12 in french and german , whenever i focus on one i feel like i 've forgotten the other , but within an hour of practice i 'm back in the game . 
  it says 75 % of laws are made in brussels . 
  what the say did you just say fuck me about , you bitching a little ? 
  i 'll have you graduate i know top of my seals in the navy classes , and i 've been raided in numerous al quaeda secret involvements , and i have killed over 300 confirmations . 
  i am a trained gorilla . 
  in warfare , i 'm the sniper arm in the entire us force tops . 
  you are targeting me but i 'm just another nothing . 
  i will fuck you with precision the wipes which has never been liked before on this scene . 
  earth , fuck my marking words . 
  you can get away with thinking that shit over me to the internet ? 
  fuck again , thinker . 
  as we spy i am networking my secret speaking across the trace and your ip is being prepared right now so you better storm the maggots . 
  the wipes that storms out of the little pathetic thing . 
  life you call yours ? 
  your fucking dead kids . 
  i can be any time . 
  i can weigh you in over seven hundred kills , and that 's my bear hands . 
  not only am i extensively accessed by trains , but i have no arms for combatting the entire arsenal united states , and i will use it to wipe your miserable ass . 
  you shit the faceoff of the continent . 
  if you only could have commented what unholy cleverness your little `` retribution '' was about . 
  to bring down upon you , maybe you would have fucked your tongue . 
  but you would n't , you should n't , and now you 're holding the pay , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will drown in shit fury . 
  sincerely , your dead fucking kiddo . 
  i agree , and yet i can only assume that you are just one of those assholes too . 
  why ? 
  because you write long posts explaining to people why they 're wrong as if you 're superior . 
  the harmonica was a nice touch . 
  usually means , the absence of traffic at 2am in the morning for me , with perhaps a group of 10 cones somewhere on the hard shoulder and not a soul in sight .
