  these people come to doubt the world view authorities extol . 
  consequently unless they do the experiments themselves they will doubt it regardless of what textbooks say . 
  even if they did the experiments im sure they could find a way to reinterpret the results . 
  occams razor is just a guide after all , one that tells you what it 's logical to assume . 
  it 's not any guarantee of truth . 
  it 's naive to think that conspiracy theorists believe these things simply because they 're unaware of what society holds to be true . 
  once you go down that rabbit hole even knowledgable intelligent people can convince themselves of anything . 
  its quasi-cartesian . 
  actually it 's impossible to prove anything about the physical world . 
  science is inductive and not deductive . 
  just because you test something a million times does n't mean that it will tomorrow . 
  it does n't really matter if you attempt to falsify or verify . 
  it 's merely that modern science takes a negative approach for pragmatic reasons . 
  its simply more practical to take a hypothesis and disprove it than assert it to be the case . 
  this allows us to assume theories until they are disproved , which is essentially theoretical science . 
  only in maths and logic can things be proved , because we find things to be true by virtue of how we define them . 
  transpiracy really makes me laugh . 
  if you watch their videos though you will realise there are plenty of androgynous celebrities out there . 
  i can empathise with that feeling of just pure rage and annoyance but to do that in front of someone is a bit weird . 
  maybe her parents were broke , this is the us after all . 
  yeah i totally agree with this mentality . 
  journalists should be free to ask what they want , and public figures should be free to decline to answer or say it 's not something they want to talk about . 
  the whole , but what about the celebrities feels argument , as well as the argument that it 's inappropriate for a promotional interview is bullshit . 
  what i find disturbing is that people are defending the trite and artificial promotional interview format , as if it were a good thing . 
  tarantino behaved like a big spoilt child in that interview , yet everyone wanted to rage at krishnan for asking the questions . 
  the rdj one i 'm more sympathetic toward rdj for that , but still the idea that something should be off limits to journalists just because it might be hard for someone to talk about or because it was a long time ago is ridiculous . 
  celebrities impact the world in a meaningful way , saying that they 're pop fluff simply is n't true any more . 
  tarantino considers himself a serious artist . 
  this idea that it should be any different for tarantino , who influences hundreds of millions with his work , and a politician , is a misconceived . 
  i 've found weed quite an effective way of getting through hard times and if used responsibly does n't affect social life or motivation . 
  certainly a way to quieten negative thoughts during periods of downtime , which tend to the danger points , you 've just got to remember actually live your life as well . 
  not if your teeth are just a bit gappy but certainly if they were that bad . 
  plenty of poverty about . 
  yeah because you do n't give any of your money to help out the have-nots in society . 
  us also has some of the worst poverty of any developed western nation . 
  the point is that poor people in most countries would get basic dental care from the government . 
  what if people give a fake name and address ? 
  what if they do n't have id ? 
  i think you 're making the assumption that people provide valid id . 
  what you 're saying is only true they believe you 've given a real name and address . 
  otherwise you 'd be detained until they could ascertain your identity . 
  this is the case in many countries where carrying id is technically a legal obligation . 
  in the uk it 's good because we do n't have a legal requirement to have id ( never mind carry it ) and we do n't have mandatory obligation to register our address with the state ( although they can access certain government records e.g council tax : a tax on all property renters and owners ) . 
  if you 're carrying a driving licence , passport , or other form of accepted id in the uk and are willing to provide it when caught exactly the same happens . 
  the only difference is you 'd still be expected to alight . 
  truth is that a lot of the time in the uk they simply chuck people off and that 's the end of it . 
  however if you make a song and dance about it , or you leave the train at a major station then you get busted . 
  the only difference is that in the uk they expect to you alight after you 've been caught . 
  by the looks of that face i 'd say your basic cover is a bit more basic . 
  there are been studies into it and us actually has worse dental hygiene than much of europe . 
  who is bruce hoglund and why is he talking about nuclear reactors ? 
  i 'd like to see him learn the hungarian language . 
  i find it incredibly off putting when they shoehorn actors with ethnicities that do n't fit the role into into historical dramas . 
  in fact , when they have white and black actors in a historically setting acting as if they were indifferent to race it 's just whitewashing a difficult reality of western history . 
   well , i could , but i do n't want to play someone who 's being racially abused . 
  so you do n't want to accurately reflect the historical reality of you would 've been treated in that period , but would rather present a false and sanitised image of history ? 
  i do n't get her point . 
  there certainly are productions other than historical dramas in the uk , the market ca n't control what there is demand for , and casting people with ethncities that do n't fit the period is just whitewashing . 
  i think the most beautiful thing about the nhs is that it really is free and requires absolutely nothing on your behalf to access it . 
  in my countries free healthcare is provided to people who ca n't afford it but only if they sign on for benefits after demonstrating their lack of income . 
  otherwise they are bombarded with demands to pay their share of the public costs . 
  i think the ability not to be depend on the state regardless of our economic situation is a fantastic thing in the uk . 
  it means that when you 're young or retired you can do a bit of work on the side ( under the tax threshold ) without having to constantly clarify to the state and define your economic circumstances . 
  nor do you have to constantly send letters updating your financial status . 
  i do think that the individuals freedom of obligation to the government is a great thing in the uk . 
  in most countries you have to carry id , you have to carry your hi card , you have to inform that government where you reside at all times , and you have to constantly make them aware of your financial status to determine what benefits you 're eligible for . 
  when everyone is eligible for free hi then it negates this dependence , and i 'm grateful for that . 
  because britain was , stress on was , one of the most inviting nations with some very positive aspects to its work culture . 
  certainly many people moved to the uk because the career prospects were higher , we have a very meritocratic work culture and if you 're drive and capable then you can rise higher than in most other countries in which authority is basically preordained by your age , number of years working at a company , and the number of letters after your name . 
  for many people brexit will negate these positives due to the increased expense of living here ( in additional to an existing appalling cost of the living ) , the amount of bureaucratic issues , and the stress of the uncertainty of residence . 
  similar in other parts of the english speaking world in my experience . 
  maybe a product of historical segregation on gender grounds between children of young ages . 
  you say that , but as i kid i could munch my way through the most disgusting sweet candy and huge amounts of chocolate . 
  now with anything sweet like that i can manage about 3 bites and i 'm done . 
  meanwhile flavours that i could n't stand as a child e.g olives , wine , vinegar , heavily salty food , and bitter food all taste great . 
  it 's a nice theory but it seems to work the other way around with sweet food . 
  i definitely had a phrase of drinking it to get drunk before i started to like it , most because as teenagers it was the easiest booze to get our hands on . 
  because the english seem set on stoically going down with their ship by the looks of things . 
  i will say though that getting your body fat down , even with bulk , is still a huge benefit when it comes to women . 
  not many women care about huge muscles but a large number of them care about body fat . 
  i think it 's a product of modern society as women are so concerned by their own body fat and are constantly battling against the propensity of their bodies to amass it that a large number will only go for guys skinnier than they are . 
  point is you 're better of buff than doughy , i 'd say something like 30 % of women wo n't even look at you if you 're doughy . 
  honestly i think there is an ideological war raging across the globe the likes of which we 've never seen . 
  this is a new form of warfare , one that does n't involve weapons , or even much much confrontation at all . 
  now we have a war in the psyche of people around the world taking place mostly in the digital sphere . 
  all the major world powers are at it . 
  they know how much the internet has changed the game regarding the controlling the public narrative . 
  `` fake news '' , botting comments , influencing media outlets , funding politically opposing movements , it 's all about destabilisation and breeding dissent . 
  we see the internet as much more mature these days but i think it 's still in its infancy when it comes to political manipulation , it 's still a wild west when it comes to what you can do with a team of skilled hackers / social engineering experts with an oversized government budget . 
  it 's not just russia , it 's everyone , although perhaps russia have been having the most success of late . 
  i do n't doubt for a minute that russia and other world powers with a vested interest in undermining the eu acted to assist the legitimisation of the eurosceptic narrative around europe . 
  charlie brooker did a [ a nice piece ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=koy4ka-gbus ) discussing the idea . 
  we say :, 
  [ foreign word ] means [ english word ] in [ foreign language ], 
  technically speaking :, 
  [ english word ] means [ foreign word ] in english, 
  would be correct , however , you almost never hear it because of how rarely you want to explain an english word in english . 
  we 're more likely to say '' [ english word ] is the english word for [ foreign word ] . 
  your sentence is good . 
  shall can be used as intensifier in the in the 3rd and 2nd person , and has the opposite effect in the 1st person .
