  some things seem strangely backwards like how some people pay church tax and how some completely rude folk manage to retain public facing jobs , attitude of the older generation can seem cold and distrustful in some cases , but on the whole life seems good . 
  people like you need to sort themselves out . 
  i would never defend colonialism in the modern age but in the past that 's just what people did and it significantly contributed to the advancement of the human race . 
  any nation or power that could extend it did so , those that did n't could n't . 
  virtually everything in the past seems barbaric to us today , feeling guilty about what your distant ancestors did by modern ethical standards is absurd . 
  the us 's makes me twitch tbf, 
  this is one of my greatest motivations to up my german proficiency . 
  recently i had a woman scream at me on the phone for not having my kunden nummer . 
  one of these days ill be fluent enough to ask her what that stick up her arse is doing and how did it get there . 
  hmm that 's very interesting to be fair and something i have noticed to some degree that people can be quite rigid and outwardly hostile towards things that seem unimportant , and that seems strange to me . 
  one example might be driving . 
  in england people use the horn for two things , when there 's a genuine danger and when they feel like punching someone for dangerous or selfish driving . 
  here people seem to beep as a reprimand for the most minor things . 
  for example if i 'm turning into a driveway and there 's pedestrians meaning i ca n't out the road people come screaming up behind me , break at the last moment and beep as if there was anything i could do about it . 
  minor other infractions get beeps , nobody lets each other out during heavy traffic or thanks each other with a wave . 
  it seems to be all rules and little cooperation on the roads . 
  i see people here getting angry over minor things like this woman had tied her dog up near the fruit outside edeka and this man was shouting at her for it . 
  some people will even wait for the green man to cross at 1 am when it 's dead silent . 
  i do n't know , little things i guess . 
  is it part of german culture to be quite linear and hostile towards those that are n't . 
  i do n't really see life so black and white . 
  on the otherhand there are lots of positives . 
  this certainly is n't a violent culture like we have back home which is nice so it 's swings and roundabouts . 
  i know this . 
  but without colonalism it 's unlikely that technology and social progress could have advanced as it has during various periods of history . 
  rome would 've never given us what it did without its empire , and the same can be said of europe during the renaissance and enlightenment . 
  i heartily agree that the disbalance needs to be addressed and fixed for humanity to make future progress . 
  but in many ways it was a necessary evil during the eras in which it occurred . 
  i know i had to avoid it when i did anmeldung but the fact it even exists is quite surprising . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  i have worked in the service industry too and when i did i prided myself on having good skills . 
  i would be deferential without coming off slimey and friendly without being overly familar . 
  i would also most importantly be patient and depersonalise matters so i would n't get emotional over anything , even if the other person was a complete cock . 
  it 's absolutely unacceptable to get angry with a customer , especially for something a trivial as not having the correct information to hand . 
  if i was selling someone i would n't be the customer so it 's complete incomparable . 
  this is like someone coming to an investor asking for money and they going rage mode for asking questions , absolute bullshit . 
  it 's cute how delusional your are . 
  minor no chance parties that we make a big deal of over here because first world problems that low iq morons like you in the less progressive world like to read into apocalyptically because jealousy . 
  fyi the bnp basically collapsed and is now a standing joke as all these idiots do . 
  uk are a protest vote by anti eu morons with one policy idolised by right wing morons like yourself . 
  if you think the left retards then i do n't know why you dislike them at all . 
  the fact you put them in the same group as facist groups only shows your ignorance , they 're mere a more extreme version of the tories about on par with the republicans albeit a british version . 
  i was in a relationship with a girl at university that turned out to have quite an extreme case of bipolar disorder . 
  she was n't meant to drink and when she did she 'd stop taking her meds and go on hypomanic drink/drug binges until she ended up full manic and having convulsions and hallucinations and stuff . 
  i ended up feeling responsible for her but it was heartbreaking finding out that everything had gone wrong time and time again . 
  she 'd also been the victim of sexual assault because she would be extremely vulnerable and suggestable if she went off her meds . 
  it was a heartbreaking time for me and i dont think i had a clue about the realities of mi before then . 
  personally i think the age of consent for a partner should be 16 for people over 18 , but 14 for those between 14 and 17 . 
  there 's no excuse for anyone 18 or over sleep with anyone under 16 . 
  this protects young people from predators but wo n't criminalise normal teenage sexual activity . 
  gaming `` culture '' is horrible and actually made me less and less interested in gaming . 
  when i first started more hardcore gaming i was about 18 ( i had gamed before but just casual stuff ) i played for hours with people i 'd never met irl and it was great fun . 
  i 'd happily play 6 hours a day and i enjoyed those times . 
  5 years later and id involved myself in the scene , met other so called gamers irl , been to conferences etc. 
  frankly the gaming community is horrible , every segment of it . 
  the title gamer is toxic , not because of things that the likes of kotaku say , they are just as bad if not worse , but because its stupid . 
  being a gamer is no more meaningful than being a tv watcher or a milk drinker . 
  the very name seems to amass a dross of special snowflakes , asocial morons and childishly minded people . 
  geek culture is a sham too . 
  seriously if you 're over 20 and want to be put off gaming go to a con , struggle to find a single likable personality who does n't hold themselves in high self regard . 
  i wish gaming could just be like any other activity without this faux identity bolted on but it is n't . 
  best thing to do is to keep playing games and stay the fuck away from involvement with `` gaming culture '' or `` gamers '' , just play from home and leave it behind when you turn your game off . 
  do n't read the gaming press either they 'll only drag you down . 
  sorry if i insulted anyone but this how i feel , games themselves are great but gaming is just a breeding ground for the worst types of people , whether that be the stereotypical elitist nerd , the pseudo feminist trying to fight the power for the `` girl gamers '' , the `` look at me '' cosplayer types , the indie game hipsters , the one thing you all seem to have in common is being unable to relate to the wider world and each other without fixating on meaningless differences and identities that act as barriers to normal healthy adult social interaction . 
  edit : people seem to be reading into this as the stereotypical complaint about online gaming commuities and their irl representation being homophobic , misanthropic , sexist assholes . 
  whilst this is true this is n't what i meant . 
  i mean that the problem is much deeper than that at that a huge proportion of those that identify as gamers are socially dysfunctional neurotic unpleasant people incapable of living in the real world . 
  including many people who work in the industry . 
  basically anyone who thinks gamer is an identity or part of their identity is not functioning normally . 
  whilst the existence of make me a sammich you faggit idiots is bad , the way the so called community reacts to this is more indicative of the bizarre dysfunctional world `` gamers '' live in . 
  plenty of football fans are sexist homophobic assholes too but nobody makes a massive shitshow about it , because football fans do no endorse the type of moronic logic the `` gamers '' do whereby the actions of others is anything to do with them whatsoever . 
  basically what i 'm trying to say is that the whole scene stinks , i could n't care less if some basement dwelling nerd makes sexist joke because if i 'm not them it 's fuck all to do with me . 
  nobody thinks because some football fans are racist therefore every football fan is racist , because playing football is just a hobby not a way of life , and the same applies to gaming except in the deluded minds of people with so little else going on in their life that they try to make gaming into an identity . 
  the whole scene is full of these people and they are all equally neurotic whether they be racist homophobes or so called enlightened gamers that hate trolling in all forms . 
  the clich\u00e9 that most gamers need to get a life is true , and the person thay can frequently play games and have fun without labelling themselves a gamer has my utmost respect . 
  as a european i always thought it weird when you see american films with references to lube and masturbation . 
  would you say the same to someone who wanted to give their baby girl female circumcision ? 
  i 'm afraid when it comes to gaming i have become so, 
  i 'll never forget the time i was in the scummy university dive bar that everyone used to go to because it was free entry and open til about 3am so if you were n't hitting a real club that was your only option at the end of the night since everywhere else closed at 1 or 2 am . 
  it was busy and lots of people in the toilets using the urinals but i saw that the one cubicle they had in the mens was free which was unusual since that 's normally prime real estate if you do n't want to piss in a trough with 5 other guys next to you . 
  anyway i go in and immediately i just struck with horror not knowing whether to laugh or cry . 
  i start shouting and everyone in the room is like what the fuck . 
  i was pissed and needed to piss badly so i had to use the toilet anyway whilst simultaneously reeling in disbelief . 
  in the toilet was what can only be described as a pint of blood intermixed with diarrhoea to make a pinkish paste , half of it in the bowl the rest smeared up the sides and all over the seat , some had even leaked onto the floor . 
  by the time i was done pissing i was fighting the urge to vom everywhere . 
  afterwards people were queuing up to see what the fuck i was making all the noise about . 
  needless to say it was a horrific experience and i hope to god that whoever caused the mess got themselves to hospital sharpish . 
  diese video war sehr lustig !, 
  can confirm , was an officer in a top 500 guild for a couple of years . 
  we 'd raid 5 nights a week , although individuals were usually only raiding 3-4 nights a week with the better players taking a night off the day after reset whilst scrubs did the farm content . 
  there were no breaks in the raid schedule for a guild like this , we 'd have to farm the content for months after completion to gear up players since there was a constant turnover of members and we 'd need 50 decent geared players to be able ensure a raid 5 nights a weeks since every night different people would have different commitments meaning they could n't raid . 
  worst of all people would use this guild as a stepping stone to try and apply to a top 50 guild all the time although mostly they were hopeless scrubs like this guy who 'd get a trial on the basis of their gear and get kicked within 3 months for being baddies and assholes . 
  much easier to have a guild with 35 solid players where you know 90 % will want to raid each night when new content was available and then go into rest mode in the breaks between new content patches . 
  fuck no . 
  the eu has benefited the uk immensely . 
  many britons need to learn to take advantage of the eu more instead of being idiots with delusions of colonial superiority . 
  there 's nothing to stop brits going abroad and making a killing off the french/germans/whoever asides the their unwillingness to surmount cultural barriers that they think they are above . 
  people who whine about immigrants taking jobs off british workers are entitled and fail to understand the basics of economics . 
  they think that britain is just defaultly wealthy and it 's just a matter of sharing the spoils in return for their sub par labour which was the attitude that lead to the 80s and thatcherism and other bad times . 
  the ignorants in both the working and middle class piss me off no end and their opinions entitle them to a slap in the face , hopefully it might make wake them up to the delusional world they 've built around themselves .
