  wish americans all spoke like him . 
  i 'll just grab my fiddle and watch some people set fire to stuff shall i ? 
  and now his watch is ended . 
  ( yes i know he was n't in got but he would 've been had he been well enough i 'm sure ), 
  you 're right but i reckon it helps to hear an accent more often . 
  my accent does n't sound anything like welsh but i reckon i could do a better impression than most colonials due to my having known more sheeper shaggers than they . 
  this is just a bit sad . 
  firstly i did n't know people still used checks in shops , never seen it in europe . 
  the only time i 've used a check is to send someone money in the post when it 's not urgent enough to bother with a transfer like for a birthday or something or paying invoice . 
  never seen anyone take a check for a regular transaction . 
  secondly i do n't understand how all these meth and crack heads in the usa have cars , but still insurance , maintenance and safety checks are n't cheap , how do they afford that and their habit ? 
  finally i think you 've got to have some sympathy for people this fucked up . 
  it 's easy to say it was their choice to do hard drugs , but afterwards it stopped being their choice and i 'm sure they never thought they 'd sink so low . 
  it does n't excuse any crime they 've committed but you 've got to have some pity on them . 
  ah ok , i 've seen those , usually offering western union money transfers too and terribly exploitative loans for people with bad credit history . 
  still most people get paid by direct debit these days . 
  you 'd have to be pretty desperate not to able to wait a couple of days for a check to clear . 
  with the amount of traffic police on american roads , and how common being pulled over it seems to be there i 'd have thought that was a bad idea . 
  seems way more common to be pulled over in the us , i mean you actually have police purely dedicated to the roads . 
  i 've driven in europe for over 10 years and never been pulled over while driving . 
  they seem to prefer to just give tickets by using speed camera 's and send you it in the post here , saves money and does the same thing . 
  haha how so ? 
  colonial is anyone from the ex-colonies , not just america , it 's funny to call people from aus , nz , usa , can , sa colonials because it 's basically saying you 're still just an colonist to us , does n't matter how long you 've been independent . 
  sheep shaggers are people who engage in intercourse with sheep naturally , for which the welsh are well reputed . 
  ah ok that 's crazy . 
  in the uk police cars are fixed with cameras on the front and back that that can read licence plates , they automatically contact a database that will check who is the registered owner of that car , whether that person has a licence , whether they have insurance , whether road tax has been paid , and whether the car has an mot ( a yearly safety check every car must have in order to be considered roadworthy and thus to meet the requirements of insurance ) . 
  it also checks if the car has been reported stolen . 
  if you drive in front or behind a police car and you 're not road legal it will alert them they can pull you over and check you out more officially . 
  sure some people still drive without being legal and risk it , and the police might not always have their checking software turned on or choose to ignore due to having more pressing duties , but generally it 's a pretty efficient system . 
  also the police generally do n't police the roads very often here , if they happen to see highly illegal driving or at notified by their computer of something then they do something about it , but it 's not their main job , for example i see people passing police cars at 80 mph on the motorway all the time because that 's the speed of traffic , even though technically it 's illegal . 
  occasionally you have speed checks set up and the police use their speed gun to catch speeders , but usually they wo n't follow you and pull you over for this , just record your licence plates and send you a fine in the post . 
  no deal . 
  you wish !, 
  i lost mine and it was handed in at a police station . 
  they sent a letter and i had to collect it . 
  only trouble was the place it was handed into was 20 miles away on the other side of the city which was a pain because the police wo n't send it to you . 
  nevertheless i was very grateful to get it back . 
  someone 's touchy ... 
  why would you be poor to go to a college ? 
  sixth form college is free ? 
  the point about sixth form is you 're meant to be in sixth year to go there . 
  although that is n't always strictly true as sixth forms tend to have a bit of leeway , still you 're unlikely to find anyone older than 20 at a sixth form . 
  it 's the old british system of 3rds , lower 4ths , upper 4ths , lower 5th , upper 5th , lower 6th , upper 6th , which compose the senior level of education ages 11-18 . 
  sixth forms are for young people , have more of a school like ethos since many students are not yet 18 , and focus more on academic subjects like a school . 
  colleges are usually for anyone who wants `` further education '' , people under 25 can go for free but older students can attend if they pay the fees . 
  they offer a much wider range of subjects including lots of vocational stuff alongside academics . 
  naturally people who want to become plumbers or carpenters choose to go to regular college rather than sixth form . 
  also colleges are less fussy about gcse grades for academic courses since there is n't so many people who want to go to them . 
  you do have an accent ... it 's one of the many varieties of english accents , try going to germany and ordering pizza with that accent ... 
  the struggle is real . 
  i can relate to this so much . 
  speaking a foreign language is a rollercoaster sometimes . 
  the sheer panic and frustration when you ca n't make you 're understood and feel like an idiot , the self-hatred when you fuck up something you assumed you knew or forget a common word that you should know , the jubilation when everything goes well and you have something that resembles an ordinary conversation . 
  talking on the phone is the worst too . 
  in real life it 's a lot easier to understand from the facial and body language . 
  people are a lot less patient on the phone and it 's tough . 
  most of them are fine i have to say . 
  one kid i knew started a recruitment company and is now pretty rich . 
  one kid i knew went to rehab but then turned into a somewhat boring person but nothing terrible . 
  however one kid i knew , the one who seemed to try really hard to appear he was some kind of bad ass , yet nobody took seriously because he was small with a baby face , and also came from good background with 2 supportive parents , the guy who walks around with a swagger but everyone thinks he 's a stupid act . 
  well he went to prison for 20 years for armed robbery , kidnapping and shooting someone . 
  the time we kicked your arse and you 're still in denial about over 200 years later ? 
  still the true king of westeros !, 
  well bob , we 've invited one one member of the peta organisation who thinks called rainbow moonbeam to the studio who thinks this is animal cruelty due to be desecration of the whales corpse , and we 've also invited jackson leopold van huton snr . 
  a member of far right christian organisation who thinks the whale was sent by god . 
  we 'll have them shout are each other for 10 ten minutes while completely ignoring what each other are saying for your amusement . 
  that 's how it normally goes down in the us right ? 
  do you even know how many words are like this ? 
  americans always use the wrong vowel . 
  whether that be refusing to say progress , process , ay-pricot , data , mobile , patent . 
  but then saying privacy , patriot , simultaneously , patronising , vitamin , dynasty , project and advertisement . 
  americans love to use the long sounds ( diphthongs ) i.e the sounds in the alphabet sound except at the times they 're needed . 
  it 's like you just do it to troll britain . 
   there should be a middle 5 too . 
  why ? 
  that 's not part of the system , i think you 've counted wrong . 
  3rd 11-12 , lower 4th 12-13 , upper 4th 13-14 , lower 5th 14-15 , upper 5th 15-16 ( gcses ) , lower 6th 16-17 , upper 6th 17-18 . 
   i think this is why there was a stigma at my school about anyone who `` dropped out '' of school to go to college . 
  well most kids do n't want to leave school and then sit with middle aged housewives , ex-cons and such . 
  if you 're young and doing academic study you might as well go to sixth form . 
  a lot of sixthforms ask for 5 c-grade gsces including maths and english , which is hardly a lot but plenty of kids do n't get it . 
  nope , i 've seen it !, 
  stannis has the only legitimate claim on the iron throne , his elder brother robert had no true born children , therefore the title passes to him !, 
  stannis is the only one who will do what is necessary to deliver the smallfolk of westeros from tyranny !, 
   i never asked for this crown . 
  gold is cold and heavy on the head , but so long as i am the king , i have a duty ... if i must sacrifice one child to the flames to save a million from the dark ... sacrifice ... is never easy , davos . 
  or it is no true sacrifice . 
  - stannis baratheon, 
  that 's just strange . 
  the traditional system was ... 
  lower 1st 6-7 , upper 1st 7-8 , lower 2nd 8-9 , upper 2nd 9-10 , lower 3rd 10-11 , upper 3rd 11-12 , lower 4th 12-13 , upper 4th 13-14 , lower 5th 14-15 , upper 5th 15-16 ( gcses ) , lower 6th 16-17 , upper 6th 17-18 . 
  this was the basis of the traditional 12 year education system . 
  i think having a middle 5th was something unique to your school or a few schools . 
  the system has changed a lot though , for example in the past kids would start school at different ages , rather than having to start on the first september of year they turn 5 , it could be delayed a year or even started a year early , so being in lower 4th was much more an indication of one 's progress than age . 
  many schools such as my old school have special names for years such as shells and removes which might take the place of upper 3rds or lower 4ths . 
  fair play to them they gave a good honest try , and smiled afterwards too . 
  they did way better than my unfit ass could ever hope to . 
  what a bitch . 
  it could turn our that the merlin group were not remotely at fault . 
  it could be the company that produced the rides , it could 've been human error from one of the safety inspectors .
