  it 's basically the government just trying to manage backlash . 
  no offence mate but it 's not really worth it . 
  the german university system is set up deliberately to avoid educational tourism at the bachelors level . 
  if you 've got strong a-level results my advice would be to look to study in the uk or another country ( maybe the netherlands or somewhere else in europe ) . 
  there 's certainly no point taking a year out of your life to fulfil the byzantine requirements of the german education system when with a-levels you have opportunities all over the world . 
  the reality is that if your heart is set on studying at a german university the easiest thing would be to go back to sixth form college and get a maths and modern language a-level . 
  but you 're looking at one year at least , and great personal expense to yourself in any case . 
  there are fachhochschulen in germany , applied science universities similar to what polytechnics were meant to be in the old days in the uk , and a lots of them have foundation year courses . 
  however , i do n't recommend that course of action because 1 ) the foundation years are usually filled with asian students and you 'll have to spend a whole year in a class with people you might not relate to 2 ) after 5 years you 'll have a ba level qualification considerably less reputably internationally than what you 'd get a normal university in most european countries , 7 years for a masters which is insane . 
  you can get a masters in 4 years in the uk and better employment prospects to boot . 
  the debt does n't even seem that bad when you realise you have to account for the loss of earning and the fact that you wo n't be eligible for a living maintenance grant here so will have to support yourself the whole time . 
  at very least cameron seemed reasonable . 
  like someone you 'd expect to lead the tory party . 
  you can disagree with their politics but at least cameron took a position on things , said his reasons for it , and did n't behave erratically or super reactionary . 
  may is just someone who has risen by chance and does n't have the leadership qualities , also her whole political career has been based around the frumpy moralism you 'd expect from someone of her age and disposition . 
  i think musicians do burn out . 
  it 's strange . 
  i regularly meet people who are really quite talented on an instrument that just do n't practise any more . 
  and america has been oppressing itself on these grounds ever since . 
  a lot of americans are like that though . 
  european stuff often does well on the coasts but foreign accents are a hard sell to the mid-west market , which is crucial if you 're going to maximise box office performance . 
  if you want max profits you have to have something that even dumb and unworldly people will be drawn to . 
  sure , we get sick of seeing what are often inferior american remakes of our programmes , but the reality is that those people willing to consume foreign media have probably already seen the uk version if it 's been wildly successful in the uk , so these remakes are made to tap into an audience that would n't tune in otherwise . 
  hollywood are n't doing this because they underestimate the intelligence of the american public , they do it because the sales and revenues speak for themselves . 
  i think if you 're buying something else they 're generally cool with it . 
  like if your order a beer alongside it . 
  all the bars i know are cool with giving people tap water because they know people drink too much . 
  you just have to make sure to specify tap water ( leitungswasser in german ), 
   also the `` bacon '' there is ham . 
  the bacon there is back bacon , which is nothing like ham . 
  this is [ back bacon ] ( https://www.coombefarmorganic.co.uk/userfiles/product_image/5698e2480c795-back-bacon-cooked.jpg ) . 
  in every way superior to streaky bacon in flavour , texture , quantity , and ease of cooking . 
  this is [ ham ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/6b/schinken.jpg ) a cold meat that is prepared entirely differently . 
  americans do not drive well . 
  do n't know where you got that impression that cars in europe were `` fighting '' but if you mean the overtaking system that 's just how it works here , and it 's demonstrably safer than the system in many american states where everyone just stays in lane . 
  driving differs a lot in europe though . 
  in places like spain they are pretty crazy , whereas in germany and sweden they are orderly af . 
  i prefer driving in the uk though as people tend to be more cooperative and help each other out if someone gets stuck at a junction rather than just getting mad with the driver who has done something dumb . 
  but your hotels are expensive and all your buildings are bigger due to roads and cities developing later with more place . 
  you 're literally just paying the going rate for square feet per $ . 
  americans really exaggerate this shit . 
  you ca n't go to prison for lifting up your hand in a way that unintentionally seemed similar to the nazi salute , people really only get into trouble for this shit when it 's either clearly intentional or they acknowledge that it was their intention to mimic it . 
  streaky bacon is what you have in the us , so if you want that you have to specify . 
  otherwise you just ask for bacon and get back bacon . 
  `` american bacon '' might be understood or might not , depending on the person you 're talking to , but it 's not the usual term . 
  certainly in supermarkets both kinds are available , but honestly i do n't see why anyone messes around with streaky bacon , it just shrivels up and goes crispy and is rather insubstantial . 
  at first my brain just refused to believe and kept telling me that woman was singing the upper part and the man the lower . 
  the back bacon cut is made of a combination of belly pork and loin . 
  [ this picture makes it clear ] ( http://www.englishbreakfastsociety.com/style/images/art/baconguide.jpg ) . 
  no idea where to get it in the us . 
  yeah that 's fine , but crispy streaky bacon is n't very filling or meaty . 
  you can use it for flavour but it wo n't give you the satisfaction of a thick cut wedge of a sandwich loaded with back bacon and ketchup / brown sauce . 
  it also tends to be very thinly cut by comparison , making it even more insubstantial . 
  there 's a reason why bacon sandwiches are so popular in the uk , cos our bacon has more heft . 
  back bacon can be cooked to be crispy too , and you do n't lose all the mass and meat because it does n't shrivel as much . 
  you 'd think given how much the yanks love bacon they 'd be willing to try some more diversity and variety of cuts . 
  [ australian bacon is also good ] ( http://www.abc.net.au/news/image/6563748-3x2-700x467.jpg ) and retains more of that fatty belly pork than the british variety . 
  there are lots of foreign students . 
  i did n't deny that . 
  but german has heavy , and sometimes strangely specific , requirements for study precisely to prevent every tom , dick , and harry in europe from moving there for a free bachelor 's / master 's . 
  tonnes of courses only in german for this reason . 
  plenty with requirements like latin at a level equivalent to das kleine latinum . 
  also the requirements in germany are odd compared to many countries in terms of the breadth they require . 
  for example , to study in germany many students need to acquire qualifications that , in their home countries , would exclude them from studying what they want to study . 
  the students that do go to germany have to hit very specific educational requirements , whereas in many countries simply having good grades from you final school exams in your home country + decent english proficiency is sufficient . 
  for example , if you want to study biology in most countries you 'd be expected to focus primarily on science , whereas in germany a modern language and maths would be a requirement . 
  certainly in the uk having maths , physics and spanish a-levels when wanting to study physics would put you at a disadvantage to someone who 'd studied maths , physics and chemistry . 
  other nations in europe have a 6 subject system more equivalent to germany , but often the requirement ares more focussed on the subject , so they might not hit the language and mathematics requirements . 
  plenty of students studying at oxford or havard would n't be eligible for study in germany due to the requirements . 
  students from poor countries , or countries with what is widely considered to be lower university standards , flock to germany still because they 're willing to work around the system for the advantages it confers and the absence of tuition fees . 
  however , far fewer students from countries with equivalent university standards bother to travel to germany ( especially for ba level study ) , because it 's too much hassle and the requirements do n't match up with those in their own nation . 
  i do n't think this is accidental , but simply a way of regulating to ensure the primary intake was educated in germany . 
  a lot of those other european students you see at the mensa are most likely doing exchange semesters / years . 
  compare this to britain and america ( and to a lesser extent the netherlands ) , where universities actively seek out foreign undergrads to enlarge their intake . 
  when i studied in the uk maybe 1/3 of the course was foreign born , and it was even more extreme on certain courses like maths that do n't require a perfect grasp of the language . 
  germany becomes a much more attractive study destination for people from other western nations at the level of doctorate , and generally you can submit doctoral work in english if you want to , there is no preference given to german at this level . 
  i would say that for a blt streaky bacon works quite well , but that 's because it 's cut with tomato , lettuce and mayo , which adds moisture and bulk , and the bread is often toasted . 
  if you want a pure bacon sandwich back bacon all the way , as it gives it a meatier bulk and is less dry , making it compliment some soft white bread better . 
  then again , soft white bread is another thing america does n't generally do well : / so i can see why you might prefer blt . 
  well to me ham is a totally different product and a totally different flavour . 
  we definitely eat plenty of ham sandwiches here , and we also have honey mustard , but it 's no replacement for back bacon :p i thought having a diverse choice when it comes to your food was the american way . 
  wessexians triggered ... 
  in my experience the us is the more `` public '' culture . 
  it 's like every american has a persona they share with all and sundry , they 'll tell you about their family , their job , their hobbies and interests , but that does n't mean they 'll disclose their inner most secrets . 
  they are encouraged to be like `` hello world !, 
  this is who i am ! '', 
  far more than europeans are imo . 
  i also find americans are way more open to hanging out with new people , and if they find it boring or the person less interesting than they initially thought they 'd be , then they have no qualms making their excuses and leaving to do something else with the people they know better and like more . 
  in my experience on average americans have larger and looser friendship circles , but maybe only a handful of trusted companions who they would actually depend on . 
  however , there are certain things that americans wo n't disclose until you get to know them a fair bit better . 
  for example , they wo n't tell you about their failures , their romantic issues , or familial problems until they trust you much more . 
  in most european cultures this public culture is foreign to them . 
  you can really go through your life without anyone but a few close friends and your family , and many people choose to . 
  it 's a much bigger deal to invite someone to a party or suggest hanging outside of a formal context like a job or association of some kind . 
  this leads to a myriad of faux pas in places like the workplace , where americans are liable to feel that the people are closed off and uninterested in friendship , whereas europeans often misread american friendliness and then feel disappointed when they realise that an americans invitation to hang out was n't necessarily an invitation to that persons inner circle of trust , which is where the assumptions that americans are `` fake '' comes from . 
  honestly , it 's different wherever you go . 
  for example , germans can seem painfully earnest at times . 
  whereas brits tend to take liberties with the people they like as a way of confirming their bond of friendship and familiarity . 
  each system has its quirks and advantages and disadvantages . 
  at very least the us way of socialising is very practical for getting to know new people , but can sometimes lead to lots of fleeting interactions with people , whereas in europe the problem is reversed .
