  most cultures were adverse to eating raw pork due to there being many parasites that live in both humans and pigs ( similar physiology ) . 
  these days those parasites have been almost entirely eliminated from pig stock in developed countries . 
  as someone else said , the us only sees 2 cases from undercooked commercial pork consumption a year in a population of 320 million . 
  i 'll also point out that the pigs used to produce mett are held to much higher standards than pigs in the us for general commercial consumption , and the regulations around its production and sale are very high , higher than what ordinary pork is subject to . 
  they will be regularly tested for parasites and given deworming medication as a preventative measure . 
  the meat is also kept very cold as an extra measure to kill any parasites . 
  you 're no more likely to get worms from mett in germany as you are likely to get it from a slightly undercooked pork chop in any other western country . 
  german work culture is great if a little formal imo . 
  there 's a much better mentality of trading time and energy for money in a structured way rather than the anglo attitude of expecting everyone to sacrifice their lives to their jobs and for work to take priority over other things . 
  that 's why germany is such a productive economy , because people go to work , work hard safe in the knowledge that the rest of their time is their own and that they 're not going to be bullied into overtime , be made to do busy work when there 's little to do , or have to compete for brownie points by acting sycophantically towards their employer . 
  that 's fucking retarded nonsense . 
  the reason america is mentioned is because 1 ) many people are american here 2 ) americans tend to be the most deluded about their nation . 
  ask an italian what italy is like he 'll probably tell you `` meh , it 's alright '' unless he 's a flag waving nationalist , whereas american seem to naively believe shit like `` america is held as the standard for the greatest country on earth '' . 
  no it 's fucking not . 
  most europeans would have to be paid fucking loads of money to ever live there , if anything it 's seen as backwards , uncultured , and most of it is a backwater . 
  the reason people shit on you is because you 're the only western nation that has so many people who are deluded enough to think they 're the greatest nation on earth . 
  we do not expect america to have shit figured out . 
  in fact , history from ww2 until now has been a process of watching america not have it figured and trying to do our best to stop them fucking the world up to bad . 
  what has to do with america is that the person criticising japan is probably american . 
  america does n't get criticised more , there are just so many americans with thin skins when it comes to their nation , and so many americans who live in american bubble where america is given an easy time when it comes to criticism , that it seems that way to some americans who should know better . 
  surprise surprise , when you go around claiming to be the greatest nation on earth and elect a president who wants to `` make america great again '' then you tend to attract criticism ( when was it great again ? 
  in the 50s when it was profiteering from the power vacuum left by ww2 and occupying asia ? 
  in the 60s when politicians openly opposed civil rights ? 
  in the 70s when nixon was impeached ? 
  in the 80s when reagan was starting a drugs war the world is still reeling from and stripping back workers rights ? 
  in the 90s when g.bush senior was starting the gulf war and throwing the middle east into turmoil ? 
  in the 00s after 9/11 with g.bush junior war in the middle east again ? 
  seriously when the fuck was america great ? 
   yeah , that 's why they left by the millions . 
  talk about delusion . 
  lol , are you fucking 12 ? 
  you 're counting everyone who ever left europe in history as evidence that europeans today would prefer to live in the us . 
  this is why people laugh at much of the american population , because they 're convinced by argument that a child would make . 
  i mean are you seriously trying to claim because european emigrated to settle other continents they must all be clamouring to go to the us ... are you 12 ... 
  i mean really ? 
   tell me , how does such a backwards country dominate the world culturally and technologically ? 
  it does n't , although it 's fair to acknowledge it probably contributes the most of any singular western nation , but that 's not that hard when you 've got four times as many people as the next biggest western nation , and even more so when you 've put them in a society that benefits the rich at the expense of the most impoverished . 
  it 's easy to attract talent when you 're allowing 10 people to go without to keep that one person 's salary higher than what they 'd be offered abroad . 
  12 years old confirmed . 
  someone dares to point out how ridiculous american patriotism is and all you can is `` jelly '' . 
  what the fuck is there to be jealous of ? 
  no healthcare , no job security , high crime rates , ugly building , self absorbed culture , food full of pesticides , corn syrup , supermarkets clogged with mobility scooters , and racial tension ? 
  enjoy going bankrupt from medical bills and dodging the mobility scooters in the supermarket . 
  `` one flaw '' ... except you know ... everything else . 
  e.g crime rate , mass shootings , cops shooting people and getting nothing but paid leave , laws allowing the police to steal your money without a court case , rape in prisons , meth heads , corn syrup in everything you eat , lack of public transport , a two party party state , a terrible electoral system that does n't represent the people , media censuring , the government spying on its people , slipping educational standards with education controlled by regional authorities ... need i go on ? 
  fun fact , all the sounds in ljubljana technically exist in english . 
  for example , the `` lj '' sound is traditionally used by british people in the words `` aluminium '' and `` lute '' . 
  learn some skills you entitled prick . 
  you know that britons living abroad are n't all pensioners , many of us saw job opportunities abroad the the uk was simply incapable of providing us . 
  we built lives abroad on the assumption we 'd always the right to stay , and now that has been thrown into jeopardy . 
  we are n't all high earners with skills that will entitle us to visas either , most of us are only moderately skilled ordinary people who found markets open in other countries that were n't open back home . 
  what 's terrifying is that brexit could fuck up many of our lives . 
  if we got the hard brexit that the farages of the world pull themselves off to , many of us could end up in financial difficulty , being hit by huge tax and administration costs due to our change of status . 
  inevitably many would just have to return home . 
   retired people in other countries cant get free healthcare from the uk ? 
  why cant they get it from the country they retired to ? 
  pure ignorance , you clearly know nothing about how health insurance works in the rest of the world ( like so many britons , who then feel comfortable endangering it by voting for economic turmoil and electing tory governments ) . 
  most older people wo n't be eligible for state insurance in the eu because their are rules about how young you have to be to jump onto public insurances . 
  eu citizenship entitles you to access to whatever health insurance system nationals of that country have available to them . 
  non-eu citizens often are n't even eligible for public insurances in eu countries until they achieve permanent residence , and have to stick with private , which is fine if you 're young and have a good insurance history ( which fyi is something that most britons lack , as eu health insurers only accept the nhs as `` prior insurance '' because of eu agreements , otherwise they 'd be perfectly within their rights to treat all britons as if they 'd been living without any access to healthcare their whole lives ) . 
  pensioners especially could end up getting slammed with costs of hundreds of euros a month in health insurance and administration if we have a hard brexit , which would been thousands of codgers being forced back to the uk and straight onto housing benefit , taking up beds at the nhs , and putting even more strain on a system that has been stretched beyond belief by years of tory cuts , economic problems , and austerity . 
  this comment has been censured by the british government in attempt to protect britons from non-conventional sexual acts under the terms outlined in the digital economics act 2010 . 
  this is a cursory notification that you post will no longer appear in all those regions falling understand the authority of the british government both within the united kingdom and its dependencies and overseas territories . 
  britain prevails and god save the queen !, 
  what the fuck is your point ? 
  that because it 's hard for indians ( with a population of over a billion and a gdp per capita of barely # 1000 ) to move to the west it should by necessity be hard for europeans within a political union to move within it ? 
   unless you are a citizen of a country , you have no real right to be there . 
  according to whom ? 
  yeah , thought so . 
  not to mention that many countries do n't allow dual citizenship meaning that emigrating become a lifetime commitment . 
  are you saying that people should only be able to live and work in other countries if they make a lifetime commitment to forego their past nationality ? 
  because that sound like a load of nationalistic bollocks to me . 
   if you ca n't be bothered to become a citizen , you should be prepared to leave . 
  again according to whom ? 
  just because it was this way in the past does not mean it 's a good thing at all . 
  just more nationalism . 
  the move away from strongly held national allegiances to becoming citizens of the world was not remotely a bad thing in the slightest . 
   anyway , eu citizenship is a quasi-fake sort of thing . 
  yeah , no ... fucking nonsense . 
  eu citizenship is eu citizenship , it is what it is defined as . 
  it 's not `` fake '' . 
  that 's just some spurious attempt to denigrate it . 
  even if brexit was n't the event , something else would have happened that would have made the whole citizenship distinction apparent . 
  the eu guarantees those rights . 
   goals posts are changing , and citizenship is the only thing that is equivalent to citizenship . 
  i 'll put that with `` brexit means brexit '' with the list of meaningless statements people have made about these topics . 
  not remotely , it was the completely logical thing to do at the time , the uk is a founding member of the eu and everyone knows that only a complete idiot of a nation would actually leave , excuse us for underestimating the stupidity of our own nation , the eu was built to last forever and up until a last few years the notion that anyone would leave was laughable . 
  it still is laughable , but sadly we allowed joke politicians to gain influence and we 're fully in the shit . 
  leaving the eu is a joke of an idea , but sadly these days the uk is a joke of a nation . 
  honestly , that is an incredibly stupid thing to say . 
  what they will say is : `` unless you show us proof that you 've renounced your citizenship then you ca n't have a spanish passport . '', 
  the fact that it 's going to tank the british economy and knock britain down a few pegs when it comes to our national standing however is a solid reason to cancel a democratic vote . 
  you realise this is just your perception though right ? 
  if you live in europe you 'll be surprised how european we actually are . 
  the only reason britons do n't see it is because the majority ca n't speak the language , so never get past the surface differences . 
  when you get to know a country like germany or denmark very well for example you 'll see that most of that perceived difference is bollocks and that in many ways britain has more in common with these nations than the us or australia . 
  and i was just giving you something to consider regarding that opinion . 
  no need to be sarcastic . 
  3 and 20, 
  maybe honestly i ca n't remember :(,
