  the precise positioning of some vowels is n't exactly that important . 
  just like schwa in english we teach that it 's always in the same position , when in fact in native speakers it 's [ \u0259 , \u0268 , \u0275 \u0289 ] depending on which vowel it 's replacing . 
  french is still way more phonetic that english and largely consistent . 
  that 's just the lack of elision and is entirely predictable on the basis of orthography, 
  it 's not really a separate point , it shows that it 's not just the money that means americans sportsmen do n't which to rugby , it 's more that they lack the skill set for rugby because american football skills are n't useful there . 
  120kg , the maximum weight limit for using ladders in my workplace !, 
  naturally they 'd need scales that go higher than that !, 
  it 's just that one verse where his mom is making him pack his bags that was removed , also the bit on the plane . 
  it does n't really bad anything and makes it kind long imo, 
  i assumed he bought on silk road or something like that , when stuff can be bought with a few clicks it is a bit like buying chocolate . 
  where did i claim i knew ? 
  unsurprisingly i have no interest in buying firearms , it 's still a lot easier than finding and dealing with real life illegal arms dealers i imagine . 
  this is hilarious . 
  that guy just got totally confused at the top . 
  how is this account not new ? 
  man do n't be dumb . 
  what 's there to stop anyone from shooting any mob boss ? 
  these hierarchies do n't come out of nowhere , the people at the top are both clever and ruthless . 
  obviously she 's the one with the contacts , she 's the one with the most information , she 's the one making things happen . 
  mob bosses are bosses because they 're the ones with the plan to put the whole thing together , other people are happy to go along with it because they get their cut and do n't have to worry about the other jobs . 
  also from the sounds of things her 2nd in command is a boyfriend who is a hitman enforcer . 
  from what i understand the people who committed the assault were not the ones who were brutalised by the police . 
  if you 're a registered gun owner , and you refuse to let in the inspectors to see your safe then i 'd imagine they 'd have the warrant in about 10 minutes . 
  it looks like an asian man holding a cello managing to remain incredibly still for over 2 and a half hours ? 
  a slut is a woman who fucks around a lot , a slag is like an ugly stupid contemptible girl who also fucks around , but only by being desperate and easy , not by having any remotely positive quality . 
  slag has a stronger implication of worthlessness . 
  for example , i 'd expect if i saw a video called `` hot sluts '' i 'd probably see some young blonde in her 20s getting nailed in a jacuzzi , however if i saw a video called `` dirty slags '' i 'd expect to see some tattooed mid 30s single mother getting double teamed in a car park . 
  that hot 22 years old who your friend 's husband ran off with leaving her with the kids is a `` slut '' , but that fat unemployed alcoholic middle aged single mum down the pub who is rumoured to have done things with a wine bottle is a slag . 
  edit : lmao slaggy nurse, 
  you 're reading into this all wrong . 
  think of it like `` your watch is nice , but a rolex is a serious watch ! '', 
  it 's just being enthusiastic about the brand , it 's certainly not implying that all other watches are n't real worthwhile watches , it 's just saying rolex is best . 
  very badly explained in that video , that video would have you think that he has the same impediment as ross , glossing over what 's actually happening . 
  ross has a real speech impediment that is only suffered by a small number of people , he has what is often called a lisp although technically is n't one . 
  the video suggests that most people in the uk have this same impediment because they use a sound called the labiodental approximant to produce the letter - r . the idea being is that this is a replacement sound for the real letter - r ( the alveolar trill/tap ) used because of the mass speech impediment making us ( like ross ) , unable to produce this sound . 
  however this is untrue , the sound that the video maker and the majority of people use is called the alveolar approximant . 
  ross suffers from a different impediment and uses a different sound , he is unable to produce the alveolar approximant , not the alveolar trill/tap ( although he may not be able to produce the trill/tap either , this is irrelevant ) . 
  the truth is that people in the uk use the alveolar approximant for dialectal reasons , it is simply now the normal way to produce the letter - r in the majority of dialects . 
  the alveolar tap/trill has n't been standard in most dialects in england since the early 20th century . 
  it has no direct connection with speech impediments and most of the people who use it could probably be taught to use the alveolar trill/tap if for some reason they wanted to . 
  speech impediments might have some connection to why the alveolar approximant became widespread in british english dialects but that 's just speculation . 
  ultimately jonathan ross has to use a sound that is quite unusual for most british dialects ( labio-dental approximant ) and that 's why he sounds a bit funny . 
  this sound is present in some london accents but not quite as prominently as in ross 's speech . 
  this is why ross sounds funny to us , and tom scott does n't , this is something the video glosses over to make it seem like we all use the labiodental approximant which is just wrong . 
  he has a real impediment that 's nothing to do with region . 
  that video is actually really misleading and wrong . 
  public school in the uk is public as in `` any member of the general public can come our school as long as they have lots of money to pay for tuition fees equivalent to an average yearly salary and their child can pass exams that shows they 're already a strong student in some way who will probably make us look good '' . 
  private school used to mean something like a catholic jesuit school , `` you can only come here if you 're a catholic jesuit and we like you '' kind of thing . 
  however nowadays private school is a term used by minor `` public schools '' , that is to say schools you pay to attend . 
  this is because public school is typically referring to old traditional institutions that have a rather sternly conservative mentality . 
  newer academies who want to allure more socialist minded bohemian parents always call themselves private schools . 
  states schools are schools that are public in the sense of `` everyone can go to them and it 's free '', 
  wow ... baraka , how do you get that from berocca ... 
  ... someone sounds grumpy, 
  imagine the person whose job it was to write hundreds of fake letters and address them all to random german addresses, 
  sadly mosh pits at dubstep are common now , bro step really took it out of the club / rave category and put it into the festival / concert category and that brought with it a lot of kids who think moshing is a good idea . 
  meh it 's a bit different , the scene dubstep emerged in had always strongly defined itself against traditional rock music . 
  it was about dancing and having a good time , non of this crazy rocker stuff . 
  moshing at edm really just shows how much it 's moved away from that scene into the public domain of drunken teens at their first festival . 
  this is not what you 'd expect see at a purely edm based event typically , but dubstep is now more mainstream than say house and techno . 
  that said i can also see why someone who liked country might be annoyed at having twerking in country , since country has typically been about more traditional stuff , and again that is just indicative of how modern country music / pop has moved away from the old traditional stuff . 
  british not aussie . 
  three ten year olds in a trenchcoat, 
  voted off the island would n't be understood in the uk , i do n't really know what it 's referencing , but i guess it 's one of those silly reality programmes . 
  ah ok , that programme was a bit late to the uk crap reality tv market , therefore it was n't very popular and not really a prime time programme `` x was evicted from the bb house '' might be understood the same , since big brother was the first really successful reality programme in the uk . 
  where did i say it 's not an idiom ? 
  sometimes idioms are taken from another dialect despite the thing they 're derived from not being as culturally relevant in the culture of the speaker of a dialect . 
  for example british people might `` touch base '' with someone else despite the origin of the saying being baseball , likewise americans might say `` it 's not my cup of tea '' , despite that fact that they do n't drink tea personally and it 's not a big part of their lives . 
  nonetheless , this is not one of those cases , it 's not an idiom that is transferred over . 
  not spooky , music was n't my cup of tea , bit weird . 
  yes ? 
  you felt and did what 's right ... you must be from a superior nation . 
  you should take your pills today, 
  it 's a lot better than it used to be . 
  the number of frequency channels that a cochlear implant provides now is vastly greater than it used to be . 
  the early cochlear implants were a pale comparison to real hearing , only really turning deaf people into partially deaf people . 
  enough to be able to know if someone is speaking to you when your head is turned but not enough to know what the person was saying without combining it with lip reading . 
  now the implants have like x10 more channels and do all kinds of crazy things , thing allows users to be able to hear almost as well as someone with healthy ears , people are able to play melodious music , distinguish similar sounds and do n't have to rely on lip reading to be able to readily understand what is being said . 
  when deaf children get cochlear there is often a reduction in both signing fluency and lip reading ability because the implants take over . 
  what 's amazing is that the brain has to basically learn to read an entirely new set of inputs , and it has the ability to do that . 
  the technology is always improving as we figure out the format of input that the brain is best at interpreting and up the complexity of the input allowing more aspects of audio sensory information to be represented to the brain . 
  when humans stopped using horses for industry it caused one of the greatest `` genocides '' ever , the population of horses dropped in a fraction of what it once was , sent to glue factories or butchered for meat . 
  if everyone stopped eating meat i imagine we see a similar effect in the world 's cow , pig , sheep and chicken populations . 
  therefore this is an incitement to genocide . 
  tl ; dr vegans are literally hitler, 
  it 's still wrong to generalise . 
  saying the uk `` lucked out '' getting indians is just plain stupid . 
  i mean you seem to have some funny ideas , you do realise that there like hundreds of millions of muslims in india ? 
  it also mean the uk got pakistan , an almost entirely muslim country . 
  indians may seem better an some other countries , but they 're coming from a country with strong historical ties to europe , a country where english is the lingua franca and is spoken by a huge number of people and virtually all educated ones . 
  furthermore the uk also had large amount of immigration from china ( mostly cantonese speaking ) , the west indies and east africa . 
  if the uk has had some partial immigration success it 's probably because virtually all people who are n't white british came to england by choice in search of economic opportunity in the post war period . 
  and i 'm saying that generalisation is wrong , indian immigrants are no different from any immigrants , it 's just other coincidental things that support your idea that indians are somehow better . 
  it 's nothing like saying all black people are same . 
  what you 're saying is inherently racist , because it 's suggesting indians have a superior immigrant culture . 
  in fact all immigrants ( and people generally ) are the same ( on average ) , it is only circumstance that makes some immigrant populations more successful than others . 
  no they are essentially the same , it 's the circumstances they 're in that creates that difference . 
  if indians were put into those circumstances they 'd commit just as much crime . 
   stop saying the word circumstances , it does n't mean anything . 
  why do n't you look up the word in the dictionary ?
