  that 's not how any of this works . 
   especially considering it damaged britain 's standing with the rest of europe and lit a slow fuse under the entire concept of dependent colonies . 
  what are you even talking about ? 
  the loss of britain 's 1st empire led to the napoleonic wars and the foundation of britains 2nd empire ( the one that covered 1/4 of the planet ) and 100 years of british global dominance . 
  do you even see how you glamorise the war of independence ? 
  historically the loss of the 13 colonies was n't the `` slow fuse '' but the spark that pushed britain eastwards and established their entire colonial legacy . 
  american patriots really do revise history to try to put yourself at the centre of it , which a bit pathetic really . 
  becoming class leader was just a simple matter of playing your class well and being a trusted member of the guild . 
  it did n't really matter if they used a guide , their job was to link that guide to other members of the class and make sure they were following it , checking that nobody in their class was turning up to raids with green gems or cheap enchants . 
  that was literally it . 
  depends . 
  usually the planning was just a matter of checking forums to see what the general consensus was on how best to kill the boss . 
  however , some bosses took weeks to kill with hundreds of failed attempts because it took that long for 25 people to learn to execute the strategy effectively . 
  no it was wow , but the old wow back when it was hardcore and successful guilds had an almost military vibe to them . 
  serves you right for trying to speak yankee . 
  the r is silent for most brits , australians and people from the east coast of the us . 
  american r *, 
  this is why i tell my students they 're often better off learning english from english people . 
  the rhotic - r is a nightmare for anyone who did n't grow up with it . 
  like manchester then ? 
   as you stated before `` britain did not surrender . '', 
  yet later in your post you on and admit `` at best you could claim britain surrendered its claim to the u.s. colonies '' . 
  is this not saying your previous statement you made prior is now completely uncredible ? 
  no , it 's not . 
  when you say `` x surrendered '' you mean they , themselves , surrendered , when you say , `` x surrendered y '' that means they gave that thing up . 
  when a nation surrenders they say `` we surrender to your might , we are at your mercy , do with us as you please '' . 
  this is what happened after ww2 and why germany was occupied by the allies for years afterwards . 
  britain did n't surrender to the us , it simply surrendered their claim to the 13 colonies . 
  the guy was responding to said `` stopping = losing = surrendered = defeated '' , when all these words have different meanings . 
  napoleon surrendered , the nazi surrendered , the japanese surrendered . 
  did king george surrender to george washington ? 
  thus britain did n't `` surrender '' , that 's simply not what the word surrender means . 
  if you ca n't see the difference in meaning you 'd make a terrible lawyer . 
  lawyered . 
  ultimately it 's just crazy how patriots try to make out the war of independence was this huge military conquest , when really it was a skirmish whereby britain lost some of its already vast holdings . 
   emerged as an affectation, 
  god i wish people would stop spreading this myth . 
  the reason people dropped the - r in much of the south of england is because in many dialects it was an alveolar tap or trill , more like a spanish - r but not as heavy . 
  a legacy of england 's german / scandinavian settlements . 
  they still have this sound in scottish accents . 
  this is something that just naturally got dropped in casual speech as it came less and less pronounced until it disappeared . 
  the - r that you hear in american and irish accents was much more common in the west and north of england , in rural communities that perhaps did n't have the same social status as the south east . 
  since most the pilgrims came from the poorer parts of the uk and ireland it became the dominant sound in the settlers speech . 
  sure , the reason it caught on and spread around may be because people affected it in order to sound more aristocratic , however , nobody said `` say , i know let 's stop saying this sound in order to sound fancier !, 
  '' , that 's not how language works . 
  it 's getting the chicken before the egg , so to speak , people did n't start speaking that way because it sounded fancy , people who were considered fancy started speaking that way for other reasons , and people started imitating it because fancy people spoke that way . 
  edit : i 'll also add that this video does n't really do what it claims to . 
  the reason spacey 's accent sounds `` off '' to some people is because he 's trying to use an older version of the particular southern dialect he 's imitating that some people might not be familiar with . 
  the reason he is using this old fashioned southern dialect is to reinforce the aristocratic and old money background of the character . 
  my point was mostly because the fact that `` x surrendered '' and `` x surrendered y '' have different meanings . 
  when you say `` x surrendered '' it 's like saying `` x surrendered themselves '' . 
  it 's simply not accurate to say `` britain surrendered '' . 
  and also the fact that above poster was making a lot of false equivalences between surrender , defeat , loss , stopping and so forth . 
   in the context of losing their stakes in the new world . 
  ever heard of canada or the caribbean ? 
  i have no problem with pride , but i think rewriting history is always a bad thing . 
  it 's fair to say the us won it 's independence , and it 's great to have pride in your nations history , however , it 's bad if people start try to change the historical facts . 
  it will increasingly become the case that we 'll need to nationalise these commodities . 
  when only 20 % of the population is needed to run the society , the 20 % will need to provide for the 80 % lest the 80 % kill the 20 % . 
  in many ways we can already see it happening , with social welfare and support , and the vast tax breaks given to corporations for employing people doing things that could easily be replaced by machines . 
  i do this with sugar sachets and coffee creamer , since i only need them for tea and coffee . 
  was alright , i think comedians speak about accents and class a little too much though . 
  type `` x accent comedy '' into youtube for the proof . 
  probably a safe ( ish ) bet when you 're in a foreign country . 
  it 's our theatrical tradition lovey !, 
  seriously , a strong theatre scene provides a good fall back for actors to earn decent regular money and encourages serious actors who do n't shy away from heavyweight roles . 
  you can also become a very respected performer with only theatre in the uk , saying `` i want to be an actor '' is a more realistic career path in britain than waiting tables in la waiting to catch a break . 
  in the us , outside of the main cultural hubs like new york , the theatre scene is pretty bad sadly . 
  very little chance of kids growing up in most of the us to be able get serious theatre work without travelling thousands of miles . 
  look at any of the british hollywood a-listers and almost all of them started in theatre . 
  i do n't think people in other countries realise what pricks pikeys are . 
  they literally live to cause trouble . 
  they claim to be tough and unafraid of anyone but you saw how he did n't hesitate to sucker punch that guy while he was distracted . 
  they 're so two faced , claiming oppression on one side and then refusing to follow societies rules on the other , teaching their kids their warped morality of us versus them . 
  what do you do with people who simply wo n't obey the law and make no attempt to fit in the rest of us . 
  in the old days they 'd round up a small militia and send them on to the next place , nowadays they just have to put up with them ruining their neighbourhoods until they decide to go somewhere else . 
  this is such a typical `` persecuted american right winger '' response . 
  travellers are n't even a race , maybe the roma get racism because they 're ethnically different from the people in the countries where they live , but travellers are just irish people and british people of irish descent who are basically just criminals . 
  british people on the whole like irish people ( far more irish are anti-british than the other way round ) , however , we do n't like travellers because they ruin neighbourhoods , start fights , do n't pay tax , and do n't send their kids to school . 
  anyone who had actually had a run in with the travelling community would know why they 're disliked . 
  it 's because they 're white trash who do n't respect anyone . 
  how would you feel if a bunch of people just rocked up in your small peaceful village and started causing trouble , shop lifting in your local businesses , trying to scam the elderly people ? 
  there 's nothing wrong with living in a caravan and there 's nothing wrong with being irish , but nobody likes travellers . 
  there was no real agreement imo . 
  the gypsies will sit down again just to prove their point that he was n't able to make them leave . 
  actually , i was watching one of those gypsy wedding programmes and it was funny because about a week before the wedding the venue of the reception changed at least five times because they kept getting wind of the fact they were gypos and backing out of the arrangement . 
  you do n't know much about travellers do you ? 
  all the travellers i saw around my area would wear designer clothes up to the eyeballs whenever they went out . 
  smart shirts , trousers , shoes and stone island jackets was the classic , but you could tell they were travellers from the jewellery and the accents . 
  no i do n't . 
  left wing americans and europeans usually hold up europe as an example of progressive attitudes towards race and social integration , ring wing americans usually retort with `` yeah but gypsies ! '', 
  as if that proved all europeans were hypocrites for there being a generally negative consensus in europe about travelling cultures . 
  the truth is very few people dislike travelling communities because of what they are , they dislike them because of how they behave . 
  well , in the uk they 're all just colloquially called gypsies , travellers are the irish ones and roma are the other ones . 
  i know there 's a difference between romani and travellers , but they 're colloquially both known as gypsies in the uk . 
  gypsies being anyone who lives a nomadic lifestyle . 
  i know the romani and people of romani descent get discriminated against in some parts of europe for not being the same ethnicity , but when most europeans say `` i hate gypsies '' they do n't mean `` i hate people of the romani ethnicity '' they mean `` i hate people the travelling communities in my vicinity because of how they behave '' . 
  claiming the word gypsy solely for the romani ethnicity is just a confusion of that fact . 
  yes , if we allow that then that is what will happen . 
  the 1 % is already doing it to us .
