   i genuinely do n't understand , i 'm not just trying to be contrary . 
  to me it seems like an automobile manufacturer learning how to affix horseshoes to horses , because that was what started it all , even though we 're not really in the horse and buggy days any more . 
  and before you say it , i know that may favourite authors may have loved shakespeare, 
  the problem with your analogy is that you assume the goal is to build a modern car . 
  if you want to write a hollywood blockbuster then it 's probably a more efficient method to study other hollywood blockbusters of recent years and try to synthesise something that will allow you to write a hollywood blockbuster . 
  thing to remember though is that hollywood blockbusters are forgotten in 5-10 years unless they 're exceptional . 
  good story writing requires an understanding of the human condition , the complex interaction between the universal elements of human behaviour and the cultural facticity humans find themselves thrown into through the place and time of their birth . 
  that is to say , you need to understand why genre defining pieces of literature or film were genre defining , and the answer is because they did n't imitate what went before them . 
  if you want to write something great , and original you need to understand how and why these great writers defined culture by getting closer to what they knew about how humanity functions that enabled them to write such culture redefining literature . 
  your analogy would be better put like this : if you want to build a decent modern car then you only need copy other modern cars on the market , ensuring you include the same features and design elements . 
  however , if you want to reinvent the car you do n't just need to understand what modern cars are like , you need to understand the fundamental conditions that allowed cars to exist in the first place . 
  that 's to say , you need an understanding of car engineering that broadly understands the step along the way during the history of car engineering and design that led to the modern car . 
  shakespeare is like going to engineering school where you learn the principles upon which the possibility of modern cars were built , and then you slowly learn more and more about how we arrived at what we had now . 
  the analogy falls short though because literature and film are not like car engineering . 
  better cars are adaptations on older good ( for the era ) cars , whereas literature has a vastly wider range . 
  the import of this is that it 's actually a lot easier to reinvent an artistic medium than it is to reinvent a car . 
  so really , an understanding of shakespeare will benefit a writer more than an understanding of karl benz 's first car would a modern car engineer/designer . 
  an appreciation for historical literature wo n't just help you understand different cultures or the cultures of the past , it will reveal to you more about human being think and behave , hopefully allowing to great a work of your own that is n't derivative but of real artistic merit . 
  edit : i will say everyone has a different methodology and that 's also fine . 
  you get geniuses that accredit their ability to write something ground breaking to barely having read a novel in their life , you get people that ignore classical literature and only focus on modern , there 's not method to this . 
  but i think it 's fair to say that an understanding of historically great authors rarely hurts . 
  to answer you question i would say there is no reason to prioritise shakespeare over virgil or homer . 
  however , shakespeare is definitely only of the immortals of literature that is more readily accessible to english speakers ( because he wrote in english ) than homer . 
  the further back in time and the further from your native culture you go the more work required to gain an deep appreciation of the writing . 
  do you want to learn latin and read dozens of books on greek culture ? 
  because arguable that 's what you 'd need to do to deeply understand it . 
  i think i should stress that in artistic mediums , whatever works for you is a good mentality . 
  i do n't think it would be right to require anyone to read shakespeare but it 's worth giving it a proper try . 
  personally i love classical literature , because i love asking myself `` where were the minds of these long dead people who were venerated by their contemporaries so greatly '' , i feel like you can get closer to their state of mind which is so alien to feel almost trippy at times , does n't mean it 's for everyone . 
  lichen has at least 4 pronunciations , i swear . 
  i suppose moving when a body is moving towards you quickly is n't part of their culture either . 
  enjoy your oppression then . 
   people that do 35mph in a 30mph zone, 
  everyone then ? 
  it 's amazing how that extremely safety and security conscious generation lose all their quibbles and switch to talking about rights and freedoms when you suggest refresher tests for the elderly . 
  i 'm glad you 've admitted that your nation is collectively too stupid to use roundabouts, 
  no , you 're stupid . 
  also they 're called roundabouts . 
  you 've failed to account for the fact that this is the uk and they drive on the left . 
  you give way to your right . 
  yes they are , statistically fewer people die . 
  but be a typical idiot and use this one incident as proof of what you already want to believe . 
  this guy literally had a heart attack as he approached the roundabout . 
  does n't matter how safe a junction is when that happens . 
  or your country could learn to drive ... 
  you 're an idiot . 
  roundabouts are safer statistically and also quicker . 
  this guy had a fucking heart attack while driving , the type of junction wo n't make a difference . 
   as a car crash investigator, 
  as a dumbass you do n't know wtf you 're talking about . 
  guy had a heart attack just before entering the junction . 
   for changing tenses once in a literary criticism paper . 
  what on earth do you mean ? 
  did n't she realise english has like 16 tenses for a reason ? 
  why on earth would you lose a bunch of marks for using more than one ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  good writing ! = 1 tense . 
   in the bib, 
  in the library ? 
   she did n't give a shit about spelling , since spelling has no permanent rules in english , while grammar never has any exceptions . 
  if she taught you this she was fucking retarded . 
  grammar has a million and one exceptions , it 's also constantly changing over time . 
  spelling has a prescribed * `` correct '' spelling depending on which country you 're in , that never changes until the next edition of the dictionary comes out . 
  prescribed * , big deal i accidentallied a letter . 
  i 'm not the one teaching university students that `` grammar never changes '' and dropping their marks for not conforming to my arbitrary sense of what 's `` correct '' . 
  not my teacher but yeah , op 's teacher was a dick . 
  ah ok , in lots of languages `` bib '' is short for bibliothek / bibliotheque . 
  yeah but professional singers have n't been training themselves to sing without audio feedback from their ears for years . 
  so your point is moot . 
  statistically safer than junctions and also allow better traffic flow . 
  in the case of the us the problem is , so to speak , between the steering wheel and the driver 's seat . 
  [ ca n't say that without a link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hshynvembb4 ), 
   thousands of irregular verb, 
  lol there 's about 75 in regular use or something , a few more if you include ones nobody uses anymore . 
  english has over double that in frequent use . 
   everything is either male , female or neutral which changes everything about how the word behaves, 
  not really everything about how a word behaves . 
  it still falls in the same part of the sentence . 
  they were even kind enough to make both the plural and the feminine , and the masculine and neuter all double up half the time . 
  seems people really like to talk up the difficulty of german , it 's nowhere near as hard to learn for english speakers as russian or asians languages . 
  also while romance languages tend to only have two genders , they 're way more random than german nouns . 
  german is really nice because it barely uses gerund phrases . 
  reflexive verbs are somewhat predictable ( tend to take adjectives ) . 
  spelling is so easy you can learn to spell correctly in about a week . 
  the hardest thing for english speakers imo is getting used to how germans speak to each other and express many thoughts differently from how they 're expressed in english . 
  german does n't even have 300 . 
  also a lot of them are no longer in use , and many are not considered `` everyday '' words anymore . 
  from an irregular verb point of view german has fewer frequently used one than english . 
  the naughtiest thing our sex hating leader ever did was run through fields of wheat . 
  there is some structure to german , - er m , - ei f , - um n , etc. 
  you just have to learn the exceptions . 
  most romance languages are seemingly random . 
  the french and english words are hardly a problem . 
  lots of them are pronounced as if they were german anyway . 
  in your example you know `` sonne '' is f because it 's a singular ending in an - e for example ( there are exceptions like `` der affe '' but that 's because it 's a creature capable of being gendered ) . 
  yes but that 's only really true within the same sentence . 
  if i want to say :, 
   shakespeare wrote othello in 1603 . 
  he presents us with a number of challenging themes . 
  there is absolutely nothing wrong with that .
