  these civil law courts in common law countries are actually much more similar to the courts of countries with a civil law system and have their routes in that same tradition , no juries , judge decides the outcome , judge is more active in matters of fact , but they are ultimately a different beast . 
  civil law courts in common law countries do practise precedent for example , while countries with purely codified law do not . 
  so what judge judy does is in a sense `` civil law '' , law that deals with non-criminal matters , which itself has similarities to the law practised of civil law countries , so i can see why you think what you do . 
  it is not `` civil law '' in the sense that france operates civil law though , it is simply non-criminal law . 
  however , here 's the big thing , what judge judy does is n't really `` law '' at all . 
  judge judy used to be a judge in the american legal system but she has n't been one since she started going on television in the early 90s . 
  judge judy does something called arbitration . 
  arbitration is a practice that is allowed under us law . 
  what it means is that should two people have a civil dispute , for example , one party thinks the other owes them damages for something , provided both parties consent to it , they can have their dispute resolved by an independent 3rd party who is n't part of the us legal system . 
  in some parts of the us these arbitrated decisions are legally binding once you 've signed your consent to them , in others they 're not . 
  arbitration is useful because sometimes two parties , say big companies , want a technical issue resolved quickly and privately and do n't want the cost of taking it through court . 
  they will therefore find an arbitrator they can both agree with and have it dealt with that way . 
  this is how judge judy does her thing , what you 're watching is n't a court it 's an arbitration dressed up to look a bit court-like . 
  the people on the programme have signed a consent form agreeing to participate in the arbitration process . 
  judge judy was a real judge for almost 20 years in new york so she is entitled to call herself judge . 
  the worst part of that programme though is that the television programme offers to pay any costs incurred by the arbitration for the losing party in return for their consent to participate in the arbitration and their consent for it to be televised . 
  that 's ultimately the only reason anyone goes on it , because even if judge judy slams you with $ 2000 in damages you do n't pay any of that money from your own pocket , that 's also why they always counter-sue each other pointlessly in the hope that it 'll go their way and they 'll win some money even when they 're clearly in the wrong . 
  it 's essentially nothing more than a gameshow where one person wins money and the other person just gets a free trip to the studio and a night in a hotel in return for going on television . 
  well . 
  technically judge judy is n't law at all , it 's arbitration , both parties consent to it , and she 's not a real judge in the sense of currently being a judge in any legal system in the world right now . 
  furthermore , it 's important to distinguish the civil law we talk about in common law countries i.e non-criminal law , and the civil law systems used in countries like france and germany . 
  the types of problems people are having on judge judy are technically problems that would fall under the civil law in common law countries , but they 've opted for arbitration instead . 
  [ my other post explains it better ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4efdx0/legal_systems_of_the_world_3564_1870/d207rne ), 
  first of all i think you are misinformed , wow is not free to play , all they 've done is make so you can pay your subscription with wow gold , that 's not the same as free to play , and there 's no reason to have this feature for legacy players . 
  i do n't think you understand what this video and literally everyone else is begging blizzard for ... we are asking to ** pay ** for legacy servers that are maintained by blizzard . 
  we are not asking for free legacy servers , we are asking to pay our subscription , at full price if needs be , just to have access to vanilla , tbc , and wotlk legacy servers ( these seem to be the ones that there is demand for ) . 
  nobody is expecting blizzard to provide legacy servers for free . 
  nobody is asking blizzard to develop these servers beyond the content that already exists . 
  as most people have pointed out , what most people would like is some servers that simply moved through the content tiers at a similar rate to how they did on live , releasing a new tier every 3-4 months . 
  some people want servers that cycle and get deleted after 2 years . 
  some want ones that just go through the content and stay like that forever . 
  i know lot of people would be interested in one that went all the way through the content again from vanilla onward well in wotlk and beyond . 
  the success of nostalrius was because it was the first really good , totally blizzlike , progression server . 
  before nostalrius most servers were either low population , buggy as hell , screwed up xp and gold drop rates and pay to win with micro-transactions or donator privileges . 
  most of the servers before now just dumped people into a world with all the tiers of content already open , meaning half of it got skipped and people just went straight to zg and aq20  aq 40  naxx , or on bc servers went magisters terrace heroic  za  blackwing lair  sunwell . 
  it took a lot fun out of the game because there was no proper progression race for pve , your gear was nothing but a sign of how long you 'd known about the server and not the dedication and quality of your guild . 
  we know it 's not as simple as setting a restore point , just ask the team at nostalrius how much effort they had to put into making the servers run as they did on live . 
  however , this was a team of volunteers many of whom who had jobs and families and other things to do . 
  blizzard could do this with a full time team of 10-20 people . 
  for this they could charge 500k - 1m players 15 dollars a month , you do the maths . 
  not only is it doable but most of the resources to solving the problem of working with the old content has been done and is available open source from fans like the nostalrius teams . 
  stop making out like this is impossible . 
  blizzard simply does n't want to do this because they still believe they 're going to bring everyone back with legion , despite the game be irrevocable screwed and their having lost the players who want to play the old game forever . 
  i 've literally just stopped playing wod on a free trial and after 2 hours i feel like i 've been playing an adhd facebook game . 
  there is no way in hell i 'm buying wod ( i did buy panda and i barely have a 24 hours played at level 90 ) , and there 's no way in hell i 'm buying legion . 
  i would gladly pay my old subscription fee for legacy though . 
  man , i remember when i had my university final papers to hand in . 
  15000 words . 
  started them all about 2 weeks before the deadline . 
  it was all going fine . 
  it was a struggle , i remember having to delete 500 words a number of times because i realised i 'd completely fucked something up , or i was just repeating myself , or it was complete nonsense . 
  anyway after like 12 day 's of refusing to leave the house except to get food i 'd practically finished . 
  word count was fine , all the points were there , i 'd just left off the conclusions and virtually all the referencing . 
  so about 3pm the day before the deadline i 'm super chill , go back to finish it all up . 
  write about 100 words and add 3 references , but why am i worrying ? 
  it 's done right . 
  you know what would be really good , starting breaking bad from series one . 
  3 episodes later , know what else would be really good ? 
  let 's watch the shining , it 's a classic and i 've never seen it . 
  now , let 's make a bolognese sauce , good to eat well to think well . 
  fuck , it 's 11pm and the deadline is 12am the next day . 
  do n't worry we 're still cool , that 's like 13 hours . 
  that 's enough time to travel half way around the world . 
  ok , back to the papers , i 'll just check reddit . 
  2am , fuck fuck , i ca n't think straight , i know what will help , drinking those couple of beers i 've got in the fridge . 
  go back to work . 
  no sleep tonight . 
  8am , phone rings , `` hey bro you 're still giving me a lift into uni to hand in my disseration '' ... `` yeah man , just come round to mine though i 'm just finishing it up '' . 
  friend gets around about 9am , he comes in , `` i 'll be finished in a minute man i 've just got to finish the referencing '' ... 10am ... my friend is looking at me with pity ... `` we 've got to go man , print off what you 've got and forget about it '' ... `` nah it 's ok , but i have n't got a printer and i have to go to the library '' ... my friend looks at me in disbelief . 
  get to the library at 10.30 am , load up my shit , 25 references to go . 
  `` fuck man , go on without me '' . 
  11.50 am , give up out of sheer panic , fake the last 3 references by writing ibid . 
  and praying no one notices . 
  go the printer computers to print . 
  at least 30 people there with the same idea ... want to cry . 
  i know i 'll use the printers in the social science department !, 
  genius idea . 
  get there at 11.59 . 
  messing with references again . 
  print the damn thing at 12.10 . 
  get to the department secretaries office at 12.15 . 
  `` i do n't know if we can accept those '' ... fuck you bitch , you 're accepting them or i 'm torching the place . 
  seriously though she just made a note that it was 15 minute late . 
  oh sorry , you ca n't submit without cover sheets , fuuck , hastily write out the cover sheet , make sure she 's not not going to to write down a later time just because of damn cover sheets . 
  12.20 done . 
  first thing i did though was go to my personal tutor and beg her not to dock marks and to let it slide , blamed it on computer problems . 
  they counted it as an on time submission thank god . 
  god my grades back 68 % almost 1st class honours . 
  still one of the most stressful days i can remember . 
  i do n't know how time goes so fucking fast when you need more of it . 
  i can also attest from my life experience that there 's two things that will make you want to binge watch television series and obsessively play video games . 
  one is a university dissertation deadline and the other is an impending court case , the other is a separate story but just as stressful . 
  look back at what i said . 
  i merely commented that they were n't high schoolers . 
  sure maybe in the mind of the person who posted the video they are of an age that means they would be at high school in the us , and that is enough for them to unthinkingly describe them as high schoolers . 
  i was simply pointing out that they 're not high schoolers because high school is n't a thing that exists in all countries . 
  and that considering that the term high schooler is n't a term that is used universally and therefore wo n't mean anything to many people , and that even in countries that do use the term it 's used differently so will have a different meaning ( e.g scotland : 11-16 ) , and that these kids have almost certainly never attended a school that describes itself as a `` high school '' , that using the term high schooler for these kids is probably inappropriate . 
  what i do n't understand is why people are downvoting and responding so passionately over the fact that i pointed out a simple inaccuracy . 
  even people making the ridiculous claim that it 's accurate to describe them as high schoolers . 
  like i 've already said , if i went around calling american high schoolers as sixth formers i 'm sure there would be a whole bunch of people correcting my terminological inaccuracy , so why the fuck ca n't i do the same ?
