  you only see these in busy urban centres and high crime hubs , and honestly i do n't have a problem being filmed in public provided my privacy is protected . 
  the narrative that in britain the government has cctv in every village is bullshit . 
  it 's merely that every shopkeeper in britain has a camera outside and inside his shop because he or she knows that it will help with insurance claims and deter crime . 
  ghost you cares !, 
  which is why in every area of britain private interests put cameras on their property . 
  there are no areas without cameras anymore . 
  hd security cameras are not expensive luxuries these days . 
  the police do take the footage when they think a crime has occurred . 
  if you think the uk government is going around buying all the old security footage in britain though then you 're having a laugh . 
  yes , with the magic devices they have that allow them to access a closed camera system without physically interacting with the device . 
  someone systematically lightening the till is far more costly than the occasional shop lifter . 
  solihull has a population of 204,000 people . 
  to put this in context the state of wyoming in the us has 580,000 ish people . 
  solihull 's population is over 1/3 of a mid-western state . 
  hardly a village is it ? 
  in the us it would be called a city . 
  also if you had n't noticed the town centre is basically just a big shopping centre , which obviously demands a lot of surveillance . 
  also much of the area in the area around solihull , stretching into south warwickshire is generally quite wealthy . 
  the villages are quaint looking but they 're hardly working farming communities , they 're full of middle class commuters going to either birmingham or london for their salaries . 
  places like lapworth , hatton , henley upon arden are full of houses worth millions . 
  parts of birmingham however are some of the poorest in the uk . 
  if you 're a poor criminal in birmingham who wanted to rob a rich suburbanite , you 've really only got solihull and sutton coldfield to rob , and solihull is probably the more affluent of the two . 
  given this fact is it really surprising that there 's private cctv up to the eyeballs ? 
  you 'll find that 's true in any rich area that 's within a short drive of a poor one . 
  in my whole life i 've never seen police operated cctv in a village . 
  you 're not making sense i 'm afraid . 
  edit : also the country is called `` wales '' not `` whales '', 
  yes the intelligence services can take footage just as the police can . 
  so what ? 
  they can only do it when they think something of interest to them has occurred . 
   `` buying '' ... no , you jobe , connecting through them ( w / permission ) and the archives . 
  rofl , no they 're not . 
  they might be collecting the data produced by other government agencies but they 're not getting the footage from private camera owners , and as we 've already established the majority in britain are privately owned . 
  there is literally no way from them to access that data without people knowing about it . 
  a closed circuit security camera is by definition nothing like an iphone . 
  furthermore , your fake conversation is complete bollocks , why would they go to those lengths unless someone was doing something that could seriously impact things . 
  finally , sounds like your problem is with overpowered security agencies , not mr patel the quiet village of little diddlyington who puts a camera outside and inside his shop . 
  wifi networks are closed networks because they 're encrypted , a closed network does not refer to whether it has any wireless components , but rather whether it can be accessed from outside . 
  if you set up a cheap camera with wifi connection to a hard drive , there is no way access what is on the hard drive , and the only way to get at the data being sent is by hacking the wifi . 
  wifi hacking is very hard to do , it can be done , it just ca n't be being done in many places at once . 
  your problem is that you think just because something is theoretically possible i.e hacking a shop 's wifi to gain access the information their cameras receive , that means it must be being done . 
  what 's even more stupid is that the data that you 're interested in , stuff that 's probably already happened , will be on a hard drive and unless that hard drive is connected to something like the internet , then it 's literally impossible to access . 
  even with intercepting data you 'd have to know what you wanted to see was going to happen before it actually did . 
  by the way , most cheap camera systems that private businesses use actually have hard drives built into the cameras that constantly rewrite over the hard drive on a certain time frame , so they 're not remotely `` hackable '' . 
  the stupid thing about your argument is that if there really are these super powered extrajudicial agencies running loose with no one checking their powers then the technology really makes fuck all difference . 
  this briton can still dream . 
  it 's good shit . 
  mostly not under the walmart brand though . 
  saying most other countries have walmart is like saying most other countries have kraft . 
  most europeans have eaten food made by kraft and their subsidiaries / sister companies , but they 've never seen the kraft brand on some food . 
  walmart the company is multinational , walmart the brand is not international . 
  sounds like they were just authentically recreating english drinking behaviour to an impressive degree of accuracy . 
  unrelated to sas but it 's not unheard of for mainland europeans to have a thing against the british . 
  i do sometimes hear germans saying `` i 'm learning american because that 's what 's important , not english '' , and i know a polish girl who said she 'd never met a nice british person while living in britain . 
  the british attitude to foreign nationality runs from indifference to disdain , so maybe that is why they feel underappreciated . 
  i can see why a mainland european may feel more appreciated in the us where their heritage is made a big deal of than they would in the uk where they 're just another person with a foreign accent . 
  anyway , this seems more like anti-british pole not true sas . 
  edit : downvoted for pointing out that anti-british sentiment exists in other parts of europe . 
  after the hobbit he was super rich . 
  you win by keeping your character alive until he 's levelled up and adventure hardened so he 's a massive bad ass and you get bored and roll a new one . 
  probably because this add was aimed at everyone from kids to your nan . 
  at that point why not just discard you human body entirely , and convert your mind to a digital one . 
  once we do that then we 'll have the power to do things like make it seem like we 've fitted a lifetime of experience into a few hours of real time . 
  what you 're saying only sounds bad because we have inherent prejudices about the world we experience through our senses being better than a world we can simulate . 
  once that ceases to be the case then why would it matter if you experience the amazon in reality or in a simulation . 
  what if in the reality the simulation was created in getting high and pleasuring yourself were considered the most noble of acts and the highest peak of human experience ? 
  nice stalking , now fuck off . 
  nothing in my comment even mentioned irish travellers , it 's completely irrelevant to this topic , so seen what i 've written elsewhere in reddit ( which you think is racist ) remembered my username , then spotted me again . 
  that 's stalkerish . 
  go away . 
  i have res , but i do n't go around tagging people because `` i think they 're racist '' so i can stalk them . 
  even if i do tag someone it 's so i can avoid them and certainly not try to bait them back into an weeks old argument . 
  this is not * your * sub , i 've been posting here for over 2 years , so if you have n't noticed it 's because before i had n't made your stalker list . 
  basing your opinion of a whole nation based on the actions of a small non-representative group of those people ? 
  do we have a word for that ? 
  so you 're saying that shops in rural parts of the us do n't have security cameras ? 
  because that 's nothing to do with politics , that 's just dumb . 
  as a business owner there is no good reason not to have them . 
  i do n't `` sell or maintain '' cameras , i just take offence to people who suggest that because i want to protect my property from crime with cctv that i 'm somehow part of `` big brother '' or contributing to a surveillance state . 
  lol , is this your thing , going around calling people racist . 
  see what i mean about stalking ? 
  all opinions i stand by by the way . 
  i should also point out , that being a `` traveller '' is absolutely not a race , so it 's certainly not racism . 
  even using the wider sense of the term , i do n't believe being a `` traveller '' to be a culture/ethnic group/minority group or anything of the like . 
  i view `` travelling '' communities much like a view the homeless , unfortunate people stuck in a cycle of poverty , and we do n't go around saying that the homeless need to have their rights to be homeless protected , instead we try and help them stop being homeless , which is what we should do for travelling communities through education and government assistance . 
  that 's my opinion and i 'm entitled to it . 
  now leave me alone . 
  i 've heard people say it , it 's not bullshit at all . 
  not that often but sometimes people are very patronising about the concept of learning `` british english '' . 
  hmm , i think vr of the kind of quality that would make humans forgot about life would only be possible if we were close to that digital upload stage . 
  it would need to interface directly with our nervous system . 
  oculus is cool and all but i hardly see it replacing the lives of ordinary healthy people , and those unhealthy people do n't need oculus to hide themselves away in their rooms in virtual worlds , it 's as easy as downloading wow . 
  yes , and homeless people should be protected , just the travelling communities should be . 
  however , we do n't decide homelessness is a protected lifestyle and facilitate their homelessness . 
  we do n't make out like homelessness is a special culture that needs to be preserved . 
  nor do we call people racist when they say `` i do n't want homeless people in my neighbourhood '' yet if someone said that about travelling communities you 'd call them a racist no doubt . 
  except i did n't say that did i. 
  what i did say was that even if someone claimed their culture to involve theft , we would n't make allowances for that , and that in a same way , we should n't make allowances for travellers from a legal perspective . 
  yes you are funny . 
  except its not is it .
