  do fuck off . 
  because you 're an ignorant cunt . 
  fuck off , there is n't a single irish person saying that , just american cunts who think they know anything at all about british history . 
  the gallows would suit you . 
  26 people compared to millions who died in the world wars . 
  get over yourself . 
  why do n't you fuck off then . 
  is that meant to mean something ? 
  go play on the traffic lights you inbred . 
  do n't know why it 's that expensive , you can get a can of beer for about 80p in the uk , and about # 1.80 for a fortified one . 
  no i meant i do n't know why it 's so expensive in the sketch , but thanks for the info haha . 
  2 canadoughs is like # 1.10 and if you 're getting an extra large can that 's pretty damn cheap, 
  i suppose you could pay # 2.80 if it was fortified beer in the centre of london , that 's not really reflective of normal prices though . 
  do n't know why people say everything is expensive in england , depends what you compare it to , compared to japan and switzerland it 's cheap as chips . 
  four cans of beer is usually about # 3.50 at the cheapest to about # 4.50 depending on the brand normally . 
  wow i checked on this yesterday and things were serene . 
  now it 's a complete shit show with gold flying around the usual shills showing up . 
  good find op . 
  depends who you talk to , the upper cast members who had it good during the british empire still bang on about how good it was under british rule . 
  at least they did , they 're probably dead now . 
  the people who rose up the social scale later on less so . 
  still some terrible racism in india though . 
  except the fact there was about 3 people living there before we made them part of the uk . 
  it 's literally a few rocks in the ocean , the argies only want them because they 've got this conspiracy about there being oil there . 
  if there was decent oil there , trust us we 'd already be mining the oil ... 
  it 's worth learning , and it 's true what they say about how you never forget . 
  until a few months ago i had n't been on a bike since i was about 14 years old . 
  within 100 metres of pedalling it was as natural as if i 'd never stopped . 
  be really good at jumping . 
  windows 8 is an abomination frankly , they took something so perfect and just fucked it up completely . 
  i had to mess around for ages to get it to be usable again . 
  also who thought of backspace for page back in browsers , who ever came up with that one deserves to be fired . 
  afraid not , i have n't ever used one in my life . 
  i find them uncomfortable . 
  my phone is my time keeping device . 
  this really would n't have been possible until about 15 years ago . 
  - you ca n't be against a genetic explanation of homosexuality . 
  even if you 're are n't homophobic at all , much of reddit is strongly attached to the idea that people are `` born this way '' and that 's why homophobia wrong , not because it 's a shitty prejudice to have regardless of why homosexuality exists . 
  - you ca n't question the limitations of the inductive method . 
  science is merely one tool in the toolbox of human reason , it is the be all and end all . 
  discussion is stupid because science gives us a definite answer on everything apparently . 
  - you ca n't question evolutionary and popular psychology , even though it 's absolutely theoretical and mostly adds explanations to the fact and rarely can be verified . 
  ( i 'll add i 'm not against evolutionary psychology i just think the way people on reddit often take it as hard science is silly ), 
  - you ca n't not equate being scientific with atheism . 
  atheism = logic , science , enlightenment and carl sagan . 
  not atheism = blind faith , creationism , low i.q.s and the westboro baptist church . 
  - any form of knowledge that is n't science , and you must subscribe to materialist scientific realism . 
  philosophy is a useless waste of time . 
  there are no questions that science ca n't answer . 
  - all in all i 'd say any views that require a depth and nuance of understanding . 
  reddit likes things to be straightforward , black and white , it does n't like to think there is anything mysterious in the world . 
  we should all study stem subjects and this will lead us to an enlightened utopia . 
  everything else is useless . 
  yeah but whatever benefits it has could have been easily integrated into a more windows 7 like programme . 
  yeah but they 'd just do what they used to and devalue their currency and keep everyone poor but working . 
  do you remember the old days germoney ? 
  when you could go on holiday and buy a whole greek village with your precious deutschmarks ? 
  the days you would wake up early and steal the best sunbeds from us ? 
  those were the days . 
  american schools sound like nazi concentration camps . 
  surprised they have n't introduced mandatory rectal examinations . 
  as if everyone even had one of those . 
  there are a million other perfectly good shortcuts it could be . 
  ones that would n't get pressed accidentally when you are writing out a long post and go to delete something and have accidentally clicked out of the text box . 
  `` ocular patdown '' aka noticing shit, 
  they would notice and then they would shit in your food i promise you . 
  i think you have a persecution complex . 
  most people with english as a second language have a hard time distinguishing accents . 
  good rule is unless they sound like they have a goodish english native speaker accent , they ca n't hear where you 're from . 
  i 'll add to that - whether they use which and what appropriately ... 
  it 's still dumb . 
  any other shortcut would n't lead losing everything you 've typed because you forgot you clicked off a text box or hit the touchpad with your thumb . 
  haha it 's funny because you think write at higher than an 8th grade level . 
  i guess that 's `` sorta of mute '' , `` fact true '' bro !, 
  oh thank god for all those americans doing extra hand washing to save us from the mighty ebola . 
  had they been lax in their hygiene practices the greatest country on earth would surely be a plague ridden wreckage like the rest of the world is now . 
  i 'd like to personally thank each and every one for their service !, 
  he 's right . 
  personally i dream of a day on which i could execute an ethnic minority who has invaded my property . 
  sadly this is a freedom that the stinking brussels bureaucrats have denied me of :(, 
  cool story , you 're actually using completely wrong words . 
  `` sorta '' is already short for `` sort of '' , so you had to write a whole additional word . 
  also words like `` sorta '' are n't in autocorrect dictionaries ( because it 's not correct english ) . 
  finally the word you 're looking for is `` moot '' not `` mute '' . 
  nice attempt , but stop blaming your illiteracy on your phone . 
  you do n't get it , there 's no way in hell you could intimidate a local accent . 
  people 's ears are incredibly fine tuned to their own accents . 
  they would shit in your food because they 'd most likely interpret your awful attempt at their accent as you parodying them , insulting them . 
  i did n't even know it was happening . 
  was in germany . 
  what kind of fucking name is turducken ? 
  it 's a three bird roast and it 's been around forever . 
  hope you 're joking . 
  i 've done it . 
  took about 2 hours of rewatching the video over and over . 
  once you know how though it should only take 20 minutes . 
  he does make it look ridiculously easy though . 
  well worth doing . 
  seriously people saying people are making a deal out of nothing are really not getting the picture . 
  yes it 's an `` evil stick '' but that does n't change that it says for 3 and up , is marketed towards children and it depicts self harm .
