  anyone can do this in their language . 
  you are not special , just stuck up . 
  i refer to saying things like :, 
   and how do you get an `` a '' sound from `` oi '' ? 
  it 's just so frustrating, 
  which is not only intended to imply how much more sensitive to these sounds you believe yourself to be , but is also wrong , it just looks stupid to anyone with a knowledge of phonetics given that the sound in voila and the sound made by an english - a in some places are virtually identical sounds . 
  since this is the case , the only reason you could make such a claim would be to appear superior . 
   and how do you get an `` a '' sound from `` oi '' ? 
  it 's just so frustrating, 
  maybe you should watch your tone next time and not seem so arrogant . 
  if you were really all that phonetically sensitive then you 'd realise why what you said is ridiculous . 
  lol i 'm sorry but it 's exactly the same as checking two routes , that 's why you always swap , you 're getting the chance of picking two from one . 
   it would n't make sense for somebody to know where the enemy is and then tell you where they 're not but refuse to tell you where they are . 
  it 's a analogy . 
  also a winning strategy is a strategy that wins more often than the alternative . 
  like i explained one strategy : swapping , is like checking two routes , not swapping is like checking one . 
  it 's that simple , 2 out of 3 times the eliminator has to leave you the winning door . 
  because it seems unlikely that they 've done that . 
  actually that 's wrong . 
  the sound used in - wa is \u00e4 , the central open unrounded vowel , which is used is used by most european languages and a large number of english speakers . 
  the sound - \u0250 near-open central unrounded is completely wrong here , in received pronunciation this correlated with words like `` nut '' and `` putt '' . 
  in no dialect does it correspond with the palm vowel . 
  also - a is wrong too , the open front unrounded vowel , this sound is mostly used by english speakers in words like `` hat '' and `` cat '' , it 's almost never used for words like `` palm '' because then they 'd rhyme with `` pam '' . 
  all i can qualify is that many english speakers use the open back unrounded - \u0251 instead for the palm vowel , which is more back than the french sound , but is obviously an allophone of the central open unrounded in english , making it obvious where people are getting `` ah '' from `` oi '' from . 
  actually general american can use either . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/general_american#pure_vowels ) . 
  remember that dictionary transcriptions will not show `` true '' ipa but very broad ipa , and will show allophonic sounds with one symbol . 
  typically in english phonemes the `` palm '' vowel is written '' \u0251 '' and the `` hat '' vowel is written `` a '' or '' \u00e6 '' . 
  however this does n't tell you about what actual vowel speakers use . 
  no they would n't . 
  if there were 10 doors , and after you selected one then eight were removed , the odds of swapping would be 9/10 ... 
  in this case it would be exactly like having 10 roads , and one strategy that checks 9 roads vs another strategy that checks just 1 . 
  purely from watching those documentaries about border agencies i would guess that if she mentions the intention to marry she 'll be refused entry at the airport and sent home . 
  this is because she is essentially entering the uk fraudulently on the wrong visa . 
  she has to say she 's only on holiday and will in no case consider getting married , they are very strict on this and even send people who are just `` thinking about '' getting married home . 
  also if she says she 's here for 6 months on holiday ( the maximum length of the visitor visa ) , then they 'll want to know more information . 
  if they suspect she 'll work then no entry . 
  they 'll want to know how much money she has , how she intends to support herself . 
  if she mentions her boyfriend is supporting her they 'll want to know who he is , how they know each other ( including whether they 've actually met face to face before ) , and whether he can afford to support her . 
  they might speak to him on the phone and even need him to come to the airport and submit to an interview before he 's given chance to speak to your sister . 
  in this case they 'll ask him about what he believes about the trip ( holiday or permanent ) and what your sister has said to him . 
  if the stories do n't match then they 'll refuse her entry . 
  also if he mentions the marriage , or even the serious romantic relationship between him and your sister in some cases , they may not allow her entry . 
  honestly what your sister is doing sounds like recipe for disaster . 
  what i suggest you do is convince your sister to make it into a real holiday , to go with the intention of only staying just a month or so , but with an option to come home at any time . 
  then if they plan to go through with it she should go home and apply for the correct visa . 
  as it stands i 'd say there 's a good chance she wo n't even get into the country . 
  lol america is so free, 
  haha i feel sorry for you . 
  if it makes you feel better i 'm british and had the same problem with australian soap operas neighbours and home and away which they 'd show during the day in the uk . 
  i think you mean viewers . 
  staggered television does n't work for a myriad of reasons . 
  a lot of it is automated , things like this still require a human to oversee . 
  nobody is going to rely on a programme to check things like whether a football match has ran into extra time or whether the television is running to schedule . 
  it might be possible to make it more automated , but why bother when you 're going to have to have someone constantly check on it anyway . 
  it 's like saying why do we have meteorological scientists in offices predicting the weather , when it could be done with a programme , it 's too important to be left to a machine , but of course the specialists do use computers to help them . 
  [ uk border force ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gekruv4qmuq ) is a popular one . 
  for someone called accent man you 're not very good at this . 
  love leaves the house and stay 100ft from food when she 's on her period - the bible, 
  he said he has anger issues , maybe he has a record for violent crime . 
  sounds like there 's a story regarding his leaving of the group . 
  also while he seems confident and normal , he seems almost too confident . 
  just because someone is relatively eloquent does n't mean they 're entirely sane , he could have some condition that makes him anti-social and very hard to employ . 
  couchsurfing definitely is a thing . 
  round it off with a nice bit of glitter for an ultimate compilation, 
  i think rp is a somehow hard to define term because it means different things to different people . 
  what really exists is a general consensus of what an engluish `` prestige accent '' consists of in the uk at any one time . 
  rp is an oversimplification because it 's something that 's changing over time . 
  it 's also something that 's on a scale , more extreme variations having some elements that less extreme versions might not . 
  also because it changes are also elements that become dated , a strong upper class accent of the 1920s would sound ridiculous today even when amongst royalty . 
  what sounds plummier to you is simply more extreme and/or more old fashioned . 
  i do n't think you 're right when you say the bbc used to be more upper class and is now more middle class . 
  i think what 's really happened is that modern day rp has shifted away from what it once was . 
  i think there was definitely a period in the 70s/80s where the bbc tried to resist going with the times but it 's changed over the past 20 years . 
  there are definitely shades within the rp spectrum . 
  for example david cameron has quite a strong rp accent which goes are far as pronouncing the `` sure '' vowel , so that words like pure and more do n't rhyme . 
  this is something that is traditionally rp but less common these days but still acceptable . 
  many younger mps will rhyme `` one '' with `` ron '' but many older mps rhyme it with `` bun '' . 
  older versions of the queen 's speaking voice have words like `` cross '' and `` lost '' rhyming with `` horse '' and `` forced '' , as well as words like `` cat '' sounding like `` ket '' , all of which used to prestige features but now sound too silly to be used by anyone . 
  as an outsider who 's visited the us both before and after 9/11 . 
  9/11 was when it really became clear how stark raving bonkers america is . 
  do n't get me wrong , before then america was still the land of crazy , crazy big drink cups , crazy cars , crazy big theme parks and stuff . 
  however 9/11 made that image go from crazy in quite a good way to just plain crazy , crazy people people and crazy politicians . 
  the way america reacted to 9/11 was definitely an indication of the crazy , from the mass out pourings of grief and anger , to the instant demand for retribution and resolution of the threat . 
  seemed like america has a massively dramatic reaction to the attack in a `` nothing will ever be the same again '' kind of way . 
  it 's a hysteria that has continued until today with every school shooting or subsequent attack on us soil . 
  yes you can say how americans , unlike many european countries , were not used to being attacked and that it shattered the illusions of absolute security that americans had developed post ww2 , but the reaction was not something i think one would see years and year ago when the ww2 generation was around . 
  the generation that dealt with the japanese and the germans followed by the cold war would probably not have lost its head over a couple of plane crashes . 
  i think that 's an important point though . 
  the american public took the attack very personally as if their mother had been punched in the face . 
  there were people grieving as if their family had died despite not knowing anyone affected and there were calls for greater security measures and changes after the attack . 
  the way the american people took the attack did n't have to be the reaction it was , in other countries it might not have been the same , but the american public being of the mentality that they are happened to go in a certain direction . 
  with these things we still have to choose what significance to place on those events , and much of america read into 9/11 very heavily seeing it as almost a symbolic message that change was needed in america . 
  that is so dumb ; /, 
  i think for a time the bbc accent was quite forced , because not many people still actually spoke in that way , it was a dated version of rp that they wanted . 
  the point i was making ultimately is that rp is changing . 
  you 'd be hard pushed to find any speakers of conservative rp these days even amongst aristocratic circles , so the upper class is changing too , alongside the bbc 's desire to appear more in touch with ordinary people . 
  yeah but what i mean is that there was no attempt to moderate that sense of shared injury , it was fully and shamelessly embraced , something that i do n't think would 've happened in other countries . 
  obviously people feel empathy for national tragedies , but america took it particularly hard and allowed itself to be swept up in a tide of hysteria without feeling there were anything wrong with that . 
   touc,
