  shakespeare would have said adieu as the french pronounce it today : a-dee-uh . 
  i do n't know how you pronounce it in north america now , but in britain this later changed to a-jew , a pronunciation we have conserved . 
  not so the lieu - of lieutenant , which we further modified to today 's lef - sound . 
  but i think lieu - departed our shores and arrived in the new world when it still had its lew - sound , and that pronunciation was conserved in north america . 
  no , this is nonsense , there is evidence of the `` left '' pronunciation going back to the 1400s . 
   this is all educated guesswork on my part though !, 
  `` educated '' guesswork is useless in a field like etymology and that 's how we get folk etymologies . 
  you can find that if you want , but it 's a fact that in most dialects they identical . 
  what you are conveniently failing to acknowledge is that davy 's original name was `` alumium '' ( with the classical ending ) , and that later in life davy recognised `` aluminium '' as the correct spelling . 
  in fact the only reason the us spelling has any usage at all is because that 's the spelling us commercial producers went with . 
  there is no pretentiousness at all except perhaps the pretentious of americans trying to differentiate themselves by saying it differently , but as ever , rewrite history with yourself in the right and the british as the baddies , it 's the american way . 
  fyi draw and drawer are homophones and if you 're not pronouncing them the same you 're pronouncing it wrong . 
  i wish people would take time to find out what the official pronunciation is before judging others to be uneducated . 
  the guy is talking shit , the dictionary pronunciation of drawer is the same as draw , it states that the `` r '' is optional and does n't exist in most dialects . 
  you 're saying it right , he 's saying it wrong . 
  let 's look at german words `` doch '' , i mean how do you even pronounce `` ch '' ? 
  that 's just stupid !, 
  fun fact , `` gh '' was older forms of english 's equivalent to `` ch '' . 
  no i do n't think he was , in fact the only pretentious i see is that of americans in persisting with the `` aluminum '' spelling for so long despite the fact that the rest of the world , including us scientific journals , prefers the - ium ending . 
  the only difference is the length of the vowel . 
  what you 're missing that that english does n't have the short form of this vowel and that the sound you hear in a word like `` bit '' is positioned differently . 
  this is why english speakers laugh when french speakers say a word like `` beach '' because they do n't elongate the sound and we interpret it as `` bitch '' ( despite the fact that the vowel a native english speakers would use in a word like bitch is a slightly different ) . 
  reek ... it rhymes with meek !, 
  this is kind of silly way of looking at it , but let 's think about it for a moment . 
  most people fail to grasp that english was mixed with norman french to a great extent and that britain has a strong claim to french being a native language of britain . 
  much of our romance derived lexicon comes directly from the french spoken by norman britons . 
  old norman french is not the same as french nor is it even the same as the old french that was popular in france ( although it was similar ) . 
  many words shifted on different paths throughout history . 
  during the 19th century america was quite francophile as the french supported america 's right to exist while the brtish were quite anti-french due to a fella called napoleon who conquered continental europe twice . 
  this meant that in the eyes of the british aristocracy feigning frenchness was an ignoble thing to do ( despite the fact that knowing fluent french was a necessity at court ) , it made you a parvenu and suggested you were a low class social climber who thinks french is the definition of sophistication . 
  british gentry saw themselves as being of norman decent but wanted to differentiate themselves from the modern nation of france . 
  you are mistaken in thinking brits pronounce `` filet '' with - t . that is simply untrue . 
  `` filet '' ( the french word ) = fil-ay , `` fillet '' ( the english word ) = fil-it , pronounced with - t , but briton has just as much right to the word the french do given that english is a partially romanised language with ancestral ties to the francophone world . 
  likewise the realising of - age suffix words with an `` idge '' sound is something with a long historical legacy , it 's how native britons realised the - age suffix in their natural dialects when english was pumped full of french words by norman conquerors . 
  it 's no more wrong for native english speakers to say `` garage '' as garidge than it is wrong that you do n't pronounce marriage like `` mar-ee-ahj '' . 
  britons are n't being `` arrogant '' ( although i know modern americans love to project onto britain the image of being some arrogant former evil power associated with all the wrong doing of the past , thanks hollywood ) , they are speaking their language as they see fit and as they found easiest in their natural dialects . 
  americans however had more of a culture of trying to appear educated by using the native pronunciation of loan words ( something that would have made you look like a low class oik in briton ) and thus some words were n't `` anglicised '' in the same way over there . 
   but the british have some fucked-up pronunciation sometimes . 
  correct pronunciations , it 's our language and we 'll do what the fuck we want with it . 
  we define what is right for us and those who are learning our language , we tolerate your speaking `` american english '' how you see fit but it has no bearing on what is considered correct outside that dialect and we reserve the right to a laugh at it occasionally , if you do n't like that then i suggest you learn navajo . 
  the british do n't say - haitch , they say - aitch . 
  the - haitch pronunciation is actually from ireland . 
  at certain points in history the pronunciation of this word has been used to `` spot a catholic '' . 
  with irish migration haitch became more common in the uk , but it 's still not considered the official pronunciation and is considered a bit of a `` schoolboy error '' . 
  you still hear - aitch far more often than - haitch in briton , although - haitch is around . 
  fyi you should find out about what you 're talking about before making comments . 
  edit : i 'll also add that - h was silent in english in many dialects for much of british history , and even at the start of the 20th century many educated speakers refused to pronounce it in words of french origin . 
  i believe the british pronounce it `` our - land '' ... ( i 'll show myself out ), 
  if you are talking about intrusive - r it 's not a mistake but a feature of many english dialects that you incorrectly interpret as a rhotic - r belonging to the previous word . 
  only speakers of dialects that pronounce - r at the end of words with a - rrr sound like general american actually hear it this way . 
  this is correct , you are mishearing it because you speak `` american english '' whatever that is supposed to be . 
  there is no - r sound that goes on the end of the words in most british dialects , thus we are free to use it as a linking sound in the same way that you use - w and - y as a linking sound ( alongside virtually all english speakers ) . 
  e.g go out = go wout , lie on = lie yon . 
  it 's not our fault you mishear the english language . 
  vee-ah-cul , h is silent . 
   that 's clearly an illogical pronunciation, 
  no it 's not . 
   faulty usages, 
  they 're not faulty . 
  you 're not getting this at all . 
  forget about linguistics for a moment . 
  if you pronounce thames as `` thay-mez '' then you are wrong , it 's nothing to do with prescriptivism vs descriptivism or accepting faulty speaking as correct . 
  that 's just no how it 's said . 
  the same apples to comfortable , the order that the letters come in the word are not a guide to how it is correctly pronounced . 
  the correct pronunciation does not come from the spelling english . 
  comfortable with 4 syllables has been taught as incorrect for decades if not centuries , forget all that linguistics shit , if you judge people to be mispronouncing something when they are using the pronunciation that is taught to be correct , just because you think the spelling means it must be pronounced a certain way , then you are insane . 
  comf-turr-bul with rhotic are is probably just a feature of some american dialects , but that does n't change the fact that they should official be saying `` comf-tuh-bul '' ( it 's the - or part of the word that is ignored in the spoken form ) , and the comf-turr-bul is still more officially correct than the 4 syllable pronunciation . 
  i do n't judge anyone for using a non-dictionary pronunciation and use some myself . 
  my point is that the one thing worse than being an arsehole who judges someone for using a non-dictionary pronunciation , is to be an arsehole who judges someone for using the dictionary pronunciation because they ignorantly believe that a different pronunciation is more proper without any support for that belief at all . 
  fair enough then . 
  my point is really only that there 's no grounds to consider `` draw '' - `` drawer '' being homophones to be a mispronunciation , that 's what you 'll find in many dictionaries . 
  the dictionaries just record what people say , but draw-drawer being homophones is not a new thing in english , it 's been that way for decades if not centuries , only a minority of dialects pronounce them differently . 
  when america finally learns english we will . 
  i do n't know which you think are `` wrong '' . 
  historically the - t in often is silent as in soften , but so many pronounce it these days that it 's hardly wrong . 
  comfortable has historically been a 3 syllable word with the - or part being ignored . 
  both the figure with the - y sound and without are correct just as both noo york and nyew york are considered correct . 
   sound . it . out . 
  great plan if you want to sound like a half wet schoolboy who knows nothing about silent letters and elision ( although some americans , particularly those on the west coast seem to like speaking this way ) . 
  no , you are the one who technically more wrong here ( although i do n't believe in `` wrong '' when it comes to language . ), 
  the english language historically featured something called yod-coalescence before the - u sound . 
  that 's why for many people new = nyew and not - noo . 
  tuesday is thus pronounced - tyuesday with a - ty sound before the first vowel which is a long - u. 
  this is the more official pronunciation from a historical point of view . 
  - ty sounds very similar to - ch in english and many speakers do n't differentiate between the two especially in casual speech . 
  you however obviously speak one of those dialects that went through a process of yod-dropping . 
  historically yod dropping was considered incorrect and sign of ill educated speech , but it 's so common in many english dialects these days ( particularly in the us ) that nobody really believes that any more . 
  in some dialects they are homophones though . 
  in the same way that do and dew are homophones for many people . 
  the dictionary gives tem-pru-tyure . 
  you are the one who is wrong i 'm afraid ( or at very least you are judging people for using what is official endorsed as correct ) . 
   you know , like it 's spelled . 
  in english , prioritising spelling is a great way to sound like a poorly educated schoolmarm . 
  smoothing is a feature of proper english i 'm afraid , you are wrong . 
   the editors and linguistics experts of those esteemed reference works must have missed the memo that `` comfortable with 4 syllables has been taught as incorrect for decades if not centuries '' . 
  i 'm glad you are here to straighten them out . 
  are you serious ? 
  that 's your argument , it 's in free dictionaries therefore it ca n't have been taught as incorrect for decades ? 
  do you not see why that is stupid . 
  let 's do some real research , shall we ?
