  americanisms are n't particularly well received in the uk, 
  i agree it was ground breaking , but i think bioshock owes a lot to hl2 in the sense that it 's a 1st person game where the the narrative is told entirely in the 1st , even stuff like cut scenes are in the 1st person , you simply lose control of the character . 
  also they have mostly silent protagonists . 
  i think it 's a novel way of making people feel like they are truly living the narrative rather than just watching it . 
  no idea what you 're talking about ? 
  the only northern chinese i know , apparently not far from the russian border , are multi-millionaires . 
  it 's not really to do with money imo , but more to do with press and prestige , when riot can show stadiums full of people and millions of dollar of press coverage and marketing the guy whose job it is to stamp the visa will have a harder time protesting its legitimacy . 
  afaik the visa lottery is the diversity visa , which lets so many people in depending on their nationality , this is what people spend years waiting for . 
  what would apply in this example , on the other hand , would be a sponsored visa , which is n't a lottery but just really expensive and long bureaucratic process for the company . 
  this kind of visa is really designed for bringing highly skilled workers into the country , this would mean essentially emigrating to the us long term . 
  an athlete 's visa is just a temporary visa that allows you to perform at a specific event or series of events . 
  this guy is n't going to move the us full time just for tournaments i think , so it 's not really an option . 
  whilst it 's true that charles was basically forced to marry someone who was n't his first choice due to the divorcee nonsense , public sympathy was definitely directed more towards diana . 
  diana was hugely popular far beyond what kate is today ( kate is generally liked but is considered a safe pair of hands without a huge amount of interest about her ) . 
  diana in contrast showed something that the people during that period had been wanting from the royals for a long time which was to show a bit of humanity and mix up the status quo a little bit . 
  also the prevention of charles marrying camilla is really something that the royals imposed upon themselves . 
  you should watch the film `` the queen '' if you really want some insight into the royal family and the public relationship with them . 
  it covers the period around diana 's death and how they negotiated the public outcry . 
  really , before diana 's death the royal family were stuck in the past and doing things the same way they 'd been done for the rest of the century . 
  trying to appear above everything and not bow to the whims of public opinion . 
  they hated diana for not being like that , appearing in newspapers in ordinary situations without the veil of superiority around her . 
  diana 's death really shows the point at which the text book for the royal family , regarding pr management and how they interacted with the public , had to be rewritten . 
  had the royal family been more modern earlier on , perhaps charles would 've been able to marry camilla at a later point and the whole mess could 've been avoided ( public attitude was changing around divorce at the time ) . 
  nowadays the way the royal family behaves is vastly different , actively managing their popularity , trying to appear more human and relateable , because they know their continued existence relies on the public believing they 're getting something out of allowing them to exist . 
  with this they 've been very successful , giving the public the spectacle and insight into their personal life that they desire . 
  the number of anti royalists in this country has been dwindling ever since due to the perceived value to having them around with a young and more interesting generation waiting in the wings to continue the tradition . 
  charles is not part of this , and in many peoples minds represents the low point in the royals ' history , the transition period between the legendary queen liz ii and all the history that entails , and the new modern royal family that is more public friendly . 
  charles represents the transition period ( late 80s , and 90s ) , when the royals were outdated , stuffy , and unpopular , and were fighting diana who was in many ways more modernised and loved by the people . 
  ultimately people do n't like camilla or charles , camilla is the interloper that ruined diana in many people 's minds , and charles is just a tool . 
  you mean a saxe-coburg und gotha ? 
  come on old chap , starving the commoners was just part of the game back then , the game ... of thrones ... 
  yeah but they still had a lot more prestige around them , especially in korea , than the fighting game community does , which is actually anti esports and prefers a move humble grass roots style of community . 
  i do n't see a problem with this as a long term strategy . 
  it should n't , that 's not how it works , the project budgets should be independent of each other . 
  blizzard is n't short of money , there 's no reason why it could set a few million aside for project legacy , hire a small team of enthusiasts ( like nostalrius for example ) , give them space to work . 
  i also think that the returning subs you 'd get from the legacy servers would pay for itself , and many of those subs would play the latest iteration and buy legion too . 
  i just think the pro-legacy people are more angry because they are the ones who have lost characters on nostalrius and they are the ones who are n't being allowed to do what they want to do . 
  the retail players have their game , and if blizzard implemented legacy there would be next to no impact on that . 
  thus the retail players are much more infuriating because they just sit there and go `` hurr durr piracy , criminals '' and `` hurr durr rose tinted glasses , vanilla was for noobs '' and troll around without any of it really meaning anything to them because they 're already happy with the status quo . 
  trade chat is obviously anti-legacy , if you look through her twitter you can see her favouring anti-legacy tweets with likes and shit . 
  even if her own tweets claim neutrality she 's liking tweet calling nost criminals and calling the legacy community entitled and toxic . 
  obviously it pisses people off when those wotlk babies , who never even played vanilla and are therefore far more adjusted to the actiblizz vision for wow , start being negative towards the legacy movement . 
  the average wod player needs an average wod players opinion . 
  gamergate started when some huge drama around indie games blew up . 
  essentially it was people complaining that games reviewers were bias , that they had person relationships with the game developers and were just giving out scores based on how close they were . 
  a lot of this centred around zoe quinn , the maker of the game `` depression quest '' . 
  depression quest was just a text simulation of what it 's like to be depressed . 
  it got rave reviews in the gaming media which people were pissed off about , because ultimately the game was n't a game , it was just a piece of hipsterish social commentary which no real underlying game mechanics . 
  another game people hated but got great reviews was gone home , which is just a story game where you run around finding out what 's happened to your family since you were away through finding different notes ( spoiler : turns out your sister is a lesbian ) . 
  anyway people were unhappy about these arty farty games getting good reviews when they majority of gamers want actually good games , not pretentious , `` video games are art '' bullshit . 
  then it transpired that zoe quinn had had relations with a gaming journo at kotaku or somewhere . 
  we found out because her ex-boyfriend went public with a bunch of personal shit about her , and through this the incestuous nature of the industry was made more transparent . 
  essentially this was the point when the resentment reached boiling point and shit hit the fan . 
  so gg was basically just a movement that wanted to see gaming journalist be held to account , and for the relationship between the industry and the media to be made clear . 
  however , it was deeper than this , because people were also pissed off with how gaming journalism seemed to be being highly influenced by progressive politics , and that in turn turned into a symbol of how out of touch the media is with the average gamer , only a small minority of gamers actually identifying as feminists or pro transgender rights activists , the majority being totally indifferent and bored of this tumblr type shit , wanting to focus on the pure gaming . 
  however this correlation between people who wanted to see the gaming media held to account , and people who were sick of all the pro feminist drivel and the lauding of gaming titles that pushed an edgy sjw message of tolerance as genius , meant that the enemies of the movement could paint gg as an inherently sexist , misogynistic , hateful group of men 's right activist types . 
  which is what the media tried to do . 
  this obviously infuriated a lot of people , who fell into their trap and took the bait and a lot of twitter drama and shitposting ensued . 
  the core gamer gaters insisting it 's not about these progressive issues but about industry accountability , while the mainstream media tried to throw shit and call it a sexist movement . 
  all the while lots of trolls caused confusion by stirring up shit and being offensive . 
  mark kern was pro gamer gate . 
  tradechat was clearly on the sjw side of things . 
  hollywood is pretty mediocre these days . 
  the oscars are the biggest load of self congratulatory circle jerking ever seen on the planet . 
  tonnes of films that hollywood lauds as ground breaking are self-referential shite that has no appeal outside the us . 
  nobody still uses those criteria . 
  the rule used to be that you were n't upper class unless you were landed gentry , which generally meant having a title or at least a family connection with someone with a title . 
  that does n't mean royalty , that just means a title , of which there used to be hundreds in the uk . 
  anyone who was filthy rich but had not married into a titled old money family was considered to be upper middle class , regardless of how many yachts or country houses they owned . 
  people like that could never be part of the inner circle of british high society , and would n't be invited to the best parties regardless of how much of their time they spent around the upper classes the rest of the time . 
  anyone who still seriously believes in these criteria is delusional though . 
  most of the landed gentry in the uk have gone broke and have forgone their titles . 
  the modern upper classes are just regular old old money multi-millionaires / billionaires these days . 
  having a title is quite out dated . 
  the upper middle classes are the well off professional classes and the new money rich who 've moved up from being regular middle classes to filthy rich middle classes who can afford fancy houses and own horses . 
  or you just do n't get the reference . 
  gulf stream , all that caribbean warm water comes our way and misses the east coast of the us . 
  if it was n't for that most of europe would have weather similar to that of central canada . 
  it 's not the same . 
  whinge is definitely in use in the uk , ireland , australia , and new zealand so i do n't think that no other countries use it . 
  it 's just not popular with those bloody yanks . 
  i think they 're sweeter outside the uk , a bit like ketchup . 
  everything in germany seems sweeter than in the uk . 
  also there 's a distinct lack of malt vinegar in stuff here . 
  make a d\u00fcr\u00fcm using a lahmacun as the wrap , now that 's eating . 
  i swear it used to be a staple in a tonne of fast food places , a bit like lilt , but then it just fell of the radar a bit . 
  now all i see is coke , sprite , and fanta . 
  go to a big rewe , they 've started stocking a tonne of imported fizzy drinks . 
  about 1 euro 50 for a can . 
  germany - curry ketchup , joppi sauce , samurai sauce . 
  i was impressed with the diversity of sauces for unhealthy food choices . 
  i amazed that my native britain , home of the fish and chip shop , does n't have any more variety than the traditional red or brown sauce ( or if you 're feeling fruity - mayonnaise ) . 
  i think it was more like 10 years ago haha . 
  lilt used to definitely have a bigger presence . 
  it 's still around but only in supermarkets and some corner shops . 
  i ca n't remember the last time i got lilt or dr pepper in a restaurant or fast food chain . 
  seriously ? 
  if i was in this area of birmingham where there 's a stabbing every week and regular shooting i would n't be stepping in to intervene over some higher moral principle , i 'd be doing exactly what these people are doing , sitting around waiting for the police to come or getting off the bus and waiting for the next one . 
  christiania is like the weed tolerance zone in denmark . 
  however , frequently hard drugs are sold and used by the people who hang out there , so once in a while the police raid them for cocaine , pills and heroins and stuff .
