   wood smoke may be thicker but it has less known irritants in it, 
  what on earth are you talking about . 
  if you burn pretty much any plant material whatsoever you 're going to get a similar number of carcinogens in it , a similar chemical constitution of smoke coming off it , there 's nothing special about `` tobacco '' as a plant , you still have similar smoke if you burn grass or leaves or anything . 
  seriously , it 's rather presumptuous of you to call it `` junk science '' and not back up your claim whatsoever . 
  the onus is on you to tell me why tobacco is especially asthma inducing ( besides psychosomatic reasons ) . 
  if tobacco smoke is especially irritating to people 's lungs show me some evidence ( although such a suggestion seems rather far fetched given tobacco is prepared to be smoked whereas burning unprepared plant matter will have you coughing your lungs out ) . 
  if you 're expert enough a scientist to call out that statement then you 're expert enough to explain why ... and also fuck off questioning my motives . 
  as far as i understand there 's little reason to think that cigarette smoke is particularly asthma inducing in comparison with other forms of smoke , it might suit your agenda to assume that i believe that due to some weird form of self rationalisation but in fact it 's what i 've been told ( especially when it comes to disillusioning cannabis smokers that think weed ca n't cause cancer in the exact same way tobacco does ) . 
  yes indeed fully into the black . 
  now back to r/de / with you . 
  i still prefer [ the pipe guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-0ged3rn2tc ), 
  that said , if these two did a duet i 'm sure it would be pretty amazing . 
  because nobody in the midlands gives a fuck what happens in lincolnshire . 
  to be fair , with the rate of globalism these days i think the idea that you 're going to find golden untapped markets all of a sudden is a bit unrealistic . 
  companies have seen how much money can be made from english tuition in the right market and they 're constantly looking for places to expand to . 
  however , i think the booms in english teaching profitability depends not just on changes in the wealth of nations , but also in a change in attitude towards english learning . 
  for example there was a bit of a boom in the 90s and 00s for english teaching in much of europe , but this was n't because the countries had become richer , but rather that the mentality towards english learning was changing and native teachers became sought after . 
  this was due to demand for what i 'll call `` real english '' ; english taught by native speakers , as everyone was trying to become not just proficient at reading and understanding english , but want to acquire a more impressive and natural way of communicating and writing the language . 
  l1 interference became increasingly seen as tacky and embarrassing , and a native-esque way of communicating started to carry prestige and indicate education . 
  the internet was likely a big factor , the increased cultural proximity to the anglosphere is created really exposed the limitations of many people 's `` school english '' . 
  china is liable to go through many waves of market change over the next 30 years , but exactly when and how is unpredictable . 
  some points about china are that currently only a small percentage of the population can afford english tuition from a native speaker . 
  furthermore , the biggest demand for english is solely to pass things lik ielts and cae which are the barriers to a western education . 
  much of china makes do with often terrible non-native teachers who teach to the tests and for many poorer communities this is n't going to change any time soon . 
  however , we could see huge growth over the coming decades in things like business english tuition . 
  also as the chinese middle class expands we might see increasing demand for stuff like cae and ielts tuition from native speakers . 
  if native like english becomes very socially desirable in china , and a sign of prestige that ordinary people can attain , then it will increase market demand as well . 
  anyway , the point is that it 's silly to think that there might be somewhere in the world that is dying for native english teachers , has lots of money to pay them , and has been overlooked by the industry . 
  it 's also naive to think that market for english teachers increases linearly in relation to economic prosperity , it actually depends on many factors , and is inherently unpredictable ( if it were n't then companies simply would n't ever allow supply to be exceeded by demand ) . 
  dayum son , that was cold !, 
  fair enough , however , forgive if i 'm wrong but i had the impression that biggest demand for english in china is young people who hope to study at a foreign university . 
  i mean obviously you wo n't be teaching these courses unless you 're teaching 17-20 year olds , but the general english teaching with young children is all so they can hopefully go on to do that stuff . 
  point is that the market is very different . 
  in europe for example i 've taught rooms full of pensioners and middle aged people with no education aspirations who simply want to develop a higher level of fluency simply to assist with travel and prestige . 
  often the greatest motivation for learning is simply because they are sick of being the worst english speaker in the office or because their friends are more fluent than they and they want to be able to keep up if the conversation switches to english as it is liable to do around foreigners ( and not just the native english speaking ones ) . 
  i very much doubt that the chinese market has developed to the stage where you have many pensioners piling in for evening classes . 
  yeah , but there you go , visa restrictions are yet another factor that can impact the supply and demand dynamic . 
  my point is merely that market booms are inherently unpredictable otherwise they would n't be booms at all . 
  par *, 
  what do you think this is ? 
  mainland europe ? 
  edit : i meant that in the sense of , do you actually expect the uk to run a competent unemployment programme ? 
  most london homes have a toilet in the bathroom in fact it 's nothing to do with london as you seem to have been all so ready to assume ( seems to me like you 've got a of londonphobia to be honest ) . 
  in the past it was more common for small houses ( built for factory workers usually ) , to have a separate toilet / bathroom because during the 50s and 60s outhouses became a thing of the past and everyone had indoor plumbing fitted . 
  typically a downstairs toilet was fitted because it was cheaper and not such a big job . 
  this was true for all industrial and built up cities , not just london . 
  bear in mind that all these houses already had a bathroom without a toilet upstairs . 
  why the houses originally had an outhouse harks back to the days when only the rich could afford real plumbing . 
  the poor might have to do with a water pipe to pipe the water to a fire heated boiler if they were lucky . 
  these days however , it 's more common for such houses to have had additional plumbing work done on them so that they now have both a toilet downstairs and a bathroom with a toilet in it upstairs . 
  the point of that whole bit was merely to show that the term `` bathroom '' in the uk refers to the room with the bath in it , and that you should ask for the toilet and not the bathroom unless you 're genuinely looking for somewhere to wash yourself . 
  these days bathrooms without toilets are quite rare in the uk ( although probably more frequent than in the us due to the age of the housing ) . 
  if you watch the video carefully they 've filmed that bathroom carefully in the video so that the toilet can not be seen . 
  there are still older houses in which it 's not worth fitting a toilet in the bathroom ( usually because they have a separate upstairs toilet just metres away ) , and many foreigners having never lived in an old building might find this unusual . 
  sounds pretty normal southern middle class to me mate . 
  i 'd watch that !, 
  lol you said `` jetting off to unis '' . 
  i hope you realise how strange that sounds to anyone who lives in an average sized country . 
  i fear a lot of these studies only account for whether the job could be performed by a computer in theory , rather than looking at whether the job is important enough to warrant human controlling it . 
  for example , we may well have self driving freight vehicles within the next decade or so , but we wo n't be comfortable with deadly 40 tonne vehicles zipping around the roads at high speed without a human ready to step in an take control for many decades after that . 
  this could go two ways . 
  it could make a job like hgv driver more unskilled , as the computer can handle it 99.9 % of the time , or it could make a job like that require a more technical skills set e.g the ability to run diagnostics on the vehicle to ensure it 's performing optimally , making sure it 's responding correctly to weather conditions , being ready to take over manual control in case of a problem , in much the same way that pilot does albeit on a smaller less complicated scale . 
  i can vividly remember being like 6 years old and thinking all black people / asian people looked the same . 
  i used to get the black and indian kids in my school confused all the time . 
  as i got older it was a problem that went away completely . 
  thank god for this link , else i would still think i were the reincarnation of hitler . 
  that thing can fuck off !, 
  to be fair it was only americans getting pissed about teletubbies . 
  in the uk where it was made nobody gave a fuck . 
  [ this was quite good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nxqmmz2jbri ) but if i remember correctly it did n't play well with some audiences . 
  looks like the original video has been taken down for too much shit in the comments section . 
  i 'm a bigot for noting that conservative religious people in the us were up in arms about male alien in a children 's programme having a handbag ? 
  k mate keep taking the medication . 
  for the american 's that 's more like woo-stuh-shee-uh, 
  woo-stuh-shuh is also acceptable in my opinion , but i know around the midlands it 's more like shee-uh , which is the same way we pronounce the word `` sheer '' . 
  i 've been there , it 's possibly the dullest most mediocre town going , devoid of any charm and the highlights are that it has a lot of roundabouts . 
  lol that 's actually pretty wrong . 
  he says it more like wuu stuh sheer , with the long - u on the first syllable as in a word like `` glue '' , when in fact it 's a short vowel as in `` foot '' . 
  that is the official british pronunciation , that everyone uses , of course , accents can make it sound different . 
  for example , people in the south west where people sound like pirates they would pronounce the first and final - r ( but not the middle one , because cester is always `` stuh '' in this word regardless of your accent ) . 
  if you 're a yank who pronounces the letter - r in all positions it would properly be realised as :, 
  war ( like the word `` war '' ) + stuh ( with the same vowel you might use in a word like `` gut '' ) + sheer ( exactly how you 'd say the word `` sheer '' ) . 
  the stress is on the first syllable . 
  however , this is how it would be said by americans if it were a normal english word . 
  a more `` native '' pronunciation as used by most british people would n't pronounce any of the - r sounds in this word . 
  worcester ( the city ) = woo-stuh, 
  worcestershire ( the county or `` shire '' if you want ) = woo-stuh-shee-uh ( although in a typical american accent it would be war-stuh-sheer ), 
  wistah = boston accent version of `` woo-stuh '', 
  the sauce is actually `` worcestershire sauce '' but calling it `` worcester sauce '' is also acceptable . 
  does make me laugh as a brit . 
  neither of us pronounce those irritating - r 's but to me while we say a word like `` hitter '' as `` hit-tuh '' you east coast yanks are like `` hid-ah '' . 
  australians and cockneys from london are like `` hitt-ah '' . 
  and regular yanks are like `` hidderrrrr '', 
  is the skatepark still there ? 
  that place looked like it was rotting last time i there . 
  great way to get 2 inch splinters in your legs . 
  at which point you 're a composer and not a guitarist . 
  i 'm sure it 's amazing but does anyone really like that kind of super fast guitar music . 
  it gives me a headache after a while . 
   i googled it and found this interesting take on the etymology of '' - cester '' towns .
