  the only thing that i can think might make this more like a studio would be if there were no locked door to get to the corridor where the bathroom is , which would theoretically make it open to anyone in the building . 
  i know this would be illegal in germany because a unitary dwelling can not be sold without its own functional bathroom here , no kitchen is fine , many people opting for simple kitchen solutions like electric hotplates built into a surface and a microwave instead of an oven . 
  ultimately without evidence these are just more allegations about someone in the public eyes . 
  no offence but this just typical community self hating bullshit . 
  listening to qqers was the reason the game went to shit in the first place . 
  blizzard could easily make it very clear what the rules were from the start . 
  no new content , no balance changes , just the game as it was . 
  as for wotlk , i do n't see why blizzard ca n't make legacy servers for every expansion they 've ever done , or start with vanilla and tbc and work towards that goal . 
  although i doubt the demand would be high demand for much beyond wotlk . 
  hell , if blizzard does n't want to actually deal with any of this shit they could license their content to a 3rd party who takes on the responsibility for the upkeep and any changes made . 
  that company could then pay blizzard money for that licence and people could play money to directly to the third party . 
  other games have done stuff like this successfully . 
  stop being some community bashing self hating idiot . 
  nobody on nostalrius was asking for changes , the only changes they were wanted were ones that would make the game more authentically like the blizzard original such as fixing scripting errors or whatever . 
  i am using my head . 
  i 've seen how the community worked with 150k players on nostalrius . 
  the rule was that this was meant to be the original game , it was not a game that was under development , people would rage more at the slightest thing that was different from the original , not at the things that were n't good in the original . 
  everyone understood this , if they did n't want the authentic experience then they did n't play the server , simple as that . 
  do n't compare the hypothetical legacy community with the modern day cry babies the wow community as now become , the people were there because they were enthusiastic for the way things were , not because they wanted to see a new game developed from the old content . 
  a small amount of ragers would probably complain it was too hard or that they could n't play their enh shaman in naxx raids or whatever but so fucking what . 
  they would soon go back to sit in their garrisons . 
  blizzard simply needs to take a tough line of `` the legacy servers are people who want to play the game as it was then and nothing else , if you do n't want that then we offer a constantly evolving game with our latest expansions . '', 
  simple as that . 
  just because some people cry about it does n't affect them whatsoever . 
   pretending you know better when you 're quoting numbers from people who clearly had an agenda means you 're not of sound mind enough to think about this logically . 
  you clearly spend too much time playing video games and not enough time understanding human nature . 
  shut the fuck up plato . 
  `` human nature '' lol . 
  i barely have get a few hours a week for gaming , what time i did have i would spend playing a blizzlike vanilla server because that 's what i enjoyed doing . 
  all we 're asking for is an opportunity to do that without having our servers banned . 
  stop being so fucking full of yourself as if you were in some special position to know how the community would react to legacy servers you sanctimonious cunt . 
  you 're sanctimonious because you 're acting exactly like you know how the community would react , as if you were some great philosopher with a deep understanding of human nature . 
  yes there will always be qqers , as there already are , the fact is that these people are irrelevant . 
  ** legacy ** server , the clue is in the name , if you do n't want to play a fossilised version of the game then do n't play that server . 
   take a hard line ? 
  similar to how they 're taking a hard line now by saying `` no '' to legacy servers ? 
  see ? 
  you yourself ca n't even keep from asking blizzard to make changes !, 
   i 'm sanctimonious because i 'm not telling blizzard to take a hard line except when i feel change is needed ? 
  you 're a fucking walking contradiction !, 
  nice straw man . 
  we 're not asking blizzard to change anything , we 're asking for the game we paid for in 2004 , 2007 and 2008 . 
  it 's not just me , it 's hundreds of thousands , perhaps millions of players . 
  there are so many solutions to this . 
  blizzard could allow private servers . 
  blizzard could license private servers through a 3rd party . 
  blizzard could make legacy servers . 
  runescape did it , everquest did it , other mmos have done it in the past . 
  it 's not asking for anything unreasonable . 
  fact is blizzard taking this stance wo n't change anything . 
  there are already servers going up in places like russia , ukraine , the nordic countries , places where blizzard would find it near impossible to close them down by legal means . 
  closing nostalrius is nothing more than chopping the head off the hydra , and they 're just showing what myopic idiots they are by closing this one down . 
  i found that grind to be fun . 
  it took initiative . 
  sure i used a guide , but it was enjoyable to test yourself in that way . 
  maybe it could 've been toned down a bit , the changes that came at the end of tbc were n't the end of the world , but it 's better for it to be too hard than too easy , that 's where the challenge comes from . 
  i 'm still sceptical . 
  i fear it 's just a film to pander to the american audiences who they know will flock to see a hp universe film set in the us . 
  so what you 're saying is that correct grammar bothers you ? 
  this will be a problem since it 's procedural . 
  ultimately there can only be a few hundred species , maybe with randomised skin colours and textures and abilities . 
  there are can only be so many alien races , again with randomised qualities . 
  planets will ultimately just be variations of each other . 
  that 's not to say that there ca n't be hundreds of hours of quality gameplay there if the game is good , however ultimately there will come a point where it feels like you 've seen everything despite obviously never having explored the whole universe . 
  here ... listen to some human music ... beep boop beep boop . 
  i guess you need to practise your english . 
  it is like an american tradition to get overly invested in children 's sports . 
  that said you always get one or two loud cunts at kids football matches , maybe we should deport them your way they 'd fit right in . 
  this is a very musically complex song to sing . 
  what 's shocking as well is how low and developed her voice is , she sound like a mezzo-soprano or even a contralto . 
  it 's highly unusual for girls to sing well in these vocal ranges at a young age . 
  school kids not high schoolers, 
  yes , it 's just a bit of campy fun really , dr. who always has been . 
  it 's the kind of thing the whole family can sit around and watch from young children to your nan . 
  i do n't understand people who see it as this emotional rollercoaster , and i do n't know why it has such huge fandom around the world especially in the us . 
  it 's just light entertainment really . 
  fair enough . 
  i 'm not saying there 's anything wrong with it , it 's just surprising that 's all . 
  so do n't call them that . 
  high schooler is n't a term that can be applied anywhere . 
  next time i see something on the us i 'll call them us sixth formers shall i and see how quickly that gets downvoted . 
  also it looks like some of them are wearing school ties . 
  it 's nothing to do with metric . 
  calling british kids high schoolers is like talking about american cosmonauts or barristers . 
  it does n't make sense . 
  stop trying to fit your regionalisms on a context where it does n't fit . 
  it only makes you look ignorant . 
   that 's because they 're not in 6th form , they 're in high school . 
  you realise school stops at 16 in the uk ? 
  there are two highly significant fundamental differences between common law practices and civil law ( sometimes called roman law ) practices . 
  that 's not to say that there are n't many other differences , or that each individual civil or common law does n't have its quirks or variations , or that there are no mixed law systems . 
  the first is to do with the law itself . 
  civil law is usually what we 'd call codified , insofar as it is written explicitly as rules by a the legislative and/or judicial body ( ies ) of the country . 
  rules like `` murder is defined as x and shall carry a sentence between y and z years '' . 
  common law however is precedential in that the bulk of the laws are defined by precedent i.e. 
  what other judges have deemed to be just in previous cases . 
  when interpreting the law judges and legal representatives will call on what previous judges have decided and that can be used to support an argument whilst in civil law what other judges have decided is less important . 
  precedent can be overturned in common law but not easily . 
  another thing to note is that common law systems still have a form of codified law that comes from the legislature ( the government body of elected officials ) called legislation . 
  when you see elected politicians debating new laws on television , it 's legislation that they are debating , laws created by the government , these come in the form of statutes and are sometimes known as acts .
