  whiny nasal accents sound dutch to me . 
  the pennsylvania accent sounds slightly scandinavian . 
  boston accent can sound irish . 
  refined east coast accents sound closer to british . 
  well spoken southern accents sound closer to british . 
  louisiana sort of creole accents sounds french influenced . 
  to answer op the only american accents that sound attract to me are the rarer less common ones like a southern belle or a bostin brahmin . 
  the more common rhotic and non-rhotic accents are n't nice on the ears and i think i speak for quite a few britons in saying this . 
  it 's kinda jarring especially in real life , if you watch an american film or programme you just block it out . 
  calls british accents nasal and likes american accents ? 
  you realise one of the biggest differences between to the two is americans using nasal sounds , much like french ? 
  each to their own . 
  no just no . 
  because the napoleonic war was virtually over . 
  also the british only impressed sailors they had a legitimate claim to , many of whom were royal navy mutineers . 
  nobody in 1812 was going to start a war over the rights of a few sailors . 
  ultimately the war was about canada , the still infantile us taking a poke at the british whilst they were preoccupied with greater threats , although in typical modern american propaganda style people make it about moral issues like citizenship . 
  america 's war was a failure and nothing more than nuance to the british who were fighting the french . 
  act like they are the normal ones and everyone else is weird . 
  you sound like a pompous self-important loud opinionated arsehole to me . 
  you ca n't argue with the facts so you do n't , well done . 
  ok why do n't you pick up history book and find out . 
  i have no chip on my shoulder , i just think it 's laughable that the us is so insecure in its history it tries to claim 1812 as a victory . 
  when all it was was a minor skirmish in which america lost far more valuable resources than it could squander for no gain . 
  why is she so fat , yet the girl in the shop is n't ? 
  it 's a programme where people try and get real money investment , nobody cares if you 're nice if you 're useless and unrealistic . 
  do you mean lift ? 
  nasal sounds and the letter - r really grate on the ear relative to my plummy british accent . 
  like when an american people say the word `` can '' that - n is often so nasal , and the - r sounds americans make is really in vocal fry territory which kind of reminds me of a frog ribbiting . 
  british sounds nice to me because it sounds so precise and sounds are often made with the tip of the tongue , this also seems to mean that british people do n't need to talk as loudly since the consonant sounds are more important . 
  it 's nothing to do with history . 
  there are a number of reasons why people dislike americans overall . 
  one is cultural ignorance , i 'm afraid that when brits , irish , aussies , kiwis , south africans and even to a lesser canadians ( these guys do n't really fit anywhere ) , interact there 's usually a lot of common ground despite coming from totally different corners of the globe . 
  americans on the other hand do n't seem to fit into this , to americans all our ways are so foreign and they act like everything is so quaint and different , in a way that other anglophonic nations just do n't . 
  historically america has really cut itself off from the rest of the anglophonic world . 
  at my school in the uk we had a bunch of aussies , a couple south africans , a few irish and i think one american who only stayed a year or two . 
  americans on the whole seem a lot more `` foreign '' , and see anglophonic non-americans as closer to the french or germans than themselves . 
  whatever shared culture there was seems to have been replaced by the usa # 1 centre of the universe mentality . 
  often americans come across as naively thinking that the rest of the world is just like america but smaller , and then they freak out when things are done differently . 
  their outrage often gives the impression they think the american way is superior and genuinely are pissed off by the absence of dunkin doughnuts or whatever . 
  sometimes i think you 'd find that british people that seem rude are n't really being so , but really just are n't interested in interacting that much . 
  i mean in america that kid who 's just arrived from the middle east and does n't know the first thing about the culture is n't going to suddenly be included in everything because he lacks the cultural understanding to just gel with a group , sadly americans face the same fate in the uk whereas other anglophonic nations less so . 
  what is acceptable socially in america is n't acceptable here . 
  if you tell a story to an american how often will he just immediately churn out his own counter story . 
  how many comparisons is he going to make with america when you show him stuff as if it were a competition ? 
  we 're a sarky and humble bunch , you 'll probably make more friends here by talking ill of yourself than selling yourself to people . 
  interactions with americans are weird and too often is n't worth bothering with , it feels very difficult to get through to the real side of an american , too much superficiality . 
  seems very easy to be `` friends '' with an american but really it feels like a relationship of convenience , when making friends in the uk it 's basically saying `` i 'm preparing to prioritise you over everyone else except my other friends '' , sadly being friends with a yank is like saying `` i know your name and we 've had a conversation before , and i 'd be prepared to hang around with you until one of us gets bored or a better offer came along . '', 
  in extreme cases americans seem completely unrelatable , like a bunch of individual consumers that only cooperate when it benefits them . 
  i mean imagine a group of americans half of who want to go see a horror film and half of which want to see a comedy , seems to me the american thing to do would be split up and see your respective films , whilst in the uk this would be very rude since its the shared experience that takes priority over individual preference . 
  well that 's just unfair , as a briton first off the rest of the world seems quite friendly towards us excluding a few places like argentina , we get a lot less hate than yanks overall . 
  nobody in britain expects anyone to take after us . 
  but sadly it 's just not practical to deal with the culture differences and befriend an american . 
  in certain situations british people will befriend americans they 're not actively disliked , just known to be different . 
  the simple truth of the matter is you are more foreign to us and we to you than any other european founded anglophone nation , we ca n't help that and neither can you . 
  but it does explain why americans do n't necessary come to the uk and gel with everyone and make best pals . 
  yes those cultural stereotypes exist for a reason . 
  what is normal in america , what is even considered honest and forthright , is often perceived as rude , insensitive or selfish here . 
  two nations divided by a common tongue and all that . 
  i 'm just saying it as i find it , it seems much more difficult to feel like you 've connected with an american , i 'm often left confused as to whether we 've really bonded or you 're just like that all the time , it 's just the way it is . 
  `` a state of affairs or an event that seems deliberately contrary to what one expects and is often wryly amusing as a result . '', 
  you see this is contrary to what we expect because this is what we expect people to be saying about america , especially her politics , nationalism , sarah palin etc. 
  but then you 're saying it about russia , thus irony . 
  russia may be homophobic , but you 've got people in america saying that access to water is n't a human right , that evolution is a lie , that abortion is immoral and so forth , you 've also a bunch of poor people that campaign for the rights of millionaires to pay less taxes which is the definition of brainwashed , people in glass houses should n't throw stones . 
  if they 'd chopped off your cock at birth you would n't miss it either . 
  but britons do n't hate americans , they just do n't endear themselves to us as readily as other nationalities . 
  whilst other anglophone nations generally do endear themselves to us . 
  british people are n't anti-foreign people either . 
  i was just trying to explain why some americans have bad experiences . 
  i would put it down to this , intelligent british people consider themselves very internationalist , and will know about cultures . 
  feels like americans are lazy in that regard and do n't know anything about our ways , so they are on the outside a bit and have to win over british people by showing they are n't ignorant before they 'll win us over . 
  we do n't dislike cultural differences either , but whilst there is excuses for indians and chinese people , it feels like americans have no excuses for not knowing other english speaking cultures and its wearisome sometimes . 
  on the other side of the coin being a briton in america can feel very patronising at times , as if you were some strange exotic thing and not the country that gave you your language and law a mere 200 years previous . 
  yeah well this is exactly the attitude we have a problem with , because funnily we do take an interest in other cultures be it american , australian or south african . 
  we 're not expecting you to be a vestige of our former empire , but it seems to us that your desire to distinguish yourself from the rest of the anglophone world has gone too far into complete ignorance . 
  as you said , a non-american anglophone may as well be from bangladesh from an american standpoint . 
  but that 's not true for the rest of the anglosphere , there is a kinship that americans very purposely remove themselves from , which is why they not endear themselves to us easily . 
  ironically you can see the vestiges of british influence in america everywhere from your language to your legal system , politics and plenty more . 
  yet the american unwillingness to see us as anything else but strange foreigners is tiresome . 
  we do not do the same to you , to us america is another anglophone country like any other , the days of empire as well in the past , so why is still a constant need for americans to try and distance themselves ? 
  is it any wonder americans have to go the extra length to win the friendship of britons when they 're in our country ? 
  yes well that is true to an extent . 
  but this is the 21st century and whilst we have american programmes , we also have aussie programmes , the majority of popular programmes here are british . 
  naturally we will watch the best of american programming like breaking bad or game of thrones . 
  our news covers things going on all over the world , from japan to america . 
  even as if there was no hollywood the uk would still be interested in world events which the us is part of . 
  point is maybe there was a time when american exceptionalism and self-referential nature was necessary , to distinguish themselves from their british roots and form their own identities . 
  but that time is long gone . 
  i think it 's the opinion most of the world that it 's time for americans to become citizens of the world and realise that looking outward to other cultures does n't detract from their own . 
  maybe this is starting to happen with some uk programmes becoming popular and the internet making us more globalised . 
  but imo until americans start to recognise themselves as part of a shared world culture then they will always be at a disadvantage travelling abroad with people seeing them as outsiders and different . 
  i 'm sorry but i disagree . 
  you may be global financially but you are not global culturally except maybe in your cuisine as almost everywhere is these days . 
  these stereotypes whilst obviously not applying to everyone are not entirely unjustified . 
  truth is many americans are culturally insular , the fact that many americans go to the bbc for world news is testimony to this , and is a great irony for a nation founded on a mixture of foreign influences . 
  noone expects americans to give britain special status , merely to be more involved in world culture . 
  look stereotypes do n't come from nowhere . 
  yes it 's a generalisation , of course worldly americans exist it 's not true of everyone . 
  but you only need look at how many americans have passports , or browse any american new outlet and see the preponderance of national news , to see the difference . 
  the british in ibiza are yobs nobody is denying that , and i would n't say we were that worldly compared to other eu states .
