  if anything brexit has made me realise is that it 's a vastly complex web of personal , political , and cultural sentiment that defines these problems and therefore what seems to many to be the obviously logical rational course of action is n't always clear to many people due to their emotional and intellectual relationship with the world . 
  in a democracy it 's no good saying , `` people are wrong '' . 
  you must say `` how did we fail to prevent this ? '' . 
  with brexit will from a more detached and informed view point brexit seemed , on the scale of things , a less than ideal way to proceed . 
  even if the eu are headed for an ever closer union , and even if immigration has put strain on some communities , and even if you take a pretty negative view of the eu generally , bailing out like we 're planning to never made sense . 
  however , there is an inherently emotional component to existence and the uk let 's things get fester and people are angry then it 's prone to seemingly irrational behaviours . 
  ultimately , the germans do n't have a problem with the eu not because they 're any smarter or even any more educated really , it 's not because they 're even more politically aware ... the germans do n't have a problem with the eu because they have a system of governance that more people feel works for them . 
  the do this through a strange combination of regulation , taxation , and protectionism as well as at times heavy handed pro-capitalist policy aimed at keeping the country working . 
  simply put , fewer people in germany wake up feeling like the system is working against them and that they 're being shafted by corrupt bastards . 
  some do , especially some of the immigrant populations , but it 's not the norm . 
  if you did n't want us to use your words , the normans should n't have fucking come here . 
  they 're our words now mofo . 
  not really . 
  also depends on the region . 
  `` chance '' can be shonce , sharnce or sharncer . 
  difference is that english is over 1/3 norman french derived whereas german really `` loans '' french words and they stand out more . 
   from latin , where the u is n't silent . 
  keep your dirty papist latin pronunciation out of my language . 
  seriously though , english had a different model for the pronunciation of latin ( in fact at one point most countries had their own latin `` accent '' ) . 
  no countries have their latinate words based in a real scientific linguistic reconstruction of roman pronunciation ( which obviously was constantly changing through the centuries ) as such an understanding of spoken latin has existed for far less time than european languages so your point is moot anyway . 
  the whole of europe has butchered `` roman latin '' for so many centuries that it hardly matters . 
  also given that latin is a dead language it does n't really matter if we say `` cis-er-roe '' or `` kik-er-ro '' , or `` veye-vat '' or `` vee-vat '' . 
  if you want to go for accuracy then reconstructed latin is the only choice , and that mean a word like `` vandalieren '' in german should be pronounced with an english - w. 
  it a stupid fucking word to be honest . 
   practicing . 
  it 's also worth noting that the anglician church has it 's own ecclesiastical latin which i believe differs from the one used by the catholic church . 
  from what i 've heard `` vivat regina '' would be `` vee-vat reg-eena '' in the italian based ecclesiastical but has historically been pronounced `` veye-vat reg-eyena '' in britain . 
  i think there are 5 pronunciations i 'm aware of , anglican and catholic ecclesiastical , the historical academic used in britain vs the historical academic used in europe , and the now linguistically reconstructed pronunciation . 
  make the sound you would in the word `` foot '' ( without the - f or the - t ) , but before you make the sound , put your lips in the same round position you would if you were about to say `` oh '', 
  it 's really just an orthographical error , like writing they 're for their . 
  `` would of '' and `` would 've '' sound identical in many dialects . 
  really caring about grammar and spelling and taking all minor mistakes to indicate a lack of intelligence or education is the sign of a small mind that never got out of the prescriptive primary school phase i 'm afraid . 
  which is why we now have the word naivety , the more anglicised version . 
  man , only in the us , i could never understand why all the americans put the stress on the 2nd syllable . 
  americans have a funny approach to dealing with foreign words , they tend to get the same treatment regardless of their source language . 
  ... friend !, 
  tfw shit 's both flooded and on fire yo . 
  1 ) do n't usually take exams to get entry on a course , there are exceptions though , i think many medical schools do this . 
  if they want anything more than your school grades then it will probably be an interview . 
  2 ) exams tend to be taken either annually or half-yearly . 
  depending on the course and the university . 
  the academic year is split into trimesters ( known as terms ) . 
  the most major set of exams is typically in may , some schools do exams before or immediately after christmas as typically you do two sets of modules each year . 
  3 ) high schools grades are typically the primary criteria by which universities determine who is to be admitted . 
  personal statement is important as it can make the difference in a borderline case , but it does n't have to be anything utterly world changing , just a solid statement of your interests , experience , knowledge etc. 
  overall the british university system is less instructive than most european universities in my experience . 
  for example many universities on the continent have a system whereby first you simply memorise a bunch of information , which you are expected to regurgitate it back to the professors to demonstrate your knowledge , often in an oral exam , then you have a completely separate type of examination that aims to test your ability to apply what you 've learnt , which might be oral or might be written . 
  british universities do n't bother testing your knowledge . 
  exams are rarely of a form that simply expects you to correctly answer questions on information you 've learnt . 
  your knowledge of the subject area is assumed and if you lack that knowledge it is assumed to show up when you try to implement your skills . 
  also british universities rarely have oral examinations ( things like languages obviously being exceptions ) , as they 're considered to be too subjective , so most everything you do will involve either producing a piece of coursework over a number of weeks , or sitting an exam that aims to pose you a problem you 're expected to solve or present you an opinion that you are meant to analyse , and then you put forward your own position with reference to sources and personal argumentation . 
  the british academic system is just way more literary than most of europe , you 're expected to jump right in there and start forming intelligent arguments and opinions rather than simply make explicit what a source material said , and everything is done with the written word . 
  also british universities tend to focus on seminar discussion for learning , where you have a small group discussing the topic led by either a professor or a phd student , which is your one opportunity to better clarify what was said in the lectures . 
  continental universities tend to rely more on large lectures where you 're expected to really internalise what the lecturer has told you ( because you might be expected to regurgitate that info at some point ) . 
  ultimately i think the uk system has pros and cons . 
  a big pro is that it takes a lot of tedium out of things as have 100 % recall on certain topics is n't really necessary ( in fact you can prioritise the topics you like and study less what you do n't like as long as you 're sure you 've learnt enough that you 'll be able to answer enough questions from a selection given on an exam paper ) . 
  the big con is that you 're expected to be more auto-didactic , you 're more or less let loose on a subject area and will sink or swim based on your own diligence and intellectual ability , as you do n't have the safety net of knowing explicitly that you will be tested on x , y , and z and thus must learn that information by heart . 
  yes , but english latin pronunciation was also influenced by norman french , so it 's a bit of a moot point . 
  the english certainly did have a latin pronunciation before the norman invasion though as it was still used as a lingua franca . 
  being the lingua franca of the aristocracy and clergy made it much more of a living language then than it is now , and each region most likely had its own latin accent that was influenced by its own dialect . 
   it 's roots , while influenced by latin and romanced language for almost a thousand years , still remains in the west germanic language . 
  only because of the linguistic-historical definitions we give to words like germanic and romance . 
  i often hear people on reddit talking about how germanic english is , as if this somehow undermined the french norman influence . 
  norman french is no more a foreigner to english than old saxon in many ways . 
   do you think that uk universities prepare their students better or worse than how eu universities do ? 
  this question is too general . 
  uk universities get people practising harder academic skills earlier than most other countries . 
  students are expected to be like little academics , self-directed in their learning , and all the focus is on what you can produce at the end rather than your participation in a learning process ( it 's perfectly possible to attend 0 lectures but get a 1st class degree if you are someone who reads the course material vivaciously ) . 
  it benefits people who naturally take up that disposition and tends to get people ready to start real research earlier in their academic careers . 
  on the other hand in less prestigious universities and with weaker students this approach can be a bit farcical , as they wo n't be producing work of any academic merit but will have to be given a mark for it anyway . 
  reading a first year 's essay can be a bit of a joke but often it will show signs of poor understanding of the material but asides from the low grade and maybe some feedback scrawled on the paper there wo n't be any energy put into correcting that student 's understanding . 
  this is why so much focus is put on getting a good degree ( 2,1 or higher ) from a prestigious institution . 
  also not all uk courses are like this of course , i 'm generalising a lot . 
  science and engineering tend to be way more hands on you 're expected to be in labs for hours everyday alongside ordinary lectures and self-study . 
  in these highly factual topics a lot more focus is put on correct knowledge , but usually tested with a problem solving approach rather than expecting students to explicitly recall information . 
  european universities are more scholastic and churn out people with a very thorough knowledge of their subject are but do n't necessarily teach academic skills as readily ( which in some ways is better because most people at uni do n't go on to become academics , then again , what use is an incredibly thorough understanding of german idealism in the job market , surely it 's those more general critical thinking skills that are more useful to employers ) . 
  in my experience , this university style matches the british education system , which puts a lot of focus on writing essays under exam conditions and coursework . 
  it 's not unusual for foreign students to feel completely overwhelmed and confused when jumping into the university education system , and they tend to complain that they have been told by the professors explicitly what they need to produce , nor do they have the experience of writing long essays both as coursework and under timed conditions that one gets from sitting gcses and a-levels . 
  the reality is that they 're simply expected to produce something of academic merit , but what that is precisely is left up to them to some degree . 
  grading is often different too , as in the uk you often get marked on a bell curve against your peers ( another reason why a good university is important , a cracking 1st from nottingham trent probably is n't worth a the same as a low 2 ; 1 from cambridge . ) . 
  european and american universities have more exams that are based on giving answers to questions that are either correct or incorrect , this makes it easier to get 100 % ( almost nobody gets more than about 80 % in the uk ) , but it also means that if you fuck up you can drop you grades horribly ( a really bad passing grade is like 40-50 % ) . 
  i see the european model as being more thorough while the british model as being more dynamic , but again it 's a massive generalisation . 
  countries where education is more heavily nationalised tend to have more similar standards across the board , british universities differ very much in terms of the quality of graduate they produce . 
  one great thing about british universities is that they do n't make you jump through hoops ( no mandatory pointless requirements to study topics that are n't you thing in the name of liberal arts ) , and you can become qualified very quickly ( 3 years for a bachelors , 1-2 years for a masters ) compared with europe where 6-7 years to get a masters is really common . 
  also because britain has always has `` bachelor 's and masters '' along bologna lines , employers respect bachelors as real full degrees , whereas on the continent saying you have a bachelors is often like saying `` i did n't really succeed at university and dropped out as soon as i could walk away saying i got a qualification '' , as more students go on to do masters which are seen as equivalent to diplomas . 
  whereas diplomas are n't really a thing in the same sense in the anglo-world . 
  an education at a british university is very much what you make of it . 
  if you want to be a lazy shit at a 2nd rate institution do nothing but get drunk and high , barely touch the books , and walk away with a paper stating you 're a graduate you can ( and the job market is free to judge you as it sees fit ) , or you can jump straight into an academic approach and start demonstrating your ability as an intellectual immediately without having to learn to crawl before you can walk . 
  surely the most effective propaganda films are ones where the viewer does n't know it 's propaganda . 
  scary thought . 
  still like x4 more likely to be murdered in the us , and that 's not including police shooting that were deemed lawful even if the police fucked up . 
  arguably a democratic system that you have to explain to people in order for them to understand why it 's democratic is n't doing what a democracy is meant to do . 
   it seems like there are a lot of people on uk tv who ca n't pronounce ` r ' . 
  you are wrong . 
  that is n't true . 
  if you 're really talking about `` rhoticity '' then you do n't seem to understand that most british accents are non-rhotic . 
  we do n't consider your - r to be correct . 
  in fact , using an american-like - r at the end of words like car and bar will make it much harder for you to land tv roles because it 's considered a regional accent . 
  if this is what you mean then i 'm afraid it 's your nation that has the `` speech impediment '' ( a stupid way to look at a whole community of speakers btw , a speech impediment is when people ca n't pronounce a sound , that sound not being part of their language or dialect however is totally different ) . 
  if you mean people who ca n't pronounce the british - r , the one that only occurs at the start of syllables , there are barely any people who ca n't pronounce this sound working in media .
