  america seems more adverse to this idea . 
  that 's pathetic lol , it 's a train . 
  pff sir tophum hatt ? 
  everyone knows he 's the fat controller . 
  to be fair building your abs can make your stomach a bit flater too . 
  i think you 'll find [ it 's you who is wrong ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tetris#music ) although kalinka was featured on one of the nes versions . 
  well i was n't suggesting that it we do n't get hard sales , i just think we 're a lot more uncomfortable with it . 
  it 's not such a common occurrence imo . 
  people in the us are more likely to admire their enterprise , in europe it 's more likely to be seen as pushy or rude . 
  what ? 
  people finding enthusiastic salesmen obnoxious ? 
  i think it 's just a kneejerk reaction . 
  the protective mythos behind homosexual rights is that if homosexual behaviour is determined entirely by forces outside of a person 's control then they account be held to account . 
  it helps it make headway in more conservative circles . 
  but this makes the mistake of assuming there 's anything to be held account for . 
  at best you might see a correlation between certain genetic traits and homosexuality , that 's as far as modern science could determine , and that 's no reason to assume that sexuality is preprogrammed into our genes as if we were n't self-aware individuals capable of making our own minds up about our preferences . 
  you may see a correlation between certain genes and aggressive dominant behaviour too , but that 's no reason to assume that people with those traits can not be anything but aggressive dominant people . 
  i 'm sure one day the concept of genetic predetermination of sexual preference will be seen as unnecessary but right now i do n't think it 's something people are ready for since it has n't been so long since the whole concept of being different sexually was abhorred . 
  i blame films like taken for spreading some weird ideas about europe in some parents heads . 
  you 're probably safer in most of europe than in half of the big american cities . 
  i do n't understand this . 
  vegetables are really cheap compared to meat where i am . 
  if i just ate vegetable stews with a bit of rice and salads and stuff i 'd save a tonne of money . 
  what on earth do you eat that is both unhealthy and cheap because i ca n't think of anything ? 
  finding food that is both cheap and convenient is much harder , it 's the preparation time if anything . 
  [ british did it ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ghost_army#history_and_deployment ) ( first ), 
  i guess you 're right about that , frozen food can be very cheap sometimes but with barely any nutrients . 
  `` boxed dinners '' or ready meals as we call them here tend to be expensive ( # 3-4 ) and do n't work out cost efficient at all . 
   living in england, 
   high school, 
  something does n't add up !, 
  we 're blessed in england the worst of our stupid people have n't mastered computers yet on account of them being `` gay '' , unless you count misspelled facebook updates sent from iphone5s whilst in the dole queue . 
  woman in arkansas asked me , a briton , whether we have trees in europe . 
  she was basically considering the possibility that trees were indigenous to america . 
  somehow even 10 year old me was much smarter than that lady . 
  i disagree , look at a fat belly with no ab work , it will be much bulgier at the bottom beneath the navel . 
  do ab work and the upper part of your stomach will develop more and create a more even shape . 
  off to the colonies with this one . 
  i know i was just being a dick because we do n't have `` high school '' in the uk , although occasionally a school will call themselves `` xxxx high school '' , we have senior school 11-16 and ( sixth form ) college for 16-18 . 
  i 'm afraid idea that fat makes you fat is a myth , excess carbs makes you fat , fat just makes you unhealthy . 
  well done on losing weight but it was n't cutting out fat that did it . 
  it 's a song about a peddler who meets a beautiful girl in a rye field , he offers her his wares at a cheap price , it 's implied they make love in the night , but before he leaves to sell the rest of his wares she refuses what he 's given her taking nothing but a ring to remember him by saying , who am i go around dressed all fancy without a fianc\u00e9 ? 
  what is the value of the goods without my first love ? 
  he then promises to return once he 's done with his sales and they 'll be married . 
  he goes to town and sells his wares becoming wealthy , however on the way back to girl he 's killed by a robber so he never returns . 
  why would you expect to find joy in song based on a tragic poem ? 
  have you a british passport ? 
  otherwise a visa ? 
  because that would be the first concern . 
  otherwise just come find somewhere live and look for a job . 
  people like to exaggerate the difficulty of finding a job , but imo if you 're willing to accept shit pay and near a hub of activity , as a single person it 's not as hard as everyone makes out . 
  london has loads of good places but it 's all very expensive , even in the less desirable areas rent is easily double most places in the uk . 
  fun jobs are really a matter of networking your way in there . 
  you 'll find plenty of your countrymen in any major city so you 'll just have to get busy . 
  well i do n't get your point then , it 's a sad song , lots of songs are sad . 
  seems a strange comment to make tbh . 
  lol what the fuck are * you * talking about . 
  you mention the population the of the us ? 
  how is that relevant ? 
  how does america feel ? 
  where did i mention feeling ? 
  you mention that there 's lots of entrepreneurship and capitalism in the us , is n't that exactly the point i 'm making ? 
  that americans are more likely to respect a salesman putting lots of effort in whilst europeans tend to be more inclined to tell them to fuck off and stop being so personal since you 're only trying to sell me something ? 
  i 'm well aware of how pressure selling works . 
  i was just noting how americans respect salesmanship whilst europeans are more likely to be openly hostile to it , to the point where they 'd rather queue up with their goods and ignore the staff so that they wo n't feel like their decision has been influenced at all . 
  [ nope ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/isis ), 
  tb is a bit of a dick , an endearing informative dick but a dick nonetheless . 
  he even agrees to this !, 
  it 's a really good game , but say goodbye to days of your life and hello to ocd saving and replaying so you can find out what would 've happened if you 'd done x y z, 
  woah is that actually in an episode ? 
  it would but the upper abdomen is usually underdeveloped and the first place to gain mass in my experience . 
  it 's not so much the upper abdomen is underdeveloped , it 's that most conventional abs workouts will always strain the upper abdomen more . 
  also why you get a four pack before you get a six pack . 
  the lower abdominal flab is last to go , since this is where the body prefers to store fat , and the upper abdomen develops quickest . 
  also why it 's important to do a lot of core stuff if you 're going for a six pack . 
  i suspect the chuckle brothers , those moustaches, 
  it 's [ common knowledge ] ( http://www.wikihow.com/build-lower-abs ) that lower abs are the hardest to get . 
  that 's just the nature of sit ups , crunchs etc. 
  no , she was definitely asking if we had any trees at all . 
  at best she knew how far north england was and assumed we lived in tundra . 
  well that 's not very good as a comparison , high school is 15 - 18 , secondary school is 11 -16, 
  i 'm just laughing at all the funny mistakes and language slip ups the commentators keep making , apparently there 's something going on in the olympic stadium in 2007 , also tower bridge is now the tower of london . 
  doctors really differ depending on personalities , some are great and helpful , happy to explain themselves and reassuring others think their position gives them a right to be a dick and give orders and think you should count yourself lucky to even have a moment of their time . 
  i do n't think he meant yankee football ( handegg ), 
  i believe your full of it tbh , it 's a well know fact it 's really hard to get any definition or bulk on your lower abs , google it and you 'll see enough evidence . 
  it is n't even a question of whether scientifically lower abdominals are different from upper abdominals , working out is all about appearance and everyone complains of this problem , that in itself is proof . 
  i was fucking confused when i got a lift down to london and wanted to get the train back , 27.50 !, 
  when i go down to london on the train as i do quite regularly due to having family down there it 's less than 20 quid return . 
  she was about 80 and it was the 90s , she must 've gone to school in the 20s / 30s !, 
  given where we were it 's easily possible she could 've been home schooled or worse . 
  check your - j privilege shitlords, 
  read this on tinder today `` i 'm five seven so do n't even bother if you 're not more than six foot '' , i was like seriously ? 
  it was n't really a concern since i 'm six foot when i 'm wearing shoes anyway but i was like damn , you planning on wearing six inch heels or something ? 
  do you even height ? 
  the coke 's just there so you can keep on boozing . 
  no , it was designed that way because nobody had thought of backflow prevention in ordinary kitchens back then . 
  we 're talking victorian era plumbing . 
  british - william gilbert , thomas brown , michael faraday , joseph swan , james watt . 
  europeans - volta , ampere , ohm . 
  i believe we measure electricity and related things in watts , volts , amps and ohms , not franklins .
