  and we are heading for a cliff . 
  but to continue your metophore i do n't see a cliff . 
  i see a rough but short road leading onto the destination i want to be in . 
  we see two diffrent things . 
  the only diffrence is i am willing to admit leaving increases risks . 
  it creates uncertainty and that is what effects our economy . 
  i see it getting better . 
  you do n't . 
  but you are not correct . 
  not yet anyway . 
  neither am i. 
  in several years one of us can look back and say i told you so . 
  but until then you are pissing against the wind . 
  this difference is all the people with the telescope and good viewing positions are screaming us for us to stop , and you 're sitting at the very back of the vehicle pontificating to them about how they might be wrong . 
   now in regards to my spelling being a lack of courtesy i disagree . 
  i make mistakes . 
  that 's no disrespect . 
  what 's discourteous is n't not using a spell check in the 20th century , see those words with the red squiggle beneath them ? 
  right click them and choose the correction . 
   however you have implied that i am stupid because i disagree with `` literally 99 % '' of the world 's smart people . 
  ( congrats on getting them all together and asking them one by one by the way ) which is clearly a dig at what you perceive to be my intelligence . 
  if you ca n't master spelling which do you think you can master the subtleties of geopolitics ? 
  honestly , why do you feel so confident that brexit is going to work out great when you have people with decades of experience in central banks and economics telling that it wo n't . 
  do n't you see how insanely arrogant you are being by thinking you ( and people like you ) should be making these decisions . 
  do you think manchester united would win if they were playing by popular opinion ? 
  have you genuinely convinced yourself you know more about football than a football manager , despite never having played a professional game in your life ? 
  my advice to you is stop kidding yourself that you are capable of knowing things that are clearly immensely complicated and not your area of expertise and listen to the thousands of voices in the global financial community that are telling your straight up that brexit will lead to a decline for the uk and a lost generation of poverty for no gain whatsoever . 
  clearly you genuinely walk through life convincing yourself you know about football than jose mourinho , more about cooking than gordon ramsay , more about economics than mark carny . 
  i guess you think you know more about politics than virtually every politician too , as the whole of the labour party , the lib dems , and the vast majority of the tory party were telling you not to vote for brexit . 
  you convince yourself of this all the while not knowing how to spell the word `` imagine '' . 
  one day , probably when you 're laid off in the next few years , you 'll realise that you 're a moron and you should 've listened to smarter people in order to make yourself smarter rather than blither through life convincing yourself you know better than the people society deems experts . 
  do n't know why but for the first few moments i thought she was speaking russian , but then i was like oh shit i can understand some of those words . 
  that 's nothing , i heard the americans confused their national anthem with old gentleman 's drinking song . 
  i never suggested they were . 
  however that 's how bad it would have to be for house prices to sink to good old days . 
  in reality all the will happen is that foreign investors will continue to buy up british homes with long term appreciation in mind . 
  that guy was literally hoping for the collapse of the eu in the hope of getting a cheap house , without realising that for the housing market to get significantly cheaper would require massive economic strife in the uk . 
  yes , it would require the uk to vote for it . 
  that said , i have no idea why the words `` eu army '' makes britons shit themselves in terror . 
  seems like the uk still thinks it 's 1945 as ever . 
  not to mention that every time more people fall below the poverty line the number of preventable deaths increases . 
  all those respected economists and statesmen supporting brexit , people like farage and johnson ... oh ... 
  i think we should make you `` shove it '' if you fail to pay enough tax , we still have colonies where we could send the brexiteer portion of the population who on average pay less tax than the other half . 
  literally 24 hours after the result i saw a leave voter saying `` omg leave won already , we can all shut up about it and get back to normal now please '' . 
  this person who voted leave was the kind of person who i 'd wager has never voted in a general election and never had a job in her life . 
  got pregnant when she was 15 and has lived at home with her parents ever since ... she 's 28 now . 
  despite all this she felt very strongly about going out and voting for leave , as did all her mates in a similar socio-economic situation . 
  i feel like these people threw off the polls , as they do n't usually vote . 
  for such people , politics does n't really matter because labour or tory from their perspective their life does n't change , one conviction they hold strongly though is that there 's too many foreigners , because they 've seen immigrant areas and decided they 're not as nice as the non-immigrant ones , and therefore it must be the immigrants fault , and that 's about it . 
  most of those are n't arguments . 
   try democracy being more localised instead of on a continent wide level . 
  why is that good . 
  why it it not a problem with local democracy rather than national . 
  economic separation from an entity that has a single currency without unified federal control . 
  why would we want that ? 
   retention of sovereignty . 
  why is that good ? 
  i prefer eu power over uk power , they are n't such ridiculous human beings over at the eu . 
   protection of the native culture . 
  what native culture ? 
  the only started by the saxons or the celts ? 
  where is the evidence native culture is under threat ? 
  why is it worth saving ? 
   easier to hold politicians to account . 
  will it be actually ? 
  the uk government system is terrible for this . 
  leaving a political entity which has not adapted as fast as most nation states to the refugee crisis and has actually hindered some nations trying to protect their own boarders . 
  so says you . 
   the eu tried to force less well off countries to take refugees against their will or face a fine . 
  there is a solid ethical argument for that . 
  but ultimately those countries are sovereign and the eu ca n't force it to do that . 
  most of these argument are either `` non-arguments '' like `` retain sovereignty '' , or they 're argument that have a point , but fall apart on closer analysis . 
  i 'm sorry , but when you really get down to brass tax , the arguments for leaving the eu do n't stand up . 
  we 'd be better off staying in the eu and addressing their problems separately , because most of them simply are n't caused by eu membership , or wo n't change after brexit . 
  because native british people seem the most likely to be horrible human beings . 
  shame plaid and plain do n't really sound similar if you know how plaid is actually pronounced : /, 
  that 's quite harsh . 
  if english is n't your first language accents can be hard to pinpoint . 
  facepalm, 
  i 'd be careful with that unpaid training rule . 
  there are clearly some cases where unpaid training is just the norm , despite how much it sucks . 
  what you should really do is never do any unpaid training before seeing and reading a contract first . 
  anyone who suggests you do unpaid training and that there 's a job at the end of it you can tell to fuck off . 
  i know a guy who was lured out to another country for a 3 week free training course with the promise of a job at the end and it turned out be nothing more than a con that offering them the chance to `` become self employed '' while paying a sharing of their earnings to a company that literally did nothing . 
  i 've spoken german for two years while living in germany , can talk about most day to day things , even read outside of that and try to learn less everyday language , and i had no clue what curtsy was in german . 
  that said , i think we tend to absorb a lot that more old fashioned and uncommon language as children reading stories and such, 
  i mean that there are no respectable people saying that brexit will benefit the uk . 
  everyone is saying it 's going to harm it . 
  52 % of misguided gullible people definitely would vote to shoot themselves in the foot , and they have done . 
  fuck it , just deport everyone , last one out turns the lights off . 
  jesus reddit do n't have a meltdown . 
  she 's four , clearly she 's not naturally fluent in all these language . 
  it 's still a pretty good achievement for a 4 year old to be able to speak so well . 
  it 's not dismissive at all . 
  the vast majority of british people , regardless of which side they 're on , know nothing about politics or the geopolitical situation . 
  why do you think we as a country vote almost entirely along tribal line rather than for whoever has the policy we believe will work best ? 
  that 's because we do n't know what will work best , we put our faith in certain belief on an almost arbitrary lines . 
  it only takes meeting 100 leave voters to know that 95 % do n't remotely understand what the single market does for britain , how the british economy functions , or how `` the block of employment '' is a fallacy , of that 5 % that do it 's clear that their politics are best described as `` off the wall '' . 
  it was utterly foolish to put a decision like this in the hands of the public , and ultimately that 's all most people in the uk are , tribalists , my team vs your team . 
  pick your side on the basis of what your mates think and which team 's soundbites you like most .
