  no fucking marmite though , and where 's the mint clubs ? 
  everyone knows the orange ones are inferior . 
  it 's regular chocolate and they 're made out of biscuit . 
  the difference is that we eat 2 or 3 biscuits with our afternoon tea , and if you take more you get called a greedy bastard and asked if you ate all the pies ? 
  while in america the fast food industry seems to encourage you to go crazy , going large does seem to be the american way . 
  see this is what i hate about a great deal of us comedy , it 's just absurdly self-referential , celebrities poking fun at celebrities which ultimately just makes them seem ego inflated , as like we 're meant to give enough of a shit about them that we get all the little references to other people within the industry . 
  sometimes it 's as if the writers are so stuck in their hollywood/entertainment industry bubble that they can only see what 's funny inside of it , and it just seems lazy of writers in the industry just to make jokes about the industry . 
  obviously not all comedians are like that , but the funniest ones seem to be the ones that stand outside it rather than comedians who get pulled into this celebrity joke game . 
  i 've noticed that most celebrities who last are good at reinvention . 
  they know when to stop chasing the limelight , chill out for a bit , go back the drawing board , and come back at the right time when people are no longer sick of them but at the same time they 're still relevant . 
   i would n't expect her to pronounce every t with a glottal stop , but she 's pronouncing far more like that than she not . 
  absolutely no way , i think you 're not hearing them , we can go through an count if you like , but there 's way more aspirated - t 's than glottals by far . 
  ca n't you hear the [ `` tsk '' ] ( https://youtu.be/xapfichqhj0?t=86 ) [ `` tsk '' ] ( https://youtu.be/xapfichqhj0?t=381 ) throughout the whole video ? 
  she 's using like at least 80 % - t and less than 20 % glottal . 
  definitely some elision there , yes it would sound like the first syllable in `` donor '' , i do n't know ( or i doe know ) , why you think that would sound odd , it 's very common . 
  look at the links in my edit . 
  [ this is glottalisation ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/4/4d/glottal_stop.ogg ), 
  [ this is an alveolar t ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/0/02/voiceless_alveolar_plosive.ogg ), 
  i really saying when says a word like wo n't all you 're hearing is a glottal stop ? 
  i think you need to practice noticing the difference because while there 's a few glottals in there , `` pretty '' `` little '' `` bottom '' , the majority of - t words do n't feature glottalisation . 
  `` dunno '' `` doe know '' both are possible , it 's just the degree of monophthongisation . 
  there 's definitely a few glottals in there , but i 'm hearing plenty of hard - t 's too . 
  i think i hear more t 's , and vastly more than you 'd expect from someone in the se . 
  but as i said most of the midlands examples i 've found have been mixed regarding t-glots . 
  east midlands seems to have plenty of vocalised l but west midlands almost none . 
  yes very weird , although i think regional dialects in the e.mids have been subject to greater estuarisation than rp . 
  i was amazed how you could be west of daventry one minute and they 'd sound like west midlands farmers and then the moment you got into northamps you 'd hear prolific th-fronting from the street kids who 'd adopted mle-esque tones . 
  of course if you were in the middle you could end up [ sounding like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7vll7ypc9ca ) . 
  i mean seriously i ca n't even start to analyse wtf is going on there . 
  of course if you go farther east it just gets weirder , with yod-dropping and bear-beer merger and all kinds of fucky shit . 
  branston pickle is n't pickles , it 's pickle :p pickles are pickled vegetables , pickle is a spread made of said vegetables that you spread on your sandwiches . 
  as someone from england , can confirm , unless that person is over 65 , those fuckers love that incomprehensible fahrenheit bollocks . 
  in order to us fahrenheit in the uk you must also know how many pennies there are in a shilling and how many shilling you get to the pound . 
  all that says is that tabloids are dishonest and love big sounding numbers . 
  nobody under 30 in the uk remotely understands fahrenheit , and nobody under 65 really gets it without doing a conversion . 
  weirdly my oven in the uk used fahrenheit , but frankly it did n't mean anything to me but hot , fucking hot , and really fucking hot . 
  yeah well , i 'm going to just post the translation , since not everyone here speaks german and you 're a dick for not taking that into account . 
  work is winning over more and more the good conscience to its side : the desire for enjoyment already calls itself `` need of recreation , '' and even begins to be ashamed of itself . 
  `` one owes it to one 's health , '' people say , when they are caught at a picnic . 
  indeed , it might soon go so far that one could not yield to the desire for the vita contemplative , ( that is to say , excursions with thoughts and friends ) , without self-contempt and a bad conscience . 
  pretty sure `` nice day '' is relative to where you live , in the uk 23 degrees , ( 75f ) means it 's time to get your shorts on and hit the park with some cans of beer and a picnic . 
  anything higher than 25 and it 's time to go back inside and moan to your friends about this barbarous heat . 
  you 'll like this :, 
  [ merely 200 years prior to shakespeare ] ( https://youtu.be/tcckcthwqkw?t=31 ), 
  west country is one of the most conservative forms of english going . 
  that 's a big gap to bridge . 
  certain things do change , stress patterns usually change easiest . 
  50 years ago virtually everyone in the uk said `` controversy '' with a stress on the 2nd syllable con-trov-vuh-see , now i hear the kids saying con-truh-vuh-see like bloody yanks . 
  that said , it would take a lot to make people who do n't say their - r 's before consonant and at the end of words to start saying them again , or for people who say stop like stahp to start saying stop again , or for people who confuse paddy and patty to start differentiating these sound . 
  neither britain nor the us has managed to make all their people sound the same in over 100 years of live broadcasts , so how the fuck would two separate countries manage it . 
  yeah but british people still are n't going to say the rr even if many have adopted the americanised stress pattern . 
  brits are n't going to start saying - r 's because for us they 're associated with farmers and yokels , just as how more americans have started say the - r 's because they think the absence of them makes you sound like an east coast hoodlum . 
  i 'm indifferent , it 's a typical london cockney feature , most british people do n't use it . 
  why would i be indignant , i do n't say - r , it 's just a major difference between yanks and brits . 
  hang on , that 's impossible . 
  skelton was 1463 - 1529 shakespeare was n't born until 1564 and died in 1616 . 
  i think there 's a problem there . 
  skelton is believed to have published speke parrot in 1522 . 
  so it was made public 42 years before his birth , and 94 years before he died . 
  anyway , i was referring to the language not the work itself . 
  the language we hear in the speke parrot video is 1400s middle english , while the original pronunciation of shakespeare early modern english is 1600s . 
  there was no doubt a transition period , and shakespeare even comments on this , how the older generation pronounced words like invention as invent-tee-on while younger people said invent-shun . 
  hail skelton , glory to doot, 
  you 're a gym rat harry , and a thumpin ' good ` un i 'd wager ... once yer trained up a bit , of course . 
  what pisses me off about lorry drivers is n't that you overtake each other , but that when it 's clear that one vehicle has a higher speed the guy in the slow lane does n't tap the breaks to let the other guy in , rather you fucking race each other for a good minute or so until that 3 mph speed advantage gets you a whole lorry length and a half ahead . 
  seriously , lorry drivers are a bunch of wankers too . 
   puts a lot of distance between two trucks in a short space of time !, 
  from the two and a half minutes it takes for them get past i 'd do n't think that 's true . 
  i do n't agree with her , but i still think cyclists who cycle like that have a death wish , they were overtaking or trying to overtake each other when they knew full well there was a car waiting to pass behind them , every time there was a right bend ( when a car is liable to attempt to pass if you 're driving on the left due to increased visibility ) , they pushed out towards the centre of the road , essentially either using defensive driving to prevent an overtake or trying to gain some distance on their mates by using the inside track . 
  they 're cycling in a pack , which is really fucking dumb imo , since it 's going to make overtaking more difficult . 
  there 's no reason to cycle in a pack unless you 're racing , it 's not like you 're going to be having much conversation when you 're pushing your body like that , cars are n't allowed to race on the roads , why should bicycles be allowed to ? 
  i 'm sorry but if you cycle two abreast you have a death wish , if you attempt defensive driving when cycling you have a death wish , if you race your friends and overtake each other on a busy road or when there 's a car nearby you have a death wish , if your cluster up together with other cyclists because you think it 's the tour de fucking france you have a death wish . 
  i do n't give a shit about what the law says you 're allowed to do , and i do n't give a fuck about your right to be on the road being equal to that of a car , you are much slower than a vehicle with an engine , and if your wheel gets nudged slightly you 're potentially a dead man under a tonne of fast moving metal . 
  a fair amount of cyclists seem to always forget he first rule of driving , which is drive like everyone else on the road is a fucking moron , cyclists should take this even more into account than cars since they are far more at risk if someone else makes a mistake . 
  some get so sucked into the perceived arrogance and entitlement of car drivers that they make a point of exercising every theoretic right the highway code gives them , which is a good way to end up under the chassis of a lorry driver who 's having trouble at home and has been surviving on a diet solely of caffeine pills for the last 48 hours . 
  ultimately your rights do n't fucking matter when idiots exist . 
  what i do n't understand is why the slower lorry ca n't admit defeat and tap the breaks to let the other guy pass quicker . 
  of course i do get why , because this would break the sacred rule of lorry driving which is fuel and time efficiency , but really this is a bad culture if you ask me . 
  haulage companies will mark drivers on their speed and fuel efficiency , they end up spending 20 more euros over the course of a 1000 mile haul on one driver he 'll get singled out and pressured to change . 
  however there really should be a rule about how long a pass is allowed to take and fuck the haulage companies , it would reduce congestion which would probably ultimately improve overall speeds and also make the world a nicer less infuriating place . 
   maybe that 's what they 're doing by riding two abreast . 
  keeping the drivers from passing . 
  which is insanely dangerous . 
  defensive driving is for the most part pretty stupid , regardless of what kind of transport you 're using . 
  if someone is attempting a dangerous overtake you do n't swing out to stop them , the best thing you can do is slow down or pull over and let them through , and this goes for any vehicle . 
  someone who 's attempting something dangerous has already proved they 're an idiot who is n't afraid of an accident . 
  however , it 's even more stupid when you 're as ridiculously vulnerable as a cyclist . 
  you should n't be deliberately making something more dangerous to stop someone doing something that might be dangerous . 
   sure , a lot of their maneuvers look dangerous to us , but we ca n't see whether or not they have rear view mirrors . 
  if they have rear view mirrors and are listening to the sound of the car behind them , they could tell exactly where the car behind them is , and know that it 's safe to pull out like that . 
  see , that 's completely besides the point , your rear view mirror is n't going to tell you if the driver behind you is drunk / high / reckless / insane . 
   i may be wrong about this , but i recall hearing a while back that riding in packs of 3 or more is statistically safer than riding in 2s or alone , and that 's because it 's more difficult to overtake them , and therefore drivers like the ones in the video are more hesitant to pass them until it 's obviously safe to do so . 
  if it is , it 's only safer because it assumes the person behind you is n't a moron who realises overtaking 3 takes more space than 1 . 
  it only takes one moron who does n't realise this and you 're dead . 
  any concept of avoiding lethal consequences that relies making it more dangerous on the assumption that most people will realise that and therefore not risk it sounds pretty insane to me . 
  it 's like if some heavy weight boxer is threatening to punch you , so you inject yourself with a chemical that will greatly increase the chance that being punched will kill you , 9/10 times it would probably work because the guy does n't want to go down for murder , but that 1/10 time you 're far more likely to be dead . 
  sure if a professional boxer punched you , an ordinary person , full on without a glove , you might die , but i 'd take the more likely punch with the less probable death than the reduced chance of being punched but the more probably death every time . 
  maybe this is irrational , i do n't know , but it makes sense to me . 
  i do n't know about the a34 , i know to avoid that part of the country driving wise , the sw and mid-south is a complete fuck , but especially if you 're not travelling on the m4 or m5 . 
  the worst road i 've seen for it is the a1 , which takes an insane amount of traffic coming from felixstowe to the ne , saves fuel on going all the way to the m1 , it 's pretty much the only route and it 's two lanes all the way .
