  although torontonians enjoy a cheaper cost of living . 
  however , london , being a bigger city , naturally offers a greater diversity of opportunity than toronto ( bear in mind a diversity of opportunity does n't entail greater opportunity , as workers could be more in demand in toronto , we 'd have to look at different data for that , however , being bigger london offers a larger number of potential jobs cross a wider range of companies on account its being bigger ) . 
  canadians do enjoy a lower cost of living across the board though which is a plus , but they also have to live in canada , which for some could be seen as a negative on account of it being a long way from anywhere but the us . 
  meanwhile london is in the heart of europe , and has a reputation for being the seat of international business linking east and west so there 's that . 
  ultimately , you can see why many people , especially those on high salaries anyway , might choose to forgo canada 's lower living costs in exchange for living in a true world capital , which is why i said it 's about personal preference . 
  what 's also interesting is that while we 've been mentioning cost of living a lot , canada also has its own prosperity bubbles that means high earners in big cities probably are n't enjoying a cost of living as low as the national average , the avg . 
  semi-detached house in vancouver , for example , costs over a million canadian dollars . 
  how much weight and strength benefits you in a fight depends upon the type of fight that was going on . 
  in a situation where you were playing by boxing or kickboxing rules , a tiny trained fighter is likely to utterly destroy even the biggest untrained opponent . 
  this is because the big guy is restricted in what he can do , and the trained fighter can dance around all day not getting hit . 
  however , in a real messy brawl , as opposed to a sporting fight , height , weight , and strength all become massively more important . 
  for a big strong guy to beat the best lightweight in the world is simply comes to a matter of grabbing their arms and falling onto them . 
  all a big guy has to do to win a fight like this is get in close to the opponent and then just their greater mass to bash them around . 
  if the fight goes to the floor the big guy will have a strength advantage over even the most skilled wrestlers . 
  the general rule with fighting i think is that when you put like and like together , body mass is almost always the deciding factor , with height playing a secondary role sometimes . 
  we live in a world with knives , guns , bombs , scentless tasteless poisons that can kill or turn you into a complacent zombie . 
  also for every average strength guy there is another guy a foot taller and 100kg heavier who could throw him around like a rag doll . 
  there is literally no point feeling helpless just because you 're not stronger than the average guy , we 're all helpless in the wrong situation . 
  ultimately , since the time humans master tool use , anyone could overpower and harm anyone , it 's just matter of having the wits and absence of morals to do so . 
  i 'd be much more worried about that skinny 5 foot 5 guy with the gun than the 150kg meathead with no neck . 
  you know that big tough gym rat at the pub who 's 6 ' 4 and 250lb ? 
  he would knock two shades of shit out of ronda rousey despite zero training if he had to . 
  it 's nothing to do with men and better than women , it 's simply a matter of how much body mass impacts the outcome of a fight . 
  a light fighter can dance around throwing jabs all day , but if that big person can leverage their weight against them , taking them to the ground or getting them a grip on them , then it 's game over the light fighter . 
  you can know all the jujitsu in the world but if someone is twice your strength it wo n't matter . 
  yeah , even in london which is relatively safe in comparison the athletes mostly stayed in sections of the village that are n't open to the public . 
  you might occasionally see one in the public areas within the village or attending some other event , but that was about it . 
  ironically once the olympics are over , most of the athletes wo n't get bothered in their daily lives , but around the olympics things get crazy . 
  they are a potential target for terrorists and people wanting to disrupt the games and are briefed as such and are expected to act accordingly . 
  that 's a silly way to think about it . 
  ultimately anyone can show up armed and have the advantage . 
  it 's the will of the person , not the physical capability that you should be scared of . 
  i know guys twice my size that i have no fear of , and i know guys much lighter and shorter than me that i 'd avoid at all costs . 
  you should learn to fear bad people , regardless of their size or gender , rather than fear people merely because they could theoretically overpower you . 
  this is fucky as hell . 
  there 's no criteria for what defines something as within an urban conurbation . 
  it seems to really exaggerate the significance of us style urban sprawl over high density asian living , europe falling somewhere in between the two . 
  tokyo looks insignificant compared to chicago which is allegedly one third its size . 
  if we looked at population density with a certain amounts of space it would paint a very different picture . 
  fair enough . 
  just remember it 's not rational to fear men . 
  just as being taught by your parents to fear black people does n't make it rational to fear black people , or being a victim of abuse from black people makes it rational to fear black people . 
  regardless of what category a person falls into there will always be bad people and good people . 
  if anything learn to fear bad people rather than people of a certain type or demographic . 
  i know . 
  i was just suggesting that it was good to remember that it was n't rational . 
  only on longer flights , yes , but also in coach is the norm . 
  in what world do france and once rhyme ? 
  lol , no they do n't . 
  france rhymes with dance . 
  once rhymes with dunce or ponce , neither of which rhyme with france . 
  that must be some accent you 've got if you they do . 
  you 're full of shit my friend . 
  first off , germany appreciates thespian/creative types because they are n't a bunch of war mongering philistines like much of the uk , you know , the kind that went to `` the school of hard knocks '' followed by `` the university of life '' and ca n't stand all the `` stinking students '' who apparently contribute nothing to economy with their avg . 
  lifetime higher earnings , all while thinking that their shitty 1 man roofing company that does half the work cash in hand and does n't declare tax is the backbone of the british economy . 
  the kind that think they have a right to overcharge for sub par manual labour and not have to compete with polish immigrants on account of their birthright . 
  secondly , most of the british expats in germany are working , yes some are artists and musicians , but the lion 's share are professionals working things like it , engineering , the automotive industry , finance etc. 
  it is especially popular amongst ex-pats since germany desperately needs it professionals to meet demand , probably because the rigorous german education system makes it much more appealing to go into something `` safe '' like engineering if you have stem skills . 
  other than that there are always things like english teaching for which there is always a demand . 
  it 's so typically british to think only of the `` high calibre '' as if only high earning professionals were welcome here . 
  germany needs workers of all kinds , and anyone who is willing to work , regardless of their skill level , is welcome there . 
  all that really matters is that those ex-pats do n't claim benefits , and you 'd be hard pushed find many british ex-pats living on benefits in germany . 
  the british mentality of austerity and kicking out the scroungers as if this would make britain more profitable is laughable . 
  as is the mentality of trying to protect low skill workers from immigrant competition . 
  the reason britain 's society is so riddled with problems is because everyone is at each other 's throats divided along class , race , and nationality lines . 
  it 's always the other group 's fault that britain is n't an economic super power anymore . 
  meanwhile germany prospers because they invest in people , regardless of their country of birth . 
  what exactly does it say ? 
  fuck all is what it says . 
  however , more immigrants within the eu choose germany as their destination of choice despite often facing a greater language barrier and higher health insurance costs . 
  that , if anything , says a lot . 
  i think you find the number of german nationals living in the uk is similar to the number of britons living in germany . 
  let 's look at the countries that do well outside the eu shall we ? 
  japan - population of 127 million , incredibly strong manufacturing industry , china next door to buy cheap materials from . 
  ( s. korea is in a similar position ) . 
  canada - vast country , oil rich , next to world 's largest national economy to import goods and services from . 
  australia - vast country , rich in minerals and coal , population half the size of the uk , near to asia to import cheap goods and services from . 
  all the firms that are reinvesting in the uk , like mcdonalds , are doing so because they know they wo n't be affected by brexit . 
  even if the uk went fully isolationist people are still going to buy cheeseburgers do it 's not a big deal . 
  now let 's look at the uk . 
  miles away from asia and the us , massively imported based economy , ca n't even feed its population without imported food , main export is services , services that depend on international agreements to be sold abroad . 
  the eu could turn around tomorrow and say your insurance services are not longer considered equivalent to those offered by eu countries and the uk economy would be in the toilet overnight . 
  please just shut up with your ignorant views . 
  you 've fucked us and now you 're trying to pretend like it 's all going to be fine . 
  i 'll be glad when the cost of an iphone goes up to 3 months salary and you 're crying about it . 
  5th biggest economy means absolutely fuck all , also since brexit we 're not 6th behind france , whereas before we were set to be the biggest economy in the eu by 2030 . 
  now we 're set to be the world 's dumbest country by 2030 as all the talent leaves and you ignorant fucks are blaming foreigners because you 're not able to buy holiday homes with your low skilled job . 
  ah yes , because greece collects what ? 
  like 60 % of the tax its due every year while promising red carpet pensions to every pen pusher in the public sector ? 
  greece is fucking broke , and for once it ca n't just devalue its currency into the ground so they get tourists flocking their in droves anymore . 
  the british community in germany recognises it . 
  the leaving voting segment of the british populace just wants to dismiss them as hipsters because apparently that 's the only reason any human being would choose germany over the this green and racist isle . 
  they have a totally different situation that makes them much more self-sufficient , that 's the fucking point you idiot . 
  the uk will flounder on its own . 
  it had a really good thing in the eu that it 's now throwing down the toilet for literally no good reason whatsoever . 
  i 'm almost 30 and work as english teacher , i used to work in insurance in the uk and hated it , it 's good , life is chill here , love here and have no intention of leaving any time soon . 
  yeah that was dumb , the british had a nuclear programme before the americans did . 
  that last part was really disingenuous . 
  britain had a nuclear programme working on a potential bomb before america , as it was scientists in british universities that first saw the potential for a bomb . 
  i like tom scott , but at times he 's guilty of really editorialising stuff to make a more appealing narrative .
