  i already said because he did n't pay the taxes required by the state . 
   i did n't even bother to respond to the rest because as soon as i read these words i busted out laughing . 
  well that shows how ignorant you are , and do n't know the first damn thing about research methodology . 
  just because what you measure is subjective , does n't mean the method of researching that variable does n't strive for objectivity . 
   which is a concept that only exists on paper , much like `` awareness '' , `` social justice '' , and other made up concepts . 
  without context of existence , none of these things mean anything . 
  no they mean plenty , you are just too stupid , or willfully ignorant to acknowledge their meaning . 
   according to anyone you ask . 
  do you believe hitler deserved a pleasant society ? 
  absolutely , a pleasant and just society would 've been one wherein hitler was imprisoned as soon as he started taking unjust actions . 
  hitler as a baby had just as much right to be born into a pleasant society as anyone else . 
  and a genie ... oh nope :(, 
  if it 's cheaper and it 's not a long haul flight this is a good thing imo . 
  european flights are often like this , but if i 'm only sitting there for 2 hours then i really do n't want to pay for inclusive extras , in fact i 'd even do away with my free tea / coffee if it saved me a tenner . 
  everyone knows these are in the south east :(, 
  do n't even try , he 's a psychopath with a hard on for some wacky home brewed philosophy . 
  the flayed lion of the casterfort, 
  i think some just learn in their teenage years that if they 're very sexually giving some men will have more time for them . 
  so the get rewarded for that behaviour . 
  i tried dating a girl with bi-polar , and i like you just thought nothing of it . 
  but she 'd be like a needy child one week wanting to do things together everyday , then there my be a week where i 'd think it was over because she 'd tell me to `` fuck off you needy twat i need space '' . 
  then she 'd go off the radar for a few days and i would n't know what was up , sometimes i 'd find out she 'd been cutting herself . 
  if i tried to raise an issue about something she 'd done , it was just `` i ca n't deal with this , do you want to make me depressed ? '' . 
  ended when i found out she 'd been hooking up with random guys she 'd meet in her manic phases when drinking and then lie about it afterwards . 
  we were never a serious couple but it was still hell on earth trying to make sense of her :(, 
  this thread is getting me down a bit . 
  it 's making me remember all too clearly what it was like to be with and care about someone deeply messed up and realise that the world is full of these people . 
  why ca n't we all just be happy and normal :(, 
  brilliant ad , terrible beer :(, 
  that honour is reserved for british , americans , australians and so on and so forth . 
  great britain , nul point, 
  as a brit who has learnt a fair bit of german and spending a fair bit of time there . 
  i like germans , they 're like our estranged cousins , whilst the french are more like a jealous step-sister who defines herself through her difference to us as we define ourselves against her . 
  germans are very similar to brits in many ways , can be reserved , love of simple food and beer , orderly and structured in their thinking . 
  however whilst england has fallen on hard times in the last 50 years crying over our lost imperial might , the germans have moved forward in a much more positive fashion . 
  the only thing that i dislike is that germans are n't necessarily very good at small talk or polite niceties , and tend to see these as a waste of time , whilst the britishness in me thinks they 're important !, 
  i would wager that in these types of society you go from being a child with no say in anything you do , to being virtually an adult expected to work , provide for your family and find a wife/husband very quickly . 
  there 's very little time for being a `` teenager '' . 
  teenagers are really just a modern phenomena created by parents in the modern age being able to support their children well beyond the point where they are capable of adult labour . 
  in the olden days outward rebellion most likely meant being ousted from your family home and forced to fend for yourself , which has the effect of turning someone into an adult quite quickly . 
  i was given domain over all the egg and egg and cress sandwiches in great britain , northern ireland and the commonwealth in the grounds of my great , great , great , great , great , great grandfather killing a bunch of scots and being related to william the conqueror . 
  if you go to finland you can mostly study for next to nothing , then you can move anywhere in the eu including the uk and reside and work without restriction . 
  also you could finish study in brazil and then come and work and reside in the uk or anywhere in the eu . 
  both are better ideas than coming here to study since it will be extremely expensive and the qualification at the end will make you no more employable . 
  good luck . 
  i prefer :, 
  come on an slam and welcome to the jam . 
  come on an slam and welcome to the jam . 
  le neck does not imply le beard, 
  it 's not like they 've gone a couple of stone over their optimal weight it is it . 
  do you these people go oops i 've just hit 30 stone and i did n't realise ... 
  up you go !, 
  i think an interesting factor in youth culture in the last 20 years has been a drive to create a british urban ( ghetto ? ), 
  culture to rival america 's . 
  in the 80 's everyone seemed comparatively smartly dressed , then in the 90s it went all rockports and reebok classics , with tracksuits and burberry , and now it 's all snapbacks with hoodies and stuff . 
  seems the influence of american music culture on our society bred with football hooliganism to create uk urban culture . 
  seems to be a strong influence on many youth , many of whom like to imagine they 're living in some type of post-apocalyptic gta gangster society rather than some perfectly banal suburb of a dreary british city/town . 
  well this question really depends on the future does n't it . 
  i would like to think that in 50 years people will be unsettled by the notion that people died of certain curable illnesses simply because they did n't have the right healthcare . 
  on the other hand . 
  it might be stuff like having a bath or driving a car that maximises performance over efficiency . 
  [ this is highly relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=liv96revlae ), 
  i 'm a bit depressive and do n't really see the world in a way most people find fun . 
  i 'm not up and down , just consistently serious compared to a lot of people . 
  i find fun in serious things , like the sense of accomplishment from achieving mental and physical tasks . 
  i 'm not very good at silliness . 
  i can laugh and joke at stuff but it 's mostly dark or unconventional stuff . 
  i 'm just not that fun to be around for some people . 
  i look at how most people interact and i do n't get it , i feel like i 'm on the outside to some great secret joke which i do n't get but other people are all enjoying . 
  i do n't have the back and forth other people have . 
  i 'm still pretty socially ok , but i 'll never be one of those social butterflies , i 'm really happiest and most comfortable with goal orientated behaviour . 
  i just do n't understand what the world is on . 
  i 'm sorry telford ( pronounced telfud ) is n't a quaint pleasant british town . 
  its main feature is the conference centre and affordable hotels . 
  if you want an old town will be better off down the road in shrewsbury ( pronounced shrewsbree ) , which has a bit more of an old world feel , it has a [ castle with a museum ] ( http://www.shrewsburymuseum.org.uk/visit-shrewsbury/shrewsbury-castle/ ) and [ church in close proximity ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/st_mary's_church,_shrewsbury ) right in the city centre , it is also reachable by train . 
  near telford is [ ironbridge and the ironbridge gorge museum ] ( http://www.ironbridge.org.uk/ ) , which will certainly provide you with some local ( industrial ) heritage . 
  if you want to visit a typical old victorian manor house , [ attingham park ] ( https://www.nationaltrust.org.uk/attingham-park/ ) just outside of shrewsbury might be good . 
  the nearest large city is birmingham which is the biggest in the uk after london , again reachable by train , there are plenty of free art galleries and old buildings dispersed between the shopping centres and busy streets . 
  however you 'll want to plan where to go and how to get there before just setting off since it 's not as tourist friendly as some places , you wo n't just be able to flag a taxi and get taken places , you 'll have to find a taxi rank and know where you want to go . 
  as for food i recommend getting a balti ( indian ) or going for a pub lunch somewhere that seems more food orientated ( not weatherspoons ) . 
  the nearby west midlands prides itself on having the best indian cuisine in the uk due to a high indian/pakistani population , pub lunches are the same all over the uk more or less but look for somewhere that is more like a pub restaurant than a drinking pub . 
  you 'll usually be able to get a good fish and chips , roast lunch , yorkshire pudding , steak and ale pie and so on at these places . 
  i hope the weather is nice since rural england is a thousand times nicer when it is . 
  hope you have a nice time . 
  some more resources for [ birmingham ] ( http://visitbirmingham.com/ ) and the county of [ shropshire ] ( http://visitbirmingham.com/the-region/shropshire/ ) also [ here ] ( http://www.shropshiretourism.co.uk/ ), 
  that 's good news . 
  you can walk straight out birmingham airport to the train station next door , and from there get a train directly to new street station . 
  you 'll probably need to get off and change to a train to telford leaving from new street . 
  very easy really . 
  i hear only tory voters say shrowsbree, 
  this is not `` a true gentleman '' but a `` un veracious gentlesir '', 
  glass thee * facking pretender !, 
  i think google glass will fail , but it will pave the way for more discreet technology with the same function which will be popular . 
  do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  the eu is great . 
  it 's a god awful film !, 
  worst film i saw in years !, 
  you mad enough yet  ? 
  i absolutely agree , it was one of the worst pieces of pretentious unintelligent garbage i 've ever seen . 
  that scene where the ellen page starts drawing mazes on paper to get her in with the super hi-tech criminals just made me start sniggering in the cinema .
