  drugs + lack of funds also leads to a shitty in-out group mentality i.e we 'll take this guy 's dope if he offers but we wo n't return the favour because he is in the out-group and therefore secondary to the in-group . 
  a close knit in-group have a much less incentive to put the needs of anyone outside the groups needs above those of the in-group , the social capital from pleasing the in-group is just too valuable . 
  this leads to shitty self-justifying immoral behaviour , like treating out-group people like shit to justify pleasing the in-group i.e stealing for the good of the collective ( which they might see as noble but is actually just shitty , plain and simple ) . 
  another effect of `` sharing '' everything is that group dynamics become massively political as accusations that someone is n't pulling their weight become a big issue . 
  power seekers with such a dynamic can manipulate public opinion as a weapon . 
  we do n't like brian so let 's turn people against him until he gets ousted kinda thing . 
  such groups only become more strained the larger they grow as having to balance the needs and feelings of a large group of people becomes increasingly complex . 
  you start getting put into more situations where you have to piss one group off in favour of another . 
  pettiness becomes the norm . 
  there 's a race to the bottom in terms of oversensitivity and being offended and if you do n't join in you 'll be the next one to be targeted as people will see you as easy pickings and a way to detract heat from themselves . 
  when a group is based around ideology this also becomes a war ground , as it 's never 100 % clear what the group does or does n't stand for . 
  got a commune with 2 vegetarians and 8 deeply committed vegans ? 
  `` omg stop making me sick by putting your disgusting stolen fermented cow 's milk in the fridge ! '' . 
  one of the inner circle fucks a new member 's ex-girlfriend and you think it 's out of order ... `` stop being sexually possessive and reinforcing the patriarchy ! '' . 
  new member fucks an inner circle 's ex-girlfriend ... `` oh , he does n't gel with the group and was totally insensitive to inner circle member 's emotional needs ! '' . 
  the reality is that we have 2000 years of civilisation . 
  property law , criminal law , social theory , philosophy , monetary theory , economics etc. 
  to save us from all this tribal bullshit . 
  the reason we in the west can have large friendship circles relatively problematically is because we have a culture that defines the norms of social interaction and because we do n't depend on each other in a serious way . 
  often a condition of `` liking '' someone is not `` needing '' someone . 
  we you sit with your mates and have shits and giggles the reason you can do that is because you 're not relying on the person for stability in your life . 
  there 's no reason to enact your will on your friend , if you stop liking them then just stop hanging out with them , simple as that . 
  there 's a reason why politics swung to the conservative right after the hedonism of the late 60s and 70s was over . 
  because most of these hippies grew up and realised what a shittiness that such a life style inevitably leads to . 
  my point is that blaming a whole faith with over a billion people in it for terrorism is dumb . 
  do n't know what you 're one about . 
  guys a dick but it was kinda funny . 
  what other part of the argument are you referring to ? 
  that was the whole of the argument . 
  i 'm not criticising christians . 
  i 'm pointing out that the bible says some wack shit and if a minority of christians started following it people would n't blame the whole of christianity , and thus they are hypocrites . 
  that 's not a criticism of christianity , it 's a criticism of double standards . 
  also mcdonalds made me laugh . 
  yes , so blame the muslims who interpret the koran as a call to jihad and not the ones who do n't . 
  you ca n't fix stupid . 
  i grew up with similar types . 
  fucking stupid stuff . 
  such people have to be battered around by the system a bit until they learn that they 're too dumb to live the way they 're living . 
  would n't worry about it , most people come out alright in the end . 
  lol `` inaudible '' was n't inaudible at all . 
  the real problem is the problem of consciousness . 
  something that redditors and other such young pro-tech people like to conveniently ignore as it would challenge their somewhat naive view of the world as significantly more simple from a philosophical perspective than it actually is , such that it can be solved with computer programming and stem style research alone . 
  thing is that computers are n't learning language , all we 're doing really is creating incredibly complex systems of automatic calculation that produce an output that resembles language . 
  similarly , speech recognition is just a system whereby audio input is converted into data which is then processed to give an output that resembles language . 
  the problem is that if we take a job like audio description which requires conceptualisation , conceptualisation is a problem that we have no idea how to even start dealing with when it comes to computers , the development of a sophisticated system that could conceptualise like a human would n't just require more processing power and more time and effort dedicated to the problem , but it would really require an answer to one of the most fundamental problems of philosophy that has stumped humanity for millennia . 
  when a speech recognition software recognises you say the word `` elephant '' for example , a process must occur . 
  firstly sound vibrations hit the microphone causing a certain pattern of electrical current through a circuit . 
  this analogue ( discrete ) data is then digitalised into binary data . 
  this binary data creates a mathematical description of the sound . 
  through hard work , experimentation , and trial and error , computer programmers have defined mathematical criteria that recognises when any given sound is a `` word '' . 
  the logic is as simple as `` if input x falls between ranges a , b , c , d , e. ... then it is word y '' . 
  if the input falls between the range the programmer has defined as `` elephant '' , then your speech recognition software succeeds and the programme displays the word `` elephant '' . 
  however , we all know how such software can fuck up . 
  minority accents , background noise , speech impediments can all make stop working even in situations where a real human could interpret what the person was trying to say . 
  humans are better able to interpret sounds . 
  but computers can do the same too . 
  modern software will call upon all available data sources to try to correct itself . 
  often humans can can interpret because they 're heard language spoken millions of times , and they know what words are likely near other words , and they know what would make sense in the sentence . 
  robots can also do something similar by comparing this input to other inputs and if they get a strange result like `` i igloo happy '' they can use heuristic programming methods ( rules of thumb ) , and data from other correct inputs to self-correct to `` i am happy '' . 
  that itself is dangerous though , because what if for some reason you want to say `` i igloo happy '' , if a computer is too self-corrective then it starts seeing problems where there are none , and getting the balance right is a constant battle . 
  the computer needs constant feed back on itself work to know if it 's tuned correctly . 
  while all this is great , something like speech is a vastly more simple task than something like audio description . 
  with speech all you 're really doing is taking sign pairs , e.g how we pair the sound / elephant / with the word `` elephant '' , and producing a programme that will successfully pair match sign with sign . 
  while the correlation might be hard to describe in a mathematical way that allows such software , the relationship between words and sounds is pretty straight forward ( yes there are homophones but we can programme computers to distinguish between the two heuristically in the same way that you and i know when someone is saying `` bear '' or `` bare '' . ), 
  now imagine you 're trying to do this for software that instead of recognising a sound input to be an instance of `` elephant '' , but you 're trying to get a computer to recognise when a visual input is , in fact , an elephant . 
  suddenly you 've got a vastly more difficult task . 
  there 's a lot more data , there 's a lot more variables . 
  we take an digital input of a photo of an elephant , then we have to define the criteria for `` elephant '' mathematically , such that the software will recognise elephants with a high degree of accuracy . 
  what do we have to work with ? 
  well we can look at geometry and colour . 
  computers can recognise shapes easily enough , but that 's because mathematically describing and thus defining a shape like a triangle is n't that hard . 
  but imagine if you wanted to be able to take a photo of an elephant from any angle , and still have the computer come back with `` elephant '' . 
  you 'd need very advanced 3rd mapping and huge amount of work put into defining a set of criteria that would come back with `` elephant '' most of the time . 
  machine learning can help us here of course , and with millions of attempts and corrections the software might become good enough to tell us if there is a clear unobstructed picture of an elephant in a picture or not . 
  technology is on about this level right now , we lots of work being put into object recognition in the hope that we have software than can effectively categorise images . 
  it 's still rather basic though and always struggles with anomalies , whereas by contrast a human can immediately recognise the object despite the anomaly . 
  however , the problem lies when you go a bit deeper into how humans think about the world . 
  what if we take our elephant recognition software and give it a picture of a stuffed toy elephant , what if we give it a picture of the hindu god vishnu . 
  even a small child will immediately recognise what one of these representation is supposed to be , whereas our programme is liable to just come back with `` not an elephant '' because the input does n't fall within the range we 'd defined for pictures of real elephants . 
  thus we are back are square one , we 'll have develop a new criteria `` stuffed toy elephant '' or `` hindu god vishnu '' . 
  humans however do this instantly , once they have the concept `` elephant '' they are easily able to recognise instances of the concept that do n't seem to have that much in common with the original . 
  we are able to see the commonality between an anthropomorphised representation of an elephant e.g vishnu , and the animal that exists in africa and asia . 
  why can we do this instantly whereas a computer needs to start from scratch ? 
  maybe we can use mathematics to essentially define the `` true '' criteria for the concept elephant , rather than what we had before , which was a mathematical definition that only works on 2d photographs of elephants in the wild . 
  perhaps if we gather enough data about the elephant concept , and compare criteria of toy elephants and plastic elephants and god elephants etc we can eventually arrive at a mathematical description complex enough for use for all things that somehow partake in the concept elephant . 
  technology is still way off achieving this , assuming it is even possible , and it seems like a truly monumental task to compare so much data and try and find a set of mathematically rules for it all . 
  it might be possible in the future with more and more work being done on these things though . 
  however , let 's make things even harder , as audio description does n't just involve understanding physical objects but more abstract concepts . 
  for example , imagine if our word was n't `` elephant '' , what if it 's `` weapon '' . 
  what we if want a software that is able to accurately recognise when something is a weapon . 
  this starts to become seemingly impossible , because while we might realistically hope to find some kind of commonality between instances of `` elephant '' that can be reduced to a logical-mathematical description , a concept like `` weapon '' is defined by it 's purpose within the confines of human teleology rather than by its physical properties . 
  we could go through a similar process as we did with the elephant , looking at all the different instances of weapon we have available , comparing them , adding heuristic rules , and maybe we 'd end up with a programme that could recognise most all human weapons in existence or that have existed . 
  first it would establish a weapon class e.g sword , pistol , tank etc. 
  and correct apply one of thousands of different mathematical description available in its data base to successful recognise what it was . 
  however , imagine that we encountered an alien species . 
  this species are sentient gas clouds that exist on high gravity gas giant planets e.g jupiter . 
  now we study the friendly benign organism and realise they have intelligence and behave in a tribal fashion , we realise that the tribes use chlorine deposits in liquid pools to kill rival clouds that encroach on their territory . 
  now the thought `` this species uses chlorine pools as a weapon '' occurs quite naturally to human beings . 
  however , we we take our weapon recognition program , input our data and it comes back with `` not a weapon '' , because the mathematical description of the chlorine pools , and the data base of mathematical descriptions of human weapons , and commonalities between them , show no match . 
  ( cont ) all we have is a complicated system that imitates human conceptualisation based on data , and not an entity that knows what a weapon is and can recognise incredibly novel instances of the concept with ease as humans can do .
