  he lives in a poor school district and has only one or two close friends ; nobody really notices him . 
  he has to look after his brother and sister after school and does n't have time for much else . 
  his only hobby is spending hours every night designing bots to play videos games . 
  thing is though , eugene is a genius , and he 's already coming up with unique solutions to machine learning problems and does n't even know it . 
  he has no accredited extracurricular at his school . 
  in his exams he gets fantastic near perfect grades because he finds schoolwork easy . 
  chad is from a rich family , his dad own a successful software engineering firm . 
  he 's a good looking good natured guy who everyone immediately takes a liking to . 
  he lives in a rich school district and is the school 's golden boy , beloved of both faculty and students alike . 
  his parents can afford a live in au pair to take care of the kids also can drive him about whenever he wants . 
  his extracurricular record is second to none . 
  he 's doing sports , music , debating , and science club , because he wants to learn computer science with the mind to one day inherit his dad 's company . 
  as his school is so rich , able to afford better teachers and equipment , and because the upper middle class intake are generally better performing , many of the clubs he 's joined are award winning and have won state awards and have featured in local newspapers . 
  in his exams he gets fantastic grades because he studies hard and has a good memory for information . 
  eugene writes on his extracurricular that he like to playing around with software in his fair time and designing programs . 
  he has no way to really verify it apart from a brief description of what he 's been doing . 
  chad writes that not only was he in the football team , plays the violin , but also that his science team won 1st prize at a content at a local robotics fair and was featured in the newspaper . 
  now imagine chad and eugene apply to harvard . 
  they both have fantastic grades but so do all the other applicants . 
  the harvard staff therefore turn to their extracurricular to decide . 
  there 's no contest . 
  verifiable school extracurriculars and state level accomplishments versus a few paragraphs describing someone 's passion for programming what the adjudicator assumes to be simple scripts at home . 
  chad goes to harvard but eugene has to settle going in state with inferior resources and teaching . 
  now imagine chad and eugene apply to oxford . 
  they both have fantastic grades , but so does everybody else . 
  therefore both get called in for an interview . 
  they are told nothing about the actual interview process , just to be at a certain place at a certain time . 
  two professors walk in with a smirk on their face . 
  they describe an obscure and very difficult to solve logical problem that pertains to the field of computer science metaphorically using the example of a traffic junction . 
  they ask each applicant how they would go about solving the issue . 
  eugene is naturally inclined to the task . 
  he 's spent most of his free time since he was a teenager approaching similar problems , he immediately starts to intuit possible solutions and describing how he would implement them . 
  by the end of the interview eugene is half way to solving a problem that took scientists in the 1980s years to figure out , the professors are awed by his ability to approach problems and immediately recognise his potential to be a fantastic computer scientist . 
  chad goes for the same interview . 
  he looks at the problem and scratches his head only see the complexity of the task in front of him . 
  for once in his life he has n't been able to prepare or study for a test . 
  he tries his best to come with ideas but does n't come up with much asides from further describing why the problem is a problem . 
  he does his best not to appear stupid but ultimately the professors tell him that the time is up and it 's the end of the interview . 
  in this case eugene goes to oxford and chad ends up going in state . 
  do you see what 's going on here ? 
  which one is actually going to make the better computer scientist and which one is going to do what is typical , secure themselves a passable grade and then go back to be a worker outside of academia . 
  which one is more valuable to the private sector as a worker ? 
  which one is going to be more valuable to the university as alumni with business connections and the like ? 
  is academia here to further itself financially , benefit the economy , or further human understanding ? 
  which system is meritocratic and which is nepotistic ? 
  that was n't a strawman it was rhetoric you prat . 
  i 'm not saying it will stop murders and travesties but do you really think mandatory humanities will improve their morality ? 
  do people who are academically capable enough to need to spoon fed philosophy by society at the expense of thousands of dollars ? 
   a doctor who learns about the history of medicine will realize that the treatments they are currently prescribing might change over time . 
  an engineer studying art history can realize a fuller range of options . 
  i very much doubt that . 
  i think intelligent doctors and engineers will realise that themselves without being mandated humanities courses by academic institutions and i think that dumb ones , of which there definitely some but not many , wo n't realise its import regardless of how many humanities courses you make them do . 
   why would i assume that that persons parents , who may not have gone to college themselves , would be able to impart that knowledge when instead i have someone who has studied the topic for a decade + that can teach it in just a semester . 
  you know , like education systems do better than parents, 
  i 'm sorry but what the fuck are they going to learn that is going to improve them ? 
  will an appreciation of schiller 's poetry make them a surgeon better at his job ? 
  will a rudimentary understanding of kantian ethics make the engineer realise his potential ? 
  whatever intangible benefit these things might confer it 's certainly not worth forcing people to pay thousands of dollars for the privilege . 
  someone who wants to do medicine is not going to get anything out of having to do a philosophy course unless they actually want to , in which case they 're capable of feeding their own minds . 
  it 's an exercise in futility , and the reason why is because these `` rounded '' tertiary education does n't confer the benefits you 're alleging it does . 
  you 're leading a horse to water and trying to force it to drink . 
  it 's utterly futile to try to make people who excel is something learn something else at the expense of what they excel at . 
  at best they 'll pay it lip service , at worst they 'll be embittered towards it for life . 
  yes there are problems with class but i think it 's much less of an issue these days than it was in the past . 
  there certainly are still places reserved at oxbridge for the sons and daughters of famous alumni and influential people . 
  however , there 's very little out right discrimination in the recruitment process afaik . 
  elite fee paying schools still fare significantly better , so wealth is a factor , but that 's is mostly because of the divide in educational quality rather than nepotism . 
  the blame is more to lie with state education system being so much worse than the private sector . 
  i think one of the reasons they keep it so objectively and narrowly meritocratic is so they can still recruit the best students without being accused of class discrimination . 
  the problem is really with how the uk government has given sweet tax breaks to private schools and underfunded the public system . 
  that said education in the uk has always been a complicated matter because of the historical class system , and the private schooling sector is quite large due to the historical differences . 
  essentially rich middle class people do n't want their kids growing up around poor kids in case they 're influenced by them . 
  well i 'm not really that bothered how i come across to be honest i 'm just stating what i think . 
  this comment is too low on the thread to really mean anything and i 'd rather just state what i think that try and be convincing at this point . 
  the singularity is the point at which ai gets so good it 's better able to design ai than humans . 
  after this point improvement to ai will be exponential , as each successive ai will be able to build a better version itself . 
  what 's scary is that if that ai has consciousness and the ability to manipulate its environment the process could become unstoppable . 
  as such a machine could go rogue and start endlessly reiterating itself in most advanced forms against the wishes of humanity , eventually turning the whole planet into itself . 
  as someone who prefers real ale , craft beer snobs are the fucking worst . 
  i mean real ale snobs are fucking awful too , but it was kind of a niche and nerdy thing that did n't really exists outside of the uk and ireland to any great extent . 
  the irony is that these craft beer `` connoisseurs '' often do n't even realise what real ale is or that craft beer was n't invented in some trendy hipster part of the us and has a tradition going back thousands of years . 
  except there is no `` game '' , you 're just interacting with people with digital avatars to represent you . 
  the shitty mini games people design are n't really a game . 
  still the population is nothing like what is was in about 2008 . 
  can we just have legacy servers already ? 
  i 've maxed out characters on private servers , that 's the game i like . 
  yes i have more fun in the buggy vanilla dungeons with none of the quality of life changes etc. 
  than i have in this new slick 2017 iteration of wow . 
  call me a masochist but there you have it . 
  i 've played retail wow in the last year or so and it 's just not the game i want to play , everything has been overhauled , everything i learnt in the first 4 wow iterations is useless , the gameplay does n't feel satisfying to me . 
  wows golden age was from release until the release the end of tbc in my opinion , and panda was the point where it shifted too radically for me to recognise it as the game i liked . 
  if miss standing in if or org spamming lfg , i miss seeing the opposite faction outside of instances and the chaos that would ensue , i miss having to traverse the entire game map to get max level . 
  that 's what we liked , it 's not fair that we ca n't have our mmo back legitimately . 
  the reality is that i think blizzard are just too proud to acknowledge a significant number of people preferred that version and not the one they 've worked for years trying to `` improve '' . 
  i wish wow had never got so popular and had stuck to its core principles that it had in the early years . 
  in fact if it was up to me then level 60 would still be the level cap and each new expansion would 've just been just been a gigantic expansion sized attunement quest for the next level of content aimed at players who had completed the previous tier , and the reward for doing it would be nothing more than access to the next tier and one or two new abilities . 
  quests in outland would be tuned around the assumption of t3 gear or there about . 
  every tier of raid would be gear capped around the highest level achievable at for that tier meaning content would never become trivially easy and each boss in the game would drop tokens that could be used by any player itemised for the highest tier they currently have available , so everyone has an incentive to run old content , and it must be done over and over when a new tier is released in order to farm badge gear . 
  you could also have a mechanism by which more badges drop the lower the attunement players are in the raid , giving more advanced players an incentive to help newer players through old content . 
  to get to end game new players would have to defeat all the bosses in all the old expansions sequentially .
