  the eu has not failed to handle the crisis , it 's the uk and us who caused it in the first place and are doing as little as possible to help . 
  furthermore , the 2 % of gdp military does n't really matter since there is no pressing international threat to peace . 
  russia is a declawed bear that likes to growl and the chinese economy is currently booming due to increased relations with the west . 
  the us spends as it does because it gains hard political power and wealth from doing so , it 's not doing it to help europe out . 
  even if the us did n't take part in nato then europe would still be secure from all currently existing threats , it 's a non-issue . 
  afaik russia spends 80 billion a year on military . 
  even germany spends half of that despite half the population . 
  the ukraine was not a nato country that was until recently in russia 's sphere of influence and russia swept into pro-russia territory in the midst of a government change and essentially supported a civil war , that 's hugely different from invading a country like latvia . 
  you 're completely misinterpreting the global situation in a similar way to fox news , you 're genuinely exaggerating the threat to the eu . 
  what 's more is that there is no reason why a brexit would change any of this . 
  the uk will still be in nato , and will have all the same military obligations as it did before , so it 's no reason to support a brexit . 
  i 'm sorry but those things are all nationalist derived myths . 
  most eu laws are perfectly fine , they also effect the eu equally , furthermore the uk economy has only benefited from freedom of movement , which means higher wages and lower unemployment than what we 'd have without the eu . 
  i 'll also add the fishing is such a tiny part of the uk economy that it 's practically irrelevant . 
  are you really willing to your savings devalue 10-20 % simply because of fishermen . 
  sounds to me like you 've already made up your mind , and that your beliefs are fundamentally principled notions of national sovereignty and lack of identification with the rest of europe , which are impossible to disprove since they have no basis in fact . 
  well obviously sea fishing laws do n't effect a country without a coast , but there effect all countries that have coastline . 
  you 're really hung up on this fishing thing , are you seriously going to endanger the uk economy and make the future completely uncertain over fishing ? 
  again , nonsense , germany is n't bossing anyone around , it 's just that most european nations hold beliefs similar to that of germany , whereas a good chuck of the uk meps are further to the right than that . 
  what 's more is that if the uk leaves the eu then germany will have even more power than before , not really a smart move . 
  that 's a massive long shot that you seem to certain of there . 
  why would the eu break up because the uk left ? 
  sure , it would be a blow to the eu and causes some devaluations of the euro , but it would be much worse for the pound . 
  you have no way of knowing what would happen to the eu , but i 'd only give you long odds to say a brexit would destroy it . 
  you 're just wishful thinking which should show you how irrational you 're being . 
  i was watching trailer park boys a few days ago and really thought about that . 
  made me think that the people who make it must actually be pretty good actors . 
  the latest season had a bunch of celebrity appearances , snoop dogg and some others , and i was struck by how the celebrities were less convincing at playing themselves , than the actors were at playing their characters . 
  at public school anyone with a parker was a pleb ... 
  it was a joke . 
  i knew a guy from the netherlands who you would think was british from the way he spoke , he literally could have passed for a member of parliament his accent was so spot on british rp . 
  in fact the only thing that could have given it away was the flawless lack of any regional influence whatsoever while simultaneously not sounding effected . 
  he had possibly the most neutral sounding ( from a british perspective ) , accent i 've ever heard . 
  recently i also met a girl born and raised in the uk until her mid-20 , she had foreign parents and had spent 5 years out the country working for the eu , she no longer sounded british at all and had developed a somewhat generic european sound . 
  point is people can and do hide their accents , and accents sometimes change too . 
  she only arraigned him . 
  she did n't actually sit at the trial that tried him for the crimes he was a accused of . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  how many hardcore players does wow even have ? 
  there used to be about 6 guilds on my server raiding 4 or 5 nights a week . 
  those same guilds that even still survive today now raid 1-2 a week and still have everything on farm . 
  it 's not just about playstyle , blizzard were n't so generous with loot so gearing up was a big factor , and the bosses were balanced to mean you 'd need to really work to gear up your raid . 
  do n't pretend the game is still like that , i know what modern wow is like , the people who play it are all far more like solo players and the raids are just taken for granted as an extra , the rest of the time it 's just solo shit in your garrison acquiring gold for your next month of play time , building up your followers and pet collection or whatever the fuck these people in the game these days . 
  wot ? 
  you 're complaining about people bitching so you thought you 'd go one further and make a thread bitching about their bitching ? 
  you must have some serious insecurities around europeans to warrant this behaviour . 
  gmt ( greenwich mean time ) = utc ( coordinated universal time ) . 
  bendydick crumblysnatch ? 
  you seem to be forgetting that there are many countries with many different laws and copyright principles . 
  that legal precedent you 've posted applies in the us alone , and us law is not at stake when the server is in a different country . 
  in some countries it could mean a huge landmark case costing blizzard hundreds of millions of dollars just to establish that a private server infringed their copyright . 
  it 's stupid to claim that private servers are 100 % legal , but the idea that this is n't a grey area is foolish too . 
  many countries do not have any kind of precedent that private vanilla servers would fall cleanly into , and it would be 50 times more difficult for blizzard to force the server to close there than it would be in the us . 
  i just came to hear about the morbid danger they were in . 
  controversial suggestion , but is n't anime to some degree just japanese culture whitewashing itself ? 
  to me , it seems like anime art styles conform greatly to westernised beauty standards , as well as perhaps even reflecting an exaggerated perception of caucasian physical features , big eyes , eye colour , light skin , fair hair etc. 
  as the girl pointed out , casting a caucasian actress makes it seem more like anime than it would with a japanese actress . 
  none of these for me . 
  for me , it was the addition of heroic mode raids ( albeit with mechanics rather than simply a setting ) , in wotlk , that really killed the game for me . 
  for me , killing the same boss i 'd already killed with the difficulty ramped up and better loot did n't appeal anywhere near as much as having a natural progress race through the content . 
  i did n't like flying mounts because it ruined world pvp , but at the same time i think they did add value to the game , i wish blizzard had put more effort into keeping world pvp alive . 
  i would have welcomed a debuff that stopped you from using them for longer after leaving combat , and a way to dismount players . 
  i will admit that flying mounts did have the effect of making the world feel smaller , so i 'm in two minds about it . 
  however , the heroic raid thing was another thing that ruined the contiguousness of the game for me . 
  raids and dungeons were meant to be these epic places where you had to overcome bosses to venture deeper inside them . 
  as soon as you could run through the content on easy mode and then go back and start doing the same fights on hard mode something was lost about these zones . 
  there was no more epic feeling of wondering when you 'd ever see deeper into somewhere like ssc or sunwell , or how long you 'd wait to see what lay beyond for yourself . 
  the whole heroic concept ruined the progression race on my server , up until wotlk it had all been about the top 5-6 guilds competing for their position on the realm so they could claim to be 1st or 2nd or whatever , which in turn would bring in recruits to feed the meat grinder of raiding . 
  there was bitter drama between them but also a sense of being the raiding community together , and everyone had both friends and enemies in other guilds who they 'd group with outside of raids or avoid due to some perceived slight against their ability as a player or the guild they were in . 
  there 's definitely a common theme in what old players hate about the new game , and it 's all to do with world of warcraft being a living breathing contiguous world . 
  blizzard has turned wow into something that no longer resembles a world but rather the world is more or less the interface for gameplay with most things being x-realm and practically anonymous . 
  now you jump into wow and join a game in the same way a cod player does , and it 's just not the same . 
  no contiguous self-contained world means no community , which makes wow no better than diablo in that it 's just a game where you jump in and kill some shit with randoms and jump out again . 
  i know they do n't see those characters as being caucasian , but the fact they 've chosen in some cases to depict features which are the exact opposite of typical asian features , suggests to me that there is an element of subconscious whitewashing going on . 
  when you see typical western animation , it 's obviously not realistic with all kind of fantastical stuff going on , but the common features are usually features that we associate with caucasians just greatly exaggerated , the ridiculous size of the disney princes jaws and chins for example . 
  you do n't see features in the depiction of caucasians in western animation that stand in contrast with those features that are usually attributed to caucasians . 
  you rarely see caucasians characters depicted with very straight black hair for example , a feature that is generally not associated with caucasians , because it would be going against the typical caucasian look . 
  however giving an anime character gigantic blue eyes for example , really does stand in contrast to how asian people actually look . 
  in many ways anime characters seem to synthesis both traditional japanese and western beauty standards , as is made evident by the fact that many people , whether they 're japanese or european , seem to identify the character as being racially similar to them regardless of the actual story canon . 
  it 's not merely us projecting whiteness onto these characters , they really do have lots of features that objectively would be attributed more to caucasian rather than east asians peoples . 
  just to buck the trend a little but as i 've aged i 've found making friends actually gets easier in some regards . 
  when i was in my late teens / early 20s being friends seemed like a bigger deal , like your real friends were people who you 'd see at least once week , probably more , you 'd share booze , drugs , sometimes even partners with them . 
  sure there were a few people on the outside of the group that you saw occasionally , but that was because they were friends of a friend or whatever who was n't really in the crew . 
  you social group was tight and very much involved with each other 's lives , you 'd tell each other banal things about your lives , you 'd keep secrets from others , and share in each other 's life dramas and all that shit . 
  now that i 'm older making friends is really fucking simple . 
  go to social meet ups or whatever , bars where people go to meet new people , and just get chatting away with whoever is there . 
  add them on facebook / whatsapp arrange to do stuff some other time . 
  see each other maybe once every month or so , or just run into each other at similar social events . 
  late 20s / early 30s seems to me to be a time where you have many loose friendships rather than a core few . 
  everyone is too busy focussing on their own shit to be tied down with a small group of close friends . 
  also most people i know have moved cities a number of times for work , you ca n't treat every place you inhabit as it 's where you 're going to live forever , and it 's much easier to knock around with a wide group of acquaintances rather than limit yourself to a core few , especially when you realise that 6 months down the line you or they might be moving onto something new ( new job / partner whatever ) . 
  also people at this age have their shit together a whole lot more , and do n't really need to cling to each other as much . 
  when i was 18 i 'd arrive at a party and much friends and i would find a corner of the party and socialise from that base . 
  these days we 'd all go off and speak to other people separately with no cliquey preference for people we know better than others . 
  so yeah , this seems to be a time for having lots of acquaintances , the occasional few who develop into trusted friends as time passes , rather than a tight knit group . 
  some might say this is bad but really at this age who actually wants or needs really close friends taking up your time and tying you down , as long as i 'm not short of people to go drinking with once or twice a week the rest of the time i 'm perfectly content with work and internets . 
  it was all a joke btw . 
  at my public school nobody gave a fuck about what pen you had , when we were 10 we were made to write with fountain pens for about 2 years and most people had parkers as they were prone to being lost / used as weapons . 
  after that any old biro you could find lying around would do . 
  edit : i remember you , you were the guy who said cameron is n't upper class because he 's not strictly an aristo .
