  i would never deny that some non-american singers adopt american styles , but imo the answer is a mix of effects both phonetic and cultural . 
  i 'm even sure what you 're getting at with `` pure vowels '' and `` isolated '' . 
  there is a glide involved with any diphthong . 
  when singers want to sing `` i '' they do not sing `` ah-ee '' , but glide between the two . 
  if i were to guess it 's probably something to do with the way people glide between the two constituent sounds of a diphthong , probably more evenly when singing since the length of the glide will depend on the length of the note rather than just the length one uses in natural speech . 
  some accents are noticeable because the glide is different somehow . 
  now i 'm just sad because you ca n't say pluto :(, 
  no he is welsh , i imagine from one of the border counties as he does n't have the thick welsh accent . 
  if you look at the channel it 's an irish `` blow-in '' blog . 
  in ireland blow in refers to a foreigner who 's moved to ireland , as in they blow in with the wind . 
  iwan rheon is welsh , this guy is welsh ( although he lives in ireland ) , not a coincidence that they sound similar . 
  i 'm just amazed currys is still going , it 's the kind of places you 'd go to just to look at stuff and then order what you wanted online soon as you got home . 
  handy if you want a hdmi cable quickly or something but that 's about it . 
  some people are raised on lies about how free market capitalism is perfect in every way because if a company gets a monopoly they 'll get cocky , start charging to much , or start providing a sub par service , and this will allow the little guy to rush in and steal the business by charging less and offering better service . 
  like david and goliath it 's a cute story but what these wannabe hard ass capitalists seem to forget is that life is n't a fairytale and the majority of the time the giant smashes the little shepherd boy 's skull into a fine paste before he 's even had time to load his slingshot . 
  do n't worry though , these people will always find some way to blame the intervention of evil boogie men regulators and governments to excuse why these fantasy so rarely becomes a reality . 
  if taxes were lower , or these damn do gooders stopped trying to improve the welfare of workers in the form of unions or employment law then the perfect free market world would be a reality apparently . 
  then we 'd all drive sports cars and live in mansions because ayn rand 's dreams would come true . 
  the german healthcare system is a bit of disaster if you ask me . 
  it kind of assumes that you are 1 ) german 2 ) not self-employed 3 ) going to live your whole life in germany until you die 4 ) are constantly either in full time employment or getting hartz iv . 
  do n't get me wrong it will save your life and wo n't bankrupt you but it 's a mess . 
  americans smoke more than many of the wealthy european nations . 
  at gun point !, 
  it 's just an exploitative way for the insurers to make money off service they did n't provide if you ask me . 
  it 's meant to be about ensuring people make correct choices , but instead they charge you an obscene amount for not complying . 
  a good insurance broker might 've saved you some cash . 
  well the game is old now . 
  back in the day we 'd faithfully stay playing waiting on the next patch even when the content had been cleared because of the community . 
  now i get the feeling that people are just back to see the new shit and then they 're out of there . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  if you ask me raiding died in wrath of the lich king , which i guess is a controversial opinion but i know that myself and a lot of players who i 'd played with never came back in any serious capacity after that . 
  sure the raids were fancy and well polished but for me that whole greatest of the game who built on the difficulty and inaccessibility of content . 
  on my medium population server we had some really tight bonds . 
  there were probably only 4 or 5 guilds that could actually raid properly and what we achieved seemed like magic to the rest of the server . 
  there was a real sense of respect between raiding players combined with a bitter intense competition . 
  we may have hated each other when one guild jumped a boss or two ahead of their closest rival but hell we had to respect each other for it , and it drove us to want to play to win . 
  of course there was huge drama when a player swapped guilds but it was all part of the fun . 
  you could hate your competitors but at the same time they were the still the people you 'd make a group with to do heroic dungeons after the raid or pvp with because hell , you 're not going to take some scrub who 's never managed to get past shades of aran in karazhan . 
  i still remember the first time some players from the top guild on our server let me group with them when they needed to a spare , heroic shattered halls during patch 2.0 , pretty sure because i was the only one they could find that was attuned , but you 'd better believe i was on point with my cc and dps . 
  things like spamming general chat when you finally got that boss you 'd been working on for 3 weeks and the general banter that would follow as guilds further ahead than you made patronising comments and guilds who were just behind you bit their tongues and seethed with envy . 
  the fact that you actually had to get attuned to move onto the next tier too gave you a great feeling of being entered the new tier like it was a hallowed hall that only the truly worthy were permitted to enter . 
  i remember the sense of the world you had back in vanilla when you actually had to have people fly out there to start summoning at the stone , back when you actually needed a mage at the end of a raid to get everyone home . 
  somehow the bigger and more epic the game became physically the less epic it felt . 
  honestly the longer wow went on the more it moved away from the thing that made it great in the first place . 
  convenience killed it because that was n't the point of playing a game like wow in the first place . 
  the fact that it was n't easy , that you had to learn obscure facts about mechanics that were n't written in the tool tip , that you had to install add ons just to have the information you needed to play the game properly . 
  this is what made it . 
  met some amazing people that game , learned a lot about myself and the world , as an teenager and early 20 something i would n't have had it any other way , those first four years of wow were a special time in gaming that might never happen again , and people can talk about rose tinted glasses and all that bollocks but unless you were there you ca n't tell us what it was like . 
  i did keep playing casual pvp until panda , but the talent overhaul was the last straw for me even for that . 
  pretty sure there have been guns in the warcraft world for a long time , why else would we have hunters ? 
  meh , you sound kinda butthurt to me , really did n't give a fuck about robots , i mean we had robots in karazhan and shit . 
  never gave a fuck about the lore anyway . 
  now if you wanted to criticise the game for being shit and boring i 'd be with you on that one xd, 
  that 's easy stuff !, 
  putting the saxon back into anglo !, 
  i think you 'll be waiting a while , not point getting worked over it . 
  anyway there 's no guarantee a new blizzard mmo would be anything but more carebear shit that holds your hand through every stage of the game . 
  the real blizzard died long ago . 
  or when an american says kruhssahnt, 
  except if you 're a rollerblader ... then they will make homophobic jokes until your sport goes away ... 
  no , it 's because it 's a well known trashy name in the uk . 
  perhaps brush up on your english then ? 
  you do n't understand his lack of an accent ... 
  oh yeah , that 's why all the american comedians go to britain right ? 
  fair enough , it 's just imo one should let kids do things when it 's both age and contextually appropriate . 
  i just do n't like it when parents set arbitrary points for when they 're allowed to behave as adults do , like when you have a job , when you leave home or when you turn 18 . 
  treat your kids according to the maturity they display and they 'll learn moderation and responsibility . 
  treat them as children until some deadline and then they 'll often go off the rails as soon as that deadline is met . 
  as a teenager if you treated as a child until you can pay your way then it teaches them that earning money is the defining characteristic of being respected , and that might not be such good thing . 
  anyway that 's my opinion take it or leave it . 
  try some real italian pizza instead !, 
  for one it wo n't clog your arteries as much . 
  except he should be using dramatise if he wants to fit in in the uk , no - z. 
  that 's about 2501.45 pounds, 
  lol for some reason reading this i immediately thought of another sir jimmy who was definitely not an example of old school cool . 
  temporarily embarrassed millionaires without education , business experience , an understanding of economics and finance , or any capital behind them , but yeah all your need is grit and determination to make it in america because the american dream says so ... 
  this phrase always seemed funny to me , like `` hey , we just turned on the lawyer ! '', 
  i would say that that is almost certainly the case . 
  the average uk student is typically as into this type of progressivism as in america in my opinion . 
  however , student unions tend to be chock full of far left radical types who cling to the notion that student unions actually have some authority or political influence , the kind that are obsessed with identity politics and are just desperate to find injustices everywhere they look no matter how trivial , people who do absolutely nothing in the interest of the general student body but ca n't wait to cause a fuss and get their moment in the spotlight . 
  ironically , the people who actually run for office in the student union just tend to be super driven types looking for a way to extend their university experience as often the important officer positions allow you to take a year out from your studies while remaining a student and receiving a salary for you role . 
  consequently , these people will pander to these far left misfits just because they know that these are some of the few people who actually give enough of shit to vote in union elections ( which typically have a pathetic turn out because nobody is paying attention to that shit anyway , and even less so to officer roles rather than union president ) . 
  sadly , most of the officers will find their job actually involves dealing with the same 20 trouble makers who make mount everest out of the smallest of molehills and have to just reiterate their bollocks back to get them to shut up . 
  i mean seriously at my university there were literally hours of meeting dedicated to stuff like the signs used on the disabled toilets in the union bar because one person had decided they were somehow offensive , totally ignoring the hundreds of other disabled students at the university who used the toilets and were not offended . 
  as a british individual i find this offensive . 
  room temperature beer for me !, 
  lol interesting that you think his english accent is strong , imo he just has an ordinary english accent . 
  i just thought all lager was meant to be very cold and all ale was meant to be served at like 5 degree celsius, 
  i had an experience with a girl i met on a dating website a little while back . 
  she had shown me like 3 pictures of a vaguely hot looking girl that was it . 
  she 'd never want to skype or anything just chat . 
  i got suspicious very quickly since i already knew what the internet was like at that point in my life . 
  i kept it going for a bit just out of curiosity to see what was really going on here but i never found out . 
  i figure she was either older or younger than she said , or a guy . 
  it may have been that she was just like 16 ( legal in my country ) and had a thing for older guys ( i was in my mid 20s ) or was just seeing if she could get older guys interested . 
  anyway after a while we stopped talking and i deleted her contact . 
  i 'm going to assume you 're american because wet rooms are not a new concept haha, 
  yet to master the english language though apparently ... 
  you wo n't get that in the richer parts of europe unless you 're the kind of idiots who takes rickshaws or buy shit off market stalls in tourist hot spots . 
  it does work sometimes though , which reddit seems to hate to hear .
