  they never got his majesty 's permission , and he was the rightful ruler of the land , so all their claims are invalid . 
  make america great britain again !, 
  britain shall never give up its rightful possession !, 
  also was n't america once called the 13 colonies and ruled by the crown ? 
  `` never '' might be a bit strong . 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4iimpkprntk ), 
  that does n't matter , because i 'll be president of the so called united states , slowly working within the system to weaken it from the inside . 
  by the time the public are aware of the change it 'll already be too late . 
  pretty much , yeah . 
  that said , most of the arguments have been emotive rather than rational . 
  i live in germany . 
  everywhere has a fair share of stupid people , i just think the opinions of the ignorant are respected more in america than other countries on average . 
  to answer this question ask yourself where all the british americans have got to ? 
  records show that vast numbers of brits went to the us , yet the self-reported ancestry data of the us censuses does n't reflect that in the slightest . 
  everyone is from somewhere else . 
  in fact , huge swathes of the british population in england have ancestors who moved from ireland , yet you do n't see those people calling themselves irish-britons . 
  as far as europeans are concerned you lose your claim to that culture when you are n't either born or raised there . 
  to be fair , the inverted colour problem is n't a `` grade school '' level problem in philosophy . 
  however , asking a phil prof if he knows about it is a bit like asking a chem prof if he knows what a covalent bond is . 
  it 's an age old philosophical problem going back hundreds of years , and a start point for many people in their first philosophy lecture . 
  there are hundreds of books written solely on that problem , and people have dedicated their whole careers to looking at how it can be solved . 
  yes , and also people with predominantly british heritage tend to focus on that one german / irish / italian line of the family tree coming from great-grandma while ignoring other 7 boring old english settler relatives in that generation . 
  yes , you 'd have to be specialist to have heard of scepticism as a philosophy prof. 
  fun fact , / \u0292 / fell out of use in many british accents , except when accompanied by / d\u0292 / . 
  it saw a revival in the 20th century , however , for many words many british people will use / \u0283 / instead e.g. 
  version, 
  that 's a bit of a silly question . 
  firstly , you ca n't just move to america , even as a high skilled worker it can be a big hassle to move to the us with getting visas and so on . 
  you 'll have to meet all the visa requirements , and you 'll constantly be living in america conditionally until you acquire a green card / citizenship . 
  secondly , you have to live in the us , us culture and lifestyle appeals to some , but not to others . 
  there are upsides and downsides to working in the us , yes you 'll probably get paid more if you 're a skilled worker , and yes that money will go further , but you 're also expected to work longer hours , take less vacations , and live with less social security should you life take a major swing for the worse . 
  there 's also the simple fact that the mentality of the people , the way of life , and the atmosphere is completely different . 
  i think it 's safe to say that most britons prefer british culture to american . 
  it 's not just about material wealth . 
  thirdly , it 's very possible to live very well in the uk , as it 's still a wealthy nation compared to most of the world . 
  if you can earn enough to be able to afford everything you need in the uk , what difference does it make if you could get more in the us . 
  when you 've already got a massive house , nice cars , luxurious holidays . 
  sure , some people can never have enough , but these people are in the minority . 
  fourthly , there 's the obvious stuff , most british people 's friends and family are all in the uk . 
  not many people are willing to give that up just for a larger salary and cheaper cost of living . 
  what you 're asking is a bit like asking why do n't all the smart ambitious americans move to switzerland or norway . 
  sure , some britons do move to the us , my own half brother did so because he does n't have much family and he was highly ambitious , just as some americans do end up living in switzerland for the tax benefits and salary . 
  but these people are a minority . 
  there 's a number of reasons . 
  america is a much bigger country , with far more people and natural resources , this means it is less reliant on imports , this keeps the price of goods down . 
  the american political situation is built to keep the price of labour and goods down . 
  everything from the regulation governing various industries , employment law , minimum wage , education and healthcare . 
  the law is highly in favour of business and less in favour of protecting the individual from business . 
  this means lower operating costs for business and therefore they can make profit selling at a lower cost . 
  because of 2 . the government in the us is relatively smaller . 
  this means lower taxes . 
  when you 're taxed less things cost less , simple as that . 
  because of all the former , the us is the best single market for businesses to work within , it offers access to more people ( 320ish million ) , this means more competition , which drives prices down . 
  i 'll also add that another reason is historical . 
  up until the early part of the 20th century the uk was materially wealthier than the us . 
  two world wars saw a lot of european wealth , amassed over centuries of colonialism , move westwards . 
  some things are cheaper in the uk , due to either the economic advantages of being a smaller nation , e.g. 
  bread distribution is much cheaper because it can be produced in a single factory and distributed nationwide quite easily , or because of the ways the laws are configured , e.g anti-monopoly laws stopping companies from manipulating the market as with air travel . 
  on the whole though , a basket of good is significantly cheaper in the us than the uk . 
  do it !, 
  you 've confused my two responses . 
  this is my response explaining why ( almost ) everything is cheaper in the us than the uk while salaries in the us tend to be higher ( at least in regard to highly skilled labour ) . 
  see my other post for reasons why talented britons would not move to the us . 
  you will find things that are cheaper in the uk . 
  i was shocked by the price of bread , and decent cheese in the us . 
  sometimes it just works out better to be the uk than to be the us . 
  for example , virtually all the nations in europe produce cheese and the uk can buy from any single one of them without tariffs due to the common market . 
  in america you can buy your cheese from one america producers or another , or you can pay through the nose to import it from europe . 
  still , economists study this very thing when they calculate the purchasing power of a nation . 
  the common way is to compare a basket of goods in one country with an equivalent basket in another . 
  these baskets could be very simple like the `` big mac index '' , which literally just compares the price of a big mac in each country , or it could be a complicated equation accounting for thousands of goods and services . 
  ultimately though , economists are in agreement that the price of goods is cheaper in the us on the whole . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  what results ? 
  you 've asked two questions . 
  1 ) why are things cheaper in the us while the salaries are generally higher ? 
  [ here is my answer to that question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4p4m65/nonamerican_redditors_what_one_thing_about/d4iasln ), 
  2 ) why would n't an ambitious talented briton move to the us ? 
  [ here is my answer to that other question ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4p4m65/nonamerican_redditors_what_one_thing_about/d4ia8ot ), 
  you 're not making much sense right now . 
  why ca n't you play nice like canada and australia ? 
  i already answered your damn question as earnestly as possible . 
  the uk also has plenty of world leading industries other than social media , search engines , and operating systems . 
  for example , half the us 's successful currency traders move to london because it 's a far more developed and profitable market in the uk . 
  same goes for various types of insurance ( virtually half the us insures in the uk , particularly professional liability ) , corporate law ( most multinationals prefer to sign agreements under british law because it offers less home team advantage than the us ) , e-commerce ( uk is leads the world in building the technological infrastructure used in banking , brokering , and online retail ) . 
  i 'm starting to doubt you 're actually seriously asking the question and just want to go on some nationalistic rant . 
  you just sound like a bit of nutter now . 
  i think you 're trying to prove something to yourself more than anything else . 
   if you 're highly skilled you can get an hib visa and work for 6 years based off it ( sponsored by the company ) and get a green card -- how long depends on your nationality -- could be 1 yr to 6 yrs . 
  great , you can live on a visa for a number of years just to get a green card . 
  you do realise that many people do not want to do that . 
   i ca n't help you then . 
  i went to undergrad and 2 masters degrees in te us so i 'm very well attuned to the us culture . 
  good for you . 
  some people could live in the us for 20 years and never adapt or grow to like it , it 's personal preference . 
   also , it 's obviously a trade off and a choice if you want to build a billion dollar startup with a rich eco system ( none exist in the uk so far ) to invest a bit in learning the us culture . 
  -- see elon musk for reference . 
  not everyone wants to build a billion dollar start up . 
  nobody is denying that the us ( well california anyway ) , leads the world in creative emerging tech industries . 
  however , if you want to go into something already well established , such as currency trading , insurance brokerage , international corporate law , and earn your millions that way then you 're actually better off in the uk since london is the world capital in these services .
