  supersize thickshake , plus size clothing store , drive-thru dunkin donuts , husky fit , and double chilli-cheese dog . 
  the other failure of the thirteen colonies was that we sent or allowed too many europeans to go there . 
  only a few million if a i remember correctly but that was quite a lot compared to the populations of the time . 
  other colonies worked better because there was either a less technologically advanced civilisation there to rule over or because land to people ratio meant the locals did n't get all uppity like the yanks did . 
   usa english ancestry is relatively rare, 
  that 's such a myth of modern historical revisionism . 
  most of those claims come from the fact that very few americans identify as having british ancestry . 
  in reality almost all do , it 's just not remembered like german and irish ancestry . 
  there was some good papers written about this and the missing british-americans . 
  only 13 % identify as having british ancestry while empirical studies estimate that 23 % are principally of british ancestry , furthermore 8 of 10 top surnames in the us are british . 
  yeah yeah , you can thank mexico for keeping your birthrates out of the negatives . 
  now off you go to obsess over emma watson or keira knightley some more yeah ? 
  yeah , that maps based on census data though . 
  there 's over 21 million missing `` british americans '' between 1980 - 2009 alone , and when you account for population growth that loss is even bigger . 
  in 1790\u00a03/4 of the european population was of british descent , and while there was obviously mass immigration after that it still would affect things significantly . 
  when it comes to ancestry it 's a good idea not to trust what people report , but rather to base it on historical records and genealogy . 
  self-reporting is too subject to fashions , people are more likely to identify with that one proudly irish great-grandmother , ignoring all the other generically anglo-american relatives and call themselves irish american , or remember the distinctly non-anglicised name of a relative from germany than all the roberts , marys , and johns which are british names that are considered generically american due to english being the de facto language and cultural influence . 
  i just assume everyone online is wanking . 
  guess you 're more a weeaboo than a teeaboo . 
  lol his accent is not put on . 
  he 's just being loud and shouty , it 's a common enough accent in the uk , watch his twitch vods to hear it at a normal volume . 
  i hate the way many americans are about food . 
  on every one of these numerous `` americans eat x countries food '' they seem super grossed out by virtually anything that looks like it might be an animal or part of nature . 
  it 's always companied by a high pitched nasally `` eww '' noise and a smug assumption that the food americans eat is `` normal '' and other countries are `` weird '' , this is normal , cheese in a can is not normal . 
  most of the world does not eat like americans , i 've met many americans that would never go near squid or octopus , hell america does n't even eat much lamb for some ungodly reason , and i 've heard americans trying to slur lamb as `` fatty meat '' and `` foreign food '' . 
  i mean many americans have their minds blown by concepts like eating beans at breakfast or putting sweetcorn on pizza . 
  americans generally seem to have a low gross out tolerance for anything biological or different , it 's not an endearing quality , it makes you look like spoilt children who are out of touch with reality . 
  it suggests that your culture is disconnected from it 's earlier times when people had to be more creative with their food rather than just eating beef and chicken every day . 
  back when stuff like offal would never be wasted . 
  i would take pride in eating pretty much any dish , there 's very few things i 'd draw the line at ( maybe eyeballs and testicles ) , but most of it tastes pretty damn good . 
  haggis is great , escargot too , raw beef is great , much rather have those well prepared delicacies than some of the plastic shit that passes for food in the us . 
  what exactly are american foods ? 
  all i can think of is stuff like meatloaf , butter nut squash , and pumpkin pie . 
  that 's what i think of as american food , most food in america seems to be from somewhere else but maybe with a different take on it . 
  like the difference between a burger in germany and america , or a pizza in italy or america . 
  a lot of those i would n't even call food much rather just cheap processed crap you can buy . 
  i do n't think it was anything more than a fan theory . 
  there was some allusion to a history wherein while ww2 was going on there was also a conflict in the magical world , but no real suggestion that the two were related , it could be explained as no more sinister than , while the ordinary world was plunged into chaos a dark wizard took it as an opportunity to rise within the magical world . 
  most of it is based off the fact that the evil wizard in question was not british but rather from somewhere in central europe as far as i can make out , which leads people to make immediate parallels with hitler . 
  of course there are loads of fan theories that suggest that it was actually the evil wizard behind the nazis who was responsible for all of ww2 , and that ww2 was really just the playing out of this behind the scene magical battle , but like all fan theories it 's just desperate nerds who want their head canon to be official . 
  tyres *, 
  most shepherd 's pie in the us is made with beef . 
  you pretty much summed up american food there . 
  take lots of different cultures all weirded out by each others food , and eventually you 'll end up with the safest middle ground with nothing that could possibility offend anyone . 
  sweetcorn is great on pizza , you 're ruining by not using it . 
  i do n't associate breakfast with syrup or gravy , but i do n't act like that is such a bizarre thing as americans do when confronted with beans at breakfast . 
  i wasnt generalising . 
  these videos leave a bad impression . 
  simple as that . 
  regardless . 
  if you go to most places in the us and order shepherds pie it 'll be with beef . 
  which americans do n't seem to realise is a completely separate dish called cottage pie . 
  sweetcorn goes great on pizza . 
  so well in fact that almost all countries use it as a topping , except in north america . 
  it does n't matter how great you think your pizza is , that 's like saying my fries are so good they do n't need sauce , it does detract from them to add sauce . 
  where the hell was the rest of the world if hitler was so dangerous . 
  oh right pursuing isolationist policies . 
  and we 'd call you a cunt because we also call things what we want . 
  those prison conditions sound downright third world style . 
  no reading material and coated with cockroaches as you sleep ? 
  wtf i just ca n't imagine that happening in my country . 
  ah yes , america , the land of immigrants , speaks english `` right '' . 
  cannn i hayve a cheeeess burrrrgerr playzz ? 
  yeah but we all knew about the gang related problems that the inmates themselves cause . 
  the rape of prisoners , the segregation and such . 
  i just did n't know that cells had hygiene issues , inhumane temperature or that denial of reading material was a thing . 
  is n't that shit against human rights and stuff ? 
  i understand that america tends to just toss a bunch of hardcore crooks together and let them fight it out , but i assumed that stuff like the facilities were on par with most other countries ( excluding shit like scandinavia obviously ) . 
  prison in most of the eu is n't very nice , you still sleep on a shitty hard bunk bed with nothing but a toilet and sink with a screen around it in the corner of the room . 
  spending like 14 + hours a day in there , shit food , crappy common room with hard chairs , only allowed outside an hour a day and one hour for gym , half the time you 're working in the kitchen or washing clothes but it 's not like you would ever be subject to what he described . 
  i 'd also suggest `` teaching english grammar '' by the same author . 
  you can basically take your lesson plans from it half the time . 
  also op should practice lack of sleep . 
  because i found on my course i 'd be up at 7am , get back home at 7pm and have to plan lessons or write essays into the night . 
  because you 're typing it in english ? 
  also americans are n't afraid to blow their own trumpet . 
  yes , everyone is like that about america for no reason . 
  it 's everyone else who 's in the wrong !, 
  my experience ( on an assisted place i 'll add ) at a public school was that you absolutely had to go to uni or you were deemed a failure simple as that . 
  only a few people did n't go and pursued more practical careers . 
  kids who were wildly unsuited to uni were pushed into it on the basis that you still needed to tick the box even if you went to a low ranking uni to study media or some other perceived soft option . 
  the career advice was pretty much as basic as , if you do n't have a specific career in mind then go study the subject at which you 're best , at the best university you can muster . 
  this was in the oh so optimistic early 2000s and the idea was that provided you got a 2 ; 1 in something at a respected uni you 'd walk onto a graduate scheme or into something managerial on the basis of education and background alone . 
  it was also around the time that tuition fees were introduced , but at the much less expensive rate of 3k a year . 
  i got the distinct feeling that the school felt that the reason parents often spent hundreds of thousands putting their kids through this school was because they expected a top university at the end of it . 
  the pressure was on for statistics saying that 40 % of kids received 3 as at a-level and something ridiculous like 97 % received three a-level grades c or above . 
  the school was heavily sports based and not as competitively academic as the local grammar schools so there was a lot of coaching going on . 
  there was a special class for kids who had serious oxbridge ambitions , teaching them interview technique and how to project themselves as oxbridge material , and separate special class for kids planning to do medicine . 
  every year the school prospectus would boast about 10-15 kids accepted to oxbridge and a similar number studying medicine ( out of about 120 ) . 
  there was n't much focus on stem outside of hard science and maths since these were perceived as more academic and respectable . 
  the it teaching at the school was laughably terrible with only about 3 kids taking it to a-level . 
  all in all the situation most of us were thrown into after uni was pretty dire since we graduated during the recession and found that the promised vibrant job market we thought we 'd be getting did n't exist . 
  and actually it 's only recently that i 've noticed some of my peers gaining some modicum of success now we 're in our late 20s . 
  the kids who picked something like becoming an actuary , accountant , engineer or doctor winning compared to their peers , the legions who took business , law ( surprisingly ) , psychology and humanities all having a nasty shock when they entered the job market . 
  calm down dickhead , australia is meant to officially use british english so it would be tyres in australia . 
  although in practice people use both , it was just a joke dipshit . 
  we ca n't understand your broken english . 
  our accents are n't condescending , you read that into them because you 're insecure . 
  lol the irony is that it 's you who ca n't pronounce the letter t. american say t as a d instead of using the sound the is used for all european languages . 
  your ignorance is showing because its literally just cockneys , i.e working class londoners who do n't pronounce those letters .
