  there 's no reason why you ca n't learn about induction , probabilities , algebra , how to build an excel sheet , data sampling , and the concept of scientific proof in one course with the end goal of having students be scientific literate enough to understand the experimental method . 
  there 's no reason why you ca n't learn french history , global politics , and the french language in one lesson . 
  there 's no reason why you ca n't study the impact of early modern economic philosophy within the context of the rise of the british empire . 
  if we focussed on competencies instead of `` knowledge '' then we 'd probably find the next generation were far more capable in both higher level academia and the work place , rather than teaching kids to be good at exams or essays , which i feel is the current situation . 
  in germany you see kids as young as 8-9 taking themselves to school in this fashion , mostly in groups but someones alone . 
  some even take public transport this way . 
  it 's quite shocking when you compare a german primary school , with kids coming and going freely out the front gate , parents walking their kids to school , parents cycling their kids to school with bicycle seat , with its british equivalent , teacher waiting at the gate to ensure no abductions , parents ferrying their kids to school in 4x4s and dropping them 20 metres from the entrance . 
  personally i 'd like to see the lords revamped into some kind of semi-democratic process , whereby areas could elect , either directly or through local councils , highly respected members of the community to fulfil that role in the interest of their constituencies and the country . 
  terms would be long duration ( perhaps maximum 10 years , and only one term would be allowed ) , and the only way they can lose their seat is if they 've failed to abide by proper standards ( broken the law ) or if their local authority unanimously feels they 've strongly betrayed the public interest , the idea to make the seats very safe compared to the typical political office . 
  i would n't want it to be a fully democratic process with campaigning and public vote , because this would be too exposed to populism and joke candidacies , but i would n't want to be a lifelong appointment that the public have little to no say in either . 
  hopefully this would retain what is good about the lords , having an advisory house that is n't beholden to public opinion and can act in the interest of the country even when it 's unpopular to do so , but remove the nepotism aspect whereby only the right `` sort '' are permitted to become lords and their seats are so safe they do can whatever they like . 
  the lords would actually be representative of various communities values and politics rather than just a club for those the government deems worthy . 
  as for the queen i 'm not bothered about her , in fact i think it would be unwise to become a republic given how she pretty much holds the commonwealth ties together . 
  however , i 'd rather just see a policy that was aimed at reducing the tax burden on the british people long term . 
  i do n't think it 's unfair to expect such a rich family to pay their own way for the most part . 
  honestly , if the royal family are prudent they 'll already taking steps to do this , as i think when elizabeth dies they 're be much more vulnerable to criticism both at home and abroad . 
  if they want the royal family to last it would be best that they leverage themselves into a position whereby they appear as contributory as possible , rather than recipients of tax money . 
  a lot of people talk about how the royal family makes us money because the proceeds from royal lands goes to the government , and they exceed what the government pays for the crown 's upkeep yearly . 
  this is true , but what they 're missing is that if we went full republic then the government could possess those lands , at least domestically , and keep that revenue as well as stop playing for the crown 's upkeep . 
  however , the tourism argument is solid , they do bring people to the uk . 
  personally i think it would make more sense if royal upkeep were paid for a share of the tax brought in by tourist areas where they are present . 
  this would actually incentive the royals to maximise their tourism pull , and cement their true role in modern britain even further , which is as a pr component of `` britain plc '' that needs to pull a net profit , rather than britain 's richest family of benefit scroungers . 
   if you wish to own property in the uk you must reside here for more than 6 months of the year, 
  does n't work . 
  i 'm a rich native briton in the uk . 
  i open an investment portfolio with half my money . 
  with the other half i buy properties on the behalf of people not resident in the uk , they pay me , but what they actually buy is a share in my investment portfolio that tracks the real worth of the asset ( rental income + appreciation - tax - upkeep etc. 
  ) , minus a modest fee for my troubles of course . 
  laws like what you 've suggested do n't stop people buying houses , they just introduce middle men . 
  unless you completely revamp the economy and the rules governing it there 's no way to stop this kind of stuff , and even then it would massively harm the uk 's economy to do so . 
  the simple way to do it is to increase tax burden on people renting out residential property anyway , making the margin on this tighter would decentivise speculative buying and push down house prices . 
  the problem is that while everyone agrees their a scarcity of housing in the uk , a huge segment of those would not be willing to trade some of the appreciation on their house for more . 
  well i 'm not very good at telling kids ages , i ca n't remember when school starts here . 
  but they start going alone by the time they 're in `` school '' proper rather than kindergarten . 
  i also live in what is definitely an above average crime area for germany in a major city with heavy traffic . 
  not the worst area but certainly has a few undesirable social elements and lot of hustle and bustle . 
  all i know is that there seems to parents milling around most of the time but also a lot of unsupervised kids walking to school , they 're hard to avoid in the mornings when i 'm leaving for work . 
  i would n't be surprised if out in the suburbs and rural areas the kids take themselves to kindergarten . 
  i got the joke when i saw the australia tag . 
  scone like bone is actually a middle class affectation , a hypercorrection based on the whole magic - e rule . 
  if you asked the queen the proper pronunciation she 'd rhyme with gone . 
  it 's one of those weird situations , which are surprisingly common , where both the plebs and the poshos use the correct `` u-speak '' more traditional pronunciation , and the middle class sorts tend to use a newer version that arose around the time of widespread literacy ( be aware there might some regional influence too , but historically the prestige is version rhymes with gone ) . 
  `` phoneticisations '' if you will , are becoming more and more common and it 's a process that 's been going on for many years . 
  i hear traditional pronunciations less and less frequently these days . 
  the kids are all full of words like `` man-dat-tory '' and `` lab-bo-rat-tory '' these days . 
  not to mention americanism like `` con-tru-versy '' and `` sked-jewel '' . 
  maybe one day the more traditionally `` correct '' pronunciations of these words will one day seem wrong to people too , much as they sometimes do to americans who 've never heard them . 
  it does n't happen overnight it 's not that unusual for novel interpretations to one day become the `` standard '' form . 
  disclaimer : i do n't actually care how anyone speaks , use whatever you want , prescriptivism is bad . 
  old people are n't meant to have sex lives either , but they do . 
  point is that while it 's easier on the mind for many to imagine that both old and disabled people do n't have sex lives , anyone with a brain is aware that they do . 
  still that does n't mean people will be happy when you reaffirm that fact in real life . 
  ultimately we feel awkward when both the elderly and the disabled talk about sex , because those people are deemed unattractive by society and we feel uncomfortable thinking about people who are considered sexually undesirable having sex , the same could be said about obese people . 
  in many ways it 's an abhorrent and discriminatory stigma , but it 's something that 's incredibly prevalent within cultures and i do n't see any way of getting around it . 
  in many ways i think it 's great that both the elderly and the disabled community are having their sexual needs met , however i can not help but feel uncomfortable thinking about it . 
  a lot of people think you can just exercise a lot and eat what you want . 
  sadly this is just to a way to become overweight and muscled at the same time , with great endurance i 'll add ( at least if you do lots of cardio ) :( and the fat will sadly cover that muscle so while you may be strong you wo n't be that much more attractive . 
  just not way to cheat this , dieting is the most effective weight loss method . 
  exercise will let you lose weight at a higher level of calorie intake but we 're talking a few extra slices of bread a day , unless you 're spending multiple hours doing cardio daily . 
  ah the american dream , in other countries i think this belief is quite rare . 
  truth is that if someone is really not good at stuff this kind of boundless self confidence can actually be harmful , and they 'll take lot of knocks in life and if they 're lucky they 'll settle for a station they 're more capable of , and if they 're unlucky they 'll end up in crappy life situation permanently . 
  it 's not so much the keep trying that 's the problem though , it 's the idea that you can achieve your wildest dreams if you keep trying . 
  keep trying is solid advice whatever the situation , whatever that may be you 'll still end up better off trying that giving up . 
  however , keep trying for your wildest dreams and you 'll get there eventually is terrible advice . 
  it 's what keeps middle aged men living in run down apartments trying to sell their mediocre rap cds , it gets people into huge debt as they keep pumping money into bad companies in the belief they 'll turn it around . 
  better advice might be , do n't give up , aim high , but lower your expectation if you fail . 
  oral herpes is carried on the skin of like over 50 % of people . 
  it is transmitted by contact with the mouth and not an std . 
  it is a completely different virus from genital herpes that just happens to be related from a biological point of view . 
  oral herpes can not cause genital herpes in any way . 
  catching oral herpes does not entail you will get a coldsore . 
  while the virus is more infectious when you have a coldsore there is no way of knowing if someone is capable of transmitting oral herpes . 
  the whole comparison of oral herpes to genital herpes is a ploy by pharmaceutical companies to sell topical and antiviral creams . 
  in many ways it 's no different from getting a nasty pimple , sure it sucks but it 's not something to be ashamed of . 
  except people do n't have artificially lower wages , they have artificially higher wages . 
  hate to say it but i could of told you this would 've happened before the referendum . 
  if you looked at what people were saying years before the referendum , then you got a lot less biased view of what brexit entailed . 
  sadly many people did n't form their opinion until after the referendum was announced , which totally muddled the water and gave the feasibility of brexit a much greater credibility than it deserved . 
  crock of shit . 
  moronic . 
  i think an incomprehensible language is a requirement of membership . 
  what i think is assuming is anyone who thinks a slim 52 % vote in favour of something invokes an automatic mandate for it and that if anyone questions it they are peverting democracy . 
  i believe turkey did something similar just a little while back . 
  let 's say coached not lying , they 're just kids and it was the mum and boyfriend pulling the strings . 
  i remember when this came out so just a bit of backstory . 
  months and months ago , there was a long set of videos released on google drive . 
  these were a set of videos involving interviews with this girl and her younger brother . 
  the films were generally of a camera pointed at them , as they talked , responding to specific questions from adult voices off camera . 
  sometimes in a public location , sometimes in what was clearly a flat . 
  most of the videos involved a guy with a working class london accent asking the questions . 
  sometimes there was a woman 's voice with a noticeable slavic-sounding accent talking as well . 
  in some videos there 's another voice , but you do n't often see with their speaking . 
  in most of the video the questions were similar in asking them about what happened at the school . 
  the standout statements were allegations that , some of the children in the school were repeatedly being sexually abused at the school , babies and children were being sacrificed in the school chapel , the children were being forced to engage in murder and cannibalism , and that they made shoes from the babies skins . 
  the allegations were made against the entire school faculty , the children 's father , and `` other parents '' , who are n't generally named . 
  at points the narratives start to get fantastical implicating even the local branches of mcdonalds and starbucks in the conspiracy . 
  the was a bit of fiasco after they were initially released , the videos getting some viral exposure . 
  anyway , the police looked into it and decided they were being coached by the guy dodgy guy who was the new boyfriend of the mother . 
  the mother fled back to russia with the kids i think , i 'm not sure . 
  i also have a feeling that westworld will deliver answers to most everything , whereas lost relied on a lot of supernatural mumbo jumbo .
