  he 's accepting of black and asian people , but only those who are so integrated within this culture that their only real difference is having a different colour of skin . 
  you can virtually see the cogs working in his brain overtime in a vain attempt to understand why the whole world does n't embrace this mentality , and failing to understand deep down he feels there must be something fundamentally wrong with those who do n't embrace this unambiguous self-assured lifestyle that constantly reinforces how correct and normal it is . 
  now i live abroad , and it 's only now the toxicity of the british class structure and british culture generally becomes blindingly apparent . 
  we really do support each other in propagating the myth of superiority amongst our own , and it makes us blind the realities we face . 
  this is a problem at all levels of society i 'll add , not just the lower class , everyone from the working class to the upper class has a smug sense of their lifestyle being superior to alternatives . 
  truth is their `` common sense '' is nothing more than a massively reductivist logic and generalisation . 
  they are massively suspicious of nuance and stick with traditional beliefs over reality every damn time . 
  you 're just going to have to find a job you like . 
  it 's not really easy , but imo somewhat necessary . 
  some people have the mentality that all jobs are awful and therefore it does n't matter what they do all that matters is the paycheck . 
  but many people realise this makes them unhappy and change what they do . 
  different people have different attitudes . 
  you are lucky , you 're in a position of having a job while becoming aware of this , this gives you options , and puts you in a better position than those of us who just quit the jobs we hated and ended up having to do equally crappy jobs whilst we figured out what to do . 
  i have found something i enjoy doing for now , teaching languages at a university , and that will do me for now , still considering an ma though , the question is in what ? 
  reddit gold , because it 's completely fucking useless . 
  3 week job search and you 're worried ? 
  i would n't worry about your name . 
  would you really want to be hired for someone who discriminates because someone has a foreign sounding name ? 
  i would n't get too stressed then if she 's covered . 
  by the way the default response to abscesses is antibiotics and hygiene care . 
  the majority go away by themselves in this way , eventually rupturing and healing normally . 
  they wo n't rush to lance it open as this increases the chance of reinfection and a reoccurring abscess is far more problematic than one that just naturally goes away by itself . 
  that is my experience obviously , but only a doctor can decide if an abscess poses a real danger to the person or has n't reached that level yet . 
  some locations for an abscess are much worse than others . 
  i 've never had an oral abscess so i ca n't tell you how dangerous it is . 
  my brother got one on his arm so bad that they operated on him immediately because they thought there was a danger of the poison getting into his bloodstream ( he had a fever and it had n't gone away with antibiotics ) . 
  i 've had a couple on my leg and they 've just told me to take antibiotics , keep the areas clean , and encourage it to burst by keeping the area warm and damp ( obviously not applicable to an oral abscess ) . 
  my advice would be to forget a dentist and go see a doctor . 
  i would recommend an nhs walk in clinic . 
  if you go and tell them your girlfriend is a us citizen i 'm sure they 'll have forms for non-eu foreign nationals . 
  a doctor can make an assessment and then tell you if you need a dentist or some other specialist , and you can be sure that the insurance policy will actually pay out , while if you rush into some private agreement with a dentist then there may be some fine print you 've missed and you could end up out of pocket . 
  alternatively just go to a dentist and pay for an immediately private check-up , it 's really up to you . 
  a dentist should be able to tell you what 's up , but he might of course just refer you to a doctor to get a course of antibiotics . 
  it 's hardly a big gap on your cv , mine is full of 6 month gaps if it makes you feel any better haha . 
  if you 're financially ok then there 's literally not point getting stressed at this point . 
  exactly the same with the eu , which many brexiteers do n't understand , pooling power with the eu is pretty much the same rules as devolving power to regional governments . 
  parliament 's sovereignty is absolute , tomorrow they could legislate away all the uk 's obligations to the eu as well as strip all the regional devolved governments of power . 
  as you said , political suicide , but constitutionally possible as parliament is sovereign . 
  different strokes . 
  for some people the us is the land of milk and honey , for some it 's huge step down , really depends on the person . 
  moved to germany . 
  love it here much more than the uk . 
  hate to say it but most things are better here . 
  the attitude to life is superior if you ask me , very clear work/recreation division , no expectations that you 'll work extra just to impress the boss and `` get ahead '' , much less petty office politics and mob bullying of employees that do n't fit into cliques ( in fact the worst people for this i 've met here are brits ) , no expectation to be answering calls and emails at home . 
  rents are very affordable , no obsession with home ownership and getting a mortgage , no pressure to live beyond your means , much less of a sense that you 're either a winner or a loser , much more focus on whether you 're happy with what you have , and people have more respect for the fact that you contribute towards society no matter how great or small . 
  the people here are mostly great too , i wo n't say that germans are more educated than brits but they 're certainly more educationally minded . 
  they actually respect intelligence over the pseudo-common sense `` traditional wisdom '' crap that flies in the uk . 
  they 're also very open , and most relish the chance to have proper discussions and learn from the opinions of others . 
  they 're very welcoming to other cultures and see them as enriching german life for the most part . 
  brits are super judgemental by comparison , and many of us completely reject those who we do n't see as part of our class / local area / nationality immediately as `` not our people '' . 
  living here makes me wonder what the hell is wrong with the uk , what is our collective problem , why are we so angry and dissatisfied all the time ? 
  why are we so negative towards everyone who we do n't see as part of our `` in-group '' . 
  everyone just seems to rub along here with very few problems . 
  sure you get a few know it all rule sticklers but you get that in the uk too , and the conflicts here are generally trivial . 
  in england everything just seems more miserable , everyone seems to be scrapping by financially , even if they 're earning a lot it seems they just acquire more financial obligations . 
  people are often uptight about things in the uk , sex , sexuality , politics , whatever it is we 're avoiding talking about it for fear of awkwardness and conflict . 
  people are far more anti-social , even in pubs and bars we cling to our friends and avoid interacting with unknowns , whereas even in a big city in germany people are happy to chat to each other while drinking . 
  going out by yourself here or in a small group is n't a big deal . 
  the british seem to interact mostly in rituals , we do n't really talk to each other , but rather take turns at making ritualistic gestures defined by our culture and the perceived identity we wish project within that culture . 
  lots of posturing , lots of bonding that only comes at the exclusion of others , we like to show our solidarity and similarity with one another only defined by its opposition with other groups . 
  honestly , german society seems like a society founded in logic and reason , it feels like how people would choose to organise society if they wanted to create an ideal . 
  british society seems like a society built on arbitrary turns of historic and neurosis . 
  actually my point is that the absolute sovereignty of parliament is the core of british ( unwritten ) constitution . 
  the fact that britain could annul its relationship with the eu overnight is simply proof of the extent of that sovereignty . 
  i mentioned brexiteers in passing , simply because there 's been a lot of talk of sovereignty lately and a lot of misinformation regarding that topic . 
  pretty common word in my experience ? 
  it 's a complicated matter and i ca n't really tell you i 'm afraid . 
  they might see her for completely free . 
  the nhs says that overseas vistors may be charged for some services . 
  i think generally if it 's just a 10 minute meeting with a gp and a course of antibiotics then you wo n't be paying anything ( except the cost of the medicine ofc ) . 
  if she requires a trip to a specialist then there 's a chance you might be charged for something , but again , it depends on what course of action is necessary . 
   hospital treatment is free to ` ordinary residents ' of the uk . 
  but if you are visiting the uk -- to stay with family , on business , as a tourist , or if you are living here without proper permission -- then you are likely to be charged by an nhs hospital for the treatment it gives you . 
  not paying this charge may have an effect on any future immigration application you make and you risk being turned down . 
   some services or treatments carried out in an nhs hospital are exempt from charges , so that they are free to all overseas visitors . 
   uk hospitals will treat you for most infectious diseases , including sexually transmitted infections ( stis ) free of charge , to limit the spread of those diseases . 
  also read the common health questions about infections . 
   if you are taken to a&e ( accident and emergency department ) , a minor injuries unit or walk-in centre for emergency treatment then this is free of charge . 
  however , if you are admitted to hospital for any other emergency treatment a charge may be incurred . 
  you should not go to a&e for non-emergencies , but see a gp instead . 
  found this explanation online . 
  i think what your girlfriend has could be categorised as `` emergency treatment '' in a walk-in centre ( in the same sense that you get an `` emergency appointment '' at the gp if you do n't want to wait 2 weeks ) . 
  if they decide it needs to be acted on immediately and lanced then i have no idea if that would be free . 
  if the gp can do it there and then with no hassle then probably not , if it requires referring you to a specialist then probably not . 
  however , unless it 's life threatening then you 'll probably have the chance to opt out at this point if you really want and make alternative arrangement ( although generally i think the nhs do no charge that much , it is n't like the us where all the costs are vastly inflated because of how the insurance system works ) . 
  i 'd just take her to the local walk in centre , ideally around 11am - 2pm if you ask me , in the early mornings you get the old people who 've woken up feeling sick , and after about 2 you get all the worried mothers bringing their kids in after school , after that you get the post work crowd who 've dragged themselves down there at the end of the day . 
  it absolutely is a word , with recorded usage back to the early 19th century . 
  - en is an incredibly old suffix in english going back hundreds of years , with the meaning to make or become , e.g enlighten , darken , brighten etc. 
  wow , you 've completely misunderstood what i said , in fact you 've interpreted it as the exact opposite of what it means . 
  are you so desperate to feel indignant anger that you jump to conclusions ? 
  i meant that it 's discriminatory , because since there is no register of who is resident and who is n't , non-british uk residents are far more likely to have the burden of proof for residency put upon them , whereas returning non-resident white british nationals would almost certainly fly under the radar , i.e it is discriminatory towards non-british uk residents . 
  seriously though , fuck this mentality of thinking everyone is trying to get a free ride off the uk though , that 's literally just what you assumed about me . 
  britain is no where near good enough for people to want to exploit as desperately as many seem to believe . 
  first off , i have made ni and tax contribution in the uk during my adult life , although that is irrelevant here as past contribution do n't count towards the present , it 's hardly like i 've never paid . 
  as i already stated i have a full cover in my nation of residency , including services that the nhs would n't cover for free , i also have travel insurance , so i 'm completely indifferent to whether i get it or not . 
  it just seems like a very poorly defined system , and i have no way of knowing if i return to the uk what will make me `` ordinarily resident '' again . 
  that seems like a byzantine system . 
  point is , when will the nhs ask someone to prove residency ? 
  as there is no residency register in the uk how can they decide who to verify and who not to ? 
  seems like the only possible way would be to go who `` seems '' like a resident .
