  sounded like he was channelling mario at times there . 
  ah great , thanks for the knowledge , nothing on the bottom of the shell looks like it will fuck up the liner . 
  i mean it 's only a few mm thick but removing it just makes skates feel even with my slightly mismatched feet . 
  ok , will do , i 'll contact the retailers first and failing that the manufacturer . 
  [ here 's some more pics of the damage ] ( http://imgur.com/a/jv08u ) . 
  also [ here 's what one of the other wheels looks like after just 45 minutes skating in a concrete park ] ( http://imgur.com/ropo20r ) . 
  they are usd stock wheels and just say `` usd 57/90 '' on them . 
  shark teeth ca n't bend steel cages, 
  trying too hard, 
  except the whole butt rape thing and small gene pool thing . 
  lol , do n't mention the banks !, 
  lol that was brilliant , anyone got a link to the original for comparison ? 
  a link to the original scene from adventure time . 
  no , mum is british . 
  murican - it 's spelled mom , english - it 's spelt mum, 
  i could n't get through that retro comedy . 
  nah it 's unnecessary really , i 've skated on them twice now and they 're actually pretty damn comfy , taking out the insole pretty much made them perfect for me . 
  ultimately a comfy fit is good for stability , i 've already got used to them and give it a few more sessions and they 're be totally natural to me . 
  [ well ] ( http://dallaspenn.com/pics/albums/blacklove/the_uncle_ruckus_show.jpg ), 
  le edge, 
   my german colleagues think it is inappropriate to have a lunch time pint to cool off . 
  really ? 
  it 's practically mandatory in south germany !, 
  ( ok i made that up but it sounds like something they 'd say ), 
  no way , this is how abominations like obligate come to be . 
  god save the queen !, 
  the colonies are nothing but oath breakers and treacherous vagabonds . 
  4th of july = the worst treason in 250 years . 
  far better than anything those colonist upstarts have built . 
  ah this bliss before the colonials awake ,, 
  god save her !, 
  the monarch provides more to the treasury in overseas land revenue per year than they take in tax . 
  the tax payer profits off her , as these are lands the government could no seize were a republic to be implemented . 
  yeah , one of the reasons i support removing pao is simply because she seems massively under qualified for the job which also means out of touch . 
  forgetting the banning of subreddits , i was n't that bothered about it tbh . 
  why should a lawyer who got fired and lost her discrimination case be in charge of reddit ? 
  how on earth does that give you the experience to run a gigantic website ? 
  pretty sure it 's the scots that eat drugs for breakfast . 
  scotland has always been a drugs entry area for heroin and mdma coming through russia and into ports on the east coast of scotland . 
  heroin grown and processed in the middle east is smuggled by the russian mob up through russia to places like st petersburg and then hidden in container ships bound for places like dundee and aberdeen . 
  mdma is produced in clandestine labs in russia and eastern europe using materials brought from se asia and also uses this route . 
  this route avoids the risk having to take the product through central europe . 
  cocaine and hash on the other hand has traditionally come from the south being smuggled up into europe from africa , the cocaine being smuggled there from south america . 
  first going to places like spain and southern italy from morocco , algeria and tunisia , then working its way up to the uk over land and coming in via lorries , trains or simply being carried over the border . 
  this is why cocaine and cannabis ( at least before the advent of hydroponics ) were typically of low quality in the uk . 
  cocaine is still on average of a very low purity in the uk compared to that in spain and the usa for example , better stuff selling at a much higher price . 
  it 's not uncommon for the cocaine in the uk to be almost like paste due to the quantity of speed and bulking materials it 's been mixed with . 
  hash ( back when hash was much more common ) would often be shitty soap bar by the time it reached the uk market . 
  on the other hand typically heroin in the uk would be of a relatively high quality due to having this relatively direct port of entry , and also abundant . 
  in the us for example heroin would have to change many more hands before reaching most areas , being smuggled across the pacific and then trafficked across multiple state lines to reach the user , reducing quality and making supply more sporadic . 
  australia however has always had a high demand for drugs that did n't meet supply . 
  when in the uk it was common for pills to sell at a pound each , especially when buying in bulk , australians were paying 10-20 dollars a go . 
  grams of cocaine would sell for 100-200 dollars . 
  this is due to australia being out of the way and also having a very strict and regulated border , after all it 's a country that does n't even allow you to bring in fruit , and treats non-native species as a serious ecological hazard . 
  to say people do cocaine like a light snack is pretty untrue , given that all imported drugs there expensive and harder to come by . 
  in fact it 's the uk that does a lot of coke , albeit low quality stuff . 
  anecdotally i 've known and worked with young aussies who 've moved to the uk for a few years who were always surprised by the ease of access to , and low price of `` party drugs '' like coke , amphetamines and mdma in big uk cities like london , birmingham and manchester . 
  one thing i think is interesting is the fact that due the use of meth tends of arise in areas where the demand for imported drugs can not meet supply . 
  the uk , due to its size and geographical location , only has a very small meth market , hard drug users typically being sate with access to crack cocaine and heroin . 
  remote areas in countries with large unpopulated expanses seem to always produce meth because unpopulated areas are suited to its production and because the demand is there for a crack cocaine like drug that does n't depend on import . 
  there 's an analogy to be drawn with what happened in the uk over the last 20 years in the cannabis market . 
  hydroponic weed once being quite rare and being sold as dutch weed and chronic at a higher price , is now the stable of the uk cannabis market , produced almost entirely within the uk , which is why you had the whole `` skunk '' moral panic a while back and tabloids started to cotton on to the change . 
  before then weed was often bad quality hash and stuff like thai stick and weak outdoor grown strains . 
  this just shows who drugs markets behave like any market , attempting to cut out middle men for greater profit and promoting innovation in the name of margins . 
  another example of this is how many different methods of producing mdma have been developed to work around problems with supplying certain materials . 
  sorry for the long post but it 's just something i find interesting . 
  ireland is outside in the car park trying to figure out how to cut the brakes on the family people carrier . 
  ( or in american ), 
  ireland is outside in the parking lot trying to figure out how to cut the brakes on the family suv . 
  i thought the girl sounded like dorothy from wizard of oz . 
  that logic . 
  asides the fact that the war would 've still have been won without america provided russia had still joined in , the only difference being that the allied would 've probably have been slower in opening the western front and thus allowed russia to take all of germany under the ddr . 
  had you never declared independence the whole of the us , its people of resources would 've been available to the british meaning it would 've had far more resources to fight the germans with . 
  hell with so much industry and man power the battle of france may well have been won and the war would 've ended within a couple of years . 
  also the allied would 've probably got the bomb earlier due to the original british nuclear programme having all the resources of the manhattan project from the get go . 
  le nationalist troll is back again with his copypasta, 
  that was incredibly impractical in an age where it took weeks to cross the atlantic and ships frequently sank or had their courses altered by adverse conditions . 
  later in the war i believe there was some thought given to allowing the us to be an autonomous colony as others later became , allowing the creation of an american parliament that would only need to defer to london on the most serious of matters . 
  most annoying statement he 's made, 
   really ? 
  haha : if it was not for the americans , french and the russians , you would ** be ** deutsch sprechen, 
  ... you would be german speak ? 
  that be is just totally unnecessary . 
  `` you would deutsch sprechen '' would be fine . 
  if you 're going to write your insults in denglish at least do it right . 
  yeah , i could see you were n't entirely serious , still it 's interesting to look at how drug scenes are different around the world . 
   the second halftime, 
   football ( the real one ), 
  does not compute . 
  take your gridiron handball game elsewhere . 
  never gets old, 
  that 's just unfucking believable . 
  i never knew it was quite that bad in parts of the us . 
  as someone from a wealthy european nation the idea that there would be some place the emergency services would n't go just seems like the wild west , almost dystopian . 
  seems to totally defeat the purpose of having emergency services , naturally the places they 're most frequently required are the bad/poor areas . 
  hell the police around me are over-vigilant and end out having court cases and giving out warnings and penalties over pointless stuff like throwing a bottle of water or pushing someone . 
  wow , i did n't know that that shit could get you high , i see now why it can be more expensive than you 'd expect , i always thought it was just compressed air . 
  is it really that hard to learn the difference between an australian and a british accent . 
  i can tell the difference between a texan and a damn new yorkers . 
  remember diversity only counts on the basis of shade of skin colour .
