  actually it 's a perfectly correct form of english with its own internal grammatical consistency . 
  in many cases preserving older forms of english than `` standard '' varieties . 
  do n't be such a prescriptivist . 
  i do n't know what your point is . 
  i was n't suggesting it was n't a common word . 
  i 've just never noticed it used , maybe it 's me , i 've only being living and speaking german regularly for about a year . 
  as evidenced by my misuse of getrennt . 
  i 've never heard it used in the classroom but maybe i was off that day . 
  do n't know why i 'm getting a hard time over this . 
  it 's a cob i tells you !, 
  i do n't see how it 's relevant but it 's pretty funny . 
  [ sounds a bit like miranda sings ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=eisnjbcxkko ), 
  yeah that 's why i know it so well haha !, 
  however i thought we could treat paying for the coffee like paying for the restaurant bill , however a previous poster claims no native speaker would do that . 
  are you a native german speaker ? 
  probably some l1 inference because i 'd saying in english `` would you like to pay together or separately ? 
  '' , and then `` 12 dollars altogether or 3 dollars separately '' would be a perfectly legitimate response . 
  the again i 'd probably say `` 12 dollars altogether or 3 dollars each '' which sounds a bit more natural so i can see why getrennt might not be the ideal word choice even if it still makes sense . 
  i 'll also note the paying separately is n't really done the same way in the uk , the waiter will just bring you the bill and it 's up to you to split it , which leads to most people splitting it into 1/2s or 1/3s to be polite , meaning that if you 're a cheap bastard you can order steak whilst your friends eat salad and they end up paying more than they should !, 
  yeah that 's fair enough . 
  i try to stay away from teaching `` dialect '' but stick to forms that are standard at least somewhere . 
  i actually know quite a bit about the differences between various dialects , british and american in particular , but that 's because phonetics is a pet hobby of mine . 
  some students appreciate being told but others just roll their eyes and look at you like your wasting their time teaching the differences . 
  i think these tend to think that all that matters is they can communicate and the nuances do n't matter , but this is n't going to help them when they speak with native speakers rather than merely other people using language as a second language which is when they most often use it . 
  as for the american accent being cool , it differs from person to person , i think the teenagers definitely prefer american but i do n't teach those thankfully haha !, 
  some of the older ones like british because of the old world culture . 
  warshed is pennsylvania , washington and maryland kind of dialect is n't it ? 
  in the uk we tend to say fizzy drink and sometimes pop if we 're being cutesy . 
  if you ask for coke you 'll get coca-cola and soda will mark you as foreign so nobody says it . 
  if you want a cocktail with sparkling water you can ask for soda water though . 
  then again we call sprite a type of lemonade haha . 
  i have a game that is my fall back for every class regardless of level that tends to start things off well . 
  basically i will say `` hi , my name is x and i like y '' , then i 'll encourage a student to say the same . 
  then generally they stop and expect it to move on but then i 'll indicate that they need to say what my name is and what i like . 
  usually they do this incorrectly , just saying the name and thing , so i give them the frame work `` his name is x and he likes y '' . 
  then i 'll point to the next student and they 'll say `` my name is x and i like y '' , but then they 'll generally try and say what my name is but at this point i 'll indicate they have to say what the last student said and what i said . 
  at this stage they generally get the point of the game and it progressively gets harder towards the last student who gets the hardest job , which everyone finds funny and it tends to break the ice a bit . 
  it 's a great game for beginners because it will practice their use of pronouns both nominative and possessive , you can correct them regarding gender , it 's also very easy to instruct with simple language and gestures . 
  it 's also good for more advanced classes because even though it 's very easy for them it breaks the ice and gets them talking a bit , in the break they can address each other by name . 
  finally it 's fantastic for the teacher because you get to hear most people 's names multiple times , and the things they like work as a memetic device to aid remembering them . 
  honestly it does n't matter what the students are like i 've never had this fail or go down badly . 
  the only limitation is that it 's only really worth using on a group of 6 people or higher . 
  i 'll also add that you should have a go at the end so technically you 're the last player . 
  this is good because it shows that you 've learnt all their names straight away . 
  i know a story about a crow ... 
  what the fuck is your problem buddy ? 
  i 'm just explaining some basic linguistics . 
  i think it depends on where you are to be honest . 
  i 've noticed a lot of people here seem to have a very different understanding of teaching than i do . 
  i hear about many teachers who go to asia and think they 're going to make a killing with private tutoring and working in private school teaching the sons and daughters of rich asian families because there is such a high demand . 
  i think this is changing though to some degree , and i see the disillusionment expressed in this subreddit frequently enough . 
  i have no idea what the industry is like there . 
  i teach in germany , there was never a high demand here , but outside of berlin demand is constant . 
  no agency arranged anything for me , nobody paid my flights nor found my accommodation . 
  all that i did myself and was fortunate to find work a few weeks after passing my celta course . 
  most teachers here are not rich , but i do n't think many people go into it with that intention . 
  teaching here seems either to be a job for young people to provide a stable but modest living abroad , the kinds who will be happy getting by on 20 something thousand euros a year from between 20-30 hours teaching a week , or it seems to be a steady career for people who are happy with 30-40k euros a year and a relatively relaxed work environment , the kinds who tend to teach `` full time '' in universities . 
  the people who are at the top of the field are there because they stuck at it , not because they focused on progressing quickly or getting rich . 
  if your goal is to work insanely hard and make insane money i do n't think this is the career . 
  to me in germany this career has just seems like any other teaching career , you can make a stable living from it , and the minority who stick at it can eventually end up on a decent salary after many years . 
  it 's not that different from being a school teacher although a hell of lot less stressful if you ask me , it 's similar in the sense that the rewards come from longevity rather than setting the world alight with your talents . 
  i 'd also note that you might think there are a lot of teachers , but i do n't think most people who teach english as a foreign language stay with it forever , many move on after 5-10 years to different careers , some might decide they want to become regular teachers and go take their regular teaching qualification , some just want to do this job part time because they have children or are married to a breadwinner . 
  i do n't think you can generalise the whole worldwide tefl job market , the world will always need language teachers ( at least till robots surpass us ) . 
  i think you need to think long and hard about what your goals are , if you are extremely motivated and want to work very hard over the next few years to make as much cash as you possibly can then maybe you should change career . 
  if your goal is just to stick with what you enjoy doing but to aim to be on a solid income by the time you 're in your 40-50s then stick at it and work on climbing up the pyramid . 
  ultimately its not your qualifications that matter , in the grand scheme of your entire working life qualifications are n't even that hard to obtain , it 's more about networking yourself in with the right people and developing the right practical skills so you can land that head position in a language school or whatever . 
  personally i 'm young and teaching english is just something i do to support myself , travel and learn languages . 
  i doubt i 'll still be at it in 5 years time , although it 's nice to know i 've got a practical skill to fall back on . 
  anyway good luck choosing the right path for you . 
  you do n't need a degree in germany . 
  it helps but a good tefl qualification and experience count a lot more . 
  in some countries you either need a bachelor 's for the visa or the employers have some close minded idea about only wanting graduates to protect an ethos of being academically elite . 
  employers here realise than a degree in sociology is not going to help you squat in the actual job . 
  i would n't say it 's super hard to find a job here in general . 
  what do you define as total crap ? 
  i would say you encounter rarely encounter crap jobs , the pay is usually reasonable , rather i would say you first problem will probably be filling your schedule with enough hours to full support yourself , but if you save it 's not that hard . 
  furthermore i 'd say it 's unrealistic to expect to find a job without being in the country unless your highly experienced . 
  seems that is a lot more to do with people 's expectations than there being no work . 
  i swear some teachers expect to be pampered in asia , a highly in demand high status westerner , becoming a tefl teacher in europe is just like getting any other job . 
  the good thing is that there are lots of places in where that work is available , if you had a celta , an assoc degree , and a little bit of experience , booked yourself on a flight to any major city in germany asides maybe berlin , took a one month sub-let on a flat , then applied to every language school / business english company in the area i can all but guarantee you that you 'd have some work by the end of the month . 
  nuke london ... after the british helped you build the damn bomb and you welshed on the deal to share the research ... 
  what the fuck did you just fucking say about me , you oppressive shitlord ? 
  i 'll have you know i graduated summa cum laude in my gender studies major , and i 've been involved in numerous secret raids on anonymous , and i have over 300 confirmed privilege checks . 
  i am trained in feminist theory and i 'm the top reblogger in the whole of tumblr . 
  you are nothing to me but just another cis male shit lord . 
  i will make you reassess your patriarchal world view with precision the likes of which has never been seen before on this earth , mark my fucking words . 
  you think you can get away with mansplaining to me over the internet ? 
  think again , fucker . 
  as we speak i am contacting my secret network of bloggers across the usa and your ip is being traced right now so you better prepare for the hatemail , oppressor . 
  the hatemail that wipes out the pathetic little thing you call your inbox . 
  you 're fucking dead , you white male . 
  i can be anywhere , any time , and i can fight the patriarchy in over 700 ways , and that 's just by reposting gifs . 
  not only am i extensively trained in dr who fanfiction , but i have access to the entire arsenal of the trans-gender community and i will use it to its full extent to wipe your miserable ass off the face of the blogosphere , you little shitlord . 
  if only you could have known what righteous rebalancing of power structures your little `` sexist '' comment was about to bring down upon you , maybe you would have paid attention to feminist literature . 
  but you could n't , you did n't , and now you 're paying the price , you goddamn mra . 
  i will shit misandry all over you and you will drown in it . 
  you 're fucking dead , kiddo . 
  better song too !, 
  he was fantasizing about the neighbour 's daughter while fucking his wife ( underage or no , far too young for him ) , as well as getting off on some religious fantasy , while outwards trying to appear a respectable community member , i 'm pretty sure that 's quite hypocritical . 
  poor guy , this is exactly what you need to screen for before you marry haha !,
