  hold has a wider meaning than that, 
  no one says that . 
  what will happen is that some spaces will free up as people either change their mind or take better offers . 
  if i were you i 'd be ringing all the universities that i found to be acceptable and asking the staff there directly . 
  in some cases they might want you to email . 
  i 'm afraid your secondary school grades are going to be the biggest factor dictating which universities will accept you . 
  there is a conversion method to see what your ucas rating is and that 's what universities are going to look at you . 
  lol sounds like a bit of a nutcase , maybe he 'd just racked off a big line of cocaine in the toilets and now was feeling peppy . 
  this is not one of those situations . 
  english is the language of aviation the world over , pilots hold the lives of many people in their hands and knowing english is part of their ability to do the job properly . 
  in most countries the language tests are very stringent , you can not pass with a high competency , the kind of competency that would require years to learn . 
  no ... they should n't be piloting a commercial aeroplane in any air space in the world . 
  it 's really not as hard as you 're making out , anyone with the level of fluency required by the international aviation authorities should be able to understand this . 
  we teach passive forms at b1 level , at this point the students should already know how questions are formed with auxiliaries and be competent with the perfect . 
  the level expected for pilots is much higher than b1 , probably c1 around the same level needed for university study in most english speaking countries . 
  the real problem here is the terrible state of esl in asia . 
  many young asians are taught something that barely resembles the english language as used by native speakers . 
  often their teachers are not native speakers , most of their practice is with other asian people . 
  a lot of time is spent on grammar , vocabulary and translation and not enough spent on speaking and listening exercises . 
  there is a tendency to teach to the test , many asian people seeing english as just another box they need to tick for career and educational purposes , they do not see the language as something they actively need competency in and use day to day . 
  many students from east asia come to english speaking countries having got top marks throughout their life in english only to find once they 're here that people ca n't understand them , that they 've deeply ingrained bad habits due to constant interaction with teachers who also have these mistakes . 
  i teach esl ( not in asia ) and i ca n't tell you how many times i 've had asian students who fall asleep doing the written exercises but you 're barely able to understand , simple things like not being able to voice the different between - d and - t , messing up final consonants and stuff . 
  hey , listen !, 
  i thought it was sawn off . 
  fair enough , i 'd just never seen sawed-off before . 
  i know what the sub is for , it has stuff on there is legitimately bad linguistics , like people saying how english does n't have grammar or how hindi is actually the original proto-indo-european and stuff . 
  however way too much of that sub is just people circlejerking about how much smarter they are than the plebs who dislike stuff like `` could care less '' and `` literally '' . 
  frankly i think the whole thing is retarded . 
  elements of language being disliked because ordinary people feel they are illogical , unattractive or show a lack of education seems to me to be just as an authentic part of language evolution as the creation of new words or the appropriation of older ones to new purposes . 
  many people , as evidenced by this thread , do n't like `` could care less '' and do believe it 's illogical . 
  this is n't `` bad linguistics '' , most of these people would n't read a book on linguistics if you paid them , they are not prescriptivists sitting at home weeping into their grammar books despairing at how communication will soon become impossible because of the corruption of language , they 're just people who think the phrase is illogical despite knowing that when it 's used it means the same as when they say `` could n't care less '' . 
  too many people with linguistic backgrounds seem to think they are now required to have this smug superior attitude whenever anyone criticises some way of speaking , to me it just seems like a way to feel superior to ordinary people who have n't been enlightened by the smugness that prevails in some linguistic circles . 
  every time some group of speakers starts using something differently they get a hard on over how fascinating and special it is , however if some perfectly average joe says he does n't like it because he thinks it sounds stupid he 's inherently ignorant and does n't understand how language works . 
  frankly i think this makes them just as bad as the real prescriptivist linguists of previous generations who told ordinary people that they were wrong for using some authentically and naturally evolved way of speaking , as all they 're doing instead is telling them that some perfectly authentic and natural feeling towards a way of speaking is also wrong . 
  it 's not like they linked some some specific part of this thread where someone gave some bullshit explanation , they just linked to the whole thing , as far as i can see david mitchell is not a linguist , he 's just a comedian who is parroting what a lot of people think already . 
  what ? 
  sawned is not a word . 
  yes but i 'm close to retirement and have almost paid off a gigantic mortgage , how am i so survive if i do n't see my house double in value every 10 years !, 
  fuck you , got mine , i 'll never be poor and i 'll be dead before society completely collapses !, 
  it 's all the fault of the bloody immigrants and the lazy youngsters with their playboxs and sense of entitlement 's fault anyway !, 
  just because i benefited from free higher education and affordable housing market does n't mean they should !, 
   i 'm a dawkins level militant atheist, 
  only in america, 
  years ago i had some major road rage in a situation like this . 
  it was night , it was raining and i was doing about 60mph in a 50 . 
  some fat bitch was behind me riding my ass with only a few metres space . 
  i did some light brake checks , not the kind that actually slow you down just the kind that flash the brake lights . 
  well anyway that just made her mad and she started riding even harder , pulling out to the side to make it seem like she was going to overtake despite there being no safe stretches to overtake on this stretch of road . 
  anyway she does this for a while and then i just get the red mist . 
  i pull into the centre of the road when we get to a straight where she 'd be able to overtake , naturally i 'm checking for oncoming traffic , and then slow down to 10 fucking mph , blocking the entire road so she ca n't do shit . 
  then i just sit there for a good minute or so while she 's going ballistic beeping and swearing out the window at me . 
  i only let her pass when i saw oncoming traffic , which meant she still had to hang around for it to come through , and then when she tried to pass i put my foot to the floor to make it as difficult as possible . 
  i 'm not proud of this because ultimately it was a dangerous piece of driving , but seriously fuck anyone who thinks what she did was ok . 
  i do n't care what your emergency is that 's not excuse to put everyone 's life at risk with reckless tailgating . 
  underage sex means different things in different parts of the world . 
  technically in thailand 15 in the age of consent , but it 's 18 if for money . 
  also there is a law that says if someone under 18 but older than 15 has sex but then later regrets it or feels exploited , it can still be charged . 
  personally i do n't see sex with someone over the age of consent ( whether that be 15 or 16 as it typically is here in europe ) to be `` underage sex '' ( bit of a tautology there ) , just very creepy if one party is significantly older . 
  naturally if it 's sex for money then that 's exploitative unless the younger party is over 18 . 
  fapping to dawkins and the other public figure heads of `` new atheism '' . 
  it 's more like `` i are speaking germans ... shit , i pardon . 
  reddit is americans and i are autometic thinking english the language standard be . '', 
  actually word for word the right thing to do after a while :p sure when you have no clue about a language google translate is your best shot at getting a semi-grammatical sentence , however it wo n't take too long for your sentence construction to exceed the capacity of google . 
  google does well with short literal sentences , most of the time it will conjugate and decline for you properly , however it still really fucks up sentences with lots of clauses and idioms . 
  the best tool is http://www.linguee.de/ if you ask me , because you can actually see your word used in context in translation so you can get a feel for whether you 're using it correctly . 
  - adjectival form of `` deutsch '' rather than noun form, 
  - `` entschuldigen '' indicative mood , literally `` i pardon '' should be using the imperative mood `` enschuldigen sie '' or less formally a simple noun form `` entschuldigung '', 
  - used noun `` amerikaner '' , meaning an american / americans , rather than the adjective `` amerikanisch '' , should not be capitalised . 
  - `` automatisch '' in the wrong position, 
  - `` automatisch '' sounds weird ( to me at least !, 
  maybe i 'm wrong here ), 
  - incorrect conjugation of `` denken '', 
  - no comma to open a new clause, 
  - no `` dass '' to introduce a new subject, 
  - `` standard '' used as an adjective, 
  - `` standard '' not declined, 
  - failed to capitalised `` sprache '', 
  - word order wrong for the noun clause , verb should go to the end . 
  - failed to use the irrealis mood for something that is n't the case , which also fucks up the previous clause . 
  i 'd go with : -, 
  how did i do ? 
  german be hard . 
  are the non-german speakers bored yet ? 
  lol neither does sawed-off oo ? 
  you 'd need a sauled-off for that . 
  seriously though the translation he made is pretty sas and so is the attitude of the guy . 
  it 's not the fact that he speaks english or asks for advice , although it is pretty funny that he asked in / r/schland, 
  see they do n't teach us this stuff and end up sounding like textbooks !, 
  old people and technology drives me mad . 
  i helped my neighbour / family friend buy a tablet which she thought was great . 
  however the amount of stress it causes her and vicariously me when she wants it `` fixing '' just drives me up the bleeding wall . 
  most of the time it 's just updated or something , one time she 'd just turned wi-fi off somehow , another time it did actually break after an update due to corrupt files and i had to reformat which led to a whole host of complaints despite the fact that before that battery was draining at 1 % per 20 seconds and the thing was unusable . 
  what is it with old people are not being able to figure out how technology works , it 's like they are only able to learn a series of actions by rote and the moment something does n't go as planned they give up . 
  i was wondering if we 're starting to see a less technologically able generation . 
  here 's my theory , older generations ( the typical people your age ) are on the whole crap at technology because most did n't use it until later in life , and current generations the average is typically what you 'd call tech savvy ( can use phone , apps , windows/mac os with relative ease ) . 
  however here 's the kicker . 
  amongst technical folk often it 's the older people who are better , because they were working in tech back when it was only for the hardcore , they had to learn things before there were thousands of pages dedicated to helping you accessible at a click of a button . 
  the problem i see with young kids now is that although they use technology a lot they do n't know basic stuff like what a file directory is because they simply have n't had to know that in order to use their computer . 
  as the technology gets slicker and more and more user friendly people actually become less technologically capable , because it 's not required of them to do anything to use a super slick ui that handles all the hard stuff for them . 
  even stuff like coding is getting smarter , coders in 30 years time will not have to be as remotely as thorough or accurate because they will be coding with programmes that are adept at eliminating human error and tweaking things according to what you want to achieve rather than relying on the programmer to get it right .
