  you think there are no academic theologians who are atheists ? 
  good point . 
  i think there was a time around 08/09 that pills got so shit that everyone wanted mandy as the new thing , probably means now all the pills are pure and all the mandy is shit . 
  you think someone who is essentially a philosopher who 's dedicated their life to the study of the metaphysical possibility of god would not be best placed to put forward arguments against the possibility of god ? 
  seems kind of perverse to me . 
  the truth is someone like this would be able to engage religious people on their own grounds and counter their arguments . 
  whilst having someone like dawkins in makes it nothing more than a showboating match . 
  metaphysics ... 
  evidence ? ... 
  you 're expecting induction to disprove religion ? 
  no it 's really not . 
  i 'm sorry but the ideas that your putting forward at the epitome of the dawkins style intellectually deplete vacuous atheism that pervades reddit . 
  it 's epistemologically flawed to say it 's even possible to disprove there exists objective evidence of a supreme being ( it 's also epistemologically flawed to use the term objective evidence but we 'll let it slide since i know what you mean ) . 
  see there is absolutely no point engaging in a debate about the existence of god if you 're not to get into epistemology . 
  sure you can say `` well to me there is no evidence of god 's existence '' , but you know what the religious person is going to disagree . 
  nothing productive comes of it . 
  it 's truly the philosophical illiteracy of our generation that makes debates so futile . 
  it 's not a question of `` objective evidence '' , it 's a question of how we know what we know , and to answer that question science is woefully ill equipped . 
  in fact the very existence of science is predicated upon our epistemological understanding , and to be so called enlightened atheist who wo n't engage with that is to be a hypocrite of the highest order . 
  i ca n't say nascar appeals , i just do n't get it . 
  if i was going to watch racing i 'd watch f1 or rally , but i ca n't say i 'm am huge fan of that either . 
  indy 500 is just a damn catchy name that 's all . 
  ca n't say i know a whole lot about the state , that 's pretty much the extent of my knowledge . 
   to go back to my main point : believing that it would somehow be more productive for a theologian to argue for atheism is nonsense , since atheism bases itself on the scientific method and as such knowledge of religion is irrelevant and knoweldge of the scientific method would seem more appropriate . 
  i accept your point except for this bit . 
  atheism historically has never been about the scientific method . 
  the scientific method is constantly changing as we understand more and more about the possibilities for knowledge . 
  to believe that the scientific method is fixed and obvious as many redditors do is to think like victorian . 
  in my opinion the only reason you think this is because of the appropriation of the term by demagogues like dawkins , and the legions of people who subscribe to this wrong headed thinking . 
  i 'm not with you on this one . 
  the lunch , whilst being less than nutritious , was n't really as appalling as the reaction suggests . 
  unless the meal can be thought of as warranting neglect i really do n't think it 's the school 's responsibility to do anything about it . 
  in my opinion if this is sas it 's the way it 's been handled so hysterically and nothing to do with a father giving his daughter less than optimal nutrition . 
  asking for a source does n't really make sense . 
  i suggest you start with the history of the philosophy of science . 
  from law based methodology , through logical positivism , popper , kuhn , feyerabend and so on . 
  i really do n't know who was teaching you at university but they should be fired if they really taught you that scientific methodology is something that does n't evolve over time . 
  eggs chopped finely , watercress and mayonnaise . 
  white sliced bread with the crusts cut off , cut into triangles never rectangles . 
  i did n't know that about bourbon , i associated that with kentucky and tennessee actually . 
  i think lots of america has tonnes of corn ( or maize as i would call it ) . 
  did n't know that about basketball either , you must fucking love it . 
  it was invented in england do n't you know !, 
  thanks for enlightening me anyway . 
  i now know more about indiana than i previously did . 
  ok well my point was that the scientific method changes and has changed and that 's pretty much what it shows . 
  to say all these still involve evidence is begging the question , since science by necessity involves application of inductive methods to empirical subject matter . 
  if we move beyond that , into the realm of formal logic for example , then we are no longer doing science . 
   it does not change the fact that without empirical evidence it is impossible to truly debate it, 
  this does n't make sense to me , what is it ? 
  we debate things all the time without empirical evidence . 
  the whole field of mathematics forgoes empirical evidence in favour of logical necessity . 
   in fact , karl popper said that an unfalsifiable theory can not be argued , which does reinforce the atheists ' point of view . 
  it 's also widely accepted that the tenets of logical positivism and related theories have failed . 
  neither verification nor falsification principles can be upheld . 
  essentially what modern day atheists are doing is returning to a century old notion that it 's impossible to talk meaningfully about something unless we physically verify its properties , which is just an idea that goes nowhere . 
  there are truths that a neither tautological nor empirical . 
  what i accept is n't that we have to believe in god , merely that when we take a stance like atheism we are talking a metaphysical position that goes beyond what we can look at with empirical evidence , but in this i also have respect for people who disagree , insofar that i do n't ridicule them by thinking that science disproves religion or that religion requires empirical proof to be meaningful . 
  if they often talk about those things , good on them . 
  it does n't stop them also being public renown for debates with theists and even writing dreadful books on the matter in dawkins ' case . 
  well i do n't agree . 
  at its simplest someone who is actually knowledgeable on the types of arguments that religious people would make to justify themselves would create a far more interesting debate . 
  what is the point of having a scientist debate a religious person when the religious belief does n't justify itself upon empirical evidence . 
  unless the scientist is actually a philosopher who holds the belief that only empirical and tautological truths exists ( not a position held by modern thinkers ) then what 's the point . 
  it 's not a meaningful debate . 
  it 's like this . 
   i have never heard that , though maybe you may enlighten me on what you mean by that . 
  logical positivism has been dead since quine 's `` two dogma 's of empiricism '' . 
  the simplest rejection of verification and falsification principles is that neither can be shown to be either tautological nor be subject to themselves . 
  the very statement `` a proposition must be in theory able to be falsified in order to be meaningful '' can not be falsified . 
  of course there are a number of other reasons why the notion that such thinking is faulty , but generally almost nobody considers this way of thinking to be valid today . 
  edit : i 'm sorry but you ca n't even begin to debate the existence of god without beginning the look at our perception of reality . 
  that 's the point i 'm making . 
  to suggest science is able to dissuade someone from a religious mode of thinking is like expecting us to find evidence of god under a rock . 
  in fact this is how i see the modern atheism debate . 
  theist : i believe in god on the basis of an argument not grounded in empirical evidence . 
  atheist : ha , there 's no empirical evidence for your belief !, 
  theist : so are you saying that we should only belief in things we can find empirical evidence for ? 
  atheist : no, 
  theist : so why am i wrong in my belief ? 
  atheist : omg you dumb !, 
  cargo cults !, 
  evolution !, 
  all the world 's arguments are based in religion !, 
  theist : ... 
  i 'm not interested in a your generation is worse than my generation debate . 
  that 's childish and pathetic . 
  also some of the claims you 're making are pretty outlandish . 
   current production standards for media were developed then, 
  really ? 
  that 's delusional . 
   the younger generation brought us boring parties , monotone music , zero privacy , facebook , the likes culture , tldr , memes , and brostep, 
  again really ? 
  are memes a bad thing ? 
  is all dubstep = brostep to you old man ? 
  were we in charge of the government naturally in our teens . 
  a very influential demographic i 'm sure . 
   the shallowness of your culture is shocking really, 
  my culture ? 
  seriously you are completely full of it .
