  in the uk small claims court is like an arbitration , since there 's often not lawyers present it 's up to the magistrate . 
  194k us dollars tax free . 
  does n't sound too bad . 
  [ this gets posted all the time but what the fuck ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihsagavhmvw ), 
  you 're eating chopped omelette ( du fromage ! ), 
  grow a set . 
  `` wet '' really ... shall i dry your soup sir ? 
  your country is super fussy and people would probably accuse the chef of trying to poison them with salmonella if they did n't cook the shit out of them . 
  look at all the other comments on here if you do n't believe me , i 'm sorry but it 's true , americans have a low gross out tolerance . 
  in europe we 're raised on haggis , jellied eels , frogs legs and bl\u00fctwurst , so we can hack it . 
  i was brought up with `` it 's not how it looks , but how it tastes and whether it kills you '' , consequently i 've never found a food i do n't like , i 'd probably even like surstr\u00f6mming . 
  we do n't care but we 're really angry about it and will write long shitposts telling you how much we do n't care . 
  [ i 'm doing it for today 's 10000 ] ( http://xkcd.com/1053/ ) . 
  ironically also posted all the time . 
  andorra huge . 
  can into relevance now . 
  i 'd like to sell you this rock that keeps away tigers . 
   lots of cunts out there, 
  if you got to know your tenants then you 'd be able to weed out the cunts . 
  since you apparently have so many baying at the door that should n't be a problem . 
   how exactly ? 
  i need proof of them getting that letter for when i sue them because they did n't move out and still wo n't pay their rent . 
  for a serious answer , i 'm pretty sure once a letter is sent then it does n't even need to be opened or arrive to be legally binding . 
  you could do that recorded mail thing you mention and that would be enough . 
   it 's really not . 
  the company renting you a car is also not selling you a service , nor is the one where one rents dvds or similar . 
  i 'm afraid they bloody are . 
  every legal transaction is defined as either providing goods or a service . 
  when you rent a car you are providing a service , the service of car rental , you are paid for taking on certain responsibilities such as insurance , maintenance , collection and provision of the vehicle you own in return for a fee . 
   how exactly are they respecting me by asking me for service they are n't paying me for ? 
  in the modern world , minor inconveniences like taking the time to send letters , responding to phone calls , replying to emails , things that directly facilitate your business , are considered part of the service . 
  maybe not in your world , but in most of humanities , they 're part of the service . 
  if it bothers you show charge an extra 20 euros per month correspondence fee , seems rather dickish to me though . 
   then i would get a new building from the insurance , how is that going to inconvenience me ? 
  third degree burns ? 
  insurance company contests the claim ? 
  being out of pocket for months on end whilst they decide to pay ? 
  unsatisfactory evaluation of the property ? 
   most of those people do n't want to live there . 
  they are just the ones that were n't able to leave , like all the others did . 
  actually lots of people wanted to live in berlin in the 90s , it just happened they had a massive surplus of crappy accommodation . 
   yeah , if i had 50 of those i would be hiring my own employees to do that . 
  i doubt that would be cost efficient , you 'd probably find agencies offered much more reasonable fees for such a large contract . 
  especially with the cost of employing people in germany . 
   how exactly would i get to know them before they live in my apartment ? 
  because after they moved in there is practically no way to evict them again , unless they actually stop paying rent and even then that takes six months . 
  at a viewing ? 
   holy shit , you can not be serious . 
  of course it has to arrive . 
  and i need proof of that arrival . 
  [ no ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/posting_rule#english_case_law ), 
  [ it 's a service ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/goods_and_services ), 
   yeah , that 's not possible . 
  you should know that . 
  add it to the rent , unless 20 euros is going to make you uncompetitive / s, 
   yeah , i 'm not living there . 
  that 'd be ridiculous . 
  visiting, 
   why would they do that ? 
  i have all my paperwork . 
  if they would still do that i sue them and get a new building . 
  oh and they will be paying all the costs . 
  insurance companies have whole division dedicated only to trying to find ways not to pay . 
  you could 've overlooked something or some technicality may have arisen . 
   well , yeah , that 'd inconveniencing , but so what . 
  you lose thousands of euros . 
  so what . 
   do n't understand who would be doing the evaluating of what ? 
  maybe the value of the property has risen since you insured it leaving you out of pocket . 
   if i need the services of x people it is always cheaper to employ those x people myself instead of paying someone else a profit to do that . 
  cool story , that 's why sub-contraction is such a fucking massive part of the economy right ? 
  it 's not ridiculous and if you 're laughing because it 's an idiot . 
  it 's pure logic . 
  in contract law the acceptor of a contract is not responsible for delivery of the letter of acceptance into the hands of the offerer since the offer is considered open upon its delivery to the acceptor . 
  only if the offerer retracts the offer before the acceptor makes an action to accept the offer ( such as posting a letter ) , then the agreement is nullified . 
  this also makes sense because it avoids unfair play whereby the offerer intercepts the acceptance before it `` arrives '' and retracts the offer to test the water . 
  i 'll be straight with you . 
  you are comically demonstrating every negative german stereotype that i 've ever heard . 
  you 're anally obsessed with regulation , distrusting of your fellow human being in an almost autistic fashion , somewhat selfish , and superficially logical to the point where you miss the inherent meaning of things behind what is apparent . 
  this conversation has become fruitless , but frankly i 'm glad that the people that think as you do are dying out in their droves . 
   you can not hold anyone to something he does n't even know of . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  seriously . 
  try pleading ignorance in a criminal case, 
   remind me , how many countries in the world use the common law ? 
  and do you have any explanation why they are in the minority ? 
  the ones that have dominated the world do . 
   it 's fire insurance . 
  the building burned down . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm covered . 
  naive as fuck . 
   what am i losing ? 
  i am getting all that money from the insurance . 
  i 'm getting the lost rent from the insurance , the cost of the hotel rooms for tenants , guess who pays that ? 
  the insurance . 
  and all other costs too . 
  often not until the claim has been made as a back payment in case something untoward shows up . 
   the insurance automatically adjusts each year and pays what it will costs to build a similar building in size and quality again . 
  value of that property is irrelevant . 
  not always accurately reflecting the market .
