  everything on a film set is designed to minimise cost and maximise efficiency . 
  it 's often costing hundreds of thousands a day just to keep all the people who need to be there where they need to be . 
  all the sets cost money to set up and take down , having to reconstruct a set and reshoot would cost way too much . 
  what they actually do is take loads and loads of raw footage and let the editors do the work . 
  this means repeating a scene dozens of times and shooting the same shit from dozens of angles . 
  when you 've got 30 good takes recorded from 20 different angles , then the editors have everything they need to make it look as good as possible . 
  what you 're actually seeing is unfinished editing . 
  the editors no doubt stopped working on the scene once the director decided he 's scene enough of it to know it was n't worth keeping . 
  lol, 
   up the wazoo . 
  the expression is `` out the wazoo '' but i like what you 've said here better . 
  this is parody right ? 
  no , it 's the other way around i 'm afraid . 
  it 's well documented historically that the `` u speak '' version rhymes with gone , and the `` non-u '' version rhymes with stone . 
  you can read about [ u-speak here ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/u_and_non-u_english ), 
  that 's not what i 've said at all . 
  all i 've done is point out the posh people say `` scone '' to rhyme with `` gone '' . 
  just because that 's the posh pronunciation does n't mean that pronunciation is exclusively posh . 
  `` scone '' to rhyme with `` gone '' was actually said by both the working class and the upper class . 
  `` scone '' to rhyme with `` stone '' was historically considered an affectation of the middle classes , if you said it that way it marked you as not belonging to the upper class . 
  this pattern is not unheard in english phonology and word usage . 
  often working class and upper class speech would remain more conservative and less affected , as they simply spoke the way they 'd learnt as a child , whereas middle class people would take up new linguistic fashions in an attempt to seem more refined and cultured . 
  people often mistakenly believed that speaking in a way that better reflected the written form of the language , or with less elision and contractions , made them sound better educated and refined , when most often than not it had the opposite effect . 
  this is how you get things like hyper corrections , people saying things like `` give the assignment to julia and i '' , because people make corrections when they need n't , arguable the `` stone '' pronunciation of `` scone '' is one of these hypercorrections based on spelling . 
  honestly i do n't care what you say , i say `` scon '' because that 's what my grandmother used and she was the only person in my family who regularly ate them ( that 's ate to rhyme bet , not hate ) . 
  if i 'd been raised amongst `` s-cone `` ers then i 'd probably be different . 
   scone rhymes with cone is the best way . 
  that 's a dumb thing to say . 
  there is no such thing as a best pronunciation , english pronunciation is incredibly arbitrary . 
  either pronunciation is fine , i 'm not judging anyone , i was just pointing out a historical fact . 
  my point was merely that historically `` scon '' is the posh pronunciation , as used by the british upper class who are the definition of posh . 
  edit : you can tut if you like but you 're tutting for a really stupid reason . 
   huh ? 
  you 've confudled me . 
  it 's silly sunday and i 'm a bit drunk . 
  you said ( just gon na use gone and cone instead ) gone is posh and cone is not posh , but some non-posh people say gone and some posh people say scone ? 
  only middle people called it cone because they want to be gone people but did n't realise that posh people say gone not cone ? 
  cone people only say cone because they think it makes them special ? 
  historically ... posh people said gone and poor people said gone . 
  middle class people , who wanted to be posh , often said cone because they thought it sounded posher , not actually knowing that posh people said gone . 
  it 's not like they personally wanted to be special , it was probably just a common mistake people made that caught on amongst the middle class because when they heard it they were inclined think it sounded posher . 
  it may have also become the case that saying cone was a way the middle class showed that they were n't working work , as most working class people said gone , and that middle class people , not knowing that the upper classes said gone , assumed that middle class people said cone because it was `` posh '' or `` proper '' to do so . 
   my friend and me are confused . 
  me confused . 
  me no care ... apart from , yeah , i get what you mean . 
  i do n't think of it with cone and gone , but i definitely notice it with things like `` read julia and i the book , please '' . 
  but , that 's probably the new affectation : knowing that `` read i the book '' is wrong , and should be me . 
  unless you 're an avid reader/writer , i do n't see why it 's important . 
  we all know that julia and i would like someone to read us a book . 
  none of this really matters . 
  this is n't downton abbey , people do n't care about the nuances of speech that much these days . 
  i point just pointing out that it 's a common misconception to believe that cone is refined and traditionally posh and gone is unrefined and historically working class . 
  the queen definitely says gone and not cone . 
  ate to rhyme with bet is the historically upper class one there . 
  i know it 's a joke in the uk , it 's just a joke that i was trying to explain the history behind . 
  i was being seriously because the guy told me to fuck off just for citing something that is historically accurate . 
  well i am a king . 
  while it is sufficient to say that i am connaissant of the particularities of u-speak . 
  as i recline on my settee in the lounge of my beautiful home i must beg your pardon , as it 's not something that i , myself , subscribe to . 
  why is s-cone sensible ? 
  one , gone , shone , none , done etc. 
  `` s-cone '' does n't sound posh to anyone actually posh though , much like sticking your little finger out when drinking tea , it 's one of those things that popular folk mythology deems posh but in reality is anything but . 
  the point i 'm trying to make that from a linguistic point of view neither pronunciation is `` more sensible '' , there is no inherent logic that makes `` s-cone '' better than `` scon '' . 
  you say that obviously the closest word is scone , but that 's not really the case . 
  when you want to think how to say `` close '' for example you do n't immediately look at the word `` lose '' as a guide from pronunciation simply because it 's only one letter different , it 's the vowel that 's important in determining which vowel sound a word will make , so `` rose '' or `` nose '' are just as useful . 
  english is notorious bad for this , each vowel and grouping of vowels having multiple possible sounds they can be correlated with in speech . 
  many languages are happy to stick to one set of letters corresponding to just one sound . 
  so ultimately the word `` cone '' is no more useful as a guide to the pronunciation than `` gone '' or `` done '' or `` one '' . 
  you could argue that more '' - one '' containing words in english sound like `` stone '' and not like `` gone '' , but that would mean that logically you should feel the same way about words like `` gone '' , `` done '' , `` none '' , etc. 
  as you do about `` scone '' , in that they 're just as illogical . 
  in 2015 the uk 's gdp per capita was calculated by the imf at $ 43.7 k. 
  that puts the uk 's gdp per capita above about 10 us states . 
  that bullshit about the uk being the poorest state is based on the ppp adjusted figures , which is n't really fair , it 's like say that california would be the richest country in the world by ppp adjusted gdp per capita if it just happened to be in china . 
  depends what you 're measuring . 
  median will tell you more about the average person 's earning , sure , but it can also be skewed by inequality too . 
  no one is denying that the german motivation for conquering was greatly motivated by the german desire to not play second fiddle to britain and france with their empires . 
  that said , the german methods for trying to obtain its own empire , total war with most of europe , was considerably more evil that britain 's cunning use of flags technique . 
  median reduces effects of extreme wealth divide on the figure . 
  however , being the `` middle number '' it does n't tell you anything about the polarity of on either side of that number . 
  it 's still possible to have high inequality and a higher median , it just requires the split between rich and poor to be roughly 50/50 . 
  that said , these sas people only care about nationalistic dickwaving anyway , the average person is the last thing on their mind . 
  antarctica is n't just some lawless crap of land in south america mate . 
  it has some of the strictest rules and regulations just like everybody else , enforced by the various countries that have jurisdiction over it . 
  sure , if you can do it . 
  however , most good british programmes have a special place in my heart because they started strong and ended strong , sure i was wanting more , but as a british person i 'm used to not always getting what i want . 
  most good american shows , however , at least the ones that that started good , just trailed off into mediocrity . 
  at sometimes i just gave up on them , which meant i gave on the characters and plot investment , leaving a slightly bitter taste in the mouth . 
  did you see the films ? 
  the second one in particular was just dreadful , they 'd clearly run out of ideas . 
  some of us with humanities degrees went into it because we did n't have much other choice . 
  yes and no . 
  prior to the global recession there was a lot more recruitment in soft sectors like business , marketing , pr , copywriting etc. 
  a lot of big companies and corporations had open door recruitment programmes where a respectable university degree would be enough to at least get your foot in the door , the training being provided by the company . 
  we left school during an economic boom ( remember when 1 gbp = 2 usd ) , the mentality was far more focused on going to the best most prestigious university you could rather than necessarily studying the was most respected or useful subject . 
  then again , it 's very different in the uk . 
  at 16 you pick 4 subjects , at 17 you pick three . 
  by 18 you are expected to know exactly what you want to study at university , where you usually study a single subject . 
  multiple subject study is possible , but if want to study multiple subjects you 're expected to pick that at 18 as well , additionally a ba in `` maths and philosophy '' is not the same as a maths or a philosophy ba , so doing so is a compromise . 
  the problem is that the subjects you pick to continue with at 16 will dictate which university courses you 'll meet the requirements for , you 're highly unlikely to get onto a maths course if you pick english lit , history , french , and psychology for example , they 're going to expect at least maths and physics . 
  effectively this means that i chose not to do a stem subject at 16 , and when i was 16 i did n't know jack shit about what degrees meant in terms of employment prospects as a graduate .
