  looool . 
  mate , what 's sad is you legitimately believe that shit . 
  i was just reflecting your ridiculous cultural arrogance back at you as a parody to reap some sweet karma ( when you complained about richard 's cambridge educated accent ) . 
  fyi look at how many downvotes you 've received , guess even your countrymen do n't agree with you . 
  the reality is that english is from england , richard speaks the queen 's english , a language that dominated the planet . 
  even today tefl is dominated by british english and not the myriad of dialects that make up american english . 
  fyi lots of people have a hard time hearing your half-dutch bubble gum accent , lots of people have to watch anything that is n't standard hollywood with subtitles , why do you think the trans-atlantic accent was a thing ? 
  american media literally had to anglify american dialects to make them understandable to non-americans . 
  if you want people to accept american english as `` real english '' you could at least do the same for other widely spoken ways of speaking english , especially if they hail from countries where english has been spoken a lot longer than your own . 
  so , now we see what it really is , you 're a massive british hating xenophobe weeaboo with a hard on for the american flag . 
  if it makes you feel better america is at least as hated globally as britain is ( maybe more so ) . 
   it 's bad enough barely anybody can understand the garbage that flows out of your mouths through those fat cheeks and fucked up teeth , the worst part is you still think you matter . 
  haha , fat ? 
  from an american ? 
  laughable . 
  the irony is that it was britain that used to be the global hate cushion because it ruled the world , but now its you , you fucking idiot . 
  everyone hates you . 
   china , thailand , vietnam , phillippines , they 're all outpacing you by miles . 
  well , we 're literally the most powerful nation on the planet . 
  japan ? 
  still outpaces you . 
  cool story bro . 
  tell me when you conquer 1/3 of the world 's land mass and get back to me . 
   your loud , disgusting english . 
  that 's not even a sentence . 
  perhaps you do need english lessons . 
   cambridge-educated accent ? 
  sounds like he learned in a sewer to me . 
  i 'm sure you know better than the professors at one of the oldest educational institutions in the history of mankind . 
   i would assume these downvotes come from brits who think their accent is something that people throughout the world outside of their little inbred communities actually understand ( it is n't ) . 
  which is why cambridge english is the largest publisher of english learning resources and also moderates the most popular english language assessment course ( one recognised in academic institutions globally , including in america ) the world over . 
  primarily teaching british english of course . 
  you 're actually being downvoted by your own countrymen , the ones with sufficient education to understand that trying to dismiss different national dialects ( especially the one from the nation where the language evolved ) is ignorant as fuck . 
   lol , i still think it 's hilarious that you even have a queen ( barbarians ) . 
  i think you 're confused with civilised , a product of actually having a history and not living on the lands of other peoples , stolen through murder and torture . 
   but sure , english comes from that part of the world and us americans perfected it . 
  we speak it more clearly and it is universally understood . 
  if it 's so well understood why is british english the basis for educational syllabuses the world over ? 
  why do studies show that even american children respond with to the rp accent ( similar to what richard speaks ) ? 
   whenever people of any other nation are speaking to a brit they have to continually ask them to repeat what they said because their english is simply indecipherable for most ( unlike american english ) . 
  yes , that 's simply not true . 
  in fact most europeans will have come into more contact with british english speakers than americans . 
  it 's also more common for people to want to speak british english , because they see it as original and giving the impression of education . 
   i 'm simply remarking on the fact that everybody understands american english , whereas barely anybody can understand the garbage accent of brits . 
  apart from american children it seems , as all the studies seem to indicate . 
   whenever i see brits as i travel ( i travel around the world , been doing so for nearly three years now ) and they start speaking with those loud , rambunctious , rude voices , the accent physically hurts me . 
  i assume it 's the same type of uncomfortable pain one must go through when receiving a spinal tap ... and feeling that liquid drainout of them ever so slowly . 
  funny , because in the rest of the world it 's almost universally the stereotype that americans are loud obnoxious tourists . 
  never heard that stereotypes about brits who are widely perceived as quieter . 
  in my personal experience you can hear the nasally vowels and frog like - r sounds of an american tourist at 50 metres away as the unusual mouth sounds resonate so far . 
   your insults suck . 
  `` a non-japanese person ( especially one of caucasian ancestry ) who is obsessed with japan and behaves in a stereotypically japanese manner . '', 
  you tried to tie that one in with having a hardon for the american flag ? 
  seriously ? 
  it 's clear you an american nationalist with weeaboo tendencies ( yellow fever maybe ? 
  ) , given how you 're listing asian countries with terrible human rights records as examples of countries that are more advanced than the uk in your perverted mind . 
   you see , one of the key differences here is that people do n't like british people . 
  cool story bro . 
  i 've travelled the world a great deal and can say without any qualms that it 's not the case . 
   most of the world loves american people regardless of what they think about american politics . 
  no , they love your money . 
  lots of them assume you are ignorant , fat , entitled pricks who are going to make our cities ugly and brash through your very presence . 
  [ here 's a good video on what the world really thinks of you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=igk4xvzwocw ) . 
  america is so important to the world that every bar i 've walked into in every country i 've been to so far on the planet ( including your own dank , overcast , miserable hell hole of a country ) has on its tv ... american politics . 
  none of them have on any british politics . 
  in fact , i hear britains discussing america more than they do their own country . 
  ironic when reddit has been literally flooded with british election bullshit for the past few days to the point where people have been complaining about it . 
   yeah , nearly every brit i 've met is a fat inbred fuck . 
  which makes sense , considering about 35.7 % of american adults are considered obese ... while a whopping 62 % in england . 
  that 's just factually incorrect . 
  have a source :, 
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_body_mass_index_ ( bmi ), 
  america 33.7 % , britain 28 % . 
  so you 're factually wrong i 'm afraid . 
   the hilarious thing is that uk people do n't even get this . 
  due to some cognitive dissonance and a faint memory of their glorious past when they actuallly mattered , they have this idea that they are somehow more liked , indeed even healthier than their more powerful , respected , healthier american counterparts . 
  you 're either trolling or delusional . 
  either way i do n't really care . 
   the funny thing is i make a beautiful high six-figure income as a writer . 
  i hire editor monkeys to take care of the small stuff . 
  thanks for doing it for free !, 
  or you 're someone who talks shit on the internet ( you come off like a hack trying to sell a pyramid scheme or self-improvement programme fyi ) . 
  i 'm going to apply occam 's razor . 
   at least people understand me when i talk , 
  keep thinking what you want mate . 
  and keep bumming around asia exploiting cultures with a far smaller gdp than your own so you have pretend to have friends and be doing something meaningful with your life . 
  i 'm sure you 're going to go far as writer , everyone wants a writer who is wildly xenophobic and feigns being unable to understand one of the most prominent dialects on the planet . 
  i bet you do n't even pay tax in those countries where you reside you parasite . 
  poverty tourist is the term i believe . 
  edit : have some more sources on how american english is perceived . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find more reasons to deny reality :, 
  bravo !, 
  i think people do n't drink because being full can make exercise uncomfortable , which in turn can make you feel like you 're going to puke . 
  fine if you 're doing a 5k , not fine if you 're doing a full day of constant exertion . 
  do n't forget we 're broke !, 
  your labour is literally worth nothing !, 
  only billionaire entrepreneurs are useful human beings !, 
  you should be glad of your measey pay packet !, 
  you should be glad you 're not made to work for free in boris johnson 's cake mines to sell to the french !, 
  there 's no magic money tree , only billions going off-shore because international corporation ca n't be fucked to throw the british public a bone to keep the country out of poverty or give them a sense of dignity just to keep them working .
