  shetland isles for you . 
  fun fact - the midges we have in northern europe and asia , particularly the british isles , known as the `` highland midge '' , culicoides impunctatus , are quite a lot larger than the ceratopogonidae family of biting midges you have in the us , known as `` no-see-ums '' . 
  most of the other species you call `` midges '' in the new world are n't closely related to old world midges , and do n't bite . 
  no-see-ums are similar to highland midges , but much tinier . 
  i can assure you that the midges in scotland are big enough to see , in fact they 're considerably bigger than mosquitoes and can be seen from a few feet away . 
  you can also feel them and taste them if you accidentally cycle through a swarm of them as is pretty much inevitable if you like to cycle in the countryside . 
  just be glad you do n't have them , they 're little bastards that bite you sneakily in a way that you can just ignore until the evening when you notice you 're itchy as fuck . 
  virtually every dialect of english has it 's own way to contract `` want to '' . 
  for me it 's like what `` one-tuh '' , but for others it 's different . 
  `` wana '' `` wanta '' `` wanoo '' are all possible . 
  it is that simple . 
  they 're not claiming to be able to attach his nervous system to the new body . 
  they 're going to take the body of a brain dead person who is only alive through life support and physically glue his head onto , connecting all the veins and arteries , it so that body pumps oxygenated blood into his brain . 
  at very best he might get a couple of weeks more life as a living brain sitting on top of a paralysed body . 
  it 's very unlikely that he 'll be able to do anything more than blink and move his eyes . 
  they do it protect themselves from pickpockets . 
  in some parts of europe it 's very much necessary though and it 's most commonly done by people from southern and eastern europe . 
  romania , italy , spain all have large number of pickpockets . 
  in places like the uk though it just screams tourist when you see someone like that , as pickpocketing is n't a huge problem . 
  i do laugh when i see someone from romania doing it at a theme park in the uk or whatever , they 're probably safer than they would ever be back home , but i guess it 's second nature for them . 
  nobody talks about the fact that there are strong links between alcohol abuse and psychosis as well . 
  except people do n't `` go onto weed '' and then seek `` greater experiences '' . 
  all the evidence shows that legalising weed actually tends to lower the rate of drug abuse because they no longer have criminal connections that can help them access harder drugs . 
  the only sense that weed is a gateway drug is that is normalises a criminal behaviour and thus makes obtaining other illegal substances much easier . 
  also , while cannabis is easy to grow , the majority of users do n't want to grow it . 
  you need to space , it smells , the equipment you need for quality stuff is expensive , and you constantly run the risk of losing your supply due to plant diseases and insects . 
   i 'm all for legalisation but you points are somewhat fallacious . 
  what 's fallacious is your assumption that legalisation would increase stress on the nhs . 
  it 's not a hypothetical question , we have seen to impacts of legalisation in other countries and no such increase has been recorded . 
  also the spice problems we have in poor areas now at the direct result of its previously being legal and cannabis being illegal . 
  lot of people smoked it because it was cheap or because they were on parole and subject to drug tests . 
  there have been problems with dodgy weed , `` brick dust '' weed was everywhere 10 years ago . 
  this was weed that had been sprayed with grit at high speed so the dust would stick in the plant matter and add weight . 
  the us is very anti-smoking these days , especially in the big cities like la , and they 've leaps and bounds with methods of cannabis ingestion . 
  portable vapourisers are all the rage , and things like cannabis e-cigs are very much a possibility . 
  without the smoking element there are very few negative health effects at all , but loads of health benefits for medical users . 
  what on earth happened to the bbc . 
  i remember it being bloody brilliant in the 90s when bbc 2 had all the best comedy , and now it 's a steaming pile of crap that ca n't even keep hit shows like sherlock from becoming a load of amateurish dross . 
  i do n't seem to remember a point where it changed though , it 's fall has just sort of crept up out of nowhere . 
  the creation of bbc 3 was definitely a turning point in retrospect . 
  it pushed anything remotely edgy or experimental off the `` serious channels '' and made that kind of content less profitable . 
  now it 's all sodding panel shows that try to appeal to everyone . 
  british television these days just looks embarrassing compared to the old days . 
  so much for being a world leader in soft influence , even just 5 years ago that actually rang true , now we 're universally hated , our economy is on the slide , and even our television content is crap . 
   by legalising it would be more accessible to young people . 
  it has been recorded that young people are more susceptible to mental health problems related to smoking weed . 
  mental health issues in general should be a concern , they 're expensive to deal with and can lead to lifelong dependency on medical services . 
  how does that follow ? 
  many 15 year olds can get weed by just dialling a weed taxi or through a mate . 
  it 's much harder for them to actually buy alcohol with how strict bars and off licences are on booze these days . 
   legalising it will increase the number of smokers , since we culturally smoke it with tobacco this will increase the amount of tobacco smokers . 
  this is no sense guaranteed . 
  you seem to be obsessed with the idea that everyone will consume it with tobacco and get hooked on nicotine . 
  this might happen in a few cases , but there 's no basis to argue this will be a statistically significant consequence . 
   the us may be very anti-smoking but they also do n't tend to smoke weed with tobacco so it 's kind of a redundant point . 
  and i imagine a similar culture around it would arise in the uk were it to be legalised . 
  the concept of a `` healthy stoner '' does n't exist in the uk because we associate it with criminality and risk taking behaviour . 
  removing that , making it socially acceptable , would definitely encourage more responsible consumption . 
   there 's no dodgy weed . 
  evidently you do n't know what you 're talking about here because there definitely is a lot of dodgy weed . 
  as i said , we 've seen weed contaminated with all kinds of shit to add weight thus allowing dealers to sell it at higher prices . 
  also the quality of the stuff in the uk is incredibly variable , plenty of it is grown with pesticides designed for house plants but not for material that is going to be smoked . 
  lots of criminals do n't properly flush the chemicals out of the plants because they only care about yield , minimising risk , and making money . 
  you might not get `` bad weed '' like `` bad heroin '' that will kill you overnight , but a lifetime of consuming illegally produced , poor quality grass definitely increases the risk of health problems and costs to the nhs . 
  you also have to factor that massive number of people who will use weed to treat chronic issues and stop costing the state money . 
  it 's an incredibly effective drug for managing chronic pain , and other chronic problems like ibs etc. 
  you should never be going faster than about 15 miles per hour on those little tiny roads . 
  when a car comes around a bend like that it 's fucking terrifying even at low speed . 
  yeah , it 's probably a bad example , but it just seems now that generally the bbc content has gone down the toilet in the last 5 years . 
  almost everything the bbc makes now is just rubbish . 
  the same tacky sets and locations repeated ad nauseum , production values do n't compare to most us products , lots of the same actors who have a definitive rada-esque acting school feel to their performances , obsession with meeting criteria for diversity over authenticity , same crappy unsubtle political messages about identity issues and discrimination shoehorned into every show . 
  he 's jp from fresh meat . 
  skylines was the far superior game . 
  that simcity was n't even like the old games . 
  shame skylines gets boring after a while . 
  the limitations economic system and quirks of the transport networks get old quickly . 
  unit limits fuck everything up eventually . 
  modding helps but eventually you find yourself working around the game rather than playing it . 
  very nice if you want to paint pretty cities though . 
  i think it was partially because blizzard realised that sc2 was never going to get anything like the success of mobas . 
  if you remember when mobas first started getting big it was a huge deal . 
  they were tapping into a huge market , attracting a new generation to pc gaming , and getting global attention . 
  sc2 was a great game and if mobas had n't happened it would 've probably stayed , alongside counterstrike , the core esport , worth blizzard backing financially . 
  blizzard realised that from a financial perspective sc2 was a losing horse and that pumping money into it was n't going to have the desired effect . 
  after all , it 's a solo game that 's mentally demanding and has a steep learning curve reducing its accessibility . 
  what they did realise is that they could go after other companies markets and had the money and prestige to do so . 
  see heroes of the storm and overwatch . 
  blizzard is just a money factory and they do whatever the market analysts think will benefit their shareholders most of all . 
  the days of blizzard being a `` gamer 's game company '' are long dead and a gone . 
  haha that house system was utterly stupid . 
  i seem to remember that some point the game just ended , so you did n't have unlimited time to farm cash for the good ending . 
  it 's better to direct these questions to / r/grammar just so you 're aware . 
  linguistics is the scientific study of language . 
  what you 're asking for is an explanation of how this works under prescribed rules . 
  linguists will tell you how speakers actually use language , not the rules according to some idealised model of correct speech . 
  anyway , you should note you 're dealing with a sense verb so they behave in a somewhat atypical way . 
  typically want to talk about a one off event in the past that we sensed we follow it with the bare infinitive form of the verb that denotes the event e.g i saw him snigger . 
  the past perfect form can also be used , and the function of this is to treat the earlier past event , `` the sniggering '' , more like a state of that existed at the time of the later past event , `` the seeing '' , e.g i saw he had cleaned the car . 
  this is suggestive that you did n't witness the actual cleaning , but noticed that the car was in a state , the one that arose from his earlier cleaning of it , at the the time you saw it . 
  the past simple form of the verb can also be used after a past simple sense verb , but it takes on another meaning e.g `` i saw he played sport '' .
