  it 's that sense of losing control that i think makes most people uncomfortable . 
  it feels to me as if this forum , and english teachers in general , are eternally pessimistic . 
  how much of this stems from the feeling that there are already enough people going around calling themselves english teachers i 'm not sure . 
  it feels to me as if this forum , and english teachers in general , are eternally pessimistic . 
  how much of this stems from the feeling that there are already enough people going around calling themselves english teachers i 'm not sure . 
  you 're the terrible parent , if you even are a parent . 
  the kid was obviously pissing in a flower bed or at least up against a wall or something . 
  to most of humanity that is entirely normal if one is in their own home . 
  typically those strict conservative parents who would shame kids or that kind of behaviour and call them disgusting are the kind who have kids who grow up to have issues . 
  americans tend to say `` war-stir-shire '' but the people who make it call it `` wuss-tuh-shuh '' or `` wuss-tuh-shee-uh '' these are the usual british pronounciations . 
  gordom ramsay is a pretty good guy if you ask me . 
  sure he 's probably not the friendliest celebrity but no worse than plenty of other people ( often the kind you would n't expect ) . 
  ultimately his own career has been about trying to bring the ethos of a world class kitchen to ordinary restaurants , even if only to some small degree . 
  top class restaurants in paris and london are literally run like the military , make a mistake and get chewed out and screamed at , make more mistakes and expect to be shamed , humiliated , made to do manual labour and demoted . 
  keep fucking up after that and you 'll wash out . 
  when people are paying # 50 a head for their meals , and often spending hundreds on wine and drinks , they expect a world class standard and the way they maintain that standard is to blow up over even the minor shit . 
  you might not agree with this management style but is does get results , and chefs are n't known for their background in management . 
  i often hear stuff like , well that 's fine for the ritz or a top class restaurant but he 's a dick for trying it in a family run pizza restaurant , but that 's what kitchen nightmares was about , giving complacent restaurateurs and chefs a kick up the arse . 
  he 's saying if world class chefs are this exacting , this passionate and this demanding , if you can be even 25 % the same then you 'll have an above average restaurant . 
  seems to me that ramsay is the kind of guy who can turn it on and off at will . 
  like a drill sergeant who goes home to his grandchildren and is as nice as pie , a good chef should be the same . 
  and of course it 's fucking not , there would be public outrage if it were ... 
  yeah i definitely get that vibe . 
  i keep seeing stuff saying in order to each you 'll need a masters degree in tefl or a bachelors in teaching and so on . 
  imo most countries will be happy with a generic bachelors and a celta qualification , and there are ways around having the bachelors if you go somewhere in dire need of native speaking teachers and gain experience first . 
  it definitely stems from the fear of oversaturating a market that 's already quite saturated . 
  there are definitely places one can go and teach without any experience whatsoever , although it 's more of a holiday job than a vocation . 
  i 'm not the right person really to talk about this , however from what i understand it is that poorer countries in asia are the places to go for this ( thailand , cambodia , laos ) , the other alternative might be some of the poorer places in south america . 
  europe and countries like japan , south korea , and even china these days i do n't believe are suitable for this . 
  you wo n't earn much but it might be enough to cover living costs and some of your rent , which you 'll probably need to supplement with saving if you want to live somewhere decent with air conditioning and such . 
  you 'll have to pay someone to handle the paperwork for you and maybe someone to come along to government buildings and translate for you . 
  i know many teachers who started out this way just for a year 's cultural enrichment and actually got into teaching as a career because they enjoyed it so much . 
  it 's actually a good way to get into teaching , because if you enjoy it then afterwards you can go and take further qualifications and the experience still counts for something ( even if the methods used in those countries are n't usually up to date it does show that you know what it 's like to stand in front of a class and try to teach ) . 
  sorry if some people have snotty attitudes on this forum , but their tends to be a big gap between people for whom teaching is a serious career and people who just want to do it to facilitate travel ( although there are many people in between these two philosophies who just see it as a temporary job they 'll do for a few years , myself included ) . 
  sadly there are ever more people who see english teaching as an `` easy option '' if they 're ex-pats , naively chucking themselves into cultures they have very little clue about and believing that they 're going to be paid handsomely just for coming from a country that speaks english natively . 
  an arrogance that obviously gets demonised a lot . 
  i suggest you try to find people who 've done something like this and then start asking them about it , as they 'll be able to tell you the ease with which you can work in different countries , what the pay is like , and whether the market makes it difficult to find work . 
  all i see is a kid pissing by a door , i do n't know why you think he 's pissing on the door . 
  looks to me like he 's pissing on a flowerbed or bush near the door . 
  no , i do n't give a fuck if people piss in my garden , the garden is nature , it 's literally full of animal shit , piss , worms , small decaying animals , and other smelly unpleasant things . 
  if anything it 's just going to add well needed nutrients to the soil . 
  i mean seriously who has n't pissed up a wall on the way home after a few beers ? 
  is it really such a big deal . 
  yours is the attitude of some germophobic soccer-mom in an american suburb , stop being such a baby and lighten up a little . 
  whenever someone says that i just assume they 're talking about the one in alabama . 
  the worst place is actually the east coast though since they have tonnes of places named after british cities and they 're all pronounced so weird , if you use the british pronunciation they 'll actually correct you !, 
  i 'll also add that you do n't remotely need to stress lesson plans . 
  all i did when i was new to teaching was buy a good textbook and base my lesson plans almost entire around that . 
  different teachers have different styles , but i actually found that many students actually quite liked following the text book we were using ( probably because it allows them to read ahead and feel less stupid in the lesson ) . 
  other teachers tend to skip around the text books only doing those exercises they believe are worthwhile and following certain lesson structures . 
  for example many teachers follow the celta method and focus more on a lesson structured around ( warm-up , introduction of material , controlled practice , freer practice , feedback ) , however a good textbook will do a lot of this for you ( it will at least do intro , controlled , and free for you ), 
  hmm well , i think you need to realise there is quite a different between the holiday job style and teaching for a few years abroad . 
  the holiday job style is more like , supplement your income to extend your travels , the longer term doing it as a real job but not as a career takes a fair bit more since you 'll need to get paid enough to live there indefinitely . 
  for the latter i 'd at least suggest a celta/tesol qualification , and if you do n't have a bachelors you 'll need to bend some ears to land a job . 
  there 's also usually a big different between an indefinite working visa and a temporary one . 
  just have a read and you 'll figure it out . 
  when i worked in a shop in the uk it was always the `` till '' . 
  sure you could call it a cash register and everyone would understand , it would n't even be considered an americanism , but it just seems like unnecessary syllables . 
  it 's really not that unusual for words to take on the name of the most significant part of them , `` steam engine '' or just `` engine '' for the motorised carriage of a train for example . 
  it is cute when americans freak out over what are commonplace words to much of the english speaking world . 
  amazing my the time i was 18 i 'd managed to learn a whole bunch of foreign english vocabulary that i could understand despite never using , not just american , but australian , irish and scottish too ( sorry new zealand , all i know is ghost chups ) . 
  yeah i hate that . 
  i prefer to side with the wannabe posh solihull lot and call it bir-ming-um , however the - g is soft , like on the end of a word like walking and does n't make the next syllable sound like - gum . 
  lol i wonder how the fuck one would blazon this . 
  i was just trolling to be honest , because you seem like a prick , and what you 're saying is obviously false and overgeneralised and i do n't need to know a shit about musicals to know that . 
  i 've told the truth now , i do n't really believe that the uk is the musical theatre master nation . 
  however i can see still the ridiculous snobbishness of trying to claim that the us is the uncontested best nation for musical theatre when british people have written most the 10 ten most commercially successful musicals in history . 
  i 'm perfect happy to accept that both the us and the uk are very good nations for musicals , both performance and writing , and that which one prefers is purely a matter of taste . 
  however you prefer to make stupid claims about british orchestras being bad ( you do realise many americans work in british orchestras and many brits work in the states ) , about how public opinion is inherently wrong about the works of lloyd-webber and elton , and about how broadway is obviously better than the west end when to any sane person it 's obvious that opinion is split on the matter . 
  seriously , you need to assess what brought you to this forum spouting your stupid shit when the people here were obviously against your from the off , and until you are willing to reassess your stupid comments about your nation being the best , or that musicians in london being inherently worse , i will regard you as nothing more than a cunt . 
  wow , nice work !, 
  thanks, 
  i , too , am easily sidetracked . 
  i find myself going off on all kinds of tangents if a student asks an intelligent question . 
  i think the stronger students like it but it can be unfair on the weaker ones who get confused if something that is n't directly on topic gets brought up . 
  i also suck at developing games , so i just have to steal games from other teachers since i ca n't make them up on the spot to save my life . 
  sometimes my lesson structure is sloppy too , although i 'm getting better at time management to ensure the structure is decent . 
  then again , everyone has a different personality and consequently a different style , different teachers suit different students and so on . 
  sometimes a video of someone teaching has been shown to me as an example of being amazing , and i 've thought they were awful . 
  for example , someone taking a b2 class and just seeming incredibly patronising . 
  i like to have a laugh and a joke with my students and no talk to them like a robot . 
  in my experience as a student , a teacher who you can relate to and have a joke with is better than one who is methodologically perfect but disinterested . 
  even if all that is true you 're still a prick though . 
  you know what the different in quality between a london pit orchestra player and someone who plays in the london symphony orchestra ? 
  about one fucking percent . 
  being a musician is very very hard job , there are tonnes of amazing unemployed musicians out there ( singers too ) , who sound fucking amazing to the 99 % of the population , but because some music snob says they do n't sound as good as the other guy they 'll never be earning more than a basic salary from their work , despite their performances sounding identical to the 99 % . 
  literally less than one percent of the world 's population is musically sensitive enough know if the clarinet came in a quarter of a beat early or if the 2nd cello played one note forte when it should 've been fortissimo . 
  this is why ordinary people and serious musicians do n't mix , because as far as we 're concerned they 're a bunch of intolerable pricks who think music is more important than being decent people . 
  the industry you work in has turned you into a music snob , and music snobs are pricks . 
  you realise that 99 % the consumers of your medium , the ones who pay your salary , would like a performance just as much if it were played by the best pit orchestra in the world or just an average one . 
  whether people will like a musical will probably depend more on the lyrics , the story and obvious melodies than anything most the orchestra even does . 
  your problem is , what you do n't seem to be able to comprehend , is that commercial success is the only true objective measure of a works value , anything else and we are purely in the subjective realm of taste , within which everyone 's opinion is ultimately of equal value . 
  even if * you * think someone with 30 years experience in musical theatre has a more valuable opinion than jane the hairdresser from sheffield , that is nothing more than a value you attach to that person 's opinion and a value you do n't attach to jane 's . 
  it does not make it an objective fact . 
  while you continue to spout your preferences as if they were facts then you will continue to be a cunt , simple as that . 
  you simply can not make statements like `` new york pit orchestras are better than london pit orchestras '' , you certainly ca n't make states like ` cats is vapid but rent is not ' ( i mean this statement is even more stupid the former ) , and you ca n't make statements to like `` broadway is better than the west end '' . 
  you simply need to learn the difference between an opinion ( regardless of how informed it is ) , and a fact . 
  i suggest you pick up a book on post-modernism if you really still ca n't understand why your attitude , and the way you present your opinions make you seem like a dick . 
  it 's more the order of things that i have trouble with, 
  ergh you really are beyond redemption , you are virtually a parody of the typical snob .
