  do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  added some commas that might help . 
  i grew up with the famous five and all the other british classics . 
  it 's pretty much a rite of passage . 
  chill . 
  it 's good for your blood pressure . 
  man you should relax . 
  `` would of '' and `` would 've '' are homophones for many people . 
  you 'll find life my easier when you do n't care about people 's mistakes instead of getting mad . 
  never in my life have i thought that i would get to see the inner machinations of a streaker 's actions in such great detail . 
  this truly is a brave new world in which we 're living . 
  you just seemed to blow a gasket on that one , that 's all . 
  this is n't a wildfire though . 
  these are probably just regular firemen who were the first there . 
  mate , this looks like a lake side in a town , it 's not a wild fire , if a few bushes and trees catch fire in an otherwise unwooded area . 
  regardless , it does n't change the fact that it 's unreasonable for you expect these suburban firemen to change gear for a fire of this size . 
  i still do n't understand it to be honest . 
  even the right wingers i know seem more progressive on social views these days . 
  yet the tories foist this uptight nanny state bullshit on us constantly and expect to win votes . 
  maybe i 'm just in a progressive bubble but even the more hard core right wingers do n't seem to want this twee moral crusade may wants to push . 
  look , the point i was making is that to me it seems like more a mechanical process than anything to do with the viscosity of your intestinal contents . 
  people have been very nice and explained what it 's like for them , i 'm not contradicting anyone . 
  anyone from the uk could 've told you that . 
  it used to amuse me back in the day how everyone would pronounce shit funny on vent , but i guess that 's a product of rarely actually saying these words out loud . 
  stop does n't really make sense . 
  if you 're just standing saying `` stop '' does n't tell you much . 
  do n't know what it was like for you , but where i did it you needed to score consistently across all the lessons to get a pass a or b. 
  most of the class got a standard pass . 
  cut glass *, 
   efore their humiliating societal sublimation at the hands of the french , they spelled it the correct way - color . 
  america keeps it og . 
  that 's a lie . 
  colour was n't even a word until after the norman invasion . 
  in fact almost all words were with - our at one point in english , even ones that fell out of use in english like `` governour '' . 
  the reality is that the reason you stopped using - u is because some snobby intellectuals in the 1600s wanted to make english more like latin . 
  well there was no standardised spelling then that is true . 
  but literacy was widespread enough for there to be a `` fashion '' , although it differed regionally . 
  the - or ending became `` vogue '' amongst highly literate types , but then like most things eventually fell out of fashion , being preserved by noah webster 's `` amendments '' . 
  yes , they 're diametrically opposed philosophies , as they strike at the heart of the debate of individualism v collectivism . 
  not really . 
  you can be economically socialist and socially liberal . 
  in fact neoliberalism is in many ways a synthesis of positions many of which could be defined as `` socialist '' e.g welfare state , many of which could be seen as capitalist e.g freer markets and opening of global trade , and many of which could be considered `` liberal '' , the enshrinement of civil liberties . 
  she said it would be like a `` british carbonara '' , which essentially just cheese sauce and ham , that 's why he late refers to it derogatorily as `` macaroni cheese '' , which is how italians would see the typical carbonara made in a british household . 
  the italians always make jokes like this when you claim to have cooked an italian dish but used the wrong ingredients or altered the recipe . 
  edit : apparently he is actually cooking macaroni cheese in the video , so it was n't meant as a description of what the british call carbonara . 
  people are doing a terrible job of explaining . 
  she says that if the meal had ham it would be similar a `` british carbonara '' . 
  `` british carbonara '' is n't real carbonara at all , much rather it 's cheese sauce with ham . 
  he says `` if my grandmother had wheels she 'd be a bike '' . 
  this is a common format of joke in italian . 
  you say it when someone says `` yeah but if such and such was different it would be like something else '' . 
  the joke is pointing out that there 's no point discussing what something would be if something was different because the reality is that it 's not . 
  it 's like saying if my car had 2 wheels it would be a motorbike , it 's a pointless and inane comment that is not only obvious but also irrelevant to what is at hand . 
  the fact that the meaning of the phrase is clear , but is very uncommon in english , makes it extra funny , as it sounds like something completely novel he came up with on the spot . 
  ~ ~ he says it 's nothing to do `` macroni cheese '' . 
  this is because , to an italian , calling the cheese based sauce the british often mistakenly call `` carbonara '' as `` british carbonara '' is giving it too much credit . 
  he 's calling `` british carbonara '' `` macaroni cheese '' because that 's how he feels about the british take on the italian dish , it 's not carbonara , it 's macaroni cheese with bits of ham in it . ~ ~ ( scratch this : apparently he is actually cooking macaroni cheese in this video , so it 's not meant as a description of `` british carbonara '' as i originally understood it , but macaroni cheese is what british carbonara is actually like . ), 
  some people have pointed out that calling a woman a `` bike '' in english sometimes used as a slur , basically implying she 's a whore . 
  this was n't the joke here ( as many people have incorrectly suggested ) , and he did n't intend to suggest his own grandma was a woman of loose morals , however , it may have incidentally contributed the humour , as calling your grandmother a `` bike '' would normally imply something else , and this may have contributed to the absurdity of the saying translated word for word in english . 
  this was not the main force of the joke as many childish idiots seem to believe . 
  all of these elements come together here to make quite a funny piece of live television . 
  as soon as the presenter dropped the comment about the `` british carbonara '' she knew she 'd fucked up , you can also see it in her and the other presenter 's reaction , one does not simply make comparisons with another country 's cuisine around italian chefs , they are fiercely proud of their nation 's traditional cooking . 
  italians particularly hate it when other countries adapt their meals e.g making pizza with cheddar cheese or gouda . 
  then he drops the `` if my grandma were ... '' bomb on her pointing out just how stupid her commentary was , causing her to temporarily breakdown in laughter and embarrassment . 
  edit : some people are getting really angry about this and insisting the reason they 're laughing is because `` bike '' can mean `` slut '' in certain contexts in english . 
  honestly , i feel sorry for these people as their humour obviously never evolved past the playground level of calling people names . 
  you 're wrong . 
  it 's a joke translated from italian . 
  you are wrong . 
  i 'm british so i can tell you for a fact that here the humour has very little to do with the fact that he referred to his grandma as a bike and everything to do with the joke making fun of holly 's inane comment . 
  at best , the whole `` bike '' thing contributed very slightly to the humour incidentally , by making it sound slightly rude , but it 's not the actual reason they 're laughing and it was n't gino 's intention to make the allusion . 
  the funny thing here is that holly makes a dumb comment comparing it to `` british carbonara '' , which is obviously going to wind up any italian chef , and then it makes a cutting comeback pointing how pointless it is to talk about what things would be if they were different . 
  because it 's a really funny comment . 
  she compares the dish to `` british carbonara '' . 
  `` british carbonara '' is just a cheese sauce with bits of ham in it . 
  soon as she says it she and the other presenter realise she fucked up comparing authentic italian food cooked by an italian chef with a british pseudo-italian dish . 
  that 's why he says `` i 'm glad you 're standing there '' . 
  then gino drops the most cutting remark on her that he could , by saying `` if my grandma had wheels she 'd be a bike '' , wittily pointing out the stupidity of her comment , as the saying draws attention to how pointless it is to talk about what things would be like if they were different . 
  that 's why it 's funny . 
  it really does n't have anything to do with the fact he used the word bike . 
  he could have easily say `` if my auntie had a dick she 'd be my uncle '' ( the x-rated version of the same joke ) and achieved the same effect . 
  sadly that would n't be broadcastable in the morning when this is aired . 
  you 're wrong . 
  they were laughing because he just utterly burnt her for making a stupid comment . 
  the `` bike '' thing was incidental and not really part of the joke . 
  if he 'd said `` if my auntie had a dick she 'd be my uncle '' that would 've had the same effect ( an alternative version of the same joke ) , but too explicit for this kind of tv programme . 
  look it 's not my fault you do n't get the joke and are only capable of comprehending it at the level of a five year laughing at a your grandma is the town bicycle joke . 
  i 've tried to explain to you why what he said was witty , but you just do n't seem to get it . 
  no , i 'm actually intelligent enough to get a joke broadcast to housewives and the unemployed across the country , a real accomplishment , unlike you apparently . 
  i ca n't imagine what it must be like inside your mind , the when the only humour that you can find here is that he referred to his grandma as a `` bike '' . 
  you must be on a whole different plane of existence , more similar to a small child or an animal frankly . 
  what 's hilarious is how you do n't seem to get how jokes of the format '' ... and if my x had y , it would be z '' are funny when someone makes an inane comparison . 
  far funnier than referring to someone as a bike . 
  nope not a troll . 
  it 's just sad that you actually lack the humour necessary to be able to see the reason why everyone is laughing in this video . 
  it 's nothing to do with the fact that he used the word bike with reference to his grandma , he could have said `` if my car had sails it would be a boat '' or `` if my auntie had a dick she 'd be my uncle '' , and it would 've equally as funny . 
  if you ca n't see this then i actually feel a bit sorry for you , as you must be missing out on a lot of jokes in life that are legitimately hilarious . 
  referring to someone as a `` bike '' is playground humour . 
  i was born and raised in the uk and very much understand the humour there . 
  gino is not deliberately referring to his grandma as a bike .
