  well ironically the leave vote has put that at jeopardy . 
  it 's incredibly embarrassing to be british right now . 
  i 'm not really supporting these things , just pointing out that there are positive to trade deals , the government is n't evil , the economy does help ordinary people even if it does it indirectly . 
  when i say no change , i obviously mean no change relative to what things would 've been we had n't had a referendum in the first place . 
  i do n't want to get a visa , i do n't want to have to sit in the immigration office and wait around while bureaucrats ask me questions and have me fill in paperwork . 
  as a freelancer it 's all very complicated and we do n't know what requirements will need to be met . 
  if that 's the option i 'll probably just leave . 
  the eu has benefited freelancers , often artists and other creative lines of work massively , not only can they can jobs from the whole eu , but they can take themselves there too with no complications . 
  this will be a massive blow to the pool of talent available to the uk , and the size of the market uk creative industries can readily access . 
  failing to reach an agreement before 2 years and having to trade under temporary wto rules wo n't fuck the eu up , it 'll fuck the uk up though . 
  i 'm sure there 's at least one eu country out there who would gladly take small economic hit just to give us a big one . 
  you know he 's smart because he 's not a politician . 
  ironically for the anti ttip leave supporters , if we leave the single market we 'll be so desperate for trade that the us will feed us an even bigger shit sandwich than the ttip . 
  it benefits virtually everyone . 
  most people who believe that eu migrants are the reason for reduced pay are mistaken . 
  that 's simply a lie that has caught on that does n't have any evidence behind it . 
  the eu as contributed to the uk 's prosperity , and when we leave we 'll lose that prosperity . 
  an american speaking english ? 
  do n't be ridiculous . 
  no offence , but fishing is 0.05 % of our economy . 
  fuck the fishermen , they are irrelevant , and lucky to even have the social fund . 
  now you 'll most likely not have the fishing fund , and also not have a competitive market on which to sell fish either , so you can expect your towns to die anyway . 
  protectionism is stupid in a globalised world , and the tories are n't going to turn into old labour protectionists just because we leave the eu . 
  you 've just opened the door for them to let the industry die as it would 've without all the subsidies through out the years . 
  i expect whatever profits the fishermen see when they 're outside the eu wo n't remotely match the social fund . 
  pro-leave farmers and fishermen are just the worst idiots giving fuel to the leave argument , they are economically irrelevant , but make the ideal working class british hero for campaign , all of them deluding themselves that they can regain the grandeur of the past . 
  exactly , i expect 10 years down the line we 'll only have even greater wealth divides and even more focus on the city to drive the economy . 
  the very areas that voted leave are the areas that are going to enjoy the most capital flight , brain drain etc. 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  you are living in a daydream . 
  firstly , absolutely nobody is suggesting that the uk and eu stop trading , just because there is no deal does n't mean that no trade can take place , it would mean wto rules , which is unilateral trade tariffs . 
  secondly , you are an idiot if you think putting the uk in a disadvantageous trading position will hurt the eu more than it would hurt the eu . 
  the eu basically organises all our world trade , if we 're left outside of that without a comprehensive alternative ready to come into effect immediately then we 're up shit 's creek without a paddle , all our trade would drop off significantly . 
  eu economies however , for whom trade with the uk only makes up a small percentage of their total trade , will only lose a percentage of that percentage , because the uk wo n't stop trading with the eu bloc , it will simply trade less than before . 
  leave morons seem to have convinced themselves that the eu economy is teetering on destruction , and all the uk needs to do is fart in their general direction and they 'll fall over themselves with a deal that gives the uk everything it wants just to save their economies . 
  this is a complete load of horseshit . 
  the eurozone economies might not be perfect , but they are strong and large enough to throw britain into a recession while only suffering moderate loses themselves . 
   you ca n't have it both ways . 
  either no deal is terrible in which case you 're talking bollocks . 
  or it is n't terrible in which case - perfect , let 's trigger article 50 - nothing to worry about !, 
  ah yes , more over simplified pseudo-common sense from the leave side . 
  no deal is terrible , very terrible for the uk and an annoying set back for the eu . 
   no one is suggesting we 'll have problems negotiating trade deals with countries outside of the eu . 
  false , lots of people are suggesting that we 'll have trouble negotiating trade deals with countries outside the eu . 
  firstly we do n't even have the resources to negotiate all these treaties , and most the talent is going to be focussed on the eu negotiations . 
  it 's all well and good to have a trade deal with australia , but it 's not that much benefit to most market given its on the other side of the world . 
   in fact we 'll proper end up with deals that the eu does n't have - since the negotiations are far simpler . 
  we 'll get different deals indeed , shitter ones as countries exploit our weak bargaining position , things like a full fat ttip , instead of the renegotiated one that the eu will probably eventually end up with . 
   a small percentage that the eu countries ca n't afford ot lose . 
  yes they can , it will hurt their economies in the long run , but it wo n't be anything like as catastrophic as the impact on the uk economy . 
   you clearly have n't been paying attention, 
  yes i have , i , however , unlike most people who rage about bank bailouts and debt , understand enough economics to realise that just because some there 's some shitty italian banks that need bailing out does n't mean their economy is going to tank . 
  your industry never prospered , it contributed a tiny amount of money to the national economy , and kept its head above water just enough to keep fishing areas with enough employment to keep a share of the people happy . 
  nationally its contribution was irrelevant , but it allowed some poor rural communities to continue their traditional way of life to some degree . 
  with the money saved by staying the eu the city of london could have afforded to pay you twice whatever you could make fishing a year , on top of existing subsidies , and not even break a sweat . 
   you sound like someone who would take pride out of killing local industry in the name of globalism , and would enjoy watching us little , common people waste away . 
  no , i 'm someone who takes pride in helping the most people possible . 
  your little band of common people in your fishing villages might benefit from this , but millions of common people across the uk in both country and city will be harmed by this outcome . 
   also , you can shove your `` creative '' industries up your arse . 
  honestly , i could n't care less about whether my leave vote makes it harder for you to get around europe . 
  much like you do n't give care about local industry . 
  if it would help the vast majority of people by leaving the eu then i would be perfectly happy to accept that my losing out on the ability to work across the eu was a simply a price that had to be paid , i 'd be sad , but i 'd adapt . 
  pro-eu fishermen and farmers across the uk however are too selfish to think this way . 
  the irony is that leaving the eu is not going to help the majority of people , but rather cause them a lot of economic hardship for years to come . 
  i 'm curious though . 
  let 's just imagine now that the uk leaves and things do n't get better in your community and the fishing industry does n't thrive , what will you say then ? 
  that letter never occurred at the start of words . 
  the proper way to say durs n't is dare n't . 
  in in use amongst folk in the uk to some degree . 
  that symbol is n't called `` pound '' or `` hash tag '' , it 's just called a `` hash '' . 
  this # is a pound . 
  this `` lb '' is also a pound . 
  # is not a pound . 
  bread and butter , strawberry jam , and lashings of ginger beer !, 
  so what 's the point of hurting thriving industries that actually pay a lot of tax and employ a lot of people . 
  as someone who lives in europe using an british passport the result was devastating . 
  i went to bed feeling very angry and betrayed . 
  to me the eu always symbolised something great , a force working contrary to the pretty nationalism of former decades . 
  i feel that as a generation , one of this one 's most positive qualities was its unwillingness to see the world in national paradigms and move towards becoming a single europe people rather than being defined by historical grievances and rivalries . 
  the result was also bad because of how much more likely it makes scotland 's independence . 
  i have grown up in the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , a part of the wider european union community . 
  i do not want to live in the united kingdom of england , wales and northern ireland , a single isolated country mere miles away from a larger european community that encompasses hundreds of millions of people . 
  i do n't know that country , it 's not where i consider my home . 
  the attitude of many of the leave crowd towards the young , especially the older generations , i find incredibly patronising and arrogant . 
  people saying that the older generation voted leave for the good of the younger generation , that younger people are naive , and that when they 're older they 'll understand why they did what they did . 
  i do n't believe it for a moment , i think what it comes down to is that they grew in a time before the eu existed . 
  even the common market was somewhat tainted with the difficulties de gaulle caused the uk . 
  when they grew british as their only identity , and foreigners were something suspicious and unseemly that was to be mistrusted . 
  they forget however that for everyone under a certain age , this has never been the case , and they 've essentially robbed the young of that identity , and it feels like they 're trying to foist their antiquated identity upon us `` for our own good '' . 
  they claim not to be xenophobic , but they grew up in an era where it was common practice to mock each and every of our european neighbours with unsubtle slurs at any time possible merely for comic affect . 
  how could they not be influenced by that ? 
  i mean [ this kind of stuff was allowed on tv ] ( https://youtu.be/cxqegwklcfk ) , even if there were people who did n't agree with it back then , certainly a large segment of that generation did find this mentality funny . 
  this whole thing is that largest social failure i 've been alive to witness . 
  it shows how alive a backwards mentality of arrogant nationalism is under the surface of the uk population , and how our society has failed to perceive itself realistically from a global perspective , a nation addicted to nonsensical outward projections of blame . 
  ultimately , people are more affected by this vote than they are by general elections . 
  one thing about general elections at least , even if the party who gets into power 's ideology is something you do n't like , the disappointment of that is at least spread over time . 
  when the tories got in i was angry , but i did n't feel that pain until they started implementing their policies , when they tried to take benefits away from disabled people and when they increased tuition fees to financially devastating level . 
  these were terrible things , but i know that all the major parties are going to do shitty things at some point , labour were meant to be better than the tories and they took us into war . 
  this referendum is different though , it 's not just the sadness of realising that the political party you thought least incompetent wo n't be getting in favour of the guys you consider more incompetent . 
  it 's the biggest decision the uk has had to make in ages , and then you realise that the majority of the country , even a small majority , have done something incredibly stupid for illegitimate reasons .
