  '' \u00e9 '' is pronounced like `` ay '' , however not exactly , as the mouth does n't move when the sound is made and a single vowel is produced . 
  if you really want to know `` ay '' is pronounced in english / ei / while \u00e9 in french is pronounced / e / , a sound that more english dialects do n't have by itself , as / \u025b / is used for words like bet and met . 
  there you have it , the perfect explanation of how \u00e9 sounds , however for short hand , when it does n't even matter how the person pronounced it or if it 's assumed that someone already knows this , then transcribing it `` ay '' or english speakers who are unaware of french phonetics is just fine . 
  get off your high horse , you sound as if you 're parodying the french immortals and their obsession with the purity of francophone phonetics . 
  ultimately it does n't matter which letters are used to represent a sound as long as we 're all on the same page . 
  just because someone writes `` ay '' to explain that sound to a non-french speaker , does n't mean that person actually pronounces \u00e9 exactly the same as they would ay in an english word like hay . 
  they may well pronounce that sound perfectly , it 's merely that the two sounds are similar and such an explanation will do in a pinch . 
  maybe not even closeted , maybe simply not `` out '' yet for commercial reasons . 
  why not both ? 
  frankly , since i 'm an english teacher employed in germany to teach english to germans , i do n't think i need to learn anything from those subs . 
  i pretty familiar with the mistakes germans make speaking english since i encounter them every day . 
  i also know that the german pronunciation of - th as english - z it not because they 've been specifically taught to do that , but simply because these sounds can be hard to differentiate for non-natives . 
  it 's not only germans that do this , but many languages that lack - th but have - z. 
  you could say it 's a product of bad teaching since they 've not been corrected , but that 's not the same as being explicitly taught that - z and - th are the same . 
  i 've literally just said what the ipa is , which is exactly why english `` ay '' is the closest sound to \u00e9 in the phonetics of most english dialects . 
  why i think you 're an asshole though is because you seem to think that just because that person you originally responded to wrote `` ay '' that he must be saying the words wrong . 
  that 's bullshit , he may well be writing it `` ay '' for lack of better orthographic approximation in english but actually saying [ e ] . 
  you seem like a wanker for suggesting that because he wrote `` ay '' ( for lack of a better representation without using ipa which most people do n't know ) , that his french pronunciation must be off or bad . 
  you sound like someone who just wants to make a sarky snipe at someone to make themselves feel better . 
   you speak a bit but you pronounce - er as - ay ? 
  this is the comment of spiteful person who merely wants to throw doubt on someone 's language capabilities by being unnecessarily pedantic . 
  just because he writes `` ay '' does n't mean he says / ei / , we simply do n't know how he speaks . 
  there 's nothing wrong with using `` ay '' as an approximated representation of / e / in the context he did , he 's not a french teacher , so stop making a thing of it . 
   i tell you again , as a german , that schools teach the ` z ' ( english ) pronunciation as a crutch for those who have trouble with the ` th ' sound . 
  this is something you can not know but you could learn by asking actual germans . 
  only a bad teacher would teach that , or maybe as a last resort to get someone through a test . 
  it 's not `` standard practice '' in germany and to suggest so is straight up offensive to the german education system . 
   the - ay sound is an approximation but not the correct sound . 
  it really does n't matter to me whether you feel offended on someone else 's behalf . 
  it is the correct sound when it 's used a short hand representation of / e / rather than / ei /, 
   if you want to portray the correct pronunciation of a word , you must sometimes go beyond the limitations of your own language . 
  that 's something you have to accept . 
  do you have a categorical imperative for that ? 
  stop being such a bloody stubborn ass . 
  i have to accept nothing . 
  you should accept that there is such a thing as nuance in this world , and in some contexts representing / e / as `` ay '' is just fine . 
  your only alternative is ipa , which as i said , most people do n't know , or a long winded explanation about how the sound it made . 
  i do n't get pissy when they represent the english short - a as \u00e4 for german speakers who do n't speak english just so they can get the gist of how the word sounds , despite it being completely the wrong sound for the word . 
  i 'm well aware that german has no way to write this sound , and english no way to write \u00f6 \u00fc r ch long - e etc. 
  approximating a sound in your native language 's orthography is just fine for people who are n't learning to speak the language . 
  you clearly have a stick up your ass about this , and tbh i think you 're an unpleasant individual for trying to undermine that guy 's french pronunciation . 
  to be fair , alcohol scores pretty fucking high in terms of addictivity . 
  especially physiological addiction , alcoholics that suddenly stop can be in danger of dying , the state of withdrawal that an alcoholic goes into if suddenly prevented from drinking is actually physically harmful to the body . 
  this is n't true of drugs like meth and crack-cocaine , which while highly psychologically addictive do n't create physiological withdrawal when stopped , the symptoms that occur when someone is cold turkey from crack such a nausea and irritability are entirely the product of the mind . 
  that is to say , someone withdrawing from crack cocaine might feel sick but a physical examination of their body will find nothing actually wrong with them that is the result of the withdrawal . 
  while most people do n't find alcohol to be highly psychologically addictive , a minority do , which is worrying . 
  most of us can drink on an evening , wake up the next day and not feel the urge to continue to drink , but studies show that some people do n't have this aversion , and for them alcohol could easily be as addictive as cocaine is to most people . 
  ultimately i do n't think there is any logic to drugs laws , it 's rooted in culture and tradition . 
  were alcohol a new drug we 'd find easily as socially damaging as most hard drugs what with a significant % of the population being `` junkies '' that often require special medical treatment , ruin their lives drinking , and people using it a crutch to survive brutal lives being homeless or whatever . 
  we also have people oding on alcohol being taken to a&e to have their stomach pumped . 
  not to mention all the harm society the regular fights and dangerous situations drunk people get themselves into . 
  frankly alcohol is up there with heroin abuse in terms of social harm . 
  if i went out to the groups of homeless that hang around the shops in the city where i live i bet half of them would be heroin addicts and the other half would be alcoholics , with a fair bit of cross over in between . 
  personally i do n't think alcohol should be illegal , but frankly neither should any drug . 
  i see no reason why heroin addicts should n't be able to buy heroin with a prescription from a chemist at a controlled quantity and strength once a day to support their habit . 
  this is hardly the same as promoting the use of heroin . 
  the same goes for meth and crack cocaine . 
  all drugs should be rated according to their harm and potential for abuse and made available according to that objective measure . 
  i think you 've misunderstood . 
  i did n't say opiates were n't physiologically addictive , as far as i am aware opiates are physiologically addictive . 
  i was talking about crack cocaine not being physiologically addictive . 
  also it would be wrong to characterise withdrawal from a purely psychological addiction ( such as crack cocaine ) as being `` all in their heads '' , as that would be to suggest that the effects are some how a fabrication . 
  the difference between physiological addiction and psychological addiction is that physiological addiction makes the body 's proper function dependent on the presence of the drug . 
  a sudden withdrawal from a heavy dependence on alcohol causes the bodies to vital organs to start behaving fucky , and that poses a danger to health . 
  on the other hand a withdrawal from a purely psychologically addictive drug like crack cocaine only affects the body at the neurochemical level . 
  that does n't mean it ca n't be verified and quantified , a withdrawing crack addict 's brain can still be examined and shown to undergoing atypical behaviour such as lowered dopamine in certain parts of the brain . 
  however this is generally not dangerous to the workings of the body . 
  if a crack addict manifests a symptom like diarrhoea when withdrawing , it 's a secondary symptom created by the psychological stress of withdrawal , not a direct effect caused by the absence of the drug from the body . 
  hell , i 'm sure you could have a drug that was heavily physiologically addictive but not psychologically addictive , insofar as if you took it day in day out for weeks and suddenly stopped it could put you at serious risk , yet be completely psychoactively inert as to cause no real desire to keep taking it . 
  my point was merely that alcohol is highly physiologically addictive , but only moderately psychologically addictive in the majority of the population , with a minority finding it far more psychologically addictive than the rest . 
  ultimately pretty addictive , so the idea that alcohol 's legal status has something to do with its addictivity is a hard argument to make . 
  ultimately that 's drugs in a nutshell , you 're not feeling `` the drug '' per se , the drug is tricking your body into releasing something that 's already in your brain without the necessarily stimulus , and in larger quantities than it normally would . 
  drugs are just nature 's shortcuts to our inner workings . 
  opiates are just mimicking the natural pain relieving pleasure inducing chemical your body releases when you 're in pain so you 're tricked into experiencing them without the pain side of things . 
  cocaine triggers your dopamine in the same way as you 'd feel if you 'd been working really hard at something and finally got what you want . 
  mdma is just tricking your brain into releasing vast amounts of serotonin equivalent to you just having spent the day with the love of your life having only recently fallen in love . 
  even weed releases chemicals that you associate with comfort and feeling satisfied , which is why smoking too much weird can make you apathetic since you no longer need go out and get shit done before your body is willing to release those chemicals . 
  it does n't seem like a fantasy to me living in europe . 
  we already provide addicts with methadone here in a similar fashion . 
  only with a doctor 's prescription after the doctor has verified that the person is suffering from heroin addiction . 
  only in controlled quantities and at a regulated strength . 
  it does n't seem like a big change to make diamorphine available in exactly the same fashion . 
  especially as the medical production of diamorphine is already a thing . 
  weed is n't even legal here , although its use is close to decriminalised , but the attitude to drugs leans far more towards treating them as a social and medical problem . 
  i would say that the only reason weed is n't legal here is because many people have an attitude that sobriety is the best way to live your life , that we should n't be making any more things legals even if they are as harmless as weed . 
  not an attitude i agree with , as while it 's fine for the users it still means there 's a lot of money going to criminals higher up the chain , but i can see why some people might believe it . 
  over the border in the netherlands they 're even more progressive for the most . 
  i think in the next 20-30 years it could be a real possibility , as fewer and fewer people have the moralised hatred towards drug users that older generations were comfortable with . 
  to be fair skateboarding is a lot older than blading and has already been through a few a cycles like this . 
  there 's been tonnes of flat land and technical skaters through the years , just look at what people like rodney mullen were doing as early as the late 90s . 
  you 'd be wrong to think move towards fluidity and innovation have n't happened in skateboarding before . 
  all action sports seems to go in cycles of fashion , not to mention different participants bringing their own unique flavour , some favouring big tricks and some preferring very technical styles , some perfecting classic moves and others focussing on doing stuff that 's never been seen before . 
  as a rollerblader i have to say seeing the amount skateboarding has come on in the 10-15 years compared to rollerblading makes me sad . 
  the degree to which skateboarding has pushed the boundaries compared to back in the day is crazy , while i feel as if rollerblading struggles to progress anything like as much due to size of the sport these days and the subsequent lack of funding . 
  both sports have declined since the 00s but rollerblading declined a lot more while skateboarding has retained a decent about of money in the industry . 
  this is also evident in the diversity of the styles skateboarding produces , meanwhile rollerblading does n't seem to produce quite the same expansion into different styles as much . 
  having taken quite a few years out from blading and coming back about a year ago , what you say about blading is true , there 's definitely been a change in the style . 
  however , i think you 're wrong to think blading was n't technical in the past , watch some old videos and there 's definitely a lot of people doing like 4 switch ups on a handrail . 
  the change to me has definitely been towards both fluidity and trying to innovate a new styles which are n't so rigid in their skateboarder like approach to tricks , incorporating elements of mushroom blading , and classic style rollerblading , which would have been considered `` lame '' or `` cheating '' in past . 
  stuff like stair riding , spins , manuals , greater use of other parts of the body than just the feet .
