  they certainly aged more gracefully on average and mostly died quietly with as little fuss as possible . 
  what 's funny is that they call young people egotistical these days . 
  but honestly i think that could n't be further than the truth . 
  in my experience young people these days are far more likely to underestimate their abilities or suffer from low self worth than that generation ever was . 
  boomers seem to overestimate the capabilities and hold themselves in high regard , dismissing opinions they do n't like as immaterial . 
  this generation seems to suffer from almost the exact opposite problem , an absence of ego . 
  smart kids in universities do n't show off their talent but rather dumb themselves down so as to not put themselves above the slower kids . 
  the internet changes the focus not to what `` i '' think , but to what `` the collective '' thinks . 
  people obsessing over social media might seem like the ultimate expression of narcissism but is it egotistical ? 
  the ego is the expression of the self , an egotist would try to impose himself or herself on the world , but young people are more focussed on what everyone else thinks . 
  it 's actually desperate need for approval from the collective `` other '' that defines this generation , whereas the boomers had an abundance of self . 
  i think i have an idea of how boomers see my generation and honestly i think many of them ca n't respect us deep down no matter what we do . 
  our successes are fine and all but they 'll never compare to what they did in their minds . 
  they 've externalised the reality of their growing obsolescence into a trivialisation of our accomplishments . 
  as we do n't think and act like them , we ca n't possibly comprehend their greatness . 
  it 's not relevant to them so it 's not important . 
  they have the monopoly on authenticity . 
  everything thing made was original , everything that happened in their heyday was the stuff legends , things that happen now are trite and inauthentic . 
  for the most we are not a generation of go-getters and `` doers '' . 
  the problems we face in this era can not necessarily be solved by simply getting out there and making a lot of noise . 
  that generation 's solution to everything is that it can be fixed by social bravado , whereas the reality is that modern life makes it perfectly clear we 're just one of many , a cog in the machine , mostly no more remarkable than the next one . 
  they ca n't respect or understand that because they did n't have it . 
  they grew up their rooms listening to the same 8 vinyl singles believing one day they were going to be a rock star . 
  we grew up tuned into technology we did n't understand demonstrating to us our insignificance as individuals . 
  what the older folk interpret as egotism is actually just a social disconnect , a strange form of solipsism caused by an absorption in an abstract and aggregated `` other '' . 
  narcissistic perhaps , but not as prone to the delusion that their narcissism leads them to . 
  and that 's what many boomers i 've met are ... delusional , capable of telling themselves any narrative that justifies what they want to do , be that making a poor financial decision , refusing medical advice , or making a poor life choice . 
  in 10-15 years time the political situation is going to look vastly different in my opinion . 
  that regular blip in the demographic distribution will disappear and with it a lot of the baggage that generation will bring . 
  one thing that wo n't change , however , is that the majority vote is still going to be old , it 's going to be the generation who hit adulthood in the 80s and 90s that will be controlling the vote then , and who knows how they 'll fare . 
  ca n't be arsed continuing this conversation frankly , it 's not a two way conversation it 's just a typical internet shouting match . 
  you 're a disgusting brainwashed idiot who likes to mock the poor , that speaks for itself . 
  seems they teach you everything except critical thinking and individuality out there in the dach nations . 
  let 's not pretend that that does n't explain a lot about your history . 
  you can go mouth off arrogantly about your little authoritarian society of clock makers elsewhere thanks . 
  yeah i do n't see the next generation being pro brexit though . 
  the logic of brexit does n't really make sense to younger people . 
   they 've got more life experience and it 's given them the confidence to dismiss things they do n't agree with . 
  yeah , but i 'm talking about 30-40 year old people with important jobs being dismissed by retirees with no jobs as if they were n't `` real people '' who actually hold the economy in their hands . 
  that 's what i hate . 
  i totally understand that people are dismissive of the `` young '' . 
  teens and people in their 20s who still have yet to find themselves and make their mark . 
  i 've literally heard conversations that are like . 
   30 something : our web development company has just expanded into the european market and we 're signing contracts with 4 companies in germany . 
   boomer : oh well it 's nice that you 've made something of your hobby is n't it now . 
  ok , that 's a somewhat extreme example , but that generation does n't seem to be able to comprehend that they 're no longer the central hub of cultural importance whatsoever . 
  you have n't told me anything i do n't already know ( except for the car with breathalyser thing ) , and generally you 've been quite rude . 
  you 're not even willing to consider how draconian and authoritarian methods like the mpu look to nations that do n't have a legal precedent for such trial by ( dodgy ) science in law , and you 're not even willing to consider it . 
  this discussion is pointless and boring , have a nice life . 
  ate it ? 
  more like put it in his mouth then immediately spat it out . 
   it 's easier to change the one country who do n't drive on the right than to change the 27 others, 
  except what 's even easier is to leave it how it is and wait for driving to become obsolete . 
  changing sides is never going to happen . 
  uk does n't make people take their shoes off . 
  there are people who do , but i would n't say it 's the norm . 
  it even differs regionally in my experience . 
  he sounds a bit west country to me . 
  the reality is that `` polyglotism '' is a bit of a sham . 
  i mean , yes , you have to respect the fact that they 've gained some degree of competency in so many languages . 
  it 's definitely an accomplishment , however , anyone who boasts about `` how many '' languages they can speak should really be met with scepticism . 
  the best online polyglots all seem to be the same really . 
  they speak maybe 3-4 languages to a good c1-c2ish level . 
  then they have 4-5 languages that they 're decent at b1-b2ish level . 
  anything beyond that are usually languages that they 've tipped their toe in , maybe spent a couple of weeks learning the fundamentals , but they do n't really speak them in any real sense . 
  being able to ask for directions to the train station is not the same as `` speaking '' language . 
  the thing is , the more languages you learn the easier it gets to pick up the fundamentals in any language . 
  you do n't have to get a feel for the language through endless repetition before you get the concepts . 
  a written explanation of the target language in a language you already speak will suffice ( this is especially true when the languages are similar e.g european , which is why so many polyglots are much weaker in asian languages ) . 
  then you just furnish that structure with a few hundred of the most popular words . 
  well done , you can `` speak '' a language in a sense . 
  however , you 're still not much better than someone with a tourist phrase book . 
  the pronunciation is probably horrible , as even people with an understanding of phonetics can only learn that with lots of practice , and you find yourself reeling off the same repetitive little phrases , and their ability to understand is very limited . 
  ultimately they 're still in the `` translating stage '' where the only way to communicate is through translating everything you want to say in your head from a language you really have a grasp on . 
  maybe there are a few superhuman polyglots out there . 
  people with asperger 's savant like abilities , and people with photographic memories and absolute hearing who can learn languages to fluency in a very short period of time , i know the bbc covered one guy who learnt icelandic very quickly and seemingly had a decent conversational level after a few weeks , but i very much doubt that these genius types are putting themselves on youtube or selling polyglot programmes . 
  any moderately intelligent person can achieve the kind of stuff shown in this video with enough time and dedication . 
  everyone here is praising the table . 
  i 'm just thinking that it 's likely to collapse at any moment without something to anchor the part that functions as the leg . 
  that was terrible, 
  thug is n't a racial word . 
  a lot of these attacks have nothing to do with muslims . 
  it 's become more common in most african communities regardless of religion . 
  these mostly are n't jealousy motivated attacks either , most of them are drug lords trying to take out rivals . 
  in the criminal segments of many immigrant communities acid is seen as much more emasculating than stabbing , as knife scars make someone look tough but acid makes them ugly , robbing them of their street credibility and making them an outsider . 
  i think you 're reading too much into it . 
  they probably lost a lot of food but i reckon the bulk of it survived . 
  fewer not less *, 
  i think it 's only king 's landing that 's going to be super fucked food wise . 
  i think that was the point of everything that was said in the scenes you 've referenced . 
  if you 're talking about the common folk of westeros , i think many of them were going to starve when the long night came regardless of whether the food had stayed in highgarden , made it to king 's landing , or been burned . 
  in winter the common folk are dependent on stores made by their nobles , and recently the nobles have wasted all their time fighting instead of harvesting . 
  we also know that tywin had the mountain burn farms in the neck wasting a lot of food , it 's strongly implied it will be a shit show regardless . 
  point is that even though that convoy had a lot of food i really think it only represented highgarden 's stores and whatever the lannisters were able to appropriate from the local farms . 
  i do n't think it was a significant portion of all the food in westeros , and probably still only a small cut of all the food in the reach . 
  do n't get me wrong , we can assume that highgarden 's food stores were the greatest in westeros . 
  and if the convoy had made it to king 's landing it might have been enough for king 's landing to comfortably survive the coming siege ( i think it 's strongly implied that dany will siege king 's landing now ) . 
  however , if we look at it sensibly , every castle in westeros should have food stores for winter . 
  they 're probably all going to be somewhat insufficient because nobody is prepared for the long night , they expect a regular winter so they 've collected food accordingly . 
  even in the north it might be bad because of all the political instability there lately means food stores wastes and harvests not collected , but at least they know what is coming and are doing their best to get as much as possible .
