  what do people think here is the best 2nd language for an english speaker ? 
  i went with german but it 's really hard to get fluent in , even speaking it everyday . 
  `` in flick '' ? 
  wtf ? 
  i used to pronounce `` often '' with a - t , `` schedule '' with a - sk , pronounce the - l in `` vulnerable '' and `` salve '' , `` comfortable '' was a 4 syllable word . 
  now i 've learnt the nuances of being a language snob and silently judge those that do . 
  yes , but almost all those people are under 30 and in a position where they can travel somewhere for the summer , or because they live locally and can get a different job in the winter . 
  that 's no real job at all . 
  what 's so worrying is that as a nation we 've lost sight of what a job is meant to be . 
  it 's meant a way to live your life , a way to get you a disposable income , to afford holidays , to have a reasonable standard of life . 
  you ca n't consider employing someone in a job that only pays well enough to allow someone to live in a shared house/flat and eat as a success . 
  immigrants are only willing to do this crap because either they find living in such crappy conditions preferable to the alternative , or because the modest savings they can make living that way can buy them a heck of a lot more when they go back home . 
  honestly if we 're not going to allow immigrants the freedom to come and go in and out the country acting as seasonal workers , then these jobs * should * be moved off seas , and society should foot the bill the make the difference . 
  it 's so hypocritical of people who are actively harming the uk economy for no tangible benefit to suggest people take these shitty non-jobs . 
  if the uk were a sensible nation we 'd be more concerned about what value we actually offer internationally . 
  how many brexiteers are doing jobs that bring nothing into the country and just serve the needs of people who actually do bring money in ? 
  they 're going to be very pissed when people start using their services less because we are less readily able to attract wealth to the uk . 
   no it wo n't because we have too many people who feel they are too good to pick fruit or clean a toilet . 
  that 's just a bullshit mentality . 
  for most of us , we are too good to pick fruit or clean toilets . 
  we are a highly developed , relatively highly educated country , we grow up with more privilege than the vast majority of humanity . 
  most of us are capable of being competent and economically productive enough not to need to clean toilets or pick fruits . 
  that 's why it worked out so well for us to have a steady flow of immigrants who did n't have our opportunities come in and fill these roles , while hopefully the rest of us can provide more for the economy than mere cleaning or fruit picking does . 
  sure , uneducated brits with no interest in developing a skill set should n't think themselves above fruit picking and toilet cleaning , just because of those job 's reputation . 
  but back in the real world people on the dole hate being there and do what they can to not be there . 
  it 's fucking horrible living on 70 odd quid a week . 
  most ordinary folk will take work when money is offered to them in sufficient quantities as to motivate them , and for most people on the dole the amount required to that is n't very high . 
  of the people that stay on there , it 's not a case of thinking themselves `` above '' these jobs , nor is it a case of them being lazy . 
  what we should really talk about is people being maladjusted , because we have a seriously bad case of it in the uk . 
  the real issue is people being economically unproductive . 
  most people long term on the dole then fall into the categories of either generally deeply unhappy people who for some reason are unable to get a job ( depressed people who never leave the house , and people who , due to personal issues , can not seem to hold down any form of sustained work ) , and people who have other sources of money ( this could be legally , e.g having relatives that support them , or illegally , committing benefit fraud by working on the side or gaining money through criminal means ) . 
  we should be tackling these issues head on , not demonising them . 
  the thing is though it 's not about these job 's reputations . 
  toilet cleaning and fruit picking jobs do n't provide nearly enough money or financial security for anyone to have a semblance of a decent life , with no hope at ever owning a property , amassing considerable savings , or giving them equivalent recreational time and enjoyment as someone in a pretty ordinary job . 
  if you want brits to go back to picking fruit and cleaning toilets , instead of immigrants , then you 'll have to start paying them a salary that an average job entails . 
  otherwise you 're just encouraging people to become maladjusted and economically unproductive rather than actually work . 
  you ca n't have your cake and eat it too , enjoying the reduced costs that immigrants bring , and consequently the money they bring into our economy , without actually having the immigrants . 
  the cost of brexit will be shared across the whole country , as the same incentives that incentivised immigrants will fail to incentive brits , and the shrinkage in industries that rely on this reduced labour cost will be felt across the entire nation . 
  berating people for not being incentivised by your stingy offer is essentially what you 're doing , and it 's insane . 
  it 's almost as if some people in this country want people to go to work on the basis of negative reinforcement . 
  an example of this might be cutting benefits harshly so maladjusted types find it even harder to survive and are forced begrudgingly into taking horrible jobs that dominate their lives and gain them barely any more than what they had on benefits before . 
  begrudging workers are bad workers , and it 's not an effective means of improving the country . 
  what often happens is that crime simply increases as people take a mentality toward society that it gives them nothing so they do n't owe it anything . 
  it 's as if some people are indulging some deep psychological need to harm people that do n't play by societies rules , and even would go to the point of creating more of these people just to induce more conflict . 
  now , if we did n't live in a globalised world , the wages of fruit workers and toilet cleaners would naturally rise to meet market demands . 
  but since this is not the case , all that happens is that britain loses industries to overseas , which ultimately means a worse economy , and worse poverty . 
  brits wo n't rush to take these jobs , because they 'll still fail to incentivise , and we 'll all just get poorer . 
  so no , do n't say britons think they 're `` too good '' for bad jobs . 
  it flies in the face of basic economics , and more and more i 'm starting to see britain as a dangerously economically illiterate nation , who explains its own shortcomings with ideological notions rather than the economic reality . 
  if people do n't work , instead of actually examining why and how the incentive system is failing us , we make up fairy tales that ascribe behaviours to character flaws , which is both dangerous and utterly stupid . 
  companies will take what they can take . 
  that is how the real world works . 
  for the love of god , we need to stop thinking in terms of blaming people for their moral failings , and start thinking in terms of hard realities . 
  i 'm going to play devils advocate here point out that the tory would say that if this were to happen , if market forces were simply allowed to roam free , what you would see is a stark drop in the cost of living , at least when it comes to what the uk produces , and a huge boom into the economic competitiveness of uk exports , as cheap labour slash their costs and let them make a killing globally . 
  the poor would be fucked when it came to import products , a new iphone would cost them as someone in poland which is over a month 's salary , but things like say `` a haircut '' would drop massively in price . 
  however , with the money uk businesses were earning it would no doubt create jobs , and since then labour would be in demand then wages would start to increase again , unemployment would drop , and the value of the gbp would start to increases again as investment surged into the country trying to take advantage of the economic boom . 
  now , in reality , this is a terrible idea , as the consequences would not doubt be massively increased wealth inequality , reduction in the average quality of life as the public sector shrank , increased crime rate as economically unproductive people became more desperate for money . 
  i do have to ask myself the question though , is this the kind of society that british people want ? 
  one where the winners win more and the losers have it tough and are shunted to the sidelines ? 
  do we want more authoritarian solutions to a growing crime rate the product of greater inequality ? 
  i 'm starting to think that deep down a large portion of the uk actually want that , and i 've simply lost touch with the mindset of the average briton . 
  honestly , it 's getting quite bizarre now . 
  big business , particularly finance , and the government have been in bed together for so long , this is starting to seem like a bizarre lover 's argument . 
  honestly , if it comes to a heads up between the banks and the government i 'm seeing bad things in this government 's future . 
  it 's just stingy pizza , i do n't get it : o, 
  they levelled up their potion skills . 
  seems dumb that they did n't just say `` terms starts first monday of september '' . 
  not really , it 's prep in the morning and sport in the afternoon . 
  getting a gun is a really dumb idea . 
  what he should have got is an array of magical items that would assist him in surviving . 
  as he apparently has a fortune at his disposal , so much so that he can give away 1000 galleons like it 's nothing . 
  for example , get a fucking enchanted bag like the one hermine has , get some fucking healing potions , get potions for every scenario , get some portkeys for emergencies that go to safe areas , always carry a bag of beozars . 
  transfigure one :p, 
  keep track of paperwork . 
  seriously , i think this generation is so used to having everything saved and then backed up on the cloud that idea of actually keeping a record of paper documents seems really silly to us , unfortunately many aspects of this world have not yet caught up with technology . 
  i loathe getting letters , it 's an outrageous imposition . 
  you actually expect me to physically fill out this form and post it back to you ? 
  as in buy a stamp and walk to the post box ? 
  simply because you decided to send me a letter ? 
  yeah , go fuck yourself mate !, 
  honestly it 's outrageous how many institutions still rely on a paper trail and do n't have an online solution . 
  why the fuck are we allowing may to fuck up our country without even the support of the people . 
  it 's fucking madness . 
  it literally feels like may is doing the opposite of what the majority wants , of what business wants , or what the rest of the world wants , and she 's never even been elected . 
  seriously why could n't have some whack job taken out may instead of an innocent labour party mp . 
  i do n't wish harm on anyone , but if it had to be someone why not the borderline dictator who seems to being doing whatever the fuck she feels like with no regard for the will of the people or the economic health of the country . 
  yeah , seeing our public sector being hacked away at , when really it 's a unique and special thing this country has , or had , is very depressing . 
  british drivers are really good , even compared to places like germany imo , because we drive for the most part very cooperatively : waving , letting people go etc. 
  the rules of the road are sometimes secondary to what is convenient or pragmatic , and that 's sometimes a good thing . 
  in the uk i have lived in the west midlands/warwickshire , manchester , and london , so all the major hubs . 
  now i live in germany , where i 've moved around a bit , sticking to the cities . 
  it had to be about him really , otherwise you 'd just be making a documentary about jimmy savile and his victims , and that would n't require a personality like louis , especially with the sensitivity of and controversy around the allegations . 
  making it about him made the whole thing much more interesting imo . 
  in many ways i think he probably does feel guilt about not seeing the signs back then . 
  it was a different era . 
  i think people forget how much more acceptable things were considered inappropriate were even 20 years ago , never mind in the 70s . 
  people just assumed it was `` just a bit of harmless fun '' and that sexualising remarks were n't inherently harmful . 
  nobody actually thought the conviction to act on these `` jokes '' was real . 
  uk work-life balance is just dreadful compared to what i 've experienced abroad . 
  the real problem is the lack of definition between the two , people are expected to answer their work phones outside of office ours , to respond to emails outside of office hours .
