  i disagree . 
  sounds like an epic novel though . 
  one day the world learns about the world beyond the ice wall , and we find some bizarre fantasy world out there . 
  we 've basically been in a nature reserve the whole and now humanity has to real with the reality that they live on an infinitely flat plane with an almost infinitve different cultures , species , and societies . 
  my trick was always to imagine screaming a stream of swears or mutter them under your breath . 
  `` cunt , fuck , fuck , shit , twat , cunt , fuck '' kinda thing . 
  it 's important that you do n't actually scream the swear words though . 
  as far as i understand it he 's asking if linguistic phenomena naturally attract prescriptive explanations . 
  it seems to me that people naturally think about linguistic phenomena in prescriptive terms . 
  given how most people , even children , seem to think of language in prescriptive terms until they become aware of an alternative way of approaching language , it seems pretty natural . 
  then again , i 'm not even sure i understand what is being asked . 
  well i 'm as confused as you are . 
  why do n't you ask op what he means exactly by prescriptivist explanations , and then we 'll both know what he 's talking about . 
  [ voila ] ( https://b.zmtcdn.com/data/pictures/4/6900454/dbce78cf506e24ffb948c45dbfd82167_featured_v2.jpg ), 
  it 's common is many london dialects , or at least it was historically . 
  just take her to a slightly nicer non-chain pub that is relatively cheap . 
  it might be 20 % more expensive than spoons but it 's a not much to pay . 
  i reckon more girls would simply be insulted by the `` spoons '' brand name than the actual cost of the meal . 
  you 've got a long way to go yet mate . 
  smoking some weed wo n't kill you , but i would n't recommend doing it all the time , especially not at your age , although a bunch of people do that . 
  definitely a very unproductive drug that has to be handled carefully . 
  some people can smoke a lot of that shit and remain intelligent and functional , some people smoke a lot that shit and end up on a radically shittier life trajectory than they otherwise would 've been . 
  people will respect you more if you learn to stand on your own too feet rather than just desperately conform to peer pressure and join in with what people are pressuring you to do . 
  they 're only pressuring you to do it so they themselves can feel cooler and come to terms with their own choices . 
  be confident and people will respect it . 
  i 'd recommend putting a lot of effort into improving your knowledge and skills , in 3 years all of this shit will mean nothing to you , the earlier you start thinking like an adult the easier the holy shitstorm of adulthood will hit you . 
  it 's worth pointing out that you 've got the greatest capacity to store and retain information right now of any time in your life . 
  your brain is like a sponge , make sure it spends its time on something decent . 
  read more , push your horizons more . 
  which begs the question , why are us prisons so gay ? 
  gay stuff definitely goes on in other prisons around the world . 
  but at least in my limited of knowledge of european prisons , the gay stuff is between lonely consenting adults and kept very much a secret unless those people are happy to serve the rest of their terms being known for being gay . 
  this whole , i would 've killed you if you 'd call me gay on the outside but now i 'm here i 'm going to flagrantly and publicly try to turn men into my bitches does n't happen . 
  optimistic nihilism is definitely a better way of understanding thinkers like nietzsche than how most popular culture paints them . 
  is it surprising , he works for teslox , teslas greatest rival , do n't you know about the electric propulsion wars of 2015 ? 
  lest we forget !, 
  english language dictionaries do n't change the meaning of words . 
  english only has what are known as descriptive dictionaries . 
  they describe how people use words and make no judgement about whether they `` correct '' or not . 
  the fact that something changes in the dictionary really has no bearing on its legitimacy or illegitimacy , this a product of people 's subjective judgements , although many people somewhat simplistically think that if features in a dictionary it is legitimate and if not then it 's illegitimate . 
  most modern language experts do n't think language is `` wrong '' provided it can be understood by the person you 're talking to . 
  some uses make be `` inappropriate '' , either because the audience does n't understand it or because certain scenarios e.g business , educational , demand that you stick to the standardised form of the language as much as possible . 
  the jealous/envy distinction clearly fall into that category . 
  most of the time when speaking or writing casually it does n't matter which one you use , but if you 're writing a literature review then it 's best to mark the distinction . 
  you can always look for the `` informal '' notation to know if something is appropriate for higher register language or not . 
  this is in stark contrast with a dictionary like the german `` duden '' for example , which is actually the authority on the standardised form of the language and even has the force of law behind it . 
   there is no `` prison culture '' there . 
  there most definitely is , it 's just not a culture that involves making people into `` your bitch '' . 
  from what i 've heard in most prison system it 's common for `` old hands '' to try to gift shit to the fresh meat that comes in the hope getting them into a debt that they can never pay off and exploiting them for money , drugs , and cigarettes . 
  the `` i looked after you in your first weeks , now you have to pay me tribute every week until your sentence is over '' kinda thing . 
  it 's just the sex side of things that is n't as common . 
  well logicked . 
  definitely does n't happen in most of europe . 
  if you said `` i wana make that dude my bitch and get him to suck my cock and fuck him the ass '' then you 'd probably get beaten up yourself for being gay , or at least ostracised by the prison population for being a sexually twisted mofo . 
  sexual offenders get some of the worst beatings , so why would it suddenly become ok to bully someone into having sex with you on the inside ? 
  europe is a big place . 
  in rich europe i can assure you can drink the water : uk , scandinavia , germany , france etc. 
  it 's only in the poorer regions where you ca n't drink the water . 
  certainly you can drink the water in roughly half of europe , so your statement is false . 
  whether europeans actually do drink the tap water is another question . 
  the french would certainly never be seen drinking tap water in a restaurant , but that 's not because it is n't safe . 
  [ here 's a safe to drink water map if you 're curious ] ( https://www.extravelmoney.com/blog/wp-content/uploads/2015/06/europe.jpg ), 
  actually english has a long legacy of using words that once meant `` in the truest sense of the term '' as intensifiers . 
  see : `` i 'm absolutely boiling '' . 
  `` literally '' is no different , it gets cooped to intensify statements , it 's just joining a long list of words that hyperbolic english speakers have bent to another purpose . 
  no offence but you have n't really added anything . 
  i know how `` that '' works . 
  i also know that `` and that '' is n't a relative clause . 
  my point is that with `` which '' we do n't know if it was the dog , or brian 's feeding of it , that made his wife cry . 
  it 's fundamentally ambiguous and it seems like something we just have to live with . 
  we do n't know what the referent of `` which '' without using context . 
  i was just wondering if that were true , and if people agreed with my assessment . 
  will google supplementary relatives clauses , thanks for the info . 
  i 'm not defending it . 
  i 'm just saying it seems weird that in the us guys who on the outside would 've beaten you up for being gay seem to be able to the mental backflips necessary to come to terms with this . 
  in europe , there is at least some consistency . 
  the two meanings of literally are no more opposing than the two uses of absolutely , this is something you 're imagining . 
  both :, 
  i 'm absolutely boiling and i 'm literally boiling always used to mean `` i am 100 % boiling for real '' , however both have come to mean `` i am intensely x , but not for reals '' . 
  the only real difference between the two is that absolute was historically used to mean `` completely '' or `` the utmost possible '' , while `` literally '' means more like `` in the most real sense of the term '' , which might be slightly more ironic but it 's ultimately the same phenomena . 
  you 're wrong to think that when people say `` i 'm literally going crazy '' they mean `` partially '' , the mean the same as `` absolutely '' , that the thing that follows is intenser than would be understood if they 'd left out `` literally '' . 
  i 'd wager there was a time when if you 'd said `` i 'm absolutely boiling '' people would 've corrected you that if that were true you would n't be able to speak because you 'd be dead . 
  not sure what you mean by exclusionary . 
  in english we use a variety of tense constructions to express the imperfect aspect which typically expresses that an event is incomplete in some sense . 
  we also have the perfect aspect which tells something is complete . 
  not to be confused with the perfect tense . 
  the simple aspect is simply an aspect that does n't make clear if an action is ongoing or completed . 
  e.g i plays football , i ate fish . 
  these tenses rely on context to tell us whether they mean a habitual action , a currently in progress event , a completed action in the past , or an unfinished action in the past . 
  it is neither perfect or imperfect in regard to its aspect , it can be either depending on context . 
  i was put off valerian because it looked a bit cheesy and childish . 
  it did n't capture me as pulling off the sci-fi pastiche look of fifth element , otherwise i may well have gone to see it . 
  looking at it now , it 's probably a better film that i 've given it credit for , but that just shows how bad their marketing department fucked up by not showing the right sides to the film . 
   or they 're emphasizing their feelings of anger . 
  being really angry is n't the direct opposite of boiling alive . 
  who the hell says `` boiling '' to mean angry ? 
  must be a peculiarity of your dialect . 
  most people would say `` i 'm absolutely boiling '' when they feel very warm , perhaps it 's 38 degrees outside or something . 
  absolutely boiling would mean the as `` my body is 100 degrees all over '' . 
  being a bit warm , is pretty much the opposite of being 100 % 100 degrees all over , yet people use it all the time .
