  b ) i 'm going to get a thai later , it 's fine ... 
  a ) yeah , actually i would n't mind a thai ... we get ... we get a thai later then ? 
  b ) mmm ... you just have your pizza . 
  a ) ( heavy sigh ), 
  b ) ( turns and stares ) ... are you in ? 
  a ) actually no wait , i think i 'd like a chicken and black bean sauce because i had pizza yesterday, 
  b ) i could call around 7 or whatever, 
  a ) yeah , sounds good, 
  b ) you wan na play fifa ? 
  a ) sure ... ( sits down ) erm ... 
  i 'm really glad we talked . 
  i had teachers like that in infants school too , they would flip out over stuff even though the kids obviously did n't know any better , they also had a really bad case of favouritism , the `` naughty '' kids would be scolded for pretty much doing anything while the good kids were constantly positively reinforced . 
  the thing was though that `` naughty '' in this context meant failure to conform with what the kids were doing , like lining up or getting their books out , which ultimately seems like really trivial shit to make a kid feel bad about . 
  ultimately they just hated any kid who made them do the slightest bit of extra work and loved the kids who made their job easy . 
  if you 're not patient , understanding and able to tolerate children why the fuck are you working as a primary school teacher is the question i want to ask these people . 
  i think lip reading someone with a different accent to what you 're used to is much like hearing it . 
  when hearing a thick german accent we quickly deduce that even though we hear `` vot '' they are saying `` what '' and so forth . 
  the difference with a lip reader is instead of hearing the wrong sound they 're seeing the wrong mouth movements . 
  there is a lot of deduction in lip reading generally i believe because you rarely can see 100 % of what is going with someone 's mouth . 
  lol you are just a classic example of modern scientific stupidity . 
  no scientist is going to claim lip reading is pseudoscience because not all knowledge makes the claim of be science . 
  please , if lip reading is n't legit how do deaf people manage to understand people speaking despite have absolutely no hearing . 
  she is looking at the shapes they make with their mouths and making the best inference about what they are saying , it 's a very real skill that you can test , however it 's not a science and does n't pretend to be and thus is in no way pseudoscience . 
  i read a fantasy sci-fi short story that had this idea . 
  the notion was that as humanity had mastered technology they 'd found out that the universe was literally made of intelligences and that humans were inherently tied to the earth , essentially the earth had a life spirit that humans were a part of , and when you die you are simply reincarnated into this spirit . 
  the moment you went too far from the earth you were prey for lovecraftian alien intelligences far too old and vast for humans to understand . 
  it was set millions of years in future and the earth was dying , and the alien intelligences had taken over the surface and turned the whole thing into surrealist nightmare where the very ground might try to eat you . 
  the whole human race was living in a subterranean mega city close to the earth 's core where there was still life energy . 
  they 'd sent ships out into space to try to colonise new planets but they 'd all gone mad and either committed collective suicide or been warped into inhuman creatures by the void . 
  it painted a very bleak and atypical picture of the future . 
  despite their knowledge of life and mastery of technology humanity was essentially stuck on the earth , surrounded on all sides by a mocking darkness waiting to devour it . 
  it was written in the style of a greek epic that made it quite badass too , although i ca n't remember what it was called for the life of me . 
  edit : it was called `` awake in the night land '' by john c. wright , if anyone is still looking at this , bunch of people have asked me . 
  all the powerful famous people in history and all today 's major celebrities and world leaders are actually the same group of people , members of a secret society that controls the fountain of youth . 
  whenever you think a celebrity is dead it 's actually faked , provided they 've played by the secret order 's rules of course , they actually go into hiding for a few years , are rejuvenated until they are teenagers again , and given plastic surgery to change their appearance slightly ( an art they 've mastered with all the advanced technology they 've mastered and hidden from the public ) . 
  then they simply rise to power again with a new identity . 
  for example , arnold schwarzenegger was actually pope boniface ii  wilhelm i  adolf hitler  governor of california and film star . 
  justin bieber was actually aristophanes  emperor nero  james i king of england  elvis  canadian pop star sensation . 
  they love acting and theatre because essentially their whole lives are acting , taking on and then discarding role after role throughout the centuries . 
  hollywood ( literally holy wood ) is one of their most sacred places and that 's why it 's the heart of the entertainment industry . 
  they gather every year in secret locations , they all wear masks , not to conceal their identity but because that 's the only way they can truly identify each other . 
  each member creates a mask when they are initiated into the order and that never changes , so they know each other 's true identity by their mask and not by their faces . 
  also they are psychopaths , psychotics and sexual deviants , the product of having lived dozens of lives as dozens of different people . 
  having such long lives and having experienced so much they develop truly bizarre tastes and fetishes , since there 's no novelty to life any more . 
  they have to act out salo like deviancies just to get their rocks off . 
  they truly see themselves as gods and any regular people are nothing more than ants to be toyed with . 
  many film directors and famous people throughout history learnt of their existence but knew they 'd be killed off if they spoke out . 
  that 's why kubrick was murdered and had his film `` eyes wide shut '' heavily cut and edited after his death , all the original edits being destroyed , it was too obvious that he was trying to warn the world what these people were up to . 
  i remember thinking anyone that regularly used the internet was a freak , sexual pervert , paedophile , social recluse and so on . 
  when i was a kid the internet had 3 uses , helping with your homework , looking up cheats/help for your computer game , occasionally looking up porn which we 'd then print off in black and white and hide under the bed so you would n't have to go back on the computer to access it . 
  actually taking an interest in `` the web '' was tantamount to social suicide and would get you labelled as a nerd . 
  flash games , viral videos and msn messenger really did a lot to change that over time . 
  by the time i was 15 everyone was chatting on msn after school and using the computer more often , but a computer did n't really become a necessity entertainment item most people 's eyes until about 2003-4 i think . 
  i ca n't imagine how different my school life would have been if we 'd have facebook , youtube , netflix etc. 
  with dripping made on the grill . 
  we 're not all fucking juicers these days . 
  there 's no such thing as shepherd 's pie with ground beef . 
  the clue is the `` shepherd '' , the moment you use beef it 's a cottage pie ... 
  real sausage , nothing that looks german . 
  i did something like this with msn in like 2001 , obviously not the same scale or level of exposure but way before all the hysteria around social media started . 
  i did it simply by changing my username to an invitation with the instructions to invite everyone you knew , quite a few people copied me in doing this . 
  in the end 1000 + people turned up and clogged up the street , riot vans full of police arrived and had to have people forcibly disperse . 
  however , because nobody understood the power of the internet back then , social media did n't even exist , the police did n't know what to make of it . 
  also it was in a relatively big city so it did n't shock the locals quite as much as it would 've in a village . 
  it made the local paper but that was it and they just called it an illegal rave party . 
  i feel like if it had happened a bit later it would have got more attention because of the hysteria around social media . 
  back then , it was unheard of and the police were just bewildered at how it got so out of hand . 
  god dammit that was hard to find . 
  [ here you go ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/21911510-awake-in-the-night-land ) , it was part of a series of novellas called awake in the nightland . 
  i had to go through the contents tables of like 5 sci-fi anthologies and look for titles that stood out to me to find that , i hope you 're happy . 
  protestant communion wine is also alcoholic . 
  it 's only puritans that use non-alcoholic stuff because of some strange 19th century beliefs about alcohol being the devils work . 
  his joke was about the catholic belief in transubstantiation . 
  as they literally believe it turns into blood before it 's consumed , it must be alcohol free . 
  not quite true . 
  high protestantism e.g anglicanism , uses real wine but does n't believe in transubstantiation . 
  is a lutherian thing ? 
  i 'm pretty sure all the german catholics would disagree with your generalisation . 
  no , we 're not . 
  transubstantiation is the literal belief that the wine turns into the true blood of christ . 
  your baptist church had communion , as do many churches , however they did n't believe in transubstantiation , the rejection of which is a key belief of protestant churches . 
  american christianity in a nutshell right here . 
  i do n't know i 've only ever been in anglican churches , real wine and bread there . 
  what 's a wp ? 
  is it me or is stephen fry looking a bit puffy ? 
  the story is awake in the night land , a collection of four novellas . 
  i already did in another comment , awake in the night land , it 's on amazon and at least one of the stories is uploaded as pdf somewhere . 
  no puffy i.e bloated, 
  damn i remember getting his on holiday in the us as a kid , now i know my childhood was a lie :(, 
  you can ask them what went wrong . 
  they ca n't tell you the best way to win but they can give insight on what caused them to lose . 
  what ? 
  jimmy 's not south african ... 
  this video makes a lot of sense . 
  there 's definitely this idea about the cult of the entrepreneur in the business world , the notion we can study the highly successful , figure out their properties , and then make ourselves more successful by imitating their qualities . 
  seems like a really dumb way to do things if you ask me . 
  what you should do it look at 10,000 businesses , of which only a few % will be truly successful , and figure out what those guys did differently to all the others . 
  personally i think success is 45 % right place at the right time , 45 % hard work and 10 % smarts/intuition/initiative . 
  society however , focusses only on the 10 % and the entrepreneurs themselves only see the 45 % hard work and 10 % smarts or whatever . 
  it 's nice to attribute good things that have happened to us entirely down to personal qualities , because it reassures us that we deserve them , that had we to do it again under different circumstances the result would be the same .
