  please have a nice life as a pathetic loser who wo n't acknowledge his stupidity mr `` use `` wills '' in the future tense '' . 
  jesus christ , you are intellectually dishonest fucking loser , i bet you are some jumped up prick in real life . 
  let 's look at the mistakes you 've made so far . 
  1 ) you thought no american or brit says `` the government are ... '' you then did every kind of mental back flip to try to pretend you were n't wrong about this , stating `` contention '' , changing the subject to us english when we were discussing the uk . 
  2 ) you thought `` rains '' was only possible in the future tense . 
  strictly speaking english does n't even have a future `` tense '' , the future is formed with auxiliary verbs . 
  this whole idea came out your arse . 
  3 ) you thought `` reductio ad absurdum '' was a fallacy , probably because `` adsurdum '' sounds like absurd , like a typical dumbass would . 
  when you got called on this you changed this to claiming i `` misused '' reductio , despite having not stated this anywhere previously . 
  again grasping at straws to try to maintain you precious fragile ego despite being as thick as horse shit . 
  4 ) you incorrectly claimed that one of my arguments was reductio ( a misuse of reductio nonetheless ) , when in fact none of them are , you have n't even identified which part of my argument is reductio , or furnished that with a quote . 
  you 're just sticking your thumb up your arse and claiming `` hurr durr i win '' . 
  you are literally too stupid and too full of yourself to have a discussion with , your are intellectually dishonest , and worst of all you 're lying to yourself about you intelligence in order to delude yourself . 
  ah , yes , the intellectual telling someone to go kill themselves . 
  no , it 's not reductio . 
  you ca n't just say that 's reductio when you mean it 's a misuse of reductio and expect everyone to know you mean that , even though ultimately you did n't mean that and simply do n't understand reductio . 
  you should 've said that 's `` an appeal to the extreme '' , but all you said is reductio , which is like saying `` that 's a car '' when you mean `` that 's a broken car '' . 
  you have the iq of a gold fish , and all the class of resorting to death wishes , have a nice life loser . 
  also :, 
  tos * = to its, 
  therby * = thereby, 
  yourslf = yourself, 
  basic remedial english classes might be the best place for you should you want to intellectually better yourself . 
   misuse of reductio is a form of reductio . 
  just because in trade school they did n't teach you that . 
  does n't make it any less so . 
  i should n't have to say appeal to an extreme because its implied . 
  its implied because anyone who understand that logical fallacy understands the form . 
  a broken car is a form of car , nobody is obliged to infer what you imply , intelligent people can write with clarity rather than the nonsensical rantings your provide . 
  nobody would infer `` appeal to the extreme '' from reductio , if you say reductio people will think you mean reductio . 
  end of discussion . 
  it 's like saying `` that 's a statement '' when you mean `` that 's a false statement '' , people with a brain would say `` that 's a lie '' instead of expecting people to somehow know they mean a false statement . 
  truth is you did n't know what reductio meant until you googled it , and found a convenient way to wriggle out of it . 
  look you 've already been downvoted to hell on this thread , i guess everyone just is n't as smart as you right ? 
  the whole world is against the mighty / u/paradewala . 
  i 'm sorry mummy told you that you were smart when in fact the whole world is laughing at you . 
  i 'm sorry that you rage so hard at reddit threads in your parents ' basement that you have to tell people to kill themselves . 
  it must suck being you , but if you learn some humility maybe you can save yourself . 
  well in munich the shops are all open until 8pm which is enough time to grab something after work but only by a small margin leading to chaos at the tills around 7pm . 
  except in the uk we also call east asian peoples asian , and everyone understands that both are asian since most people have the basic understanding that both india and china are in asia . 
  sure when people talk about the asian community we assume they mean the indian and pakistani communities since they 're most prominent , but we do n't get all in a twist when someone refers to east asian communities as asian some americans do when indians are referred to as asian . 
  the dangerous thing is that due to germany efficiency your stupid laws are far more likely to be enforced . 
  honestly i do n't know if it 's a difference in culture these days , but when i look back at my undergraduate work it 's rather cringeworthy at times . 
  i once spelt espoused as `` expoused '' , confused words like feigned and deigned , i did n't really understand grammar in the slightest and just went on what sounded fine to me . 
  it was n't until a professor send one of my papers back covered with red scribbles with patronising remarks all over it that i sat back and thought about the quality of my writing . 
  most of them just seemed to ignore them . 
  since then i 've read other people 's undergraduate work and some of it reads like complete drivel . 
  thinking about it school did n't really prepare me for any kind of intellectual rigour , and i do n't think i really acquired the capacity until my mid-20s . 
  it was n't because i was incapable but because i was lazy and did n't see rigour as a particularly sexy quality . 
  we all like to believe that the ideas we write as pure genius and that form and presentation do n't matter since the professor will be so wowed by our beautiful minds . 
  of course you can say that this is what undergraduate degree are for , to get rid of your unrealistic ideas and imbue you with an attitude of intellectual rigour , but perhaps it 's worse now than it was before . 
  i do n't think i was alone in being like this , perhaps it 's a generational difference but i definitely started higher education with some unrealistic ideas . 
  nothing in school made me think about rigour , rather about hitting targets to get points . 
  i do n't know why `` wot '' is considered british . 
  afaik most english speakers do n't pronounce the - h in `` what '' , thus `` cool hwip '' jokes . 
  unless we 're talking scots or frank underwood it does n't really apply . 
  it 's based on the typical pronunciation of words with - wa like wander , wan , what , wattle , twaddle and so forth . 
  bit stupid though , there are plenty of exceptions . 
  not at all , 7-11 is a chain , spar or one stop would be the british equivalent . 
  since nob means dick i really do n't think any briton would say this . 
  sounds like you 're going to fuck their face . 
  from the man that brought you . 
   box in the eye with the fob i use to log in to my hsbc, 
   nostradamus could n't see me , expelliarmus could n't stop me, 
  that 's not even that bad . 
  it 's a super catchy song , shame it 's so politically loaded . 
  in germany , everything that is n't allowed is forbidden . 
  it 's easily possible , set off in the morning , there by lunch time , afternoon of whatever , leave in the evening , back by bedtime . 
  quite pointless when the train is so much quicker . 
  4 hour trip by google 's reckoning . 
  you can smoke in the coffee shops , do n't worry , you just ca n't drink alcohol with it . 
  i 'd recommend researching a good one before you go if you want to have a nice experience in there . 
  the touristy ones send to be overpriced , busy and have not have the best atmosphere due to noise and loud music . 
  in my experience the best you can do is grab some weed , rent some bikes and get out of the city centre until you find nicer quieter parts . 
  however if you 've never smoked before you might want to not ride the bike and stay near your hotel in case you trip out . 
  i 'd go really easy on the weed too , do n't buy the prerolled stuff it 's really strong , you do n't want to be having a bad time because you smoked too much and were n't use to it . 
  never go full / r/murica, 
  haitch ? 
  25 years with the possibility for parole after 15-20 should pretty much be the maximum sentence for most normal situations , with the possibility for judges to remove that parole possibility for the most heinous crimes and put that person on probation for life should be the maximum sentence the government should be able to give imo . 
  i really do n't see why we allow courts to rob someone of their entire life . 
  even if someone murders 10 children , 25 years of their life behind bars + a life time of being monitored seems like a fitting end . 
  the elderly should be not be in prison end of story . 
  amazing how vindictive some people are about this , especially in the us . 
  as if taking someone 's youth away was n't enough to pay for most crimes . 
  no that 's the wrong thing to do . 
  one because the death penalty is abhorrent so that 's out of the question , and two because keeping elderly people behind bars is pointless . 
  keep in them in prison until they 're old , fine , but then let them out and keep them monitored . 
  there 's no point in letting people rot in prison being a burden to the system , you 've already robbed them of their functional life . 
  why keep someone 70 + in prison . 
  prison is n't there to fulfil your torture bloodlust on people you think have done wrong , it 's there to keep society safe from people who have been shown to be a serious threat to it . 
  fucking mormons used to target my town in the uk . 
  no fucking idea why , it was n't a really rough town nor a really big town , but it was n't particularly nice or affluent either . 
  plenty of council estates around the outskirts of the town . 
  it was just small enough and just safe enough to mean all the local gangster wannabes could cause trouble safe in the knowledge they were n't going to run into anyone really dangerous who they did n't know . 
  a different attitude to what you get in big cities like birmingham where it 's rough as old arseholes but people tend to keep to themselves rather than be confrontational with strangers lest they pick on the wrong type of person . 
  anyway they 'd send these guys out late at night sometimes with their tell tale uniforms and bicycle and you would not believe the amount of shit they 'd get with their midwestern accents and ridiculous naivety . 
  not just from the scum trying to fight them but from virtually everyone , from passing drunk students spraying them with alcohol or shouting at them , pissed up girls trying to wind them up by copping a feel , or local homeless trying to bully them out of a few quid . 
  honestly they were just so out of place there it was unbelievable . 
  i can not imagine what they thought coming from their mormon communities into the drunken mess that was the highstreet on friday nights , just utterly bizarre . 
  i had a chat with them a couple of times while drunk but honestly they 're just so far removed from reality its like talking to another species .
