  whether we use gross immigration per capita , or net migration it 's the same . 
  the only thing the us is top on is the gross immigration i.e the largest number of immigrants per year , which is only true in virtue of it being the biggest of what can loosely be called a developed nation . 
  in all the percentages that matter , the us does not have more people trying to move there than most other developed nations . 
  so you 're argument is completely in tatters and you 're just trying get out of accepting this in anyway you can . 
  i understand that this goes on . 
  i mean it 's only a matter of creating thousands of passable fake accounts and circumventing any heuristics that aims to catch this type of fuckery . 
  it 's almost impossible to avoid given how sophisticated people can write the scripts to do this . 
  maybe have 10000 fake accounts , using a random selection of them to upvote a selected post , the rest of the time having a random order of those bots log in and randomly upvote and downvote threads and posts , and occasionally post inane seemingly believable generic posts at random intervals to busy threads that will just get buried and ignored to make them seem like credible active accounts without having a human investigate what they 've posted . 
  think of all the pointless posts on busy threads saying stuff like `` i ca n't believe it '' and `` wtf lol '' , anyone of them could be bots . 
  if you 're smart you could have them post stuff like `` dank memes '' to montage parodies , `` then they got $ 100 '' on that happened . 
  ca n't go wrong . 
  then when called upon having them all connect from different ips at random intervals to upvote the post that 's been paid for , hell you could even programme the bot to upvote / downvote a random number of posts within a range , say 2-6 , whenever you use them so it seems like each one is an active user . 
  i ca n't understand those prices though i mean seriously $ 49 for 50 upvotes ? 
  that 's just a rip off . 
  there 's a real change in the conservatism of the names . 
  americans are known for their slightly off the wall names . 
  i know in the uk amongst some their is the mentality that if the name is n't hundreds of years old then it 's not a proper name . 
  everyone in my school who was british had conventional name as far as i remember . 
  lots of matthews , marks , alexs , james , williams , christophers and stephens . 
  jesus has his own planet !, 
  young , attractive , imaginary billionaires who buy them cars . 
  it 's valid sas alright but this video is as old as the internet, 
  fyi `` american idol '' format started in the uk and american idol was a copy of the british show `` pop idol '' , so actually american idol and this this one in nz are copies of the `` pop idol '' format . 
  pop idol started in 2001 so it 's been going on for 14 years , not 5 ... 
  whatever you say about cowell , he gets away with it because he never attempted to be a celebrity performer but someone who represents the industry and the camp fucker has made 300 million pounds , almost half a billion dollars , off the acts he 's created . 
  on the other hand i 'd never heard of willy moon before this , apparently his claim to fame is one big hit that was used in an apple advert , and natalia kills is from the uk and i 've still never heard of her . 
  couple of nobodies as far as the vast majority of the world is concerned . 
  there are 41 versions of the franchise covering even more countries, 
  i feel decidedly unbritish because i always say something like `` there 's a queue ... mate '' and see what they do . 
  i reckon they 've been dead more like 10 imo, 
  yeah this only really applies to public transport buildings . 
  in shopping centres people do whatever they . 
  it makes sense on public transport because that asshole blocking the people who want to walk could make someone late for their train , or make someone later if they 're already running late . 
  the germans are even more crazy about this actually . 
  they have a rhyme `` recht stehen , links gehen '' meaning `` stand right , go left '' to remind you which side to stand on . 
  seems we 've gone a full circle . 
  not even wikipedia , google !, 
  so basically anything that any crackpot with internet access has published in the history of the internet . 
  liar . 
  it ends in a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma ... 
  who was phone ? 
  found the dutch / danish guy, 
  what is a first responder ? 
  is this murican for paramedic ? 
  rhythm was off too . 
  still nice effort, 
  none of that tax money other countries pay for their healthcare goes to develop new drugs !, 
  none i say !, 
  are you saying that any highly developed nation with large scale industry and engineering could n't build their own nuclear bombs ? 
  because if you think that you 're insane . 
  the technology for building nukes is over 50 years old . 
  any of these countries could merely take apart the bombs and build the parts that were necessary to replace and have their own bombs . 
  they simply do n't why would they . 
  hell if they wanted to be armed with nukes they would n't need to fuck with american loans and could just build them from the ground up as the french did in 50s/60s . 
  then if you 're talking about a terrorist cell building their own nuke that 's quite unlikely , but hell north korea managed it . 
  ca n't speak for all the countries but i really doubt germany secretly feels they need nukes . 
  people are militantly anti-nuclear and anti-military . 
  they are nato members under the protection of that alliance . 
  it would be political suicide to suggest a nuclear programme here . 
  it 's military spending is barely higher than france or uk 's . 
  nato collectively spends x10 their military budget every year . 
  you mean like when truman fucked the british and canadians out of their own research ? 
  the research they 'd sent their best scientists to work on and provided the research basis for by `` losing '' the document roosevelt had signed before he died agreeing to share whatever progress the manhattan project made , in return for all the the prior research the british and canadians had made designing nuclear weapons and the assistance of the scientists assigned to those projects ? 
  that was really fascinating . 
  i 'm an teacher but i 've never thought of the present perfect as a present tense despite understanding its function , that 's an interesting way to think about it . 
  furthermore i never knew that the perfect once functioned in german as it does in english . 
  maybe this is something i 'll have to integrate into my formal writing . 
  it 's a bit more related than that they split around the point of old english , virtually all the etymologies are the same they 're just taken a different spelling and pronunciation . 
  some old english words remain that were replaced by latinate and french words in english , there is some old norse influence but not massively . 
  it 's hard to understand sometimes but it 's written relatively clearly so that an english speaker could understand a fair bit . 
  certainly no more different than dutch is to german . 
  many scottish nationalist will deny this , but they 're pushing an agenda . 
  can not into space :( but can into british/german toilets, 
  a tiny , rich as fuck , french tax avoiding cluster, 
  it 's saying this is how big the city would be were the entire population of the world live at the same population density as these cities . 
  maybe one day the entire human race will live in a single city with people only leaving to check on the machines that grow our food and acquire our resources . 
  pretty sure this is a snub to the british and southern hemisphere haha, 
  n. old english ealu `` ale , beer , '' from proto-germanic * aluth - ( cognates : old saxon alo , old norse \u00f6l ) . 
  so you are absolutely correct , seems the swedish matches the old norse exactly . 
  interestingly the swedish for beer is the german for oil , although that 's from the latin `` oleum '' . 
  following the greek elaion `` olive tree '' . 
  interestingly the modern swedish word for oil is `` olja '' of the the same root . 
   i do n't think it 's very clever to use a letter for a vowel that is used as a consonant in just about every language i can think of . 
  yes because when the welsh language was formed they were clearly thinking about the orthography of other languages . 
  do you realise the letter u was originally the consonant v ? 
  - w is nothing more than double - u , it just happened before - v and - u were differentiated . 
  that 's why it 's called double u but written double v. orthography is possibly the most arbitrary thing going anyway . 
  you have more right to be angry the way english spelling was standardised through popularity of spellings than the welsh for using w as a vowel . 
  i 'm dying to know how you did n't realise - y could be a vowel/diphthong . 
  saying from when of is more appropriate , sounds like he 's of german descent to me . 
   i 'm an englishman who said `` hi '' to some americans once , so i now consider myself to be of american-english nationality . 
  i 'd drink the fuck out of it . 
  the only people i think would ever be mad over you calling it that [ twin towers ] is non-american 's who feel they have to know everything and are wrong . 
  this response cracked me up . 
  not bad , otherwise you 're looking at 800-900 dollars for the flights . 
  at least 150 dollars per person for two nights sharing of a double room at a hilton . 
  transfers worth at least 50 dollars . 
  t shirt 20 dollars . 
  so maybe 1100 dollars worth of stuff , plus the extra 300 dollars to meet your favourite band . 
  of course economies of scale and such mean they 're probably paying than a 1000 per person for the package .
