  even in his prime sandor was n't equal to his brother and now he 's got a bum leg . 
  i think he 's a pretty good candidate considering who he 's fighting . 
  there are n't many warrior who might even have a chance against the hound about . 
   and do you really think lannister troops are more afraid of the high septon or mrs. 
  i choose violence ? 
  i think a ) the lannisters are n't running the city , the high sparrow is , b ) the bulk of the forces are loyal to tommen , who is under the high sparrow 's control . 
  cersei on the other hand in a shamed woman , who is no longer taken seriously by anyone outside her immediate circle . 
   it 's septon . 
  not septim, 
  it 's not really to do with the side . 
  in the uk you ca n't make a left turn on a red . 
  countries seem to be split on this matter . 
  my point was merely that it 's split , some countries allowing turns on reds and others not . 
  if you 're from a country that does n't allow turns on red then there 's a chance the us is only country you know that it 's allowed , being unaware that germany , austria and a few others have a similar system . 
  it 's a sad fact that the uk has lost most its pubs culture . 
  people simply do n't support local bars and pubs in the way they do in other countries , maybe they did in the past but not so much any more . 
  living abroad i 've been shocked by how much bars are places for communities socialise and meet new people . 
  you can go there alone after work and knock back a couple and people are very chatty and friendly for the most part . 
  in the uk i never set foot in a pub unless i was with a group , and for the most part we 'd keep to ourselves . 
  no not at all . 
  in fact , although it 's not often talked about , deaf people often have limited literacy , especially if they did n't grow up with the right specialised education that uses the techniques needed to teach deaf people written language . 
  lots of people do n't realise that sign languages are not simply signed versions of the local spoken language , they are entirely different languages with their own grammar , syntax , and vocab . 
  it 's entirely possible to be fluent in signing and completely illiterate . 
  tragically there are still large numbers of deaf people who go through life without ever achieving a reading age over that of a young teenager . 
  for many deaf people , sign language is a far richer and more nuanced form of expression than written language . 
  it 's a form of english that was spoken by settlers in ireland . 
  op 's title is accurate . 
  dialect of hiberno-english . 
  make threads that unsubtlely beg for compliments exposing a streak of insecurity running through the culture . 
  chill out guys , there 's plenty of things the us is good at , be confident in that , no need to beg around for compliments . 
  ah ok , i assumed it were the same as germany . 
  hard for me to gauge since i had n't been able to drink legally long before the ban came in , i do remember navigating my local nightclub dance floor was pretty dangerous back then . 
  moving abroad i 've been impressed with the local pubs with friendly communities , there 's always something going on , you can just go there and chill out without seeming like a weirdo in the corner . 
  without the eu and the euro our own currency would be valued a lot higher making exports more expensive . 
  just fyi that 's not how this works . 
  a country can control the value of its own currency through inflation and such . 
  germany does n't need the euro to devalue its currency . 
  edit : do n't know why people are downvoting , there are economic methods of keeping a currency value down without being in an economic union , germany benefits from being in the free market hugely , but devaluing currency is n't why they 're there . 
  switzerland has kept parity with the us dollar for years . 
  lol what 's that meant to prove ? 
  chfusd has roughly kept parity with the us dollar for a long time now , that does n't mean they 're exactly the same , obviously there 's currency fluctuation . 
  why are so many economically illiterate people arguing with me . 
  why do people seem to think that germany needs a shared currency to keep its currency value down and remain competitive in exports is beyond me . 
  i understand it totally . 
  it 's simply false that without a currency union germany would n't be able to devalue their currency . 
  exporting nations devalue their currency all the time , they do n't need a currency union to do it . 
  door handles wo n't work underwater because of pressure . 
  it 's a channel with a massive political agenda fronting as education under the guise of a fake university . 
  only an idiot would defend that . 
  so they mix in some more palpable stuff with their heavily agenda'ed horse shit , and the dummies are n't able to tell the difference . 
  the channel is still bad . 
  this video is n't that bad because it 's just one guy espousing his opinion on an issue that 's more personal than political . 
  that said , it still serves their agenda because what is suggests pushes the blame onto the individual when people that do n't make their career goals . 
  do n't dream of working in biology with that biology degree you spent $ 100,000 on timmy , in believing that you 're being as unrealistic as those tone deaf dreamers who apply to murican idol , you 're nowhere near talented enough to work in biology , but i hear toilet cleaners are in high demand . 
  overall the channel is shit . 
  this particular video is only kind of shit . 
  i think facebook is great to be honest . 
  it 's useful for making friends , adding someone on facebook is n't even as committal as getting their number and it gives you opportunity to message them in a casual way to see if they are interested in future interaction , and if you are n't interested you can just palm them off with some excuse without feeling guilty about . 
  the messenger service is functional . 
  it can keep you up to date on the births , deaths , marriages of people you do n't see anymore . 
  also you can put events on there and arrange social things . 
  that 's it . 
  the mistake people are making is actually browsing facebook , most people just use it as a dumping ground for holiday snaps anyway . 
  we all know the newsfeed is a waste of time , so do n't use it . 
  `` send the appetisers out after the entrees !, 
  '' , took me like 30 seconds to figure out what this sentence meant , then i remember the yanks call their main courses starters for some reason . 
  germany does n't have an aversion to english loan words that other languages have . 
  reading some new media type stuff in german may as well be half in english due to the number of borrowed terms . 
  you literally ca n't have a spelling bee in german because the language is phonetic , if you hear the word pronounced clearly you 've got a really high chance of spelling it right . 
  i 'd translated it more like `` everyone is pleased by such low prices '' or `` everyone is pleased by such value '' . 
  yeah , but entree means starter to the rest of the world , it 's the french for entry , the course that enters the meal , if you ask for an entree in france you 'll get a starter . 
  there 's some winded long explanation as to why entree came to mean main course in america but not anywhere else . 
  he 's not doing anything illegal by repairing macs himself , that 's exactly why apple has to make it so difficult to do it yourself , because they have no legal means to force you not to , so they do it with unintuitive software . 
  it 's actually because traditionally an entree was a meal between the true starter ( hor d'oeuvre ) and the main course proper . 
  a kind of heavy starter . 
  a traditional french meal was like 8 courses long you 'd have soup , then fish , then an entree , then a main course , then sorbet , then cheese , then dessert . 
  when france modernised and ate less courses , entree , meaning entry , came to mean a kind of starter , whereas in the us it came to mean main course , since they were paying more attention to the kind of things a traditional entree consisted of i.e meat , grain , vegetables , rather than the meaning of the word . 
  actually only something like 33 % of english words have west germanic routes , they just happen to be amongst the most common , since it 's the most low register words that survived the normans and later trends towards latinisms . 
  that said there are plenty of english words with a west germanic route whose cognates do n't exist in german , as the modern german word has a different route . 
  english is a germanic language mostly because of its history , and the impact it had on the grammar , syntax , and abstract form of the languages , rather than the vocabulary and its etymology . 
  i ca n't speak for the sentence you 're referring to , but 50 % germanic would be unusually germanic imo . 
  meh , he 's probably not even getting arrested , rather just detained because of causing a nuisance . 
  if he 'd done it literally anywhere else he 'd probably have been fine , but he was in the middle of a busy public throughway , i 'm pretty sure the coppers were just trying to get him to move . 
  that is terrifying : o, 
  the spice must flow, 
  you 're an idiot if you think that will happen . 
  germany will continue to export to the uk even after a brexit , they will just have to pay tariffs . 
  despite the higher cost we will continue to buy bmws , as a country massively dependent on import we will not be able to set tariffs high since we are unable to produce things locally that we need . 
  the eu as a much larger area relies on us much less than we rely on them . 
  it 's our exports that will massively decline , whereas germany 's exports will suffer only a minor blow . 
  meanwhile , lidl will simply transition to relying more on locally sourced produce , since it 's a uk company incorporated in the uk it will be free to do as it pleases . 
  so a minor blow to german exports to the uk in return for a massive blow to british export across the board . 
  they will take a minor hit , we on the other hand will be hit a lot harder . 
  you do n't seem to want to acknowledge that there 's a massive correlation between the wealth of businesses and the wealth of individuals , which is silly . 
  i 'm no trickle down economist but ultimately its those corporations that keep the unemployment rate down by hiring workers . 
  corporations are shits , and do all kinds of devious things to hoard wealth , but that 's an issue separate from that of eu membership . 
  corporations will do that regardless of whether we 're in the eu , in fact , with the deregulation that would follow leaving the eu only expect it to get worse . 
  you may get paid more if we leave the eu in terms of the annual income figure , ( although that is questionable since the workers already in the eu would be allowed to stay , there 's no way to deport them ) . 
  however , you 'd still find that you 're worse off . 
  leaving the eu will mean the pound will depreciate both nominally ( when you go on holiday you will buy fewer euros with your pounds ) but due to the higher cost of imports will also decline in its purchasing power .
