   the sound exists , you are just accustomed to treated it as a diphthong , so it would be difficult to change . 
  the sound that british english typically uses for - r is called a alveolar approximant , this sound can not be pronounced post-syllabically afaik . 
  americans use a different sound that can . 
  i have no interest in speaking rhotically and see no reason why i would do so . 
  no the people downvote americans who think the - ah sound is best represented with an - o. 
  it 's not our fault your entire nation ca n't say the letter - o !, 
  trust me this is worse in reverse in the uk . 
  flustered looking yanks come looking for the party ( pronounced pahty ) , imagine our shock when they unleash their business in the middle the dance floor . 
  because this is true particularly in my case it must be universally true !, 
  try being a teacher without qualifications in most of europe , you 'll be lucky if berlitz will pay you 11 euros an hour . 
  never seen alcoholics before ? 
  the reason they 're mostly white is because in the asian community , especially the muslim community , drinking alcohol is very taboo . 
  i once knew a guy who sold weed on the side who would trade weed for booze simply because there was no way for him to go to the off licence without his moral failings becoming the talk of the community . 
  i did this exactly as he explained it . 
  he said it should n't take more than a minute , took me 1 and a 1/2 hours ... to be fair it tasted pretty good . 
  ca n't believe chekov is dead , only 27 years old , crushed between his car and a wall in a freak accident , that 's a shitty way to go . 
  lol this guy 's english is n't good enough for him to be attempting british dialects xd heard everything from geordie to scouse in his examples . 
  my one actually turned out pretty good , obviously not quite as perfect as his but it pretty much looked how it should look . 
  i had to go about it so carefully though , i must have watched this video 20 times in the course of making it . 
   to be able to speak any one of the multiple rhotic languages ? 
  which ones would those be ? 
  post-vocalic rhoticism of the type we 're talking about is mostly only found in american and hiberno-english ( i already speak english natively ) , some major dialects of mandarin chinese ( no interest in that ) , quebec french and only in loan words ( i 've only studied french from france and have no interest in learning the quebec version , especially given they are mutually intelligible ) , and in a few brazilian portuguese and danish dialects ( why would you learn a dialect before the national standard ? ) . 
   mate , you googled a couple terms and are trying to make sense out of it , and it isnt working . 
  no offence mate but you 're making yourself look like a right tool . 
  to start of / r / is a phoneme , it 's not ipa . 
  ipa represents the actual sounds used , whereas phonemes are a broad transcription that uses simplified set of symbols that only make sense within the context of a language and are capable of representing multiple sounds that are widely perceived as carrying the same value by speakers of that language . 
  english has many different ways of pronouncing the letter - r and all of them are transcribed as / r / in phonetic script . 
   like i said , same sound different place . 
  how much knowledge do i have to demonstrate until you stop being a child and accept the fact i know what i 'm talking about ? 
  shall we start the beginning . 
  the most common phone used for the letter - r in american english is called the retroflex approximant whereas most british dialects feature the alveolar approximant , which is sometimes labiodentalised and sometimes is n't . 
  these are two different sounds that brits and americans would use in a word like `` red '' . 
  however , when you have a post-vocalic - r in american english it 's actually a retroflex vowel you 're using , sometimes called an - r coloured vowel . 
  all this actually means is that when you get to the latter part of a vowel with an - r with following it you drop the frequency with your vocal cords and an move your lips a particular position . 
  please explain to me why on earth i would want to learn to do that given i speak english fluently , and even if i were to want to speak mandarin chinese there are still plenty of standard mandarin dialects that do n't feature rhotic vowels . 
  it 's a completely unnecessary thing to learn for virtually anyone , the only exception being maybe if you want to pass yourself off as american , irish , or a pirate . 
  furthermore the sound i have used my whole life , the alveolar approximant , can not be pronounced after the vowel ( and neither can the retroflex approximant ) , the sound you associate with - r at the end of the word is just an - r coloured vowel ( aka retroflex vowel ) , and my whole life i 've gone without ever needing to use an - r coloured vowel to make myself understood . 
  adding - r 's into position where there 's no vowel to follow would mean i 'd need to complete replace a sound in my accent and learn to use another one . 
  why on earth would i do that when it confers no advantage whatsoever asides perhaps placating a few ignorant americans who find linguistic variation a difficult concept to grasp ? 
  warning : spoilers , although i 've tried to avoid specifics, 
  yeah , imo this series started quite poorly ( i was about to turn it off during the 1st episode until the scene changed rapidly and they finally rolled the titles , that was actually a great scene change ) , then it gets good but loses that in the last few episodes . 
  by the last episode it 's turned into a clich\u00e9d piece of crap . 
  there 's way too much `` americana '' in this series ( although that seems to be the trend right now , see stuff like interstellar ) . 
  directors do n't seem to get there 's a right way to do this ( see : stranger things ) and a wrong way that just comes off clich\u00e9d . 
  i mean come on now , the diverse gang of the school bully who rediscovers how to be happy , the overachieving poor hispanic kid from a bad home , the transgender outcast who finds acceptance , the fat stoner ( who does n't really do anything ) , the overworked schoolmarm who rediscovers her reasons for becoming a teacher , all somehow get together and find themselves overcoming diversity to help the protagonist ? 
  yes , it 's bordering onto `` crash '' like levels of up its own assness when it comes to pretentious `` exploration of the modern american condition while drawing on but subverting familiar old school archetypes '' . 
  the good part of the series was entirely within the protagonists flashback narrative , and in the end that does n't actually `` go '' anywhere despite showing a lot of promise at the start , the premise growing more and more strained throughout . 
  even this was n't perfect , for example many of the characters from the imprisonment scenes were totally one dimensional ( see : cuba lady , redneck ) . 
  the final episode was just a slap in the face to the self aware viewer imo . 
  not to much the `` twist '' ( although that was somewhat expected ) but the resolution of it and how they attempt to give the narrative significance , drawing on perhaps the most clich\u00e9d overplayed american `` cultural issue '' going . 
  i 'm noticing a real trend in both film and series to try to recapture the `` great american movie/tv series '' . 
  media that deliberately tried to be less self-aware and return to the golden age of american film / television . 
  generic `` small town usa '' being the most predictable setting . 
  this only really works when done well and slightly tongue in cheek ( like stranger things ) , but fails here in many places . 
  sadly , at times i though this series had the making of a stephen king-esque classic american psychological thriller , it had some strong premises , the antagonist was amazing , ( the actor deserves an award for sure ) , and he could have carried the series were it not for the poor writing that set in in the final 1/3 . 
  the interaction between the protagonist and antagonist was ultimately what saves this from being just flat out bad . 
  there were moments in which this series could be mistaken for something exceptional if you just focused on those parts . 
  it 's a real shame , if this series had had more direction and had n't disappeared up its own ass towards the end then it really might 've been something special . 
  sadly the reality is that it 's just a mediocre show with a few shunning highlights . 
  every time i made a cut i had to rewatch the video to make sure i was doing it right . 
  also i found stuff like stripping the leg bones waaay more time consuming and fiddly than it seems here . 
  getting the `` oyster '' out was n't actually that difficult , probably took 20-30 minutes , but i was sitting there with my knife trying to scrap the bones out of the legs for at least that time again . 
  finally , wrapping the bird up was challenging at times , trying to get the nice sausage like shape with the correct distribution of stuff throughout was hard . 
  i 'm not a natural chef to be honest , i do most of my cooking by rote learning specific dishes without much generic cooking `` talent '' . 
  at very least i can say it taught me a lot about the anatomy of a chicken . 
   if it was 85,000 british soldiers from england , that would be unimaginably bad and remembered throughout history . 
  instead , we tend to forget when it 's brown people instead of white people, 
  bridge over the river kwai is an incredibly famous film that every good schoolboy has known about for decades . 
  in ~ ~ british ~ ~ english, 
  you sir , are a cunt , a massive cunt who believes stupid shit . 
  the germans are level headed , unlike america where you shit the bed and vote for trump at the fall of a hat . 
  so basically carefully avoiding saying anything and just stating that you think britain is awesome . 
  to be fair he 's not a politician , it makes sense for him not to commit to anything . 
  so what 's your point ? 
  is this a recent development or something that had happened before you wrote this post ? 
  is your grammar really that bad ? 
  do you lack any kind of understanding of grammar whatsoever ? 
  have you considered it might be just the particular school you 're applying to ? 
  the requirement for celta are n't meant to be that high , they just ask that you speak and write clear grammatical english and have some very basic understanding of language . 
  however , entrance does depend on the tutors in charge of the course to some degree as well . 
  yeah but you have to live in china . 
  as a native speaker you should n't have to show any proof of being able to speak the language . 
  sounds to me like you must have said something strange or acted in a way that gave them doubts . 
  i ca n't really know what it was because they probably did n't give you the full story . 
  it just seems really unusual for a native speaker to be declined for celta . 
  you could probably just learn more about grammar and practise your explanations and just get onto the next course . 
  seems like a little on the hard side but a lot of it just requires a little googling . 
  i 'm assuming you do n't have to do this test under timed conditions so there 's no excuse for not getting the right answers i 'm afraid . 
  actually i have n't said that to anyone dickhead , where the fuck have i said that only the `` correct '' pronunciations should be used . 
  i was mostly pointing out to people that many of the pronunciations they 're complaining about have to claim to greater legitimacy in an attempt to point out their ignorance . 
  the only times i 've complained about pronunciations were in the context of jokes in which the person i was responding to clearly was n't being serious . 
  sounds like you 're just so butthurt you 're going through my post history , which is just sad . 
  at least it 's not as boring as the us where you have to resort to unsubtle attempts at rustling up jimmies to break up the monotony . 
  i 'm afraid that i do if the person is n't financially well off in other more important aspects of their life . 
  i also judge anyone who gets a new car and it seems like the factor that it was new was really important to them over whether it was a decent car . 
  new car buying is either a rich man or a mugs game for the most if you ask me , although it 's obviously not that clear cut . 
  lol cringe ? 
  this guy 's a legend . 
  nah mate , it 's just as good/shit as it ever was , it 's just many people people have fallen to the narrative of golden age bullshit and now they 're baying for any populist that promises easy solutions that do n't have anything to do with the actual problems . 
  everything , if i could go back to school i would have learned everything .
