  obviously i was confused when you said that it was just randomly added to words ending in - a. 
  linking - r also prominent in english dialect like when i say `` better off '' it could be written `` bettuh roff '' . 
  there 's also more linking like linking - t. uk accents will usually say `` at all '' exactly like `` at tall '' . 
  this is arguable something that comes to english from a norman french influence , since french similar kind of linking sounds called liaison . 
  what the fuck , that 's hilarious . 
  is he doing it to troll people i do n't get it ? 
  okay toberfest ? 
  wtf !, 
  i think they were being nice . 
  ca n't believe the us was the first do something ? 
  wow just wow . 
  i personally am amazed when the us does anything . 
  europe never helped with the moon landing or any other nasa accomplishment , oh they did , but what credit to they get ? 
  why the fuck would it be ? 
  you 're not special you know . 
  you had a bit of an advantage after ww2 with europe being destroyed by war and what not but there 's no reason why other countries ca n't accomplish stuff too . 
  here 's some facts for you . 
  there 's no way nasa could 've have done this until recently . 
  landing on the moon is way easier than landing on a comet . 
  also the us is much nearer the size of those 28 countries than any of those individual countries is to the us . 
  you might as well ask why nasa needed the effort of all 50 states rather than just being funded by florida . 
  finally europe did this whilst giving most its people free health care , human rights and a low murder rate . 
  now go back to the third world labour farm we call the usa and take your butthurt with you . 
  america has never been number # 1 in everything . 
  how entitled are you if you simply expect to be number one . 
  you 're no different to any other people . 
  link !, 
  honestly why should 've you ? 
  you have a smaller population and a smaller overall economy than the eu . 
  ultimately as time passes the us ca n't expect to accomplish everything . 
  albeit pronounced differently !, 
  yeah because americans do n't do all those things right ? 
  of course they do . 
  maybe not all of them do all of them . 
  i can link you damn wikipedia article proving it if you wish . 
  i suspect you are full of shit and do n't have the first clue about dialects . 
  from your history i can predict your future . 
  i predict you 'll be an ill educated moron your whole life , if you have kids they 'll be morons too . 
  hitler invaded europe at a time there were no restrictions on guns idiot . 
  you enjoy getting sick in a way uncovered by your insurance now . 
  i 'll enjoy paying those extra few percent of tax to never have to worry about such things . 
  one only need look at the video on this sub reddit following the tea party supporters to know that it was n't all teenagers . 
  `` reddit is full of anti-americans that hate our freedoms ! '', 
  - +181 and gilded . 
  so many onions ... 
  i feel like people majorly overreacted to that shit . 
  he 's a sportsman not a fucking priest . 
  he 's paid to be good at golf , that 's it . 
  why is n't he allowed to make mistakes . 
  such hypocrisy from the people looking down on him . 
  `` as an american ... '' yeah because we really needed to know that . 
  clearly americans have a different standard for creepy . 
  no just get out ... 
  you mean one of the most influential countries in the world with plenty of billionaires and multi-national companies making it their primary base ? 
  the one with with the financial markets that still out trade wall street ? 
  that hollow nub ? 
  hey wankstain , the normal thing to say would be `` as someone who 's never seen this guy before '' ... 
  guess what , there are americans who know who this guy is since it was all over the international press . 
  but know you just though you 'd bring up your nationality which nobody gives two shits about and means nothing . 
  yeah it would n't bother me . 
  but then i see all this nasa contributed shit . 
  but europe massively contributed to the us space exploration , engineering , technology etc. 
  and nobody gives a jot of credit . 
  an english soft - g is called a - j , as in gin and gee . 
  we do also use the french soft g as well though as in belgium but the plebs use a - j because they do n't want to sound like no poofs . 
  it would be awesome for ireland because they 'd be the only anglophone nation in the eu , meaning companies that traded with the us would find it more desirable . 
  honestly if the uk leaves the eu i 'm applying for citizenship somewhere on the continent , ( where i already live i 'll add ) . 
  if only there was some way to cleanse the great british nation of all the low iq racists and xenophobes who actually support these idiots . 
  any ideas germoney ? 
  farage is banging a fraulein, 
  o say can you see , by the dawn 's early light ,, 
  what so proudly we hailed , at the twilight 's last gleaming ,, 
  whose broad stripes and bright stars , through the perilous fight ,, 
  o'er the ramparts we hailed , were so gallantly streaming ,, 
  and the rocket 's red glare , the bombs bursting in air ,, 
  gave proof through the night , that our flag was still there ,, 
  o say does that star spangled banner yet wave ,, 
  o'er a home of the free and a land of the brave ? 
  how exactly do your force someone to become addicted to opium ? 
  these solutions do n't seem final enough : /, 
  people do n't like the tv tax because it does n't fit in anywhere . 
  instead of simply taxing people to partially fund the bbc ( which makes over a billion pounds a years anyway ) , they have a weird system where they send you threatening letters but have no real authority to enforce . 
  furthermore they send the letters regardless of guilt since they have no way of knowing . 
  it 's a dumb system . 
  that 's such bullshit . 
  the scumbags sitting home are selling the weed that our government stupidly outlaws and therefore gives them tax free income . 
  yeah that 's why sweden and germany are such shitholes . 
  bloody tax !, 
  this is just wrong on so many levels . 
  if you 're going to make snakebite do it with larger for christ 's sake . 
  i think it 's an integral part of the us identity to try an appropriate the world 's accomplishments whilst denying the world any share in us 's . 
  for example winston churchill has an american mother , therefore he 's an honorary american . 
  einstein fled ww2 for the states , he 's american . 
  ernest hemmingway spends huge chunks of his life in europe as an ex-pat , still american . 
  dictator educated in the us , still a dirty foreigner . 
  it works with inventions too . 
  franklin does experiments with lightening with no practical application whatsoever , therefore america invented electricity . 
  however a european invents the first light bulb , nope an american made it popular therefore america gave the world the light bulb . 
  european invents television , nope an american made it work a bit better , therefore american . 
  it even works with culture .
