  furthermore the eu 1 prices are quoted without discount . 
  edit : fixed now, 
  shocking performance from england as usual . 
  some lovely bits of football , but a total inability to score and defend when it really matters . 
  no need to get up in brahms about it ... ^ ^ ^ i ^ ^ ^ am ^ ^ ^ very ^ ^ ^ sorry, 
  that whole roads of the city i grew up in were renown for prostitution , in the 30s / 40s , and the prostitutes would get their kids to play on the street corner with a few bob in their pocket to pay the police if they walked down there . 
  you imagine that era as conservative and without crime since there was n't a drugs culture or remotely militant policing , but this was just part of life in working class communities in england in those days . 
  inheritance tax clearly is n't a thing ... 
  with a vasectomy ... 
  it 's funny , you get anglophiles , scotophiles , hibernophiles , but where are all the walesophiles ? 
  if that 's even the word for it ... 
  you think that 's hard ? 
  it 's manoeuvre in the rest of the world ... 
  its clearly , for all in tents and porpoises , you sound like a non-native speaker to i. 
  try it in a british accent , it 's easier i promise you . 
  the hard part is remembering to pronounce it left-tenant outside of uk , despite the same spelling . 
  can you write it in german and explain ? 
  [ one is not amused ] ( http://gifrific.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/queen-of-england-looking-at-her-nails-olympics-2012-london.gif ), 
  earl grey is grim with milk i 'm afraid . 
  might as well put the milk in first ... 
  that is actually bullshit , if you want hear language as it was spoken then go into rural south west england and find the most inbred farmhand in the smallest village and it 'll sound virtually the same , you 'll also find it sounds like shit . 
  the major `` corruptions '' in spoken bre have actually been the victorian attempts to make the language more aesthetically pleasing by bringing it closer to the original french . 
  being bitches = providing basic amenities and the support of the empire in return for taxes , and not allowing you self-governance or representation that would 've totally defeated the purpose of a colony . 
  i do n't really care about losing the colonies but no need to dress it up as a noble act when it was just a group of people who saw an opportunity to look out for number one just as the british were doing at the time . 
  yeah ... we pronounce them `` wrong '' ... 
  your imaginary linguists are imaginary . 
  read up on some proper phonetics rather than anecdotes by choamsky . 
  people in some parts rural england literally sound like pirates which is closest you can get to the english of that time . 
  seriously , learn to speak english , furthermore where is the - e in privacy ? 
  it 's a small i not a big eye . 
  that one is inexcusable . 
  literally - how does one call a cookie under a tree ? 
  - a shady biscuit ? 
  so where 's the joke ? 
  what on earth are you talking about , phoneticians have studied this stuff , the best characterisation of an accent of that time would be a mixture between a south west england , the old fashioned yorkshire dialect and irish . 
  people who claim the american accent is the closest to those times forget that there are dialects still alive in england have survived for hundreds of years , just because the only accents you know are mockney and posh ... 
  so that 's equivalent to , what does one call a pimple under a tree ? 
  a shady spot ? 
  seems like a bit of a dad joke to me , 
  why would you leave god 's own city ? 
  although they were n't the most horrible attempts , none of them would pass as legit , you could hear her actual accent breaking through . 
  i would consider looking for manchester , birmingham , east midlands , bristol , liverpool . 
  even luton since it 's outside the city . 
  i know there are direct flights from copenhagen to birmingham international . 
  ones to avoid are stanstead , gatwick and heathrow , convenient for london but not really anywhere else . 
  any of these are going to make it much easier to explore the english countryside than london . 
  actually `` as '' always takes the accusative without the verb in modern english ... so no . 
  you 're not speaking german . 
  no , that rule is terribly out dated . 
  what you say with the verb is n't the same as what you say without it . 
  it 's `` he is as fast as i am '' or `` he is as fast as me '' , saying `` he is as fast as i '' would just get you funny looks ... 
  it does n't really matter if it 's direct or indirect , since they 're the same pronoun in english , i was just using accusative to refer to the pronoun . 
  regardless `` as me '' is perfectly fine modern english as endorsed by everyone , saying `` as i '' without the verb is just old fashioned and silly . 
  / r/lewronggeneration, 
  that 's utter bullshit , when a change like this is adopted by all the best writers and is acceptable in the most formal documentation , then it 's legitimate change in the language . 
  you just look like an anal moron for not accepting it . 
  i might as well start having a go at you for using `` learned '' instead of the proper traditional word `` learnt '' . 
  he does n't ... 
  what ? 
  honourary *, 
  civilisation and cheap burgers !, 
  the people upvoting this must really lack a sense of humour . 
  local teams both within alabama playing each other ? 
  check ... players are defined as amateurs since they do n't just play sport for a living ? 
  check ... players are students ? 
  check ... 
  seems like his description was totally and absolutely accurate ... 
  a lot of people found it funny , maybe it 's you who is different ... 
  get over yourself seriously . 
  if you ca n't laugh at yourself then you 'll never get humour . 
  when someone characterises the british as limey tea drinking effete aristocrats on tv we laugh and suck it up , when someone characterises canadians as maple syrup drinking , moose loving , apologisers they suck it up . 
  australians as dingo chasing , kangaroo boxing , shrimp on the barbeque yokels ? 
  irish as drunken , lecherous , leprechaun lovers ? 
  scottish as kilt wearing , haggis eating , washing it down with iron bru and whiskey ? 
  it 's just for fun , stop being such a whiney bitch ... 
  richard ayoade was also in darkplace , he was hilarious in it !, 
  your deportation is being processed and you will receive a visit imminently ... 
  tea 's at 4 with cake , dinners at 7 , that 's what the truly posh do . 
  i was literally just thinking about the advantages of separate taps and i found one . 
  doing the washing up , wash with the scolding tap for hygene , rinse with the cold for comfort , no need to pick a middling temperature that would reduce the dirt removing powers . 
  i 'm too poor for a dish washer ... 
  this is such bullshit , everyone except cockneys pronounce their - t 's , americans however never say their - t 's and say - d instead !, 
  man 's *, 
  ideologically loads . 
  i hate to accredit the old bag with anything but thatcher had it quite right when she said `` europe was created by history . 
  america was created by philosophy . '', 
  america has a conservative philosophy , the uk has a conservative history . 
  both nations have tendencies to think they 're the best but in different ways . 
  america tends to be more comfortable with being shamelessly self-promoting , in a way it 's considered a value of the culture , to stand up for yourself and what you believe in , to sell yourself as something remarkable , that is ultimately how you get ahead in a country heavily influenced by capitalist philosophy . 
  in the uk it 's the opposite , if you 're good you 're the one that need n't say anything , you merely aloofly rise above the mediocrity , to do otherwise is suspicious and perhaps indicative of insecurity . 
  if asked about their accomplishments americans would talk about going to the moon , or their economic output , or the size of their military , britons look on this and think it ostentatious , like a new comer who has a high opinion of themselves , the british can quietly sit back and think we were here 1000 years ago , and we 'll be here in another 1000 years , even if we 've lost our empire and military dominance . 
  we complain miserably about the uk but ultimately the vast majority would n't ever wish to be anywhere else and will change tact if they think an outsider is talking ill of the uk . 
  in a way being negative about the uk despite its massive influence on the entire world throughout history is just sly way of our suggesting our superiority , in that we have lost the need to praise it . 
  in the us there 's lots of focus on what you believe and your right to believe it . 
  the uk does n't have this at all , you should pipe down and do your duty , what your beliefs are is irrelevant . 
  there 's an element of ego destruction that 's integral to british culture , you are just one of many , loudly standing up for yourself is just irritating . 
  it 's unbritish since you 're not maintaining your stiff upper lip to serve the greater needs of the community , the world wars only ingrained this further and is probably why we 're much happier as a slightly left leaning capitalist society . 
  i know in british universities you tend to get the occasional american student who is overly vocal , they might stand up in class and say their opinion in a heartfelt manner , the reaction of the rest of us is usually to cringe and wonder what ever gave them the idea that anyone actually cares what they think . 
  the uk definitely tries to preserve more of the old way of things than the us , the us is more focussed around the idea of building things bigger and better . 
  we 're ultimately very different countries despite the same language .
