  let 's face it , you are n't pissed because mark carney has done anything that wrong . 
  you 're pissed because he 's not buying the government 's bullshit underestimation of the impacts of brexit on the economy . 
  ultimately carney has n't said anything about brexit , that 's not his job , however he 's free to make his own statements about the future of the economy and if they contradict the saccharine fairy tale the government is spouting so be it . 
  all this government has done is make poor economic decisions against the advice of mainstream economists , and this is the party that 's meant to be all about economy . 
  it 's like they 're deliberately sapping the wealth of britons to keep up growth and it 's nonsense . 
  now with brexit it 's just another excuse to take wealth from ordinary britons and keep the rats hungry for some cheese . 
  only this time it wo n't just be economic equality taking a hit , but the whole economy overall . 
  it 's not merely that . 
  some places in europe do have wooden homes , however wooden homes last nowhere near as long as brick builds . 
  since most of the houses already existing in europe are brick builds , nobody wants a wooden home , it would be inferior to what your neighbours have . 
  despite the high cost of wood , i very much doubt a brick build could ever be cheaper than a wood build , but there 's simply no market for it , people want their houses to have the permanence brick builds bring . 
  to be fair , in the uk buying and owning a house is typically more expensive than germany . 
  the homes are also made of brick . 
  property values are on average higher . 
  however the rate of home ownership and suburbanisation is higher . 
  that 's proof enough that it 's a very cultural thing as well as due to material conditions . 
  germany has a cultural stigma against debt that goes all the way back to the weimar republic , this leads to more saving and investment over investment in property assets ( which is all a mortgage is ) . 
  germany banks are more heavily regulated than those of many countries . 
  for example , all the mortgages given out by sparkassen around germany are legally obligated to manage their risk individually , and they can only take so much risk on their books . 
  in many countries the banking sector is centralised nationally , meaning risk can be spread across the whole national bank for effectively . 
  germans do have other options , private banks etc. 
  but they are obliged to be less risk adverse than other countries , at least domestically . 
  i 'll add that renting in germany takes all much as much effort as buying somewhere in many countries , since landlords are taking so much more of a risk allowing someone to rent it out , as well as the fact that price control results in a surplus pool of people looking to rent than people looking to rent out . 
  funny how the height of the football hooliganism coincided with the height of dance culture and the mainstream popularity of mdma . 
  it 's a weird mix that lots of those types of fellas back then would be going out saturday daytime to kick someone 's head in and then head back up town to spend 6 hours gurning to the likes of the happy mondays or whatever . 
  you clearly have n't understood the video . 
  the 3220 figure is the equity the homeowner is putting into his house plus the cost of home maintenance , taxes , insurances , interest . 
  the renter is paying roughly 1/3 less precisely because he is n't paying home maintenances , taxes , insurances , and interest . 
  the number is n't `` picked out of thin air '' , the 2120 figure is what the buyer is actually paying into his home as equity , so it 's assuming that the renter is paying the same amount monthly on rent as the home owner is putting as equity into his home , plus the insurances a prudent renter should get . 
  if you ca n't see the point that they 're making then you are beyond stupid . 
  - there are plenty of associated costs with home ownership in the uk , also the video is canadian . 
  - i 've rented my whole life and i ca n't say i 've really incurred any administrative fees , just the commission for the estate agent and that 's covered by the landlord . 
  - that entirely rents on where you live in the uk , what type of property , and a bunch of other stuff . 
  the ultimate point is not that mortgages are bad , the point is that you should do the maths before you rush into buying a home to ensure it 's right for you . 
  i know many people with mortgages who are n't geniuses and they naively assume that money paid into a house is de facto better than saving , because it 's money you `` get back '' , when of course there 's no chance whatsoever they 're even accounting for inflation when determining that . 
  yes , you might buy a 200k house and get a 500k house back into 25 years , but if 500k buys you less than 200ks worth of stuff in 25 years then you 're the loser . 
  sadly that 's the way we see it in the uk , but perhaps we do n't protect rentals enough and consequently force people into home ownership when it 's the wrong choice for them . 
  i think it has a much deeper message about media hysteria around paedophilia , about the power the internet can have on our lives , about privacy , about mob justice , about the dehumanisation of `` wrong-doers '' . 
  i also think it exposes you brutally to the reality that someone can be likeable and get you routing for them but turn out to be bad . 
  honestly i think the episode was genius , and definitely the impacting social commentary of the 3rd series . 
  you 're confusing the situation you happen to be in with the solid wisdom that the video contains . 
  if in you 're area the cost of rental is so high and getting a mortgage so cheap then obviously that is right for you in your situation . 
  his point is that mortgages can seem cheaper on face value in terms of what you pay now , however that does n't account for future costs , the product of obligations and expenses you take on by being a home owner . 
  if you pay # 600 a month , a sizeable amount of that is lost to interest , the actual equity you pay into you home is considerably less than that . 
  then you need to factor in all the future costs and average them across the duration of your mortgage . 
  costs like maintenance , that new boiler after 10 years will need to be factored , that roof repair in 15 years too , alongside all the fees incurred buying and selling the house . 
  these costs go up considerably if you move around . 
  you should only take a # 600 a month if you can really afford # 800 a month in a perfect world . 
  on the other hand the renter does n't take on any of these costly obligations , he can actually spend # 600 on his flat and only take on minimal hidden long term costs . 
  what he saves he can invest in assets the may provide a rate of return that may well beat that of house appreciation . 
  none of this actually means you do n't need to sit down when a pen and paper and figure out for yourself what works best for you in your housing market , in your rental market , and with your investment options . 
  the point is that is something people should before they rush into buying a house on the assumption that that is the only way to step up the ladder and amass wealth . 
  we are an overly property investment dependent society as it is , we should n't religiously stick to a nigh on religious devotion to mortgages as the way to get rich . 
  what 's important to not is that the video make it sound rather like these options are mutually exclusive , when in reality they 're not , if you save then later on you could buy use those assets to buy property , and either take on a smaller mortgage ( and therefore less interest ) or buy a more expensive home . 
  i mean , hell , if you 're so certain that rental income always beats mortgage costs , then at some point it makes sense for you to buy a more much more expensive home , rent it out , and then save until you can take a mortgage on a modest home of your own , at the end of the day you 'll be worth vastly more . 
  however , if it were that simple then everyone would invest in multiple properties when possible . 
  arguably what you spent on your krankenversicherung you saved in tax that you would 've paid in income tax in the uk . 
  this will depend heavily on your earnings of course . 
  then it will depend on your employment status in germany , freiberuflich or selbstst\u00e4ndig etc. 
  then we 'd have to look at what your earnings and employment status would 've been doing a comparable job in the uk , sole trader , full/part time employee , etc. 
  then you have to consider the fact that if your earning were very low ( mini-job ) or then in the german system you should 've been on benefits , which would 've paid for your health insurance , as well as your rent possibly depending on your circumstances . 
  next we 'd have to consider your costs . 
  rental costs , cost of living , commute etc. 
  and then finally we 'd have to consider any value you gained . 
  for example , if living in the uk would 've required twice as long commute , you gained value by being germany . 
  if the flat you would 've got for the same price in germany was much larger than what the same amount of money would 've got you in the uk ( let 's face it probably was ) , then you gained value . 
  some of what you say is just untrue , there is no mandatory $ 600 fine per month for those who lack health insurance while resident in germany . 
  first off , calling it a `` fine '' make it sound as if it 's additional to the cost of the health insurance you were meant to have had . 
  typically , if you are uninsured for a period of time in germany then you will expected to pay whatever would 've been due had you been working at the time , this is something like $ 450 , however you can contest that if you were n't earning and have it reduced , you are also can bargain with the payment , and work out a very generous payment plan ( inflation matching interest , long time period ) , allowing you to immediately become insured and receive treatment . 
  i know people that got hit by this because they were n't insured , and although they owed like $ 5000 , they were allowed to pay back less than $ 50 a month with minimal interest , so it ended up working out more like a insurance rate hike than a crippling debt . 
  typically there are no situations wherein anyone is refused treatment in germany . 
  it can certainly harm you financially if you go a long time without paying , but the debts invoked are quite soft . 
  as for what you say waiting rooms i 've never heard of anyone having that problem . 
  perfectly fine to use your phone . 
  obviously in a private market service differs from place to place much as it does in the uk with dentists . 
  i have to be straight here , but why on earth do you want to see a psychologist ? 
  a psychologist is someone who studies the mind from a scientific perspective ? 
  if you 're suffering from mental health issues that the last person you want to see . 
  do you mean a therapist ? 
  anecdotally i know someone who has been treated by therapist on the german public health insurance system recently , and imo they received better treatment than they could 've from the nhs . 
  decent amount of hours spent weekly with a therapist , not to mention paid time off from work , and allowances in the workplace to work reduced hours on full pay . 
  do n't get me wrong , i think the nhs is great too , it 's certainly vastly more convenient and stress free , the beveridge system is the ultimately the best , but i think there 's a lot to be said for the bismarck system plus a healthy welfare system . 
  not to get political but arguable the germans have set themselves up far more effectively within the eu to accept immigration without taking on too much economic risk to themselves . 
  long term for those born in germany the cost difference under this system is n't that different from what britons pay , but immigrants end up paying more , and thus `` paying their way '' to become part of society . 
  maybe it 's a factor in while any anti-immigration populism is n't quite as widespread ? 
  anyway it sounds like you had a bad time , and i 'm sorry for that . 
  but you have to give a fair assessment . 
  you make it sound like germany has the kind of rampantly profiteering healthcare system as the us , which is just untrue . 
  do n't include church tax , that 's idiotic . 
  there is no real time limit on becoming insured if you 're self employed in germany . 
  if you do all the right things it should take a few weeks , anmeldung , steueridentifikationsnummer , finanzamt , krankenkasse , job done , 4 weeks tops , and during this time you can still recieve treatment if you fall ill . to me it sound like you 're just another brit that struggled with the german bureaucracy , which is fair enough , most foreigners in germany have been there , but that 's no reason to make out like it 's so awful . 
  meh , i think you 're being a dick . 
  although after the referendum result i have my doubts about the economic literacy of many britons . 
  nonetheless , most britons are under no illusion that the nhs is not paid for , nobody thinks it 's `` free '' in the sense that it does n't cost anything . 
  almost everyone is aware that our tax pays for it . 
  the beauty of the nhs though is that it 's free on delivery with minimal bureaucratic hold ups . 
  additionally it does n't force the unemployed onto benefits to escape mandatory costs . 
  with the nhs health insurance is just not something you ever need worry nor think about , and when you do happen to become ill it 's there for you without ever having to be concerned . 
  to to be fair it 's not like the tax burden in the uk is that bad , in fact in germany many pay more and pay insurance on top of that . 
  i guess whether that 's worth it depends on how much value you think the state that your taxes pay for provides .
