  they let him interview people because they know it 'll been seen by millions . 
  except it 's mostly right . 
  c4 news are publicly owned and bound by certain rules about non-promotion . 
   and does n't love ~ ~ moss ? ~ ~ [ dean learner ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nvbeexv72em ), 
  ftfy, 
  ca n't be put into tea . 
  weed does n't make good tea because the psychoactive components are oil based . 
  if they 'd wanted this to succeed long term they should have made the game actually good before they released it . 
  i mean if you look at it objectively the game is just so bad . 
  as a very casual player the only time i really play is when i 'm exercising , as it makes a run somewhat more appealing if there is some other benefit to it . 
  amazing however , the gps tracking is fucked , running 2km measured by google maps might only get me between 0.5-1 km in game egg hatching . 
  if i cycle i get penalised for going too fast and it does n't register . 
  furthermore , i 've being running to spots and back to see what i can catch there , whereas weeks ago the pokemon hotspots were constantly crowded and constantly had lures on , now i notice there 's only really a 50 % chance of there being a lure there and probably only one or two other players , so the game is obviously declining in popularity . 
  not to mention the fact that the game drains battery life insanely , and some bright spark though it would be a good idea to make it so the game must always be open to detect pokemon . 
  this means turning off any battery saving sleep setting and dimming the brightness to conserve charge making it hard to see what 's going on . 
  i 'm now like level 12 , and i 've never even engaged in a battle with my pokemon yet . 
  all the gyms have like cp 1800 snorlaxes and shit , my cp 600 hypno does n't have a chance . 
  consequently i 've never even tried to capture a gym . 
  despite never having fought , i have n't heard good things about it from those frustrated level 25 players who now have almost nothing to do , apparently the mechanics are shit . 
  additionally , an incredibly dumb move on their behalf was to make it so lower level players ca n't even see rare pokemon . 
  i mean i understand how mobile games work a bit , and i realise they need a mechanic that will incentivise you to level up , but if you could at least see the rare pokemon just not capture them it might give more incentive to keep playing . 
  hours of finding nothing but pidgeys and ratattas is not encouraging anyone to keep playing . 
  let 's not get started on the crappy awful pokeball throwing mechanic , i realise that this is n't meant to be hard or challenging , but it is n't even fun , by your 100th pokemon you may as well just set a macro to do it for you . 
  they could have easily made this mini game mildly challenging and feel a bit more game like , but instead they basically went with something that somehow managed to be even more boring than a quick time event . 
  the augmented reality thing is complete bullshit too . 
  it 's just turning your camera on needlessly and it makes it hard if you 're lying down or your phone is on your lap , basically if you 're doing anything but standing around with your phone held at arms length . 
  i turned it off before i was even level 5 . 
  you ca n't battle friends directly , which was like , the real end game that pokemon provided . 
  i mean why the fuck would n't you think to include this in a game . 
  on a similar note , no fucking trading , that just seems like so necessary to the very notion of pokemon , most of the fun comes from comparing your character with your friends ' and bargaining with each other on trades . 
  shall i add that the game is really shitty for anyone who lives in a rural area . 
  even within cities the distribution is very uneven . 
  i live less than 1km from my friend in the city , but because he lives on a square that 's considered a landmark with 3 pokestops nearby , while i live on an unremarkable stretch of road , he 's getting tonnes of different pokemon while i get the same 5-6 over and over . 
  i mean i live in a highly urban environment , i ca n't imagine how shit it is for people who live in a field . 
  finally , add the generally crappy and buggy nature of the app . 
  crashes all the time , transfers to the professor not working , pokestops refusing to work despite standing next to them . 
  it 's a disaster . 
  i mean it 's like they deliberately set out to make sure that a game that was basically a surefire hit from its inception was going to flop once the initial buzz wore off . 
  it 's as if they were actually trying . 
  sure a lot of people are saying that they 'll fix all this stuff , but imo by the time they manage that then the buzz will lost and pokemon go will just the regulated to being considered an outdated cringey fad and mocked . 
  it 's sad , because this opportunity probably wo n't come again . 
  fans of stuff are far more forgiving than the general public , fans will at least check out a sequel or a game fixing patch ( or at least check the reviews ) in the hope that an ip will be revitalised . 
  with the general public , who really only took an interest because the hype was so huge , you 're not going to get a 2nd chance because it 's impossible to create anything near as much hype the 2nd time around . 
  if the game had been polished and enjoyable we could 've been seeing a pokemon revival , nay a pokemon renaissance , sure the buzz would have died down by a huge number of new players would 've been attracted to the ip , and many non-gamers would 've been convinced to play mobile games . 
  instead , i can see pokemon go being comparable to kony 2012 in a few months , a standing joke , that people are ashamed of having jump on the bandwagon of . 
  yeah but nobody cares about those ones . 
  except i 'm an adult now . 
  if i wanted to be playing an rpg on a handheld gaming device ( or even if a wanted to own a dedicated handheld gaming device ) i would do by now . 
  frankly , if i wanted to play an rpg i 'd be playing witcher 3 , or fallout , or skyrim or something instead . 
  what i did think was a super cool idea though was the idea of a pokemon game that could be played while out and about that interacted with the real world . 
  one that could be played on my phone while i commute to work or go for a jog . 
  do they expect me to take a handheld games console with me on public transport to work everyday ? 
  do they expect me to jog around the park with my 3ds or whatever in my hands ? 
  it 's just so stupid that they thought that would work . 
  if anything this will turn pokemon in a cringey fad that people will be embarrassed to have in their apps folder in 3 months time . 
  one of the few youtubers who i dislike as a human being rather than just as a youtuber . 
  up there with keemstar . 
  lol this video was from 2009 , memes were a thing way before then . 
  being proud of heritage would be posting the commonwealth tally . 
  forcibly including countries like ireland , india , and egypt ( even the 13 colonies lol ) , all of which have a very contentious relationship to their histories as part of the british empire is straight up fucked . 
  firstly , the idea that no one will be forced to leave is untrue . 
  it will depend on the visa requirements they are transferred too , even if theses are very easy to fulfil , some wo n't and will leave . 
  secondly , you do realise that jobs require a constant influx of new people to maintain their workforce as people retire , move jobs , quit , or get fired ? 
  so few the pool of nurses in the uk shrinks then a shortage will occur eventually . 
  yeah , it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  despite the fact that uk interviews shown on publicly funded programming have to make their interviews a bit more than simply adverts for whatever the celebrity is promoting , most do this in a much more agreeable way . 
  for example , most will just ask questions about aspects of the celebrities personal life , but soft questions about their love life or family life that the celebrity does n't mind answering , they may ask about a celebrities working relationship with another actor or director outside the context of the film . 
  sometimes they might ask about the celebrities opinion on an uncontroversial current affairs topic , or about something related to charity work they 're doing . 
  in this way an interview can be considered an interview with a celebrity rather than simply a promotional piece of a film . 
  all they really have to do is mix in questions that are n't directly related to the film . 
  bearing this in mind , a far more likely explanation is that both tarantino and his media managers knew exactly what the score was , but they expected krishnan to play by the rules and ask the typical soft ball questions that would suffice to placate the british tv regulators . 
  krishnan decided fuck that and just went in with some difficult to answer and deeply personal questions , taking the kind of tact he would when hard balling a political figure or whatever . 
  honestly , i think krishnan does n't really give a fuck and does n't want to interview celebrities . 
  mostly he deals with serious news , they probably only had him on those interviews because they were really big names like rdj and tarantino , had it been a lesser celebrity it probably would 've been someone else . 
  that said , from a more cynical perspective , it might have been a more cynical ploy by channel 4 , send in someone who is unknown outside the uk but a veteran interviewer more used to politicians and see if he can stir up some shit for the publicity it 'll get . 
  most ordinary celebrity interviewers would n't do this because it could destroy their careers getting them blacklisted , but because krishnan is a serious news anchor he does n't really care about that , he could be shut out by the whole of hollywood but it would n't matter since it wo n't affect his status as a news anchor in the uk , so he 's in a unique position to be able to fuck with big name celebrities without there being real ramifications for his own career , perhaps suggesting it was all just a calculated pr stunt so c4 could syndicate copies of the interview to other networks . 
  as a serious news anchor he 's actually pretty good imo . 
  personally , i think the reason his interviews were like that is simply because it 's a pr stunt , which i explained [ in this comment ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/4z6faz/richard_ayoade_is_a_genius_at_the_art_of_the_rant/d6ukll4 ) . 
  channel 4 , the network doing the interviews , is clearly just fucking with celebrities to make news imo . 
  i 'd say the british are pretty conservative in this regard compared to most of europe and the middle east , i mean it 's not generally socially accepted for straight men to kiss unless they 're family , and even then only if it 's in a certain context like a father/grandfather being kissed by their son/grandson , and only on the cheek obviously . 
  that said , the american culture is so adverse to male emotional openness and affection that often it swings the other way and achieves an almost homoerotic vibe . 
  it 's so overly trying to seem straight that it appears artificial , and starts to seem homoerotic . 
  south park hit the nail on the with the whole notion that the fast and the furious was filmed as gay porn and then simply had all the sex scenes removed . 
  the super straighter than straight overtones just give the whole thing gay undertones , surely only men trying to conceal something would be this concerned with appearing macho . 
  i think the yanks see the rest of the west in a far more alien way than most people in other western countries . 
  that said , brits do this as well , maybe just to a lesser to degree , and are prone to overreacting to minor differences in other countries , both english speaking and european , as if they 're utterly shocked and appalled that other countries are n't just britain with a different language . 
  i think americans do the same but worse . 
  they assume even more . 
  i 've heard stuff like `` omg you guys do n't have walmarts in the uk '' and `` i ca n't believe you do n't have taco bell in the uk '' a fair few times . 
  i do n't think you 'll find any britons saying `` omg i ca n't believe there 's no tescos in the us '' . 
  americans tend to assume that the stuff they know to be universal , whereas britons are acutely aware of the britishness of certain things . 
  britons tend to be more shocked when they find out laws or other fundamentals are different and stuff , i guess the british just assume their society formed the template for the entire modern western world , whereas the americans tend to assume every element of their culture has been successfully exported overseas . 
  that said , both cultures are amongst the worst for it . 
  and convincing yourself you need them seem like the act of a fragile people if you ask me . 
  assuming little jimmy needs ritalin just because he messes around and does n't concentrate in class seems like the ultimate in fragility , taking responsibility away from the individual and the parents and abstracting it into affliction that can be controlled with medication . 
  i really do n't think that america , one of the most neurotic cultures in the world , can really suggest that its populace is less fragile than most other countries , especially those countries where hardship is more common and people generally just get on with it . 
  i think she 's from the north of england , and they 're getting her to do cockney , that 's like asking a californian to do new york , furthermore , they 're probably getting her to ham is up , otherwise how will all the dumb people know it 's meant to be british ? 
  that sounds like bad australian to me . 
  british people do n't say gawn , they say gone , using the - o sound , the one americans ca n't say . 
  it 's not actually that good .
