  the press in the us has lottery fever right now . 
  it 's even made our news and i 'm in a country that does n't even speak english . 
  this is one of the biggest wins in history if not the largest , i 'm not sure . 
  maybe they concluded that even if just the father had gone and done everything to keep their anonymity that the press would 've still found out everything about them . 
  not just about the father but about the mother and the daughter too . 
  this is essentially the strategy of a pre-emptive strike . 
  give the press what they want straight away in a way that you can control , and hope that they get bored of you sooner . 
  otherwise you 're going to have people snooping around after you and be exposed in ways that you have no control over . 
  do n't think the press in the us are n't above using dirty tactics to identify these people . 
  they could have made a trust , yes , but then the press would be doing everything to figure out who the trust belonged to . 
  they will bribe people , they will trawl public records , they will go around asking locals ( and they already know the general area the winner was in ) if anyone has moved or quit their job suddenly . 
  if the circumstances are such that anonymity is impossible , the next best strategy is to not fight it at all and hope you make it out the other side without your life ruined . 
  as i said though , we do n't know if he 's even their actual lawyer , maybe it 's just someone they hired as the shoulder guy while the real lawyers / accountants want to keep their relationship secret . 
  essentially they could just be hiring this no name as the fall guy , the guy who 's going to have to deal with the thousands of calls he 'll now receive from various parties looking to get in on this shit show . 
  to be fair it makes sense that they 'd hire a shitty lawyer for this role because only a shitty lawyer would be willing to deal with it . 
  big shot lawyers have enough clients and money to mean it 's not worse their hassle , and they certainly would n't be caught dead on national tv next to these hicks because it could affect their existing business . 
  exactly , what reddit is assuming is stupidity could actually be a very calculated attempt at pr management . 
  either could be true . 
  the dumbass explanation may even be more probable . 
  my point is we ca n't know for certain . 
  when someone has 500 million dollars they 're perfectly capable of hiring the best in pr management , legal and financial advice to work out what to do , so it 's certainly not all that crazy to think they might have done that already and are actually behaving more intelligently than we 've given them credit for . 
  i dislike the attitude of some people who are jumping to conclusions , it 's really just concealed jealousy . 
  some undeserving chumps get elevated to being super rich so therefore they must necessarily already be being swindled and exploited because of cosmic justice or some bullshit . 
  i think we should sit back and see how this plays out , we 'll know in time how dumb they really are . 
  white gold !, 
  texas tea ... sweetener !, 
  also , where was the gravy ? 
  fuck , i just fry up mince and onions , add salt , eat with bread and ketchup . 
  lol , captain save-a-hoe . 
  i do n't even live in the us , but i have need a lot of shit in the media about the lottery lately so this might not be normal . 
  facebook up , delete the gym , hit the lawyer ? 
  at the time this would have been so cringe , now it 's like how could not people see the writing was on the wall . 
  boy , he was wrong about mp3s though . 
  heroin addicts . 
  thing is , the only reason most users use netflix is convenience . 
  all the content that is on netflix is available for free from less legit sources . 
  it 's not even necessary to torrent it , if you know the right sites you can stream virtually anything in reasonable quality . 
  i think the only reason netflix is so successful internationally is because vpns are so common . 
  people are n't going to pay for the content in just one country , especially people in those countries where the content selection is pretty shitty . 
  so what happened is that one spanish couple moved from spain to mexico a few hundred years ago and their family primarily bred with other european people . 
  a different spanish couple moved to new york around the same time and primarily bred with other european too . 
  then eventually the two lines met and created this unique half white half hispanic person who totally was n't almost entirely european . 
  honestly , this is the legacy of american racism , and so is the american obsession with heritage . 
  while most europeans accept that ethnically we 're all quite similar , this is lost on americans . 
  now sure , if you go to russia you can notice that generally people have a `` slavic look '' , high cheek bones etc. 
  and if you go to italy you notice that people are a bit more olive skinned and dark haired , because we actually live here we realise that these are just general trends and not separate ethnicities . 
  there are blonde italians and swarthy norwegians , red haired romanians and olive skinned scots . 
  americans on the other hand seem to think these stereotypes are different races like being black or white or east asian . 
  what americans do n't realise is that this melting pot concept has been completely redefined in modern times . 
  to be fair , america was to some degree a melting pot , simply because lots of cultures emigrated there and slowly became more alike . 
  however , what they forget , is that for much of the 19th century and 20th century america did everything to avoid being a melting pot if they could . 
  america was not founded as an intentional melting pot , just read what the founding fathers wrote about the german immigrants if you want to see that , yes , the white german protestant immigrants . 
  god knows what they thought about the italians or the spanish . 
  the difference was that europeans had their national identities to clearly define who was their kind and who was foreign , they could discriminate and hate each other on this basis . 
  the english could hate the irish and call them feckless lazy idiots ** because ** they were irish , it did n't have to focus on some strange concept of irish blood making someone lazy , they were lazy because they grew up in ireland with irish culture . 
  however when america started to become more of a singular culture in the 19th century they did everything they could to try to maintain these boundaries despite all speaking the same language , having similar accents , and looking very similar . 
  america had to invent the concept of strongly defined separate european ethnicities in order to keep hating each other . 
  now i 'm not saying europeans did n't do this too , obviously just look at the nazi literature about what was ayran and what was n't , however i think the concept persisted more in the us simply because it was all they had nothing else to go on . 
  in the early 20th century people of irish descent and polish descent were still heavily discriminated against simply because of their heritage . 
  personality , worth and character was all thought to be defined by which european country your ancestors hailed from . 
  all kind of weird folklore like beliefs popped up about what different european heritage entailed . 
  only people with wasp heritage were truly `` white '' , or at least only germanic protestant descended people . 
  catholic heritage was distinctly working class . 
  irish blood made people loud boisterous drunkards , italian blood made one overly amorous and lacking in restraint , spanish blood made one lazy , polish blood made one stupid . 
  these concepts of difference had to be maintained in the us far more than in europe in order for people to feel superior to each other . 
  this is why american are obsessed with heritage if you ask me . 
  you see it all the time on reddit with people claiming that it 's their irish great-granddad that gave them their ability to drink , or that their german grandmother made them love beer , or their italian relative gave them their temper . 
  it 's because it was deeply ingrained in america that ethnicity differed from country to country within europe , as in the absence of national identity something had to fill that void . 
  yeah in europe people focus on discriminating solely on the basis on skin colour , which is the equivalent of only having 5 types of pizza , however in america you have the whole discrimination spectrum , a whole rainbow of hatred all the way from vanilla to chocolate with every kind of flavour in between . 
  i 'd take that risk for a few hundred thousand dollars . 
  i 'll explain why you 're getting downvotes . 
  nobody fucking cares . 
  i 'd guess they were maori . 
  according to statistics 47 % of maori adults are obese . 
  ok , well the statistics for samoans are even worse , 80 % of samoans over 15 are obese . 
  fyi cokes up people are usually anything but chill . 
  no offence to those guys but i get the feeling they are done and that 's probably a good thing . 
  bam does not look like the young guy he used to be , the drugs have really take their toll . 
  steve - o is off the drugs and alcohol and doing his own thing . 
  dunn and vito are dead . 
  it 's sad to see the ageing heros of your youth still trying to capture the success they had in their prime . 
  a new jackass film just would n't feel right , the zeitgeist is past , the guys are mostly too old to be degrading themselves for our entertainment any more , at some point it stops being funny and just starts being tragic . 
  that said , i 'm sure the hardcore fans would still turn out for another jackass film , however i would n't be interested . 
  i grew up watching these guys in the cky videos i 'd buy in skateshops , in a weird way they were kinda childhood heroes of mine , although maybe not exactly the kind you wanted to imitate . 
  when i see them today though their age and unhealthy state just makes me feel bad . 
   they 're on opposite sides of the relevent scale . . 
  what ? 
  coming from the uk i had almost none of these problems !, 
  we do n't have ac either !, 
  what you 're tasting in the coke is sugar ( rather than corn syrup ) , and what you 're tasting in the chocolate is the lack of preservatives . 
  american chocolate tastes weird to us too . 
  as for service i think it 's great here , generally they are quite efficient , overly friendly service annoys me , they 're not quite as deferential as in the uk but they 're certainly adequate for me , the bar service far exceeds what i 'm used to in speed and efficiency . 
  as for the medical system , it 's a pain for deal with the insurers but otherwise i 've found it fine , no different from the nhs back home . 
  remember patients = customers is a uniquely american concept . 
  i agree with you about the sunday thing though , i like to do shopping on sundays but here that 's not an option . 
  seriously though , have made many friends ? 
  personally i think all these minor trivial things mean nothing . 
  you could live in india and have no qualms provided you had a good group of friends to support you , and you could move to a different city within your own country and find even the most minor of differences annoy the fuck out of you if you 're lonely and isolated . 
  have you tried english speaking meet ups and stammtischs ? 
  sure it 's not necessarily the best way to immerse yourself in german but sometimes you have to just accept you need to hear a familiar sounding voice .
