  ^ i ^ have ^ no ^ idea ^ what ^ these ^ things ^ are ... 
  really ? 
  you 're going to be that guy ? 
  he got paid . 
  it 's 250k not 20 million . 
  most probable thing he did was buy a medium sized flat for between 150-200k , buy a decent newish second hand car for about 10k , go on a few holidays and keep 20k in the bank . 
  really a `` bad ending '' . 
  do n't be such an arse . 
  and i 'd say you 're lying . 
  this is n't the land of the free . 
  we do n't pay tax on most gambling wins and prizes . 
  judaism does seem in the way that , with any other religion , the moment you stop identifying with it you cease to be part of it . 
  whilst in judaism people of jewish matriarchal lineage are considered merely lapsed jews who can return to the faith any time . 
  whilst fervent observers of the torah are not considered jews except in rare situations where they go through conversion and even then are looked upon strangely by the community . 
  nice story , but if you were black out drunk how are you telling the story now ? 
  someone from the nation that hates taxes complaining about countries that have low taxes . 
  i fucking love it . 
  capitalism baby !, 
  of course when american resources go overseas they 're just stealing american industry and innovation . 
  but when america steals half the worlds science and industry because they 're able to pay them more due to the fact that us financial interests do n't have to bother with stuff like paying workers healthcare or even decent wages , oh that 's different , when those people and companies arrive they 're suddenly american . 
  ca n't believe the levels of irony here , you 're a nation founded on the very principle of exactly what ireland does to you . 
  it 's beautiful . 
  the only looting i see here is the us 's looting of the queen 's rightful territories , followed by the looting good hard working european labour forces with false promises of freedom and wealth , followed by the looting of half the world 's academic resources paid for with the non-existent cash of future generations through college fees . 
  yes , because living on state handouts and being wealthy are totally comparable lifestyles . 
  see that 's the problem with places with social welfare and healthcare , there 's simply no motivation to better yourself whatsoever . 
  my mate bob lives next door and he 's a neurosurgeon , one of the best in the country , and me ? 
  well i just lounge around all day playing vidya and fapping . 
  nevertheless me and bob are best of mates and have exactly the same lifestyle . 
  we live in identical apartments , have similar televisions and furniture , we drive similar cars , we eat the same food and wear the same clothes . 
  at the weekends we go to the same places and hang around out with the same people . 
  we have similar holidays and in fact all the life experiences available to us are the same . 
  in fact the only difference between our lives is he works 12 hours a day saving people with life threatening illnesses and i fap and play vidya . 
  almost seems unfair but our nasty socialist government disagrees . 
  now the thing is bob earns 250,000 euros a year doing his job , and i get 6,000 euros a year from unemployment benefits , the problem though is the nasty government taxes bob 40 % of his earnings to pay for people like me , and after all that tax he 's only 6,000 a year left , because everyone knows 250,000 minus 40 % is 6,000 . 
  you see this is why our socialist hellholes are falling apart , our shopping centres often only have one mcdonalds in them , it 's like the 3rd world over here . 
  nobody can be bothered to work because the 40 % tax on high earners means nobody can earn more than 6,000 euros a year . 
  if only we could be like enlightened societies like america where people like me would be homeless drug addicted criminals with serious health complaints they ca n't get treated , then people like bob would have a motivation to work . 
  god bless america , showing us the light in these dark times . 
  i 'm more shocked by the fact they expect people to wait 14 days since their diarrhoea to go swimming . 
  it 's just fucking common sense not to go swimming with diarrhoea , but 14 days ? 
  it 's not malaria ... 
  even it 's such a nice word , why does half the world insist on calling them potato chips ... 
  until you have to learn them all ... 
  i will cleave you in twain . 
  everyone has a different way of pronouncing this !, 
  what the fuck did you just say of me , you measly ignoble serf ? 
  i 'll have you know i convocated top of my class at eton college , windsor . 
  i 've been present at numerous royal ceremonies and have over 300 confirmed knighthoods under my sword . 
  i 've been trained in the arts of rulership and i 'm the top monarch in all the kingdoms . 
  you are nothing to me but a poorly bred member of the proletariat . 
  i will banish you from all christendom with the the expediency and haste never before seen on god 's good earth , heed me !, 
  you dare to believe you may espouse what you have ? 
  verily it is not so , ye oedipal knave . 
  as we speak my network of kingsguard is combing the earth in search of your measly self , cleavers in hand , prepared to rend you asunder , so you 'd better ready yourself for oblivion and make peace with your maker , you ghastly worm . 
  the oblivion that will cast you into purgatory fire away from the planes of the living . 
  your soul has little time remaining in the world of the living , youngling !, 
  i can invade any domain at any point during my reign , i can have you executed using of surplus of deadly machinery at my disposal , that 's just what i keep in my current fortifications . 
  not only am i highly adept in the craft of human torture , but i also have all the servants of the crown at my disposal and will utilise these faithful subjects to ensure that you are wiped from the known civilised world , you diminutive piece of faecal expulsion . 
  if only you were in possession of the requisite foresight to comprehend the reign of unimaginable terror you would bring upon yourself , perhaps you would 've held your silence and abstained from your `` drole '' exposition . 
  however you were unable to , and hence failed to do so , now a great toll will be levied upon you . 
  i will excrete wrath into your gullet until it embodies you , and you will suffocate forthwith . 
  you may as well have already expired , insolent youth !, 
  yeah i do n't really understand this . 
  some of family were normans , but i do n't claim i am irrevocable a norman even when i do n't observe norman customs or traditions . 
  so i do n't know why people who stopped being normans are any more appropriate to rejoin the norman community ( were there such a thing ) once they 've stopped being normans , than anyone else . 
  the norman `` race '' was lost in history and this seemed like the normal progression of things . 
  is fhm even porn though ? 
  it 's just suggestive photos of celebs , not ass fever monthly . 
  but it 's nominative plural ? 
  oo edit : oh yeah weak inflection, 
  enough with the feels already, 
  so bad it 's good ... no actually just bad, 
  haha it 's not the `` es '' that 's bothering me it 's the order of the verb and and the pronoun !, 
  do n't worry about it think i 've found some good answers . 
  except the `` wie '' and `` als '' thing , that 's still confusing as hell !, 
  you do n't have to be northern to enjoy manly proper yorkshire tea . 
  i 'm a few hundred miles south of you and i 'm still enjoying it !, 
  give it up pal . 
  this might as well be an episode of myth busters . 
  those myths being : -, 
  uk has higher violent crime for everything but homicides . 
  refuted numerous times , america defines violent crime far differently than the rest of the world , only recording crimes involving physical harm as violent . 
  antisocial behaviour is not defined as violent there . 
  consequently this has been used by some ( gun lobby ) to create a false argument . 
  america 's crime rates are far higher than almost all ( if not all ) european countries , including homicide rates . 
  ( well done on beating columbia though i guess ? ), 
  freedom of press is higher in the usa . 
  again another myth , propagated by hardcore liberals who despise the idea of hate speech laws . 
  in europe you can go for prisons for public saying that you want to kill all muslims/jews/black people and so forth . 
  however this not the measure of a free press ( unless it 's being used politically , which it is n't ) . 
  in the us there exists a higher degree of government intervention regarding what be said in the press , which is why you have very little of a whistle blower culture , and this what constitutes a free press . 
  i love how the matters of he morality of what they were doing together for you comes secondary to the issue of who was the dominant partner . 
  naturally knowing that the us as been cooperating with its allies to spy on its own people is bad , but thinking that the british has some leverage on the us now that 's far worse , amirite !, 
  / facepalm, 
  you are correct . 
  but do you have a source . 
  i 'm sick of repeating this when the myth of uk crime rates being higher gets spouted . 
  is anyone else caught between repulsion and the immediate urge to get started on the cleaning job . 
  personally i do n't think i 'd particularly mind being paid to clean this shit . 
  it sure would be satisfying seeing it turned into a inhabitable space again .
