  am i on the right track ? 
  we do n't have such gang and crime problems though . 
  although council estates tend to be higher crime areas that other areas , very few them could be called dangerous . 
  unpleasant and unfriendly yes , but dangerous no . 
  there are a few inner city ones that might be considered an exception to this , but they 're very much a minority . 
  devvo vs harry enfield ? 
  what about when the person says they want tea , you make them tea , they drink the tea , afterwards they say thanks for the tea . 
  but then two days later they decide that actually they did n't want the day back then , and decide to retroactively withdraw their desire to have had tea ? 
  then it gets confusing . 
  what about when both parties are drunk , mutually decide to have tea together , have tea , then the next morning one party is ashamed of what happened and claims they did n't want tea , and that alcohol made their acceptance of tea invalid . 
  what then ? 
  if consent was really this simply their would n't be these problems . 
  however there are a minority of cases in which its not simply . 
  how do we define the point at which tea acceptance becomes invalid ? 
  if someone accepts tea at the the time but decides it was a bad idea afterwards did they accept tea ? 
  this is why its not simple . 
  the best part ? 
  there 's the same rule in german with liegen and legen . 
  it 's actually a bit easier in german though because in english it 's lie , lay lain vs lay laid laid , whilst in german it 's just liegen , lagen , gelegen ( to lie down ) vs legen , legten , gelegt ( to place something down ) . 
  i would guess the nazi said something like `` also , ich lege neben dieser frau im bett '' . 
  which is doubly fucked up because `` to lay '' is an action so it should be accusative but he means a location so it takes the dative , no self-respecting nazi could make an error like this !, 
  yeah i knew that , but some for some reason by tired beer brain last night thought about the dutch liegen , logen , gelogen instead of the german l\u00fcgen , logen , gelogen ; /, 
  sorry i was getting confused with the dutch liegen , logen , gelogen instead of the german l\u00fcgen , logen , gelogen . 
  sounds to me like he said `` also , ich legt in bett mit dies m\u00e4dchen '' which does n't sound very grammatical to me . 
  i 've never heard of anyone thinking the american accent is more attractive but i guess it must happen . 
  i have noticed that most the germans who do n't sound german speak with an americanish accent , and i think it 's from copying film stars and tv programmes as children . 
  i 'll add that most just simply sound german and you 'd have a hard time categorising it as american or british . 
  also i think the american accent is a bit easier to fake ( maybe for exposure reasons ) , almost all only foreigners i 've heard who 've tried to pick up distinctly british accents sound quite hilarious and affected to british english speakers and soon get put off when it is n't well received . 
  british accents are somewhat of a shibboleth due to all their class , geographical and cultural associations . 
  also it 's not as if the ones who copied american styles could convincing pass for americans , but for some reason a fake american accent with a bit of a foreign twang does n't sound quite as ridiculous as a fake british one to most people from a social-cultural standpoint . 
  amongst the german english students i 've spoken too , many seem to think the standard rp `` posh '' english accent is the more attractive and more proper , which is almost certainly to do with cultural associations more than anything else . 
  although once or twice i 've heard students say they do n't care about british english because `` everyone speaks american '' , despite the fact that english education in europe is dominated by britons . 
  the most funny incidents are people who are outwardly hostile to british english , because they think it 's an entirely different dialect and vastly overestimate the difference between the two ( owing to the fact their english is n't actually good enough to know the difference yet ) . 
  i had one pain in the ass student who would always claim the things i taught were n't true in american english . 
  for example she refused to say `` document '' as `` doc-kyu-ment '' , insisting that in american english it was pronounced `` doc-uh-ments '' . 
  she insisted this every time there was a yod in a word that there was no such thing in american english , and only accepted my point when i asked her to say the word pew ( which then sounded like poo ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure this student still goes around calling things bootyful though , smug in her belief that british english is unnecessarily complicated . 
  edit : i 'll also add i 'll happily teach my students americans english to the best of my ability as a non-american and have no real preference . 
  i always teach the grammatical differences like `` i have got '' vs `` i have gotten '' and `` i already did that '' vs `` i 've already done that '' . 
  also when i know a word is pronounced differently i 'll give them both , make clear which one is is which and tell them to use whichever they find easiest to use , ad-vert-tis-ment vs ad-vert-tise-ment , or ate : et or eight . 
  honestly i 'm just happy when my students can speak some form of english spoken by natives somewhere in the world . 
  drei dollar pro person , zw\u00f6lf dollar ingesamt . 
  this man is probably austrian or swiss i would guess , or at least spent a lot of time there . 
  duden has `` ingesamt '' as of this origin , i do n't think someone who learnt german in a classroom would speak this way . 
  as a non-native speaker i would probably just say `` drei dollar getrennt , zw\u00f6lf dollar zusammen '' . 
  ( yes , i know it 's wrong ), 
  a lot younger than ten nowadays . 
  many parents here are desperately seeking english native au pairs , furthermore if you 're a native english speaker you can easily get a residency visa in germany working in a bilingual kindergarten , which is where everyone with money sends their children . 
  most older speakers did n't start till later and many never lose their very german sounding accent , they want their kids to be able to fit into anglophone society as readily as possible since a huge segment of the business german business is between germany and britain ( which is next door ) and america ( which is vast ) . 
  10 is just way too late , try between 2-4 !, 
  yeah that 's the context i know it from , so i 'm imagining that 's the kind of thing a non-native speaker ( such as myself ) would say . 
  paying for coffee is n't that different from paying for a meal so i 'd just use what i was used to . 
  my point is that he sounds native to me , no need to downvote ... 
  seems to be quite a lot of negativity in this thread . 
  however i 've met people in europe who seem to be doing quite well . 
  if you can get the the top of the field then you can make good money , it 's a tough ride though and takes a lot of time . 
  some of the very experienced teachers i know are probably on # 50,000 a year , because they 're very in demand for lots of things . 
  things like celta training , consultation , course programming for schools , being more than just a teacher but also having teaching industry skills . 
  delta is probably the first step up the ladder . 
  these people still teach but it 's probably only half their job nowadays , also their qualifications and experience mean they can cherry pick the best contracts working with executives at big companies like bmw and so on . 
  really ? 
  interesting , i 've never heard it where i am . 
  i 'll have to listen out for it . 
  well now i 've heard of one at least . 
  most my students seem to think british is the more attractive , i guess due to its history and the literary imagery its associated with , stuff like downton abbey , but some prefer american due to greater media exposure and therefore finding it easier to practise , or due to having a cultural preference . 
  that 's an absolute crock of shit from a linguistic standpoint . 
  sure you 're entitled to your subjective opinion about what `` sounds nicer '' , but there 's absolutely nothing about general american than make it `` even '' `` flowing '' or `` how english is supposed to sound '' . 
  nor is there anything about rp that makes `` trying to be distinguished '' or `` having something stacked on top of it '' . 
  almost all of the opinion on what `` sounds nice '' is on the basis of cultural bias anyway . 
  southern american dialects sound dumber to some people because that 's what they associate with the people who use them , not because they are inherently dumber noises . 
  at best you might be able to find some phonetic features to support `` even '' or `` flowing '' but i 'm sure i could find equally significant phonetic features to support the opposite hypothesis , so all in all your arguments are flawed . 
  edit : wow downvotes , seems the linguistic prescriptivists are out in force today . 
  wow someone 's got their titties in a twist . 
  it 's a well known fact that people are making a mistake when they try to assign a distinct character to the `` sound '' of a language or accent . 
  accents and languages acquire these `` characteristics '' for socio-cultural reasons , and then people make the mistake of ascribing this character to the sounds rather than the associations they make with it . 
  there 's nothing dumb or ill-educated about how aav `` sounds '' , there 's nothing refined or intelligent about how rp `` sounds '' , and there 's nothing quaint or rural about how hiberno-english `` sounds '' , these are all associations people learn and then impose on them . 
  i 'm not bashing his opinion , everyone is entitled to their own preference . 
  i 'm explaining why it 's wrong to say something like `` rp sounds like someone trying to sound distinguished '' , just like it 's wrong to say `` aav sounds ill-educated '' . 
  it 's a basic error of mistaking the socio-cultural associations one has made with the speakers of a certain way of speaking , with the sounds used in that way of speaking . 
  it 's like how not to be a linguistic prescriptivist 101 . 
  the only reason he thinks rp sounds like its trying to `` sound '' distinguished is because it 's been associated with the british upper classes , the only reason anyone thinks a deep southern accent sounds stupid because the idea that people in the south are stupid , or at least stupider than those in the north , has been propagated . 
  this is n't particularly difficult or controversial stuff . 
  the irony is that if we lived in a parallel universe where the two dialects were swapped over , it 's quite possible he 'd prefer the american rp over the british genam for exactly the same reasons he 's claiming right now . 
  actually you 're wrong there , it 's not a mispronunciation in the slightest . 
  `` earnt '' as a spelling is a considered non-standard written form in all types of english . 
  however the pronunciation is considered a standard form in british english , it 's merely that it should n't be written that way . 
  if you had n't noticed words ending in - ed often produce a - t sound when - ed follows certain consonants or consonant clusters . 
  those being - p , k , sh , ch , gh , ss , c , x , f and / \u03b8 / . 
  in british english - n is a sound that ca n't make its mind up , given we have the forms - dreamt and - learnt as standard , should be clear that nasal consonants can swing both ways . 
  all in all strictly speaking writing `` earnt '' is n't official ( although there are plenty of unofficial spellings and do n't know why anyone cares if they 're used ) , but saying it that way is equally correct as pronouncing it with a - d sound . 
  that was fucking amazing . 
  i 'm still going with white walkers and the armies of the dead ... 
  want a medal ? 
  where do you think canada got that particular pronunciation from ... ? 
  can we refrain from comments saying `` what language was that ? '', 
  and `` hilarious '' phonetic transcriptions ? 
  seems we can never have an accent thread without these mildly offensive `` jokes '' . 
  cunt , or should that be cuned ? 
  i know why he 's being downvoted . 
  you have a point about the versprechen thing , bit like saying `` i bespoke no german '' , not the kind of error a native speaker would make , however it 's perfectly possible to for a german to just dang it .
