  obviously if you say it in a certain way it can across bigoted and malicious . 
  however , if you say it as a joke then it does n't typically cause offence . 
  as ever the social and historical context always makes a difference . 
  it 's much worse for a german to repeat stereotypes about jews , for a brit to repeat stereotypes about the irish , for an american to repeat stereotypes about african americans and native americans . 
  anyway , all in all , it 's not like going around calling scots tight in the uk is the norm , but even if the tight scot stereotype is n't a hugely popular one in the uk these days , i 'm sure a large proportion of people would be aware of it . 
  this might sound crazy , but i think she 's mad at him for pulling her onto his side of the fence and onto the grass . 
  that 's liable to fuck up her dress . 
  there are a few rules for help based on orthography but yeh , it 's crazy . 
  yeah . 
  i feel the same . 
  i think a fair bit of the narrative were drawn out to ensure audiences were getting the picture , and this led to slow reveals and gave away what was going on too early . 
  i think what this series lacked was some of the more brutal twists from earlier series , even though there was plenty of opportunity to do so . 
  for example in men against fire if they 'd written it a bit more smart and subtle they could 've made it a harsher twist . 
  i did feel there was transparency to the episodes that best episodes of the previous series lacked . 
  i would n't say any of the episodes really blew me away as much as the some of the earlier ones . 
  all in all if had to say something about the writing , i 'd say slightly too sanctimonious and not quite dystopian enough . 
  i was hoping for a few more brutally tragic episodes in the styles of white bear and white christmas that i just did n't get . 
  i did n't dislike any of the episodes or think they were bad ( whereas i did think the episode `` be right back '' in series 2 was poor ) . 
  all i can hope is that it 's very successful now and they get working on another series straight away . 
  imo that 's why hated in the nation is probably my least favourite of this series though . 
  i really do think the whole artificial bees plot mechanism was a bit cheap , especially when it did n't really fit the setting that well . 
  it did n't really make sense that they 'd be in a such a near future setting and they 'd have artificial bees capable of self replication . 
  i mean obviously self driving cars are more likely to be a thing before such technology . 
  imo the episode gets a pass because it was a decent crime thriller type affair with good acting , but otherwise not the best . 
  you ca n't be serious about shut up and dance being positive . 
  it 's definitely up there with the most depressing . 
  if you think him being blackmailed into murdering some guy is justice then you 're kind of the fucked up modern person the episode is satirising . 
  obviously you feel fucked up for sympathising with kenny , but at the same time it does n't make what was done to him any less fucked . 
  then you 've also got jerome flynn 's character , who obviously feel sorry for , unless you 're some kind of heartless sanctimonious moralist . 
  fifteen million credits is widely thought to be one of the better episodes . 
  waldo moment always got a bit of a mixed review . 
  personally do n't know how you can consider of those to be worse than be right back though , which was just bad . 
  my ranking is, 
  white christmas - best episode , multiple strong concepts and twists, 
  white bear - great episode , best twist , can only really watch it once sadly, 
  entire history of you - best episode from a sci-fi pov , very realistic and feasible, 
  15m merits - amazing from a emotional perspective , characters really get you involved despite the setting being somewhat unrealistic, 
  shut up and dance - really clever episode imo , have to watch it twice to get the whole thing, 
  men against fire - really good concept , somewhat laboured delivery making it predictable but still solid, 
  san junipero - very clever , good exploration of concept , just quite slow to really get interesting, 
  play test - explores good themes about the implications of virtual reality , clever ending , but characters are n't strong, 
  national anthem - solid episode but very anglocentric so i would n't be surprised if non-britons did n't rate it , still a good exploration of a theme, 
  nosedive - again solid exploration of a theme , however too drawn out and an overly saccharine ending, 
  hated in the nation - personally think this one was real deus-ex machina stuff sadly , somewhat redeemed by good acting and a solid crime narrative , as a piece of television this one should probably be higher but as a black mirror episode i do n't think it deserves it . 
  waldo moment - ok this one requires some suspension of disbelief , but it 's quite fun and cynical and the main character is quite good, 
  be right back - just not a good episode in my opinion , when it comes to sci-fi realism it makes no sense , and there 's nothing that redeeming about it . 
  ultimately the only episode that i did n't really enjoy was be right back . 
  i think there definitely needs to be another series asap . 
  i do n't think any of these episode were as good as the best of the previous 2 series , but i think they all were all better than be right back , and most better than waldo moment . 
  each episode had something good about it even if none were as crazy as the best of the earlier series . 
  nosedive - very good social commentary , especially given what china are doing , but an overly preachy and saccharine ending and somewhat drawn out, 
  playtest - interesting concept , clever ending , somewhat weak characters and performances . 
  shut up and dance - i think this one was actually the strongest and the most similar to the better earlier episodes in style . 
  i think the only thing that let it down for some was that it was n't that sci-fi . 
  san junipero - totally new direction for black mirror , but actually very good although you might spend the first 20 minute wondering why you 're watching, 
  man against fire - good episode , but really overly laboured and thus made too predictable . 
  hated in the nation - solid performance , good thriller , bad sci fi though . 
  deus ex machina with the plot device there . 
  still you got a good range , social commentary with nosedive , horror with playtest , thriller with shut up and dance , romance with san junipero , action with man against fire , and crime thriller with hated in the nation . 
  i 'd give series 3 a solid b across the board , with consistent performance . 
  there 's no episodes so good that you 'll blow you mind but none that are so bad it 'll make you wonder why you 're watching it . 
  well if we 're going to do the ranking thing here 's mine . 
  white christmas - best episode , multiple strong concepts and twists, 
  white bear - great episode , best twist , can only really watch it once sadly, 
  entire history of you - best episode from a sci-fi pov , very realistic and feasible, 
  15m merits - amazing from a emotional perspective , characters really get you involved despite the setting being somewhat unrealistic, 
  shut up and dance - really clever episode imo , have to watch it twice to get the whole thing, 
  men against fire - really good concept , somewhat laboured delivery making it predictable but still solid, 
  san junipero - very clever , good exploration of concept , just quite slow to really get interesting, 
  play test - explores good themes about the implications of virtual reality , clever ending , but characters are n't strong, 
  national anthem - solid episode but very anglocentric so i would n't be surprised if non-britons did n't rate it , still a good exploration of a theme, 
  nosedive - again solid exploration of a theme , however too drawn out and an overly saccharine ending, 
  hated in the nation - personally think this one was real deus-ex machina stuff sadly , somewhat redeemed by good acting and a solid crime narrative , as a piece of television this one should probably be higher but as a black mirror episode i do n't think it deserves it . 
  waldo moment - ok this one requires some suspension of disbelief , but it 's quite fun and cynical and the main character is quite good, 
  be right back - just not a good episode in my opinion , when it comes to sci-fi realism it makes no sense , and there 's nothing that redeeming about it . 
  i do n't think you have to be a moral arbiter to realise that seeing two online paedophiles fight to the death is not a positive note . 
  do n't be so ridiculously black and white . 
  my point was n't that no outsider can ever gain enough knowledge of a place or culture such that they are entitled to hold opinions in a similar way to a local , or speak with some authority about what it 's like there . 
  my point was that having extended family there or heritage there does n't make a jot of difference . 
  just because your nan grew up in county cork does n't give you real insight into ireland , even if she regaled you with stories as a kid . 
  moreover , a couple of holidays in a place is n't going to give you a good idea idea of what people do or do n't know or think in a country . 
  when people add information like, 
   as an american with scottish extended family and who has been to scotland twice, 
  it does make them look like they think that actually makes a difference . 
  while it might be unusual for most americans to have visited scotland twice , it 's really not in the grand scheme of things , and thinking it does does make you look like that american who thinks his heritage or a couple of holidays makes him an expert on a culture . 
  why are these dim women allowed to talk ( or rather shout ) on us tv ? 
  seems to me we 're getting to the stage where being opinionated and loud qualifies you better as a pundit that really having anything interesting to say, 
  it 's a scam . 
  do n't give them anything . 
  i got caught by it once and same as you just gave her whatever small change i had , she started pointing to the other donations ( which were clearly fake btw ) , none of which were under $ 20 , and small small print that said minimum donation $ 10 . 
  i just laughed and walked away why she did some kind of fake deaf spaz out . 
  not just in germany , happens all over europe , but it 's more common in places like germany , france , spain and italy , tends to target tourist couples . 
  usually it 's quite a soft scam though , there 's no real obligation . 
  if you take the rose they 'll stick their hands out for money , if you try to give it back they 'll refuse and look insulted , however if you just lay the rose down on the floor or a table and walk away there 's nothing they can do , and will usually pick up the rose and go onto the next one . 
  much like the deaf school scam it relies on social pressure . 
  just as people do n't want to look like that guy who just refused money to a deaf women in front of their friends/family , or the guy who is arguing with a deaf woman in the street about money , nor do people want to look like the guy who values 5 euros more than a flower for his girlfriend / wife , or the guy who is trying to barter when it comes to getting something for his girlfriend/wife . 
  if you 're on holiday with your girlfriend and the guy comes with the rose and you take it then you 've already lost most the time , because nobody wants to look cheap in that situation , nor do they want to put a downer on the holiday/honeymoon by having an argument with that guy . 
  that 's how they make their money , but in this situation they 'll demand at least $ 5-10 for the rose and you 'll probably pay it , because you 're on holiday , you 're already committed the romantic gesture , and it 'll make you look bad if you do n't . 
  honestly if you just ask the rose guys how much and barter with them a bit , assuming you can communicate , they 'll usually let you have a rose for like 2 euros . 
  the roses are generally the ones that flower markets are going to throw out at the end of the day unless someone buys them , so get them for like 20 cents each , they always like droopy and irregular .
