  that shit is lethal fyi . 
  very easy to od on and hard to measure safely , would not recommend . 
  still if germany actually wanted a serious military it could easily have one on par with the uk and france . 
  it has a very big arms manufacturing industry and lots of high technology , in many ways it is less dependent on other countries than india is . 
  furthermore aircraft carriers are a very poor indication of power . 
  honestly i do n't see it as a problem , i would quite like a federalised system provided each country state was given a high degree of autonomy . 
  federalisation makes sense from an economic perspective . 
  having a political but not an economic union is the reasons we 've had such trouble in the eurozone . 
  i think we should be a looser federation than the us even , retaining independent militaries and so forth . 
  i disagree . 
  the eu already has the ability to make laws , federalisation does n't necessary mean loss of autonomy . 
  not sure what you mean by neck to neck ? 
  germany 3.73 trillion , france 2.80 trillion , uk 2.67 trillion . 
  the creation of a european nationality with a single passport to start. , the birth of a european national identity . 
  yes it would give the eu parliament power to directly impact regional policy , but they 're already doing that in many ways . 
  at least it would stop nations like greece for getting themselves into financial messes which is important if the eu wants to succeed . 
  i would support partially independent militaries if anything , each nation state taking responsibility for it 's own spending but also coordinating more closely being standardised in many ways . 
  simply having an eu military seems a bit too far , but i think closer collaboration is a good thing . 
  it would in some ways yes , however i do n't see how it would affect anything that matters to individuals on a local scale , states would still be responsible for their own health and education system , a federal government is meant to take a hands off approach , just step in on issues where it really matters to the whole union . 
  i do n't see how we can be in a union with greece when they make such poor fiscal policy . 
  it does n't really matter if one country is run as laissez faire capitalist democracy ( within reason ) and another is run as a highly socialised democracy ( within reason ) , all that matters is that the piper is paid , but ultimately it think the eu should have the power to step in if harmful decisions are being made . 
  oh right , sorry yeah was confused by the `` neck to neck '', 
  do n't know why you 'd have more faith in regional governments than the eu , seems they 're both shit , but a united europe gives more hope for the future of european nations generally what with being able to exert a much greater amount of global influence united than apart . 
  otherwise i fear we 'll just be used as america 's and china 's political pawns . 
  that 's nearly a quarter of a tonne . 
  i 'd love to see a sign that says `` do not use if you weigh more than a 1/4 tonne '', 
  the real sas is the `` hugeness that is america '' bit . 
  because all other countries are micro-nations right ? 
  anyway i 'm sure there really are some really good bakeries in the us . 
  i 'm sure you could find a world class burger in spain . 
  i 'm sure you could find an amazing sunday roast in china somewhere . 
  it 's a dumb thing to point out . 
  in most countries this would n't get you a year in prison . 
  seems excessive to me . 
  he 's already going to get a criminal record and costs out his ass . 
  this is just a very run of the mill assault . 
  why should he do extra because it 's gone viral , when we watched that mother attack that drunk lady people were n't baying for her blood , and she 's equally as guilty as this guy . 
  i love all the people assuming the cruise ship was n't following all the correct procedures , or making wild guesses about what should be done in a situation like this . 
  i 'm pretty sure the staff that were aware of this were throwing life vests and floatation devices into the water both before and after he fell . 
  just because a random woman was yelling `` throw it over '' does n't mean that had n't already happened , likewise just because you did n't see anything being thrown does n't mean a lot was n't thrown after he 'd fallen . 
  people saying that the ship should have been reversing or stopped . 
  i mean clearly a ship that size can just stop right ? 
  obviously not . 
  furthermore the engine would 've had to have been properly managed to minimise the chance that he 'd be sucked into the engine or dragged under . 
  fact is this guy was both injured and drunk , he may well have been a weak swimmer we have no idea , furthermore it was night , so since he has n't been found at this point we can be reasonably certain he 's dead . 
  he might have become unconscious soon as he landed in the water due to being dragged under or hit against the side of the ship . 
  if he were going to be rescued it would 've been shortly after the ship had started searching which would 've been only a few minutes after this happened , in all likelihood this guy was already dead by the time the search crew got to the general area in which he fell . 
  no i did n't say that you do n't work . 
  however , my impression of parents who use `` putting food on the table '' as the criteria for whether their children deserve to be treated adults is that they tend to be uneducated and working class , imbuing their children with the notion that ones only worth comes from their ability to earn a living . 
  just seems typically draconian and old fashioned to me frankly . 
  i 've known many parents who thought similarly and typically they did not command the respect of their children . 
  so often i 've seen conservative parents turn their kids into bastards by having a my house my rules mentality , and such kids often go off the rails the moment they 've finally achieve the almighty achievement of financial independence . 
  pretty sure that 's nothing to do with british accents there chap . 
  say `` at least i can say ... '' quickly without trying to enunciate , you 'll find that you also you a schwa sound . 
  the - a vowel in a cockney accent is typically pronounced like the - e of `` bed '' . 
  no you are the one spouting the popular fallacy i 'm afraid . 
  singing does remove the markers that let people determine which accent someone has in their spoken voice , this is because the act of singing is vocally quite a different thing from speaking . 
  singers who do retain their accents have developed a particular style in order to achieve this , and it actually requires overcompensation on their behalf . 
  that does n't make any sense . 
  singers do sing with diphthongs , if you 've ever sung in another language using phonetic script then you 'd be aware that learning diphthongs that do n't exist in your language is a big part of it . 
  singing does remove accents , but not because it removes diphthongs , but because singing is vocally a different thing from speaking . 
  when someone is singing they are essentially doing an approximation of a spoken voice while trying to make a clean melodious sound . 
  we stop being aware of the precise positioning of vowels because we do n't know if that 's product of the person 's natural voice or a by product of the fact they are singing . 
  for example if you said `` you have a nice cet '' in spoken english it would stand out a mile , however if you sang the same sentence nobody would really notice you were saying cet and not cat , because the fact that the vowel is a bit more closed than normal is n't so obvious . 
  ultimately we are far more sensitive to variations in pronunciation when speaking because we evolved to be so . 
  there are many opera singers that sing in italian and german perfectly to a german and italian audiences , yet when interviewed in that language their foreign accent is noticeable . 
  ok , and i 'll reference the illustrious david crystal , obe , professor of linguistics at the university college london saying [ otherwise ] ( http://www.todayifoundout.com/index.php/2013/08/why-british-singers-lose-their-accent-when-singing/ ) . 
  fact is that a small number of singers do try to sound american but most do n't , and that does n't explain the tendency of people to assume someone is singing their own accent when they hear them regardless of the fact that the person 's real spoken accent is completely different . 
  singers sound more neutral when they sing simply as a product of the mechanics of singing versus the mechanics of speaking . 
  take for example the word `` pot '' , the difference between the american and british pronunciation is n't that the vowel here is positioned particularly differently but whether the lips are rounded when you make it . 
  britons round the sound while americans do not . 
  however when singing how open you make a sound will depend partially on the pitch and volume of the note , which can easily change it 's position as well as make a rounded sound less obviously so . 
  if we take a singer singing a song we 'll find that they position vowels differently multiple times throughout a song depending on where that word is positioned in the melody . 
  90 % of accents is vowels , since the variation in accents is mostly in the vowels ( and diphthongs ) and not in the pronunciation of consonants . 
  another factor is that word stress patterns in singing depends on the written music and not the accent of the singer . 
  you 're totally missing the point here . 
  i 'm not denying that some singers do n't copy american pronunciations . 
  what you 're missing is that singers do sound more neutral when singing . 
  this is why americans often assume that singers like the beatles and oasis are singing with american accents when they 're identifiably not . 
  it 's also why foreign opera singers can sing perfectly in languages and convince local audiences that they are native however as soon as they speak it 's obvious they have a foreign accent . 
  there is no such thing as a neutral accent obviously , what i 'm saying does n't depend on one existing . 
  what this is is a tendency for people to stop paying attention to way vowels are produced because vowels are produced differently when singing . 
   this is true , as a general observation , and there two reasons for it . 
  the first is phonetic . 
  several of the main identifying features of a regional accent tend to disappear when singing - the intonation ( obviously , as a melody replaces it ) , the speech rhythm , and vowel length ( for many syllables are elongated ) . 
  vowel quality is also often affected , especially in classical singing , where vowels are articulated with greater openness than in everyday speech . 
  this is what i am drawing your attention to and this what , plain as day , is the effect that results in many people thinking someone is singing their own accent . 
  i 'm not denying that is possible to retain an accent in a singing voice but to do this in a distinct unmistakable way actually requires a concious effort on their behalf . 
  english singers do round the - o vowel when singing , however in order to make that sound noticeable to say an american they have to round it a lot more when singing before it sounds distinctly british . 
  we are simply less sensitive to the minutiae of vowel pronunciation when hearing sung voices compared to spoken ones . 
  when i say pot it 's rounded , when i sing pot naturally , as i would if i were singing some ordinary song it 's much less noticeably rounded , however if i were singing gilbert and sullivan i would round my lips much more deliberately than i ever would when speaking as i was trained to do in order to compensate for the act of singing 's natural tendency to erode these features . 
  seriously you ca n't claim such a phenomena does n't exist when you 've just linked me to perhaps the world 's most well known linguist 's blog saying exactly that . 
  you are entitled to disagree if you want , but you ca n't deny what crystal has said about there being a phonetic component to why accents are less noticeable when sung than when spoken . 
  consequently , such a notion is not `` popular fallacy '' even if it 's something you agree with , rather a theory with some very heavyweight support given to it by at least some professional linguists . 
  personally , i do n't buy that singers changing their pronunciation because of market demands , wanting to break america , or following a style is all that is happening . 
  the number of times i 've been told by americans that they thought a performer was american when to me that singer sounds perfectly british . 
  the notion that all these singers must be deliberately changing their accent is simply insufficient to explain that , as well as the phenomena with opera singers passing as natives but only when singing . 
  seems to me patently clear that there is more going on here than merely the americanisation of certain popular genres . 
  two cherry picked examples of untrained voices is n't going to change that belief . 
  to me , it seems natural that accents would be more distinct with a congregation singing simply because people who do n't sing tend to `` speaksing '' anyway .
