  what 's the big deal . 
  sounds like your outrage at plastic paddies claiming citizenship just to stay as eu citizens is purely based in pride , and has no basis in material loss . 
  for a country that 's been losing talent for years i really do n't think it 's wise to just cut willing potential citizens off just because they choose not to live and work in ireland . 
  sprich ja d\u00fctsch alter !, 
  i wonder why that is . 
  seems just as confusing to me . 
  especially given the participle of `` liegen '' is gelegen , which literally contains `` legen '' , of which the participle form is gelegt . 
  me when my american friends make fun of my british accent . 
   it 's harmful in that our nations citizenship is being cheapened by it being handed out to confetti to people who are only obtaining it for a back up or to hold on to an eu passport . 
  how is that harmful ? 
  you say it 's being cheapened but how ? 
  because not everyone who has one will use it ? 
  i do n't see the harm , the only harm is that it might not be as meaningful to say `` i have irish citizenship '' , but that 's just a pride thing . 
  in reality you lose nothing and if nothing gain revenue from people paying the fees you need to register . 
   a british person trying to lecture me on irish citizenship . 
  you may view irish citizenship as nothing more than a piece of paper and access to a travel document . 
  i do n't . 
  i personally would n't care if everyone in ireland had access to a british passport , nor would i care if anyone in norway could get one , i 'm just trying to see your point of view . 
  i mean that 's kind of what the eu is , giving everyone within it something close to the rights a citizen in each member state is only really one step short of giving everyone a passport to each eu nation or creating a single eu wide passport . 
  as i would n't care the other way around i 'm just trying to see your point of view . 
  i 'm not remotely bothered by the notion that there are people who take british citizenship but do n't actually engage with the british culture or contribute within the nation . 
  i 'm totally indifferent to it . 
   are you under the impression that this is a money making exercise ? 
  it 's not . 
  do you think embassies , passport offices , passports , staff etc do n't cost money ? 
  should probably up the prices then and make a tidy profit . 
  you either have to be a famous youtuber or just a total no lifer in my experience . 
  gaming organisations that can take things so seriously really wo n't let you get involved otherwise . 
  it 's usually a matter of being a trial and then proving your worth by being online 90 % of the time and ready to play at a moment 's notice . 
  even before becoming a trial you will probably need to have at least a few hundred hours practice with lesser organisations and more casual groups , because without this experience and knowledge of the game they wo n't take you seriously . 
  then during your trial period expect to be disrespected and shouted at by the more experienced players , expect to be passed over for groups in favour of players the people in charge like more ( even if these players do n't play as often as you ) , expect to sit on ventrillo for hours waiting for someone to have to go offline so you can jump in as a replacement ( only for the night 's gaming to end an hour later ) , and expect to be assigned all the crappiest roles that nobody else wants to do . 
  after a few weeks/months of doing that , all the while slowly becoming friendlier with the group at the same time , they will eventually see that you 're a dedicated player and useful resource to the group , and hopefully be accepted into the inner circle of full members . 
  that , of course , is only if you manage to avoid the pitfalls of being sucked into drama or making enemies that hold more sway over the leadership than you , in which case you 'll end up being a 2nd class member regardless of what you do . 
  this is certainly what playing in a competitive wow guild was like , if you could n't make at least 5 raids a week as a trial then you would n't be seen as anything but a backup raider by most high end guilds , and when you were a new member , it would 've been wise to do all the alt raids and farm raids that went on at weekends and outside of official raid hours just to ingratiate yourself better with the group . 
  the irony being that the stars of the guild could get away with only turning up for progress bosses and raiding 3/4 nights a week because their places were guaranteed by virtue of their superior gear and experience , and their relationship with the people making the decisions . 
  yes , we did have some amazing fun on vent like these guys are having , we had tonnes of in-jokes and moments where the 25 + people would be pissing themselves laughing at something that had happened , but we were only able to get this relationship going because we were a group of about 50 people who spent 80 % of the their free time playing the game and sitting in the same god damn vent channel . 
  for all the laughs and great moments there were a bunch of times when you 're sitting there and literally ca n't even be bothered to speak in anything more than a monotonous drone because everything you 're doing is so routine , chorelike , and frustrating . 
  not to mention the drama when people who basically play the game as a job get slighted by something and it turns into a big thing and someone flounces out of the organisation or turns the atmosphere sour with thinly veiled resentment . 
   i have explained it numerous times now and instead of answering any of the pretty straightforward questions , you 've repeatedly ignored them and asked me more questions . 
  you 've explained what you think and i 've asked further questions based on what i think . 
  i get it , you think giving people with no intention of participating in irish culture and only a tentative connection to ireland the citizenship cheapen the idea of it , insisting that the citizenship should mean being a part of that society and contributing towards it . 
  however , i see no material loss to ireland in doing it , these people are n't costing ireland any resources or making it weaker in any sense . 
  i see no tangible loss in the real sense , just an emotional argument based on what you think citizenship * should * mean . 
   but there are are n't people obtaining british citizenship through descent purely to obtain an eu passport as your laws do n't allow it . 
  if you 're from the commonwealth and have a british born grandparent you can avail of an ancestry visa , live in the uk for five years , gain pr and eventually citizenship . 
  i would have no quarrel with ireland adopting similar as those of irish descent would then be part of modern irish society when applying for naturalised citizenship . 
  i would welcome the idea of giving commonwealth citizens better access to british passports if they want them , especially if they can show they have british relatives . 
  i 'd welcome an irish style system for all people with british heritage . 
   again , what 's the point of citizenship , if not that ? 
  i personally do n't see much point to it at all frankly , seems like an arbitrary distinction between like peoples based on historical happenstance and linguistic groups . 
  this is why i support the eu wholeheartedly , because it was working on breaking down these archaic barriers . 
   do you see citizenship as a mere access to travel documents of convenience and no more ? 
  pretty much , yeah i do . 
  i mean at the same time i 'm a pragmatist , i realise that we ca n't just give citizenship to a billion indians without causing havoc for both the uk and india , but i 'm comfortable with anyone from a country of equivalent development being able to come over to the uk and start being british if they so wish , and i think a long term goal for the future would be a world without national barriers . 
   it 's not the money . 
  i know it 's not about money , my point was that if ireland charged everyone $ 1000 for the process , since these people do n't actually cost ireland any money since they do n't live there , doing so would actually be a net gain for ireland economically . 
  i guess germans are more familiar with being aware if something is transitive and intransitive , using a different auxiliary verb to form the perfect in each case could also be a factor that keeps these concepts more clearly distinct amongst german speakers . 
  new money always cries !, 
  nothing says cultured like an excess of reheated sugar and fat with a high chance of bacterial contamination , most of which will get poured down the drain at the end the night once the novelty wears off . 
  there 's just something to suave about dipping excessively sweet low quality crap like marshmallows into poorly made , watered down chocolate , only to have to stuff the whole god damn thing in your mouth to stop it dripping all over the table cloth or your best suit . 
  chocolate fountains are for sweet 16 parties , teenage weddings , and people with no class . 
  [ i mean who would n't want to eat this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7uo6aozdt0q ) / rant, 
  that 's just the way all serious gaming organisation are , regardless of the game . 
  some are better than others of course , some have fairer less despotic leaderships who wo n't pick friends over more active players they do n't know so well , some have nicer people that keep the atmosphere positive and friendly for a larger percentage of the time , but none of these organisations are entirely drama free or 100 % fair all of the time . 
  also different games have different expectations of what an `` active player '' is . 
  if you were in a fps playing 18 hours a week might be considered hardcore , whereas in eve online you might be expected to be online virtually all day every day to be truly hardcore . 
  ultimately , the purpose of these organisations is to facilitate playing the game at its most serious competitive level . 
  consequently your value within the group is based on how well you are perceived to contribute towards achieving this goal . 
  the only real way to make people perceive you this way is by being online often and always ready to play . 
  most have minimum participation expectations , and when you 're new to the group doing the minimum wo n't impress anyone . 
  almost everyone who played seemed to be either a self-employed techie loner , a teenager with no real life friends or with real life friends but ones that would rather socialise in game ( e.g their parents do n't let them out on weeknights but did n't mind them sitting in front of their computer for 6 hours a night ) , a stay at home mum with nothing to do , or simply someone who is unemployed and living on benefits / with parents . 
  it 's only really a small segment of the world 's population that has both the ability and the desire to play a video game so many hours a week , and i think it 's fair to say that even for these people it 's often just a phase in their life rather than a long term lifestyle commitment . 
  you 'll also find tonnes of people that are in the military and stuff and just want escapism because they hate their shitty posting but do n't any choice about it . 
  almost everyone i knew back then has moved on with their lives , including myself , and the few that are still going i suspect have ulterior reasons for it e.g disability , social anxiety , mental health problems , chronic depression and so on . 
  did n't know they existed but it sounds awful, 
  panned *, 
  you 're right about it being a time and effort for social inclusion exchange . 
  it 's almost cult like that regard . 
  the more work you put in the more reward , in the form of social inclusion , you get . 
  i do n't think is necessarily enforced by the formal hierarchy of the organisation , although it can certain be encouraged by that . 
  it 's pretty much something we do naturally ourselves that is simply amplified or laid bear by the online interaction medium . 
  we naturally give our time and attention to people that we think we provide us support and give us assistance in the future . 
  playing a game the ultimate goal is made clearer and so becomes people 's apparent utility . 
  since we 're literally talking about citizenship , i felt it necessary to be clear . 
  gay , lesbian , and bisexual are all fall into a similar category . 
  trans is obviously a different thing that falls into it 's own category . 
  acting as if being trans is simply the same as being gay is reductive and wrong . 
  one is sexuality , one is changing your gender , while often having a sexuality component it does n't actually define it . 
  obviously people have differing opinions towards these two different things . 
  i have nothing against trans people fyi , but you ca n't deny that there 's a difference between being gay and a being transgender . 
  does n't seem fair . 
  people from ni are also from ireland/irish . 
  stop trying to control language . 
  republic of ireland is the damn official name of the country , you ca n't complain about its use . 
  no , i 'm sorry i do n't . 
  all i know was that the whole thing was a bit of a scam , people were self-funding themselves to go out there on the promise of `` free training '' , while you had to pay your own transport , accommodation , etc. 
  mostly under the impression that there was a high chance of a job at the end of it , then they were only taking a few teachers from the group and probably profiting off offering accommodation options to the rest . 
  the training of course was worth very little outside of the organisation , because it 's not an accredited course in any sense or form . 
  poblacht na h\u00c9ireann and republic or ireland are also official names of the country . 
  stop politicising words .
