  i do n't know if anyone else has experienced this , but when you socialise with people over voip programs who you do n't know in real life people turn into huge dickheads for the most part . 
  there 's something weird about being able to see and hear someone but not physically being present with them or knowing their real life identity . 
  it 's different from the anonymity of text based discussion . 
  while text based interaction turns us into monsters , who will lie to , mock , and straight up lay into each other in a harsh way , and expose secrets we 'd never tell even our close friends all at the same time , with total disregard for what anyone may think of us , socialising with strangers on voip brings a totally different dynamic . 
  imo it 's best compared to being returned to a 14 year old level to social discourse , people become hyper self conscious while simultaneously totally willing to shit all over someone if they think it will raise their popularity with the group . 
  if someone writes something stupid or nasty on reddit and they get twenty replies calling them all the bad things under the sun it probably does n't affect them whatsoever . 
  however , if you 're chatting with 6 people on skype and 5 of them turn against you then obviously they have a great deal more opportunity to upset you , especially since they have information about you like what you look and sound like . 
  ime it turns people into these `` too cool for school '' type idiots , who rarely express any enthusiasm for anything , and try to maintain a hipsterish aloof attitude to everything , because it 's easier than risking the mockery of the social group . 
  people still use the barrier of the computer to act like shitheads in this environment but it 's done differently because the reaction of others to what you do matters way more than in a text environment . 
  the result is lots of playground level bullying , lots of pretending to be super cool and unfazed by anything , and lots of people trying to be edgy , motivated by a desire to seem not to care what strangers on the voip platform think ( when really they obviously care a lot ) . 
  the ali g of the north, 
  whatever you say chap . 
  i guess you 're one of those idiots whose speech is littered with americanisms who everyone thinks is a bit of a tit . 
  i bet you even say cidy and pardy for city and party and sound like a washed up 1980s radio 1 dj desperately trying to keep in with the kids ... 
  what do you mean ? 
  sounds totally different from his speaking accent and pretty close to freddies imo . 
  that 's highly offensive . 
  shepherd 's pie is made with mince ** lamb ** . 
  if you make it with beef it 's fucking cottage pie . 
  fuck those godless yankie heathens and their lambless ways for spreading around their inferior meat substitutions . 
  why is it that so many of the world 's best chefs come from britain , many of them specialising in traditional british food , yet everyone thinks our food sucks . 
  what 's really happens is that the fucking colonists stole all our best food and no longer associate that shit with britain any more . 
  stealing national dishes is as american as apple pie . 
  they also call overcooked steak `` anglais '' :( (, 
  `` crisis '' , horse meat is delicious , but it 's not our fault if some crooks sneak some horse into the meat . 
  at least we eat a wider variety of meat than bloody chicken , beef and pork . 
  lamb is delicious , the yanks just do n't eat it because their beef industry crushed the industry to sell more steak . 
  to be fair , weed did teach me to convert between metric and imperial . 
  teenth = 1.7 g, 
  eighth = 3.5 g, 
  quarter = 7g, 
  half = 14g, 
  oz = 28g, 
  weed prices were always in imperial when i was a lad , even though they were weighed out on metric scales . 
  these days it 's more confused because very few people still sell 3.5 g for 20 quid ime . 
  i 've noticed more people just asking for a 20 or a 40 because 20 quid is more likely to get your something between 2-3g these days depending on how stingy your dealer is . 
  all other drugs came in metric , although you could say eight ball for 3.5 grams of coke . 
  i think the imperial units for weed stuck around in the uk because of all the great names we had for the different imperial measures . 
  teenth is slang for sixteenth i.e 1/16 oz, 
  given your aversive behaviour i 'm going to go out on a limb here and say that you 're gay ... 
  pretty amazing . 
  does n't surprise me though . 
  kid 's centre of gravity makes them very good at flips and spins and stuff . 
  you can see this in skateboarding where a bunch of 10 years can do 900s , but stop being able to do them when they 're full grown . 
  [ this 12 year old kid even did a 1080 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbjzzhugtng ), 
  [ and here 's a tiny kid landing a 900 in a bowl at a level of air no adult body could ever manage ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ye5ytbqvnvi ), 
  i suppose that 's why it 's served in michelin starred restaurants around the world ? 
  k m8 . 
  i 'm not saying it 's impossible for people to pull 900s in bowls , action sports are always pushing the limits , but i think an adult body would need a lot more energy and airtime to pull off the same trick , and that 's just physics . 
  europeans eat a lot of lamb though , so you are from a culture that eats a lot of lamb/sheep . 
  you 've been eating cottage pie you 're whole life i 'm afraid . 
  you 've really got to ask yourself why a beef based dish would be named shepherd 's . 
  you do n't know what you 're talking about frankly , the vast majority of the time the nhs provides great service remarkably quickly , occasionally there is problems seeing specialists or whatever , it 's not perfect , but for the most it works amazingly well . 
  the us has all the same problems , but that 's usually a product of people having inadequate insurance , so rather than blame the system , people blame the individual . 
  if the us medical system set the bar as high as the nhs , giving everyone free on demand healthcare , it would be suffering exactly the same problems with occasional wait times and difficulties getting people in care . 
  i 'll also add that private insurance is available in the uk , and if you want to pay for additional care so you get a luxury service with a private room , immediate access to specialists and stuff you can get it , and probably cheaper than in the us . 
  if you watch the bloody video you can see the utmost professionalism of these people . 
  all provided free on demand and paid for through taxes , it 's miraculous frankly , and you 're a dick for trying to undermine it . 
  this is why in many cultures one twin would be killed at birth . 
  other cultures forbade twins from holding political power because they were considered dangerous and sinister . 
  so edgy, 
  / r/applecirclejerk, 
  my job is n't being a hipster so i need a pc . 
  in my opinion this was some dumb shit . 
  sure , the girl is a disrespectful idiot , boasting about her jewellery and whatnot , but the judge clearly overreacted to her saying `` adi\u00f3s '' . 
  imo the reason he reacted is because he 's obviously from a hispanic background . 
  throwing in a spanish word to someone who who speaks at a native level just because you can tell their background could be considered a slight . 
  it could be interpreted as a subtle signal saying `` i know you 're also hispanic '' . 
  had it been a judge from a different ethnicity i reckon they would 've brushed it off as unworthy of being made a big deal of . 
  the judge had a kneejerk reaction , maybe because he felt that she would n't have said adi\u00f3s had the judge been ethnically northern european like the majority of judges , she was pointing out his ethnicity which could be sore spot for a hispanic judge with an obvious accent who 's probably had to fight discrimination his whole life to achieve the position of authority that he holds . 
  her swearing afterwards was stupid , and naturally once she did that she obviously puts herself in the wrong . 
  however , i must say that i think the judge was being a dick by raising her bail simply because of a flippant `` adi\u00f3s '' . 
  while respect is important in the court room , and if someone starts being abusive they should definitely be punished , expecting everyone to be utterly respectful and sombre in their tone is missing the point that a large number of people that end up on criminal charges are simply idiots , and you ca n't just start giving out punishments like higher bails simply because someone is too stupid to understand the gravity of the situation or adopt the proper tone . 
  imo better that than the kind of closed environment apple is trying to push . 
  i can do reg edits to stop forced updates and restarts , however i ca n't make an apple run certain software that is n't compatible with it , i ca n't swap in new hardware whenever i feel like and customise to the same extent , i ca n't easily partition my hd and run multiple os 's . 
  with an apple you ca n't ever really cut your dependency from apple the company , i do n't want my hardware and os made by the same company frankly , it 's restrictive and increases how much rely on them . 
  if i 'm going to dump a bunch of money into a computer i 'd buy a high end pc and not bloody apple . 
  maybe , instead of being a douchey apple fanboi calling people who dislike apple poor , you should just except that their different things that suit different people better . 
  ime the biggest apple fans are people who do n't have much interest in computers at all , the kind of people who shit themselves when they see an error message and just stick to the predictable shit . 
  it would be a complete waste of money for me to buy an apple when i can get twice as much out of a pc at half the cost , but i 'm not a dick about it and accept apple suits some people . 
  ergh i ca n't even be bothered arguing with someone as evangelical as you about it . 
  just know everyone thinks you an asshat . 
  she sounds pretty normal british to me to all the people saying her british accent is n't normal . 
  now stuart varney the fox news idiot , here 's a perfect example of a fucky british accent that 's been altered by years of living in the us , half the time he sounds like he 's breaking into australian oddly enough . 
  so this is some sarky cunt comment ? 
  itt : comments about accents , because omg i 've never heard a scottish accent before right ? 
  it was 3/5 when i wrote that , but it 's still dumb . 
  lol grow up . 
  seems like the man in the street in buckinghamshire , in the vast majority of the jobs i 've worked in the uk the majority of people spoke as she does . 
  why would there be glottal-t 's and l-vocalisation , that 's very london specific . 
  i used to work with lots of very middle class people in middle england and the home counties and they all sounded just like her . 
  frankly , she does n't even sound that posh to me , just dead middle class . 
  you 're crazy . 
  any airport where you have a 10 hour layover is going to suck . 
  frankfurt has great train connections , the option to check your luggage at the station for many airlines . 
  for it 's size it does a good job of getting you around . 
  if you think it 's a really bad airport you ca n't have seen many airports . 
  that the hardest part is telling your parents you 're gay ... 
  seriously though , rollerblading is a hobby that 's basically been bullied out of existence through mockery and bad image management . 
  i see every hipster in my city with some weird looking skateboard for transport .
