  i really do n't care what you believe . 
  so being near loud bass music on mdma can make you feel amazing because its stimulating nerves all over your body , in one sense it 's like a full body massage . 
  on mdma you senses are heightened , so that everything feels nice and more intense . 
  however , it 's very common to become nauseated especially in the first hour after the drug kicks in . 
  often people will be waiting to come up , start to feel it kicking in , and five minutes later they vomit . 
  all countries romanticise other countries . 
  look at the japanese with french for example . 
  this is so true . 
  british people in some respects are quite brutal . 
  the politeness is a product of the aversion of conflict that being around british people requires . 
  british people like to get what they want regardless of whether it 's right or wrong , and the culture ultimately rewards this kind of results based action . 
  british people are not particularly concerned with how society judges them like some nations are . 
   honestly , german beer is miles behind american craft beer now . 
   now crawl back to your nikes ( usa ) , your blue jeans ( usa ) , your boeing 747s ( usa ) , your rock music ( usa ) , your iphone/android phone ( usa ) , keep using your intel ( usa ) powered pc ( usa ) running windows ( usa ) to search things up on the internet ( usa ) using google ( usa ) or buy things from amazon ( usa ) and understand that you 've not offered anything other than bmws ( based on ford ( usa ) assembly lines ) novel to the world in over 100 years , unlike the us which has spearheaded everything you 're doing and using today . 
  because countries without proper division of power between those that act as democratically elected lawmakers , and those who set monetary policy tend to end up tinpot countries with crap economies . 
  the british ability to do business globally relies on trust and certainty the division of these two powers . 
  mark carney 's job is to act in the best interest of those who are invested in britain , regardless of their nationality , to set monetary policy that will protect their wealth . 
  governments do n't care about this , they tend to just care about getting reelected , meaning they 're liable to make bad economic decision provided they secure their continued influence . 
   the stat in the video about how 7 % of the british population went to boarding school, 
  no , it said that 7 % of the british population go to public schools . 
  not all public schools are boarding schools . 
  there are about 250 public schools across the uk , the common theme amongst them is that they are all paid for through fees , and they all tend to have a rich history and employ conservative methods . 
  there are other schools , like grammar schools , which are paid for with public money but only allow what they deem more intelligent children to attend , there are also private schools and academies that charge fees for those who attend and typically only take smarter children , but they are n't considered public schools because the schools are n't old and conservative enough . 
  of the british public schools , i would reckon less than half are boarding schools , many once having been boarding , but changing to become day schools as the cost of housing students on site rose in the latter part of the 20th century . 
  even of the boarding schools , only a minority have the luxury of being boarding only , with most allowing day schoolers as well . 
  i think it becomes a bit more sinister when you realise why the boarding schools were so regimented , which is basically because they were preparing children for a life in one of the great british institutions , be it the government , the military , the civil service etc. 
  they were in the scottish indyref, 
  honestly , what he means by that i think is that there will be no compromises on the eu position , a soft brexit would effectively be `` no brexit '' , because there 's no way they 're letting the uk have any allowances . 
  also it 's in his interest to deny the possibility of soft brexit just as it 's in may 's interest to signal a willingness to hard brexit even if she does n't want to . 
  if the uk is crazy enough to invoke art 50 , i think the eu will offer a soft brexit , accepting all the eu freedoms and laws in return for single market access , but the cost for the uk will be very high in loss of political influence in the eu . 
  that 's a stupid attitude that brexiteers are spreading around . 
  the best course of action is to fight brexit tooth and nail while simultaneously pushing for the weakest most dilute brexit possible . 
  acting like you have to give up just because a slim majority in a referendum is just a ploy to try and make brexit easier for those who want it . 
  good cocaine with alcohol can be an amazing buzz , but ultimately not worth the price if you ask me . 
  i think as with anything addictive , people tend to enjoy it more the more addicted they get . 
  with a good coke buzz you feel invincible , numb to pain , in control , and able to handle anything or anyone . 
  in reality you 're probably just coming off and kinda obnoxious . 
  i found once you 'd quit after a few months sleep was fine . 
  have you tried eating healthier , exercise ? 
  i found that sleep once you 'd quit weed felt more natural , before i 'd sit up watching tv or playing games for hours , then collapse into bed at 3am out of exhaustion . 
  once i was off it a good night 's sleep was something i would relish , and i 'd go to bed earlier looking forward to feeling refreshed in the morning . 
  i 'd feel less groggy in the mornings too , although it hardly made me a morning person it made them less hardwork . 
  also i started to dream again , at first it was too vivid and occasionally a nightmare , but it returned to a normal level where dreams became normal . 
  before i quit , if i did n't have anything to do then i 'd smoke from getting out of bed till bed time , and this also messed up my natural relationship with food . 
  off weed i crave breakfast an hour or so after waking up , it feels like eating naturally balances the chemicals in my head so i feel less anxious and depressed . 
  on weed my relationship with food was fucked , and i 'd fast for the first 6-8 hours of the day before starting to feel really run down , irritable and tired , then i 'd put two and two together and realise that it was because i had n't eaten and head straight for the nearest unhealthy food i could find , usually mcdonalds or subway or something like that . 
  i guess that the only permanent effect i 've experienced from heavy prolonged weed use is some lack of motivation . 
  before i smoked i felt naturally quite motivated and active . 
  i was the kind of person who was out of the house most the day everyday . 
  before i quit i hoped that once i would start to naturally feel more energetic and keen to throw myself out the house and socialise . 
  in fact , i found that stopping weed did n't give me much get up and go , i still sat around the house binge watching series and being lazy in a way some people would think unimaginable . 
  it 's taken me a much more concerted effort to address that habits of lazyness that first emerged when i smoked , than it really did to stop the weed . 
  if i do n't make an effort i naturally drift towards a life of doing the minimum , refusing overtime when i need to money simply because i want to go lie down on the sofa at home , avoiding socially demanding social situations in favour of a limited social life with safe people , lying around on my days off until the late evening even if i do go out and do something . 
  however , that could just be my real personality or the effects of age . 
  regardless , i 've found much better balance in my life now , and i 'm far more socially active , and able to work , even if i typically spend my sundays and a few evening in the week sitting around doing fuck all , there are worse things than having some downtime and being a coach potato once in a while provided it 's not at the expense of rest of your life . 
  i was offered a bj by a woman who wanted a lift to the other side of town . 
  just walked straight up to me and asked me if i were going that way , then she suggested she 'd `` pay '' for the journey with sexual favours . 
  it was sad because she looked like someone who would 've been hot if she had n't clearly been addicted to something strong , evidenced by her sallow face , overdeveloped jaw muscles , glazed look , and healthy pallor . 
  not to mention she was wearing tracksuit bottoms , a sports top that needed a wash , and had her hair up in that junky `` i do n't give a fuck how i look '' way . 
  similar thing happened to me but i was 15 at the time ( although i was quite developed for myage and could pass for 18 at least 50 % of the time , was always asked to buy booze ) . 
  was sitting in a typical hostess bar , nothing too sleazy , on a family holiday , just some pretty made up hostess girls playing checkers and cards with the customers to keep them entertained at a family friendly bar / restaurant type of affair . 
  one of the hostess girls who could n't be more than 20 and was stunning ambushes as i 'm coming back from the toilet . 
  says we can go back to hers straight away , that she does n't want anything from me just wants to be with someone attractive . 
  anyway , i was way too suspect after hearing all the cons that get pulled on tourists so i politely decline the offer . 
  to be fair i was good looking at the time , slim , full head of hair , but it all went downhill in my 20s . 
  it would be pronounced cunts , and vowel would be the same as that in the word `` puts '' , but not like that in the word `` punts '' , however there are some dialects of english that would use this vowel for `` cunts '' so it would probably be understood as such . 
  germany actually has some pretty good fake cop shows with the most ridiculous plots ever . 
  to be fair he does n't call him a cunt , a better translation would be `` wanker '', 
  just say you were born here and moved to the us as a child . 
  do n't say `` i 'm british '' with no qualification and expect not to be called out on it . 
  you 'll sound more like a wanker if you overplay the significance of being born in england and having english parents , mentioning the fact is fine but if you think it means a lot that 's arsehole behaviour . 
  having a british passport wo n't make people more endeared to you , and acting like it does will make people hate you . 
  do n't take a patronising attitude to british things , do n't say `` i love [ insert british thing ] because it 's in my blood/genes '' , do n't claim you inherited `` the british ability to drink '' from your parents . 
  do n't act like you 're on some pseudo-spiritual quest to find your `` roots '' . 
  then you 'll be find . 
  it 's not like you ca n't mention that you were born in the uk , just do n't mouth off about it or act like it 's really important and that 's fine . 
  if you 've ever taken a direct hit of spray in the face then you 'll know that this is literally torture . 
  it 's the kind of pain where you lose your vision even if you open your eyes the burn is so bad , and it does n't go away for hours . 
  even many hours later you 'll feel similar to having very bad sunburn every that was effected , and this feeling will last for another 24-48 hours . 
  depends who you hang around with . 
  a lot of the people i knew who never could be remotely sensible with drink and drugs have all grown up out of necessity , many of them settling down or having kids . 
  for them the sess had to end because they would n't be able to function if it had n't . 
  i , however , left home and moved to a city and hang around mostly with young professionals of some sort or the other , and for them the sess is still very much alive because they 're the kinds of people who can moderate themselves adequately . 
  they also did n't all have such wild teenage years and do n't have any intention of settling down soon so the mentality is different . 
  you can always find people to session with , but i guess it gets a bit sad once you 're into your late 30s / 40s and do n't have anything else to show for it . 
  for many people there 's a big gap between these two . 
  i know a lot of late 20s and early 30s types and they go hard , they just have to balance it around their responsibilities . 
  you know what 's a great trade deal ? ... 
  the one eu member states get . 
  because there 's literally no reason for the eu to give us a soft brexit style trade deal unless we accept freedom of movement . 
  he does n't even say that . 
  he says `` sie wichser '' , using the formal form of you . 
  so he literally just say `` you wanker '' twice . 
  it 's still better to explain what was said instead of making a false translation that does n't really convey the same sense . 
  brexit posts get attention because everyone cares about brexit right now . 
  when the consequences of the referendum are done and dusted everyone will stop caring about it and the news will go back to normal . 
  sadly , this is what the british people voted for . 
  if you 've stopped caring already then that 's fine but you ca n't force other people to stop caring and upvoting posts . 
  imo it would be wrong for mods to stop or limit brexit news when there 's clearly demand for it . 
  just wait it out and slowly it 'll become less of a pressing topic and unrelated news will start to dominate .
