  without ever growing past this immature stage of life . 
  to them being smart means pretending to understand science or classical literature , being success is a matter of salary , when in reality being smart means being a well rounded astute individual capable of empathy and adaptation , and being successful means finding a place where you 're happy in life and comfortable with yourself . 
  tagged as `` is scat fetishist '' , looking at your history you were n't kidding, 
  jokes on him , i eat plenty of crap and i 'm not fat . 
  sure i 'm not ripped like gym guys like him , but pretty average size . 
  maybe the difference between me and a gargantuan fattie is that i eat a normal quantity of food and live a moderately active lifestyle . 
  honestly i under that being healthy is good and all , and if you want to be healthy good for you , but do n't have a go at people who are moderately unhealthy , we ca n't all be fucked being into nutrition and heavy exercise . 
  maybe instead of doing what he says and being really healthy , people should just learn to be unhealthy in moderation , carry those extra 10 - 20 pounds instead an extra 200 . 
   yes , clearly , the american education system is the problem here . 
  not the education system that somehow taught someone that the troubles , ( and i say this as a proud republican ) a series of events that could not be less important on the world scale , are more important than the existence of america, 
  if it makes you feel better it 's not only london where rickshaw scams are happening . 
  many major european cities have this problem . 
  personally i would n't take a rickshaw outside of countries where rickshaws are traditional like those in asia . 
  except nobody does that . 
  i 'm an english native speaker in germany and i do n't know anyone who has n't attempted to learn the language a bit , the rest comes down to motivation , necessity and interest . 
  for example often people posted in the uk or us military will only learn very very basic german , how to order beer and ask the price and so on , because they did n't choose to move here , therefore they are n't motivated , they do n't need german that often for their day to day , therefore no necessity , and they are n't interested in learning a language , because most soldiers are n't . 
  people with highly paid jobs in english speaking companies who 've been shipped out to germany in the hope of promotion are the same . 
  immigrants , however , who elect to come to germany , work jobs that use german and enjoy languages can become fluent within a year or two . 
  english speakers are actually terrible german learners on the whole , while russians will learn far more quickly because they need to . 
  this is because it 's easier to get by using english , which most people here will have at least a rudimentary grasp of , than it is with other languages that are only spoken by a tiny minority of germans . 
  the problem is that even when you 're decently competent in a foreign language you 'll still have an accent , still make mistakes and still say some things in a way that sounds unnatural to native speakers . 
  stupid people will take this as enough to mean you do n't speak the language . 
  furthermore the dumber the person the harder time they 'll have communicating with someone who speaks differently than they do because they themselves are pretty linguistically limited . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you took some real hicks from arkansas and dumped them in london they 'd have a hard time communicating and understanding others , because they do n't have the mental capacity to adapt their speech or interpret the speech of others . 
  fluent is a big word . 
  i know people who 've been here 5 years , speak exactly like natives , but still get stumped if they had to read a contract or something . 
  what 's a soccer ? 
  sounds like you 're assuming it 's either oxford or cambridge , as if those were the only places it could be , which would be rather silly for someone unfamiliar with uk landmarks . 
  read it again , makes perfect sense . 
  it is actually very common for germans to work 9-4 or 8-4 , but asides from breaks they must work with utmost efficiency , it 's the german way . 
   the colder water in winter would have killed him in minutes . 
  i doubt that , perfectly possible to spent time in the sea during the winter months . 
  unless he went into shock or something i doubt it would kill him . 
  i think making definitive statements about something you acknowledge you have no knowledge about is the definition of silly personally . 
  now you 're being silly , it 's perfectly obvious . 
  if someone acts as if they have knowledge about a subject when they do n't they are a very silly person . 
  ah yeah because it 's not the police 's responsibility to make cordons that do n't break when dealing with mass crowds . 
  the way crowds behave is not a simple thing . 
  scientific models have been made to try to prevent things like this happening . 
  you have to account for the fact the pressure may be mounting from all sides as unknowing people join the massive queue waiting to get in or out . 
  people who 've been waiting for a while but still far out enough to be unaware of what 's going on in the cram might be getting increasing impatient attempting to move forward . 
  additionally people in the epicentre are becoming increasingly panicked as the situation worsens . 
  in this video you can see that the worse crush was near the exit that became available . 
  panicked people only 10 metres away from that exit are pushing forward believing that they can escape as panic sets in , simultaneously slowing the exit of the people at the stairs due to increased pressure . 
  once people start falling over an scrambling over one another it 's game over . 
  what you 're seeing is not the act of an individual entity but the accumulation of thousands of factors resulting in the accident . 
  you can compare it to how traffic jams work . 
  often major congestion the result of numerous factors without one obvious cause . 
  guess you 're a cunt . 
  one access was too small to be used as the sole exit , the east was much bigger which is why they thought they could use it for both . 
  with proper partitioning it probably could have worked . 
  lightning strike *, 
  alright crocodile dundee, 
  no , til 4 ( 16 ) . 
  it 's part of the german attitude of work hard and then go home to enjoy life . 
  even stuff like being expected to answer work emails outside of office hours or take work calls are somewhat controversial here . 
  you 're the over sensitive one who is projecting . 
  i only said it was silly , which it was . 
  it 's like someone showing a building in the us and me saying , cool , is that new york or washington d.c ? 
  all the while lacking knowledge of the buildings in either . 
  ah yes this classic piece of sas , i was thinking about it a few days weirdly enough . 
  what americans do n't realise is that britain is so diverse that is able to contain multiple methods of dish washing , unlike america with its dish washing methodology homogeneity . 
  this is precisely why a universal single mixer tap system would never function in the uk , there are just too many different washing types for it to be feasible . 
  this is just yet another example of how the us is stuck in out dated inferior washing culture at is secretly longing for hygiene fascism . 
  naturally britain will be called upon to save their arses when their continent is plunged into housework chaos brought about by extremist political ideologies . 
  seriously , this is such a none stereotype , i 've had flatmates who think a single run under the cold tap and you 're good to go , my mother will always fill the basin , scrub everything , drain , then fill up with cold to rinse , while i being a wasteful youth does n't even bother with basins full of water and just does everything under a constantly running hot tap . 
  there 's also a tonne of methods in between . 
  actually the scrubbing removes the dirt and suspends it in the water . 
  it 's a good philosophy , why should i work when i 'm not being paid for it ? 
  why should i give up my free time for work . 
  too often in the uk you are expected to go above and beyond else you 're considered to be not pulling your weight , which is fine if you 're working in a start up but when you 're working for a multinational why the fuck should i. 
  if that 's what you want stipulate it in the contract and pay me for it . 
  far to often this attitude that you should be so grateful for employment prevails , and sadly many people are in a situation where that is a reality , but it 's fucking exploitative . 
  honestly i think a mentality like this give work more dignity and respects the fact you 're a human being who is n't all about work , while in the uk people pretend their lives are all about work to their bosses and colleagues because that is the submissive attitude they 're expected to have , regardless of that fact that it 's all lies and really you hate your colleagues and ca n't wait to get out of the building . 
  the difference is that if you clearly define what time is work time and what time belongs to the individual , people will work hard , maximise productivity during work and then go home feeling relaxed able to refresh for the next day . 
  however if you expect me to be forever at your beck and call putting in extra hours for free just to prove that i 'm a team player , get to work early and leave late like it was a competition , well guess what , i 'm going to start mixing work and recreation . 
  i 'll be at work 20 minutes early but i 'll be browsing reddit stealthily , during dull moments i 'll be checking facebook trying to catch up with my social life to try to compensate for all the times its been stolen from me when i 've been expected to take work calls at 8pm because it 's sooo important . 
  there 's no mystery as to why germany has one of the highest if not the highest level of productivity per hour of work in the world . 
  the exact opposite is the japanese system where you 're expected to be in the office late every day even when there 's a light workload just to demonstrate loyalty , one of the countries with the lowest levels of productivity per working hour in the world . 
  that 's the similar the old myth about baths not making people clean , another very comparable and classic piece of sas ( the idea that baths can be used to clean oneself and not just for recreation seems foreign to many americans and some other nationalities too , americans even seem to have taken to calling showering `` bathing '' ) when you take dirt and suspend it in water in parts to the thousand , then remove the vast majority of that water from the object you 're cleaning , it actually does a miraculously better job at cleaning than some people think . 
  i think some simplistic psychology about the fact that the dirt is in the water and some small amount of water is still touching the plate makes people overlook the quantities we 're talking about , in their mind you can only be diluting the filth rather than removing it , when actually an extremely effective dilution can leave something very clean . 
  like hydrotherapy , the original product becomes negligible . 
  did you know it 's been scientifically proved at a bath makes one cleaner than a shower ? 
  there 's a study on it somewhere on the internet . 
  nevertheless , i rinse and i 'd recommend since if you just drain the dirty water you 'll probably have a bunch of suds left , and nobody wants their plate to have hints of lemon zest . 
  the stereotype is that americans are worked into the grave without benefits , job security , holiday pay , paid maternity leave or any proper regulation of their rights in general , so i do n't think anyone is going to claim that they work short hours . 
  after all , the right to exploit workers and the right to be exploited by people wealthier than you is a true cornerstone of american liberty . 
  ergh i hate all these popular science talking heads and the culture that surrounds them . 
  dawkins : `` what 's consciousness ? '', 
  seriously ? 
  a round of applause for that . 
  it 's all such horribly juvenile , neck beard , pseudo intellectual quatsch . 
  these guys are nothing more than celebrities who nerds deify because they 're actually ignorant of the issues . 
  these guys are nothing more than public relations guys selling the idea of science and atheism to the public . 
  there are some really good real intellectuals who deal with the subject matter these guys spend most of their time hashing up ideas and generalising . 
  if you 're interested in atheism , why not read a book by an atheistic philosopher of religion , someone who knows more about religion than most of the truly devout and yet holds that position , rather than dawkins who sells some half baked ideas in best sellers . 
  if you want to know about consciousness there are literally billions of words devoted to the matter some scholars whose sole job is to think about consciousness rather than someone who specialised in zoology ? 
  i really do n't like what these guys are doing for the public face of academia , and the support around them is almost cultish . 
  it 's not about whether they 're right , it 's the fact that their supporters absorb their opinions without doing the hard intellectual work required to get there . 
  easy answers for stupid people .
