  actually , free trade is about all countries interests . 
  italy might have shit farmers who do n't produce much and are propped up by uneven tariffs . 
  it 's not in the italian government 's interest to lose them though , because it will lose them votes . 
  however , if the eu stops the uneven tariffs , market forces will naturally take affect , moving that agricultural work where it can be achieved most efficiently , and long term italy will benefit from cheaper food prices . 
  the good thing about free trade is that long term it is always win-win for everyone . 
  when market forces are allowed to act on an even playing field then across the whole free trade area the economy becomes more productive . 
  nations that relied on protectionism to survive are forced to adapt and produce things that naturally serve market needs . 
  the price of goods goes down because they are being produced as efficiently as possible within the free trade area . 
  the more efficient our overall economy , the cheaper goods and services become , the higher our standard of living becomes . 
  if 20 years from now # 20,000 buys # 30,000 worth of stuff ( adjusting for inflation ) we have all become vastly richer , even though are salaries may not have moved as much . 
  ttip stuff is so overblown i ca n't be arsed opening that can of worms . 
  also ceta and ttip look like they 're going to fail in the eu . 
  come 2019 and the end of the 2 year period what do you think the uk government will be rushing to sign with north america ? 
  also , it 's not remotely like voting for blair . 
  when you vote for a person you can never be sure what they will do , you can only look at what their policies say and what they say . 
  if blair had had `` long protracted destabilising war in the middle east '' as a policy then sure . 
  when you vote in a referendum you are voting on a course of action , and it is your moral responsibility to foresee the consequences of that course of action . 
  ignorance and competence are no defence , if you were n't confident in your ability to decide you have no place participating in the referendum . 
  if voting did n't require an element of choosing `` how you want it to go '' then there would n't be any point in holding one in the first place . 
  yes , many people voted for brexit thinking it would mean the return of british manufacturing , the reopening of the coal mines , a free pint with every lunch , and britain 's return to the glories of the past , becoming the world 's newest superpower , but their still failed in their moral obligation as adult voters to vote in the best way for their country , and as such they are directly to blame for the consequences of their decision . 
  ultimately if you 're an elite then none of this even matters to you . 
  for the elite all brexit really is a bit of a shake up , and with any shake up there will winners and losers , people who tap new areas to profit inside a new regulatory framework , and people whose existing sources of profit run dry , but at the end of the day all the `` elite '' will be fine , even if some are losers , losing just means retirement on the back of vast existing personal wealth . 
  even a recession can simply be an economic opportunity to these people . 
  however , the ordinary folk always end up paying , because a 10 % rise in the cost of living , or a 5 year period of low wage growth will actually be affecting the realities of their life . 
  whether they can afford to rent that flat or buy that house , whether they can eat the food they want , do the things they want , visit the places they want and so on . 
  for some it will be difference between a living wage and a life of poverty , and those are people who we should be apologising to , yet so many of them support brexit . 
  good article . 
  i wonder how rising prices will affect public sentiment towards brexit in 2017 . 
  it would be terribly ironic if halfway through the 2 year period the british public are crying out for an end to brexit as they feel the squeeze . 
  also `` pass-through '' effect ? 
  sounds like a bout of undesirable constipation , which i guess is actually quite a fitting brexit analogy . 
  you ca n't rationalise what is n't rational . 
  ultimately it came down to the fact that the mainstream political parties of britain were almost universally against brexit , so to get one over on them we should do the opposite . 
  depends on which part of the west midlands . 
  lots of people do it , you might not be hearing it because the vowel used for a - u is different as well ( the same as what bbc english types would use in a word like `` put '' , so you might be hearing it as `` mum '' , but if you really pay attention the vowel many west midlanders / black country folk use the vowel sound they would usually correlated with a word like `` hot '' rather than the one they 'd use in a word like `` put '' or `` hut '' ( which rhyme in their dialect ) . 
  well whatever it would 've been under the previous government , we 'll have more of the same but unavoidably worse . 
  i 've seen people trip out this way , they think they 're surrounded by people but in fact they 're by themselves . 
  say someone 's name and they will think they 're there . 
  they keep calling you the wrong name . 
  suddenly they might say something to someone who is n't there . 
  really weird . 
  had some bad trips on weed as a kid who 'd never really smoked it , they were horrible , i remember sitting on the floor thinking i was dying and that my rib cage was going to explode because of some phantom brain in my diaphragm . 
  also had a bad trip on shrooms in amsterdam . 
  spent about 5 hours under the bed sheets waiting for it to be over . 
  very intense hallucinations in a kind of horror carnival theme , lots of garish colours pulsating and tessellating , at one point imagined seeing a horrific image of two pigs fucking while i horrible techno beat rattled around my head . 
  if you 're going to do trippy drugs kids i 'd recommend doing them in a relaxed environment with minimal chances of encountering people you 're not friends with such as a friend 's back garden . 
  not in a busy area with lots of strangers that 's unfamiliar . 
  for a long time i thought christopher masterson and neil patrick-harris were the same people . 
  [ i mean come on ] ( http://www.coupay.com/topoften/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/neil-patrick-harris-christopher-masterson.jpg ), 
  for so long i thought the actor from malcolm in the middle grew up to a successful sitcom actor , but apparently i was wrong . 
  unfortunately so did the rest of the nation . 
  food prices are predicted to rise 10 % by early 2017 . 
  except that figure is probably higher now people have had time to google what the eu is . 
  whatever the telegraph may be , it 's still a relatively high brow paper , with a wealthier , more educated if somewhat conservative readership . 
  wealthy and educated people are on the whole more concerned about the real impact of brexit , what it will for their money and their future . 
  the sun readership is n't even sure if the `` economy '' people are always harping on about is even real , or just another figment of the elite 's imagination , in the same way the eu was just a bunch of remote foreign bureaucrats that did n't do much in their minds too . 
  the telegraph and the financial times have been putting are very good evidence based brexit journalism . 
  whereas more emotive papers like the indie and daily mail have more or less been telling their respective audiences what they want to hear , and the real rags are just peddling their usual outrage filled tripe . 
  yeah it 's miserable is n't , still ca n't believe it every time i 'm reminded of it . 
  maybe i 'm insulated from it but i 've barely met a single person who seems to have a positive outlook on it . 
  i 've only met a few pro brexit people in real life and of them they 're all either highly non-political people who stopped caring about it days after the referendum or considerably more worried than they were back in the summer . 
  politically i am a centrist neoliberal progressive personally . 
  ultimately i believe in capitalism as a force to organise society , but think that those forces need to be regulated from an ethical standpoint , and my ethics lean toward the progress end with a focus on personal liberty and reducing harm to society . 
  ultimately i want an economically competent government , not a rampant old school socialist , i want adequate public sector funding and not constant indefinite austerity , and i want government social policy that is forward thinking and not based in antiquated moralising . 
  to be honest i feel this quite a tame position politically , i do n't want radical change , i do n't want nationalisation of industry or a managed economy , i do n't want sweeping deregulation and the leaving of every aspect of society to market forces . 
  i just want to protect our healthcare and welfare state while keeping the economy growing and unemployment down . 
  there is so much hatred right now for things like `` big business '' , `` elite politics '' , and globalism that makes no fucking sense whatsoever . 
  people are acting like the last 25 years have been horrific , that we 've had immense poverty , political strife , and economic decline . 
  in fact the last 25 years have been pretty fucking fine . 
  the policies of the labour government were generally fucking fine . 
  the global recession was not the government 's fault , or at very least it was not the sole responsibility of the previous labour government , they are just one of many many parties who were positioned to prevent it but failed to act . 
  what other reasons have we to complain ? 
  the war in the middle east and destabilisation of the middle east ? 
  yes , that was a terrible decision that government made but absolutely irrelevant to internal politics which were just fine and dandy . 
  just because a government with certain economic and social policy take us into an unpopular war is not reason to forsake those economic and social policies that worked so well . 
  people are simply projecting negativity onto the current situation for no other reason than nostalgia , racists and bigots remembering the days when racial slurs were common in the workplace and when immigrants were second class citizens who were expected to pay their dues , back when they could earnestly convince themselves that being born british was to win the lottery of life and they did n't have to give equal status to the pablos and joses of the word . 
  old school socialists pining for the days of coal mines and trade unions , acting like those days were n't full of constant economic hardship and that the british manufacturing and industry of the era was n't a joke . 
  almost all the bad that 's happened lately has been directly the fault of the story government 's austerity measures , cut backs , and terrible social policy . 
  it 's pushed a whole segment of british society to nonsensical populism and radical ideology . 
  all i would like is a return to normality , sound tried and tested policy , the understanding of britain as a liberal social democracy that walks a moderate path . 
  anyway , i think there are lots of people out there who think like me . 
  people who just want moderate politics back , a centrist position that can ensure stability , not cause any economic disasters , and is n't trying to demonise the poor or the unconventional . 
  however , the political landscape is such that people that want a return to sanity do n't have a party to represent them , just corbyn too far to the left and the tories who seem hellbent on destroying the country and everything it 's supposed to stand for . 
  no evidence of that , but strong evidence of brexiteer regret . 
  problem is that the tories are wooing the working class vote right now . 
  they 're probably going to alienate a lot of conventional middle class conservatives , the educated types that voted tory simply because they thought they 'd do better with the economy than labour . 
  however , if the tories can steal enough of labour 's conventional voting base then they can break the conventional voting lines and ensure that nobody can pose an opposition to them . 
  that 's why immigration is becoming a sacred cow for may , because if the uk ca n't deliver brexit without economic fallout , the only way for may to secure strong tory support is delivering to the brexiteers what they want , that being border controls , immigration quotas , and all the other stupid fucking things that wo n't actually benefit the country in the slightest , save making some racist grannies in lincolnshire better able to feel like its the old days . 
  an incredibly imbalanced risk . 
  the uk is like a small child with some safety scissors trying to intimidate a fully grown man with a machete . 
  all you 've done in this thread is try to downplay brexit 's risks and exaggerate the uk 's leverage in the upcoming negotiations . 
  honestly , i think you 're trying to convince yourself more than anyone . 
  not a single banker will lose their job . 
  anyone on a very high salary will be important and valuable enough for the bank to relocate abroad . 
  the ones losing their jobs will be ordinary folk like you and me who are simply doing a regular job that happens to be at a bank . 
   mark my words . 
  fuck the experts !, 
  we should all be marking some random internet moron 's words !, 
  do n't worry , when article 50 is invoked you 'll see . 
  you 'll go outside one day and your neighbour akmed will have been transformed into a plucky local plumber called dave who was able to afford a new house since there 'll be no eastern europeans stealing his business .
