  we had some good times then two but really i was approaching the game very differently at that time , just a couple of hours a few times a week for fun . 
  what happened in those days could never be recreated , it 's not really about the game but more about you . 
  i still have a few friends from the old days who i keep in touch with over skype all over europe . 
  to think that we 're all 8 years older than we were in those first few days is scary . 
  i 'm glad i got to participate in what happened at that time though because i do n't think anything equivalent will happen again , at least not for me . 
  oh and if you want why wow is the most addictive game in the world , do you think there many games that people could write this much about ? 
  maybe some but very few . 
  even this does n't encapsulate the whole experience , but anyway i hope this answers your question . 
  it 's not that hard to learn . 
  the hardest part is pitching the vowel sounds in terms of how forward and open they are . 
  this comes with time but can easily be started by associating with each vowel sound with words that have that vowel sound in your accent . 
  once you 've got the basics it 's easy if all you want to know is how a dictionary word is pronounced . 
  how is a gear box with a sixth gear `` normal '' ? 
  only an automatic driver could think this ... 
  people will probably disagree with this on principle , but my experiences with the job centre have made me jaded , if i were you i would not mention this to the job centre at all . 
  it 's just a one off and they have no means of finding out . 
  in principle yes you 're meant to tell them so they can temporarily stop or reduce your benefits until the working period is over . 
  however if you go this route due to conscience or whatever make sure you tell them in advance and get all the paper work sorted , as well as having proof of the amount you 're going to earn . 
  if you just walk into the interview and say you 've done some work , or they are put in a situation where they have to take your word for the amount you 'll earn , they 'll most likely freeze your claim and make you reapply meaning you 'll probably lose even more money than you earn doing the two days work with the time it takes for them to get their act together and reinstate your claim . 
  in my experience , since the recession the primarily role of people in the job centre is getting people 's benefits stopped for whatever reason they can muster , whether that be being 10 minutes late for an interview , not having sufficient evidence that you are seeking work or engaging in any activity that remotely sounds like work regardless of whether you are actually able to support yourself . 
  oh i read that as `` is cash in hand '' , ignore what i said . 
  sorry to be a party pooper but if you 're on the toilet you 're not really shitting yourself , you 're just shitting ... 
  september 10th 2015 it becomes so, 
  i doubt it would destroy morale , more like have the public up in arms supporting aggressive military action . 
  it really would n't make sense to assassinate her given she holds a large amount of sentimental but little strategic value . 
  as an american servitude to the crown is in your blood , no matter whatever a piece of paper says !, 
  does a piece of paper really undo the divine right of kings ? 
  god wants you to obey his elected officials . 
  never address the queen as marm , it 's ma'am as in ham , not marm as in farm . 
  very important should you ever meet her about town some day . 
  people like you are dumb ... 
  what a joke , russians are the worst globalists . 
  russia has an equally bad if not [ worse ] ( http://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-2451854/35-cent-household-wealth-russia-belongs-just-110-billionaires.html ) wealth divide . 
  do n't judge us on a minority of morons i say !, 
  really ? 
  if you 're young and say it yes , but partner seems to be the normal word for people of a certain age . 
  you could take two people who were generally considered unattractive . 
  provided they 're not related , bang you could have a good looking child since the kid just gets lucky and inherits the `` attractive '' traits of both parents and none of the `` ugly '' ones . 
  i was like `` please be cringepics , please be cringepics '', 
  why do you want a smelly - r when you can have a nice elongated vowel instead . 
  i heard that one of the reasons for the adoption of non-rhotic accents is it 's easier for singers and therefore more sophisticated , 
  [ this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_english_districts_by_population ) would be more accurate really, 
  this is fallacy to be honest . 
  even in countries where guns are illegal criminals can get guns . 
  it does n't lead to a great imbalance of power since even in countries with carry laws not many people defend themselves with their guns . 
  did you really think the uk 320 times smaller than the us ? 
  no offense but that sounds like bullshit . 
  40 pounds would be really cheap for a journey of that length anywhere . 
  in my experience rail transport price varies , a train from frankfurt to paris can cost anything between $ 50 - $ 150 depending on how you go about it , similar rules apply here . 
  yes granted , but is there any need to pronounce the second syllable so funny like `` aloominum '' , aluminum - al-lum-min-num would suffice . 
  it 's not like you 'd say aloominoom is it now . 
  it 's houmous for me . 
  it 's absolutely not . 
  it 's car-bine, 
  it 's not . 
  it 's ad vert tis munt , anything else grates the ears you yankee fool . 
  everything americans say to be honest , but especially when pronounced by someone who is n't american . 
  every time someone fails to yod coalesce ... 
  every time someone fails to use proper haplology when appropriate and pronounces silent letters ... 
  every time someone fails to use schwa when it 's appropriate ... 
  . . my ears burn with the fire of one thousand suns, 
  because schwa is a thing . 
  the stress on english nouns is on the first syllable , that 's just the way it is , the rest are reduced . 
  if you did the same in french you 'd be speaking incorrectly , and that 's how the british feel about english , regardless of the pleas of jumped up colonials . 
  the ree-search pronunication is vile . 
  seems to me if you 're going to yod drop you might as well just go fully phonetic and say lu not loo . 
  makes you sound like you 're talking about the toilet !, 
  that 's evident in the american military , what with all the talk of loo-tenants, 
  reminds of an anecdote about a part of the uk where there was a sign saying `` do not cross the railway line while the lights flash '' , in the local dialect `` while '' means the same as `` until '' , `` whilst '' was the word they would have understood as meaning the same as during . 
  also ... work ridiculously hard your whole life striving to be successful , barely have a holiday and die of a heart attack at 50 . 
  do n't work at all at anything your whole life end up an unemployable bum with a terrible lifestyle and die of something or other at 50 . 
  but where in between lies the optimal lifestyle ? 
  you 're saying the retail assistants were making over $ 100,000 a year ? 
  because i ca n't see any reason why a would pay that much for such replaceable labour . 
  it does n't make economic sense . 
  that 's irrelevant , it 's terrible business sense . 
  i could fire you all . 
  employ new staff with less than half the commission rate . 
  they might not be as motivated on the floor , but with the savings i could massively increase the number of staff on the payroll , hire more mangers and invest more in staff training , or even open new branches . 
  it 's not as if you 're going out finding these customers for me , essentially in a floor sales role all your doing is facilitating the sale of goods i own to customers i 've attracted . 
  if you 're making me money , it 's only in the sense that you 're got a good patter and you might convince some of the people , who 've most importantly already decided to walk into the shop , more likely to make a purchase or convince someone to purchase more than they would without your presence . 
  no matter how you look at it the profit you 're making me is not worth paying anyone 100k a year salary + commission . 
  honestly i think you 're wildly exaggerating , you do realise that the average salary for skilled job like an accountant in the us is $ 45,000 per annum ? 
  if you 're not lying then you should count yourself lucky to have possibly the most generous employer in the world . 
  it 's not correct though . 
  if you want to know how people sounded back then the closest accent you 'd be able to imagine is a pirate accent , and pirates do not sound american . 
  the only reason people say this is because the presence of rhotic - r , but there are still english speakers with the same - r. 
  have you seen that scene from [ hot fuzz ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5ng3fg1u4xg ), 
  just listen to [ this old recording ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xsb90aj6jp8 ) , skip about 30 seconds in , probably the closest you could have to the way people spoke when england was colonising the us . 
  here 's probably the [ closest approximation to the a shakespearean accent ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gplppht7n9s ) . 
  you can easily see how such an accent could merge into a modern american accent or british one . 
  we 're not though , iceland and somewhere else are fatter , there was an article about it recently . 
  how on earth is that relevant you utter moron . 
  everything i said there was about maximising company profit , paying employees more than it seems you would need to to earn the same amount of profit ? 
  sounds like socialism to me . 
  i 'm not bothered by the united states at all , i 'm just surprised any company would find it worthwhile to pay floor employees that much commission , on the basis of what their role is . 
  sound like you have a stick up your arse about notions of capitalism and socialism , given you 've brought politics into things when it 's totally irrelevant , despite seemingly not understanding either . 
  furthermore what does the size of a legislature have to do with absolutely anything , factories down the road from me employ more people than the us congress and senate combined , how is that pertinent to our discussion , you really are displaying absolute idiocy . 
  fair enough , i guess someone at a company of that magnitude must be doing the maths on optimising payment strategy . 
  i just find it surprising that they would maximise their profits that way , especially when there 's plenty of highly skilled professionals that require a university degree and certified qualifications on less than that in the us .
