  ca n't you see him bouncing his head off the pavement unnecessarily ? 
  ca n't you see the other bouncer giving him kicks while he 's being held down . 
  these are acts that even police officers would n't get away with in the uk . 
  if this went to trial the bouncers would almost certainly be found guilty of assault and battery , and probably lose their bouncing licences to boot . 
  all the best for your future . 
  but i suggest you take a few measures to get yourself sorted if you 're going to go ahead with this . 
  first things first , in order to be eligible for the * means tested * tuition loan and the living costs loan , which you 're probably going to need if you 're going to break away from your parents , you are going to need to either have your parents submit their household income and that income must be below [ # 42,600 per annum ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/education/2015/mar/30/should-your-income-affect-how-much-your-student-child-is-loaned ) ( that means both your parents collective income from work , benefits , and capital gains must be less than that a year ) or you 're going to have to establish that you are an independent student who is estranged from their parents . 
  unfortunately , it 's going to be difficult for you to establish yourself as an independent student unless you have n't had contact with your parents for 1 year and have respected community members who can verify that fact like a teacher or social worker . 
  the information regarding attaining this status can [ be found here ] ( http://standalone.org.uk/guides/student-guide/#independent-status ) . 
  there is an exception for people who have been pressured into a forced marriage situation , but you 're going to have to establish this fact to the degree that will satisfy the institution who makes this decision . 
  this would probably require [ a forced marriage order ] ( https://www.gov.uk/apply-forced-marriage-protection-order/overview ), 
  my concern here is that if your parents refuse to disclose their earnings when they realise you 're going to leeds because you 've upset them then you might not be eligible for the maximum means tested maintenance loan amount , which is # 8200 , outside of london . 
  without this will probably be eligible only for the minimum maintenance loan of # 3821 a year , which is n't a lot of try to survive off . 
  i also suggest you go [ here ] ( http://students.leeds.ac.uk/info/10231/access_to_learning_fund ) to look at the learning fund , assuming you 're going to leeds uni , and [ here ] ( http://www.leeds.ac.uk/info/128004/fees_and_funding/28/leeds_financial_support_non-repayable ) to look at any bursaries and grants . 
  i really hope you are able to convince your parents to disclose their earnings or establish yourself as independent because without either of these i think distancing yourself from them will be very difficult . 
  in the north america it 's colloquially acceptable to refer to tortoises as turtles . 
  in other english speaking countries it 's not . 
  in most commonwealth nations this particularly parable is called [ `` the tortoise and the hare '' ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_tortoise_and_the_hare ) , whereas more modern iterations in us culture have started calling it [ `` the turtle and the rabbit '' ] ( http://www.goodreads.com/book/show/2803217-the-rabbit-and-the-turtle ) . 
  ( which makes no sense by the way , turtles live in the sea and are n't at all slow , nor are rabbits particularly fast ), 
  i 'm just pointing out that it seems to be primarily the us ( do n't know about canada ) , where it seems to be acceptable to call tortoises turtles . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   in north america , all chelonians are commonly called turtles , including terrapins and tortoises . 
  in great britain , the word turtle is used for sea-dwelling species , but not for tortoises . 
  the term tortoise usually refers to any land-dwelling , non-swimming chelonian . 
  unless this the us corrects this stupid lack of distinction you 're going to keep getting videos [ like this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ocx3-xidny ) . 
  where idiots drown tortoises because they 're too dumb to know the difference . 
  they 're not really similar . 
  there are pretty easy to distinguish one walks very slowly on land and has legs , the other swims at a decent pace and has flippers . 
  statements like `` slow as a turtle '' are just factually wrong . 
  you ca n't seriously claim that conflating the two does n't make a difference . 
  i 'm not saying that if the us stopped calling tortoises turtles then then they 'd never be another mistaken tortoise drowning , but it would help a fair bit . 
  currently the florida environment board has to put up signs to stop people doing this after a recent spate of gopher tortoise drownings . 
   where else need i travel to see the capital of the earth , new york , disney land , to ski in aspen , to see a texan rodeo , a broadway show , etc. ? 
  not even capital of the us . 
   skim the intro paragraph in a textbook , and immediately understand the theory in all its complexity , and apply it to the real world . 
  while all of his classmates are still struggling to pronounce `` bourgeoisie '' , my husband will be ready ( and competent ) to debate karl marx himself . 
  you 're either exaggerating , talking nonsense , or have chosen a terrible example . 
  it 's completely impossible to do this . 
  nobody can competently talk about marx just by skimming the introduction to a text book . 
  that 's like saying `` if there 's a corridor with 10,000 doors , he can open the first 10 and tell you what 's behind all the others '' . 
  reading marx is n't simply a logical problem where an extremely clever person can extrapolate a lot faster than an averagely intelligent one . 
  as someone who studied philosophy as part of his degree i noticed that there were always one or two of these students , the kind that read the first hundred pages and decided they were ready to start challenging the material and asking deeply intricate questions . 
  these people pissed the professors off no end because they were n't ready to understand the answer , and most the time that answer would be an explanation of why the question did n't make sense . 
  of course many of these people did so because they believed so much in their own intelligence that they did n't feel the need to patiently work their way through the material . 
  i 'm not denying that there are very intelligent people out there who can quickly work through logical moves at a much faster pace than others , programming is a bit like this , some people you can just give the syntax to and they 'll be building complex code a few hours later because it 's a very logical process , but using marx is just an awful example . 
  think of it like history , it does n't matter what a talented historian you are , or how much of a genius , if you only know history up until 1800 then you wo n't be able to talk proficiently about world war 2 . 
  well for starters he 's already talking english so it 's not like he has n't studied a language . 
  there 's nothing to suggest that learning latin has any benefits over learning any other 2nd language when it comes to improving your thinking . 
  i see no problem with schools offering latin as a option , but forcing students to learn a language they 're not going to use , be it swedish or latin , simply because of some unfounded belief that it 's good for you is moronic . 
   father ted, 
  careful now !, 
  i do n't think the irish would be too pleased with that being described as british comedy . 
  down with this sort of thing !, 
   michael mcintyre ... russell howard ... 
  this is n't a worst of british comedy thread ... or are you just listing of the funniest comedians for if you 're a stay at home mum who lacks a sense of humour ? 
  to be honest , i 'm not that smart . 
  i used to think i was smart until i met smart people . 
  i was just pointing out that very few subjects are like maths where you occasionally get good will hunting style geniuses who just turn up with barely a day 's study and start out smarting the professor . 
  most subjects , including philosophy , require a long process of rigorous study before those super brains can actually be put to use . 
  haha , well yeah , sorry , i just know frankie boyle would be appalled if he knew he 'd appeared in the same list as michael mcintyre , that 's all . 
  while philosophy has a logical basis , and i 'm using logical in the strict sense of logical necessity and not the more colloquial sense of `` reasonable '' or `` rational , it is not possible to simply extrapolate consequences from a basic understanding of the key principles . 
  if it were you 'd be studying logic rather than philosophy . 
  there are some things to consider :, 
  most philosophers tend to assume premises and work from the basis that if these assumptions are true then this is what follows . 
  philosophers make these assumptions because there is no way to prove or disprove them , only take an opinion , prove and disprove are not words that are used in philosophy often , they apply to logic and maths , subjects where the rules of the game are already clear . 
  philosophy is n't like this . 
  additionally attacking these principles is often unhelpful , at least until you 've worked through the conclusions and understand where the thought is going . 
  a philosopher 's overall position on something will probably consist of multiple arguments , each founded on different assumptions . 
  just because you think he 's wrong about x does n't mean he 's wrong about y. 
  due to these multiple arguments , a further position of this philosopher may rely on the intersection of these arguments , so unless you know them all , and how they interact , you wo n't be able to earnestly assess whether they 're right or wrong on one of these positions that relies on two or more arguments . 
  different philosophers treat logic differently , some relying on it heavily , others disregarding it completely . 
  marx happens to be a philosopher whose fundamental concerns were n't logical but historical and sociological . 
  philosophy is not solely a priori ( although some philosophers wanted it to be ) , but also involves arguments based on empirical belief . 
  i never said history is arbitrary if we want to be very pedantic , and i do n't believe that it is , i merely pointed out that a knowledge of the past ca n't make you can expert on the future , this is probably more to do with it being impossible for a human to ever have enough information to figure this out , rather than it being inherently arbitrary ( although that 's a wholly different debate ) . 
  reading a philosopher like marx is a bit like this , until you 've thoroughly read a large segment of his works you 're not really in a position to critique his overall thought , you 're certainly not a in a position to stump the professor who 's probably read everything marx ever wrote 10 times over . 
  none of this is to say that there is no logic in philosophy , or that a high level of intelligence and a good grasp of logic wo n't be a tremendous aid when it comes to understanding it . 
  but the idea that you can just jump ahead with intelligence from just a snapshot of a philosopher 's thought it very misguided indeed . 
  history is not in arbitrary process imho , if it were historians would n't spend years trying to break down the sequence of events that led to such and such happening . 
  also you 're making the mistake of thinking that there is only one core argument in marx , and that it 's actually possible to just skim for the all the major points , and understand them , there are dozens if not hundreds , maybe with a month this might be possible , but you 're not going to do this quickly . 
  philosophy , especially when it comes to understanding a philosopher rather than an isolated philosophical argument , is not simply a matter of y follows x. 
  [ i 'll link you to what i said to the other guy ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4f6a7t/teachers_of_reddit_have_you_ever_had_a_real/d26cu6b?context=3 ), 
  i never studied psych , sorry , also it 's a sunday afternoon . 
   like i said , if there are multiple premises , then you have to understand all of them . 
  i was viewing a single theory , to which there should only be one assumption . 
  one theory rarely means the assumption of one premise . 
   i honestly do n't know what philosophy tends to use , but i would hope it 's logic . 
  if a view is contradictory with another point in that opinion , it seems safe to say that opinion is `` wrong '' . 
  all depends on the philosopher , it 's a very wide ranging subject . 
  i 'll also add the logic is n't the clear cut absolute truth that people often imagine it to be before they actually have to study it . 
  there seems to be limitations to logic , and i 'm not talking about mystical bullshit , i 'm talking about clear cut questions that seem logical enough when approached but seem to end in contradiction . 
  for example , the premise `` all meaningful statements are either empirically true facts about the word e.g dogs exist , or analytic truths that are true by their very definition e.g a = a '' ca n't actually be defined as meaningful under its own rules . 
  furthermore , something like the copenhagen interpretation of quantum physics would seem to defy traditional logic . 
  my degree was in philosophy , politics and economics . 
  i think someone has a streak of anti-intellectual butthurt . 
  you 're mistaken if you can take a whole philosopher 's life work and call it a unitary theoretical structure . 
  most philosophers change their minds multiple times over the course of their life 's work . 
  additionally much of what philosophers think is often to do with their personal psychological prejudices and motivations . 
  of course there is a logical aspect to philosophy , and yes , it probably is more transparent than any possible logical aspect to history , the analogy was not perfect . 
  however , you must n't lose sight of the fact that philosophy when you really get down to it a bunch of thoughts someone wrote on a page , they may believe them to all be necessary logical consequences of each other , or they may not , we can agree with their assessment of their work , or we can disagree . 
  the point is that it 's not as cut and dry and some people here seem to imagine .
