  the bases in west germany and britain served their purpose when the threat of a russian attack on the west was a reality , especially the intelligence and airbases which were used to field reconnaissance . 
  they told the russians that in a nuclear strike the response would be swift rather than coming from half a world away . 
  the real question is what are they doing there now ? 
  apart from functioning as a way for the us to spy on their own citizens without being subject to us law ( this is actually was the us was doing from a intel base in yorkshire ) . 
  god dammit , i came here to post this but i was 6 hours too late :( thank you for your service o7, 
  except that 's not how the song goes ... 
  do n't worry , you 're doomed . 
  it 's not just that . 
  's can be added to virtually anything to contract is . 
  the only exception to this i can think of off my head is when nothing follows is . 
  you ca n't say q : `` is he playing ? '', 
  a : `` he 's '' . 
  you could say `` he is '' or `` he 's playing '' or `` he is playing '' , although we tend not to do this when `` is '' is an important element of the sentence . 
  yes i have , this is nothing like it . 
  too slow and lacking the proper rhythm . 
  it 's meant to sound like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zsgwoxdfm64&amp;t=63s ) . 
  also this version , the main video , is obviously based on the [ tom lehrer version ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=acs3noqnsqm ) . 
  this choir 's version does n't sound like anything except poor amateur singing . 
  so you absolutely nothing about germany yet feel justified in raging about my opinion without being able to put toward any comprehensible reason why ... k mate . 
  have fun in special school . 
  which version are you talking about ? 
  i was talking about the piano version , the one posted as the main video not this shitty choral version , that 's the one that 's based on the tom lehrer version . 
  the choral version is clearly based on every amateur choir style in history , screechy singing with a horrible synth accompaniment that fails to capture the musicality and makes my ears want to bleed . 
  that one does n't sound like the tom lehrer version or the original really , just some stupid students trying too hard to be funny . 
  all you provided was evidence that chernobyl slightly increased the rate of down syndrome in germany . 
  you have n't at any point claimed why it 's sensible to be closing down nuclear plants like they 're some great evil instead of closing down coal plants . 
  idiot . 
  because most of europe is vastly less racist than much of the middle east and asia , where it seems that op has been trying . 
  furthermore it 's not just about racism , it 's also the fact that in many places in asia there is simply a powerful naive expectation that good english teachers are natives speakers and that all native speakers are white , since many of these countries do not have significant populations of people other than their ethnicity who speak their language as a first language . 
  what 's you 're point ? 
  europe is much more progressive and anti-racism than most the countries in areas op has been trying to find work . 
  racial discrimination in no more prevalent in most of europe than it is in the rest of the the developed world . 
  you 're just being foolish . 
  nuclear energy is absolutely treated as the worst thing in world in germany . 
  92 % are strongly against it . 
  yet fossil fuels get a comparatively easy run , despite most german people also being against that . 
  where did i say something as stupid and reductionist as `` it 's the coal industry doing it '' ... 
  i did n't say that . 
  you interpreted it such because you seem to lack the nuance of understanding basic arguments . 
  ironic that you should talk about twisting and moulding people 's words when twice you 've misquoted me now . 
  the reality is that the coal industry is a large factor in why germany is so vehemently anti-nuclear , it does n't cost germany much to be anti-nuclear , however , if such a strong position were taken by germany against the coal industry then it would mean the loss of tens of thousands of jobs and the economy would take a significantly larger hit . 
  there are literally billion euro interests in coal , and they have lobbyists who would rather see public concern vented towards nuclear than fossil fuels . 
  fyi that 's not just true in germany , but fucking everywhere . 
  it just so happens that germany has not invested massively in nuclear like france has , and therefore their nuclear lobby in germany does n't put up much of fight . 
  the politicians there are much happier to jump on the anti-nuclear bandwagon because they know it 's not going to lose them too much favour with industry . 
  just as it 's easier for countries that lack an arms manufacturing industry to take a vehemently anti-arms production position , it 's easy for germany to take an anti-nuclear stance while tolerating fossil fuels to some degree . 
  if you ca n't understand the nuance of what is happening here please just go away because this conversation is getting tedious . 
  that 's a great goal , i completely support that goal . 
  the lobbyists for fossil fuels are not getting what they want , but that 's only because of powerful public support for environmental causes . 
  politicians have shown time and time again that they will prioritise financial interests over the public unless there is strong public opposition . 
  however it is naive to say that they are not still a powerful force in german policy and in the media shaping public opinion , and it 's foolish to ignore the fact that the coal industry is still a sizeable part of the germany economy , and the majority of german energy still comes from dirty sources . 
  how much of the machinery that is used in australian mining operations and fossil fuel plants is engineered and produced in germany i wonder ? 
  i do n't understand why you are frustrated . 
  i simply think that the best option for the environment would to be focussing on closing dirty fossil fuel plants before we go boasting about how we 're nuclear free . 
  every time a nuclear plant closes hundreds of millions are spent to provide renewable substitute sources , i would rather that tax money was spent reducing oil , gas and coal usage than getting rid of nuclear . 
  that in my opinion would be the better choice for the environment than closing nuclear plants . 
  closing nuclear plants imo is nothing but a token gesture , a crowd pleaser to convince us that politicians are environmentalists when in fact they 're still in the pockets of fossil fuel interests to some degree . 
  i hope you realise that despite the billions of euros that have been put into renewables germany still produces more emissions from energy production than france ? 
  so ultimately despite our `` good intentions '' with renewables we 're still inching us closer to drastic global climate change issues than the french . 
  am i not allowed to want the best possible situation for country i live in ? 
  imo we were using a nuclear + renewable solution we 'd be looking at being the first non-fossil fuel using country in the forseeable future . 
  instead we 're hoping that we 'll be mostly renewable by 2050 . 
  your state is dumb . 
  you must be a bit simple . 
  fyi the us justice system is abysmal . 
  that 's why you have so many people in prison . 
  this probably has a lot to do with stress patterns , unstressed syllables that contain - r are no doubt more likely to be pronounced non-rhotically , which might lead to confusion amongst speakers who expect the - r to be pronounced . 
  no it does n't you idiot . 
  the minimum sentence is the lowest sentence that can be given when no mitigation applies whatsoever . 
  this is the same everywhere in the world virtually . 
  there is no such thing as a minimum sentence that does n't account for mitigation , the very notion is morally abhorrent , it would mean that guy who killed someone who just massacred his children in front of his very eyes would still be subject to minimum sentencing rules . 
  not the same extent in europe as it does in asia and the middle east . 
  a massive share of the people i 've worked with have been non-white , and a fair number of them are non native speakers too . 
  just because racial discrimination exists everywhere does n't mean it would n't be a hell of a lot better in europe ... 
  jesus the people in this thread getting all butthurt . 
  can we not just acknowledge that while the guy was behaving like a tosspot , it was a fucking hilarious insult , and that nobody died as a consequence . 
  so let 's all just have a laugh and move on . 
  itt : butthurt nerds . 
  as someone who does n't care about any of these franchises i thought it looked like a decent film . 
   modeled, 
   modeled, 
   modeled, 
  the word is modelled . 
  get that yank shit out of here . 
  wingsuit base jumping *, 
  ok so the pitch of a note is its frequency , how quickly the air is vibrated , lower sounds have lower frequencies and the higher notes have higher frequencies . 
  in western music it became standard to essentially place all the frequencies in the same pattern . 
  this is n't an equal increase each time , but involves things called tonal increases and semi-tonal increases . 
  these notes simply sound better together . 
  you can see this on a piano . 
  the white keys that have black notes between them are tonal increases , while the keys that have no black notes are semi-tonal increases . 
  this is the spacing for the key of c . if you want to transpose a song then you shift everything up a notch , including where the semitonal breaks are and where the tonal breaks are . 
  notes that do n't fit into this pattern simply do not sound sound congruent , that is to say that they do n't sound so nice together . 
  so if you play certain notes outside of the placing it does n't sound as harmonious . 
  remember however that composers do n't always want things to sound harmonious so this is made more complicated by the fact that most music makes uses of notes that do n't fit into the schema , which is fine it makes the music more interesting and if done correctly sounds just fine . 
  you 'll see these notes marked with a sharp or flat sign on a musical score to indicate that they 're deliberately that way . 
  however if you really obviously make use of the wrong note at important places within a melody it will sound wrong . 
  like when a singer goes for a high note and is flat ( a little bit too low , a semitone for example ) , it just sounds awful , and ordinary people will notice despite not really understanding the theory of music at all ( i ca n't say i understand myself really but this is what i 've been told ) . 
  in this song he 's deliberately singing a key note in the melody a semi-tone out , everyone can tell it sounds bad and out of line with the music he 's playing even if they are virtually tone deaf . 
  there 's no real explanation as to why this certain pattern of tones sound nice to us , or why it became so important in western music but not in indian or chinese music for example , but there you have it .
