  i ca n't stand the snobby beggars who still think they 're above money and are better than the actually successful because they were beaten over the head with noblesse oblige as children despite living in 2 bedroom cottage and being completely unknown to anyone of influence . 
   many aristos are n't event wealthy at all , i 'm afraid to tell you , having long since sold off the pitiful remains of their estates to the national trust . 
  perhaps they have enough for public school in the bank , but they 're not ` rich ' . 
  these are not members of the modern upper classes , like much of my family they 're a bunch of paupers who never quite got over the fact that grandfather used to own half of northumberland 100 years ago or wherever it might be ( and had the title to match ) . 
   but they are not , and will never be , upper class . 
  hold onto your ridiculous ideas if you want , most of the people who think in these terms are dead or soon will be , they are quite literally a dying breed . 
  you 've turned this into nothing more than a pissing match anyway . 
  to get back on point , ladishness is a distinctly middle class phenomena . 
  we can argue about the definition of middle class and upper class until we 're blue in the face . 
  whether you define upper class purely by titles and heritage , or by whether someone belongs to the social sets that actually make a difference in the world ( and thereby actually benefit from real privilege rather than just the pretence of it ) is entirely by the way . 
  imo the former is an absolutely stupid demarcation that only the titled and those from titled families hang onto out of desperation , and by that logic there is no american upper class , in fact the only people who are upper class are british people who happened to have been born to a family with a particular noble history . 
  since you 've reserved the term upper class for yourself , what term do you suggest for this new breed of old money cultural elites ? 
  because they 're certainly not the same as the well to do provincial professionals who are normally considered upper middle class . 
  half the public school boys i know are or were into lad culture ( at least when they were at university ) . 
  all the rugger types , all the cricket types , even the polo types , they never stopped bragging about what lads they were , they all read the lad bible like it were literally a bible . 
  if they 're not middle class then i do n't know who is . 
  i think either you have a very warped concept of lad culture or a very warped idea about class ( perhaps were all a bunch of oiks to you anyway ) . 
  it 's pretty self evident that it 's the latter to be honest , not because your old fashioned definition of upper class , but mostly because you think 90 % of the uk identifies as working class when it 's the complete opposite . 
  as blair said `` we are all middle class now '' . 
  the only people i know who identify as working class are those with strong working class heritage who grew up in distinctly working class environments , everyone else , from the postman to the accountant , is calling themselves middle class these days . 
  lol are these real people ? 
  the last one sounds too unbelievable too be real . 
  you can be an amazing singer and barely scrape a living from it . 
  just like how there are endless fantastic piano players and violinists who take regular jobs or scrape by playing in restaurants and social functions . 
  reality tv has given people an unrealistic idea of what musical talent is worth . 
  the irony of those shows is that the one reason the artists gain a modicum of marketability from it is because of the exposure it gives them and not their talents . 
  for every one great singer you see on a talent show there are a thousand equally good ones who either did n't have the right personality to be selected or did n't feel like degrading themselves on national television for a chance at fame . 
  the money is in writing music/songs people want to hear , and in building a public image for yourself so people will remember your name and go to your concerts and pay for your music , or both . 
  we think talent with instruments / voice is rare because it only occurs in one or two percent of the population , but that still means there are millions of talented people , and society has little use for the majority of them . 
  i 'm saying that reality television is the reason why you and many others think that a voice like that has value . 
  there are literally thousands of people who can sing like she does , and only a tiny fraction make a living from it . 
  i do n't want to discredit her talents , i think her voice is a amazing , the problem is that amazing voices like hers are far more common than most people seem to realise . 
  while if you took 100 people off the street then only 1 or 2 tops could probably sing well , that still works out as too many . 
  it 's simple supply and demand , and the demand is way lower than the supply . 
  take adele for example , people bang on about her voice ( which is fantastic do n't get me wrong ) , but it 's not her voice that put her where she is today . 
  it was merely pointing out the fact that she only has the success she does because because in her the music industry found some aspect they could sell , and that aspect happened to strike a chord with the public mentality at a certain time in certain places . 
  consequently it 's adele who 's making millions and topping charts and this girl who 's singing weddings and getting by , had things been different , had this girl been in the right place at the right time , and had adele not have been , then it could 've easily been the other way round . 
  that is just the cruel reality of the music industry . 
  just because you dont watch it does n't mean you 're not affected . 
  maybe thousands did n't get the point across . 
  try hundreds of thousand or even millions . 
  there 's certainly not enough space for them all to be lauded as stars . 
  all the top posts in this thread = cunts, 
  cute when a cat does it , but when i do it to people in public toilets their reaction could not be more different , it 's a double standard if you ask me . 
  lol comically bad acting , terrible lip syncing , awful cgi , ultimately so bad it 's good . 
  like the storyline in red alert 3 . 
  i could n't help but feel that any moment now it was going to throw me into the gameplay . 
  except it 's not hip hop . 
  grime is n't a sub category of hip hop . 
  that 's just what dumb americans think because they think they own the rights to beats and rhyming . 
  dumb americans seem to think that everything good comes out of america and any innovation or difference from another country must just be a variation on a theme . 
  it 's all part of the process of cultural appropriation that american nationalism insidiously pushes . 
  just like when a dumb american claims america has the best cuisine because apparently it has the best tacos , pizza , and bbq . 
  grime is no more hip-hop than drum n bass is house music . 
  congratulations on not being a dumb american i guess . 
  i ca n't believe the really punchable face kid from `` school of comedy '' ( very unfunny if you ask me ) , is now kissing a-list hollywood celebrities . 
  [ here he is in said unfunny obscure british comedy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wzt-1h-sc4m ), 
  we 're not touchy , your country just has too many arseholes . 
  just scroll to the bottom of this thread to find gems like this ... 
   i am just saying that most modern popular genres of music originated in the us : rock , rap , hip hop , r & b , pop , techno , house , etc. 
  and many sub-genres like punk rock and folk rock . 
  the electric guitar also originated in the us , and buddy holly and his crickets basically formulated the concept of a rock band, 
  us likes to define genres in its own favour , when elvis does something it 's genre defining but when the beatles do they 're just copying american styles , it 's bullshit . 
  we 're just sick of america 's inability to not accredit anything successful to itself . 
  it 's as if many americans ca n't bear to think of themselves as following a foreign influence , and therefore they have to redefine everything to americanise it just to be able to tolerate it . 
  lol the butthurt . 
  if you want a shorter ping go to a us server , us based vanilla wow servers are available , do n't blame the european server founders for putting their server in europe on the assumption it would be mostly europeans . 
   with a forced accent ( if it is real , it 's heavily exaggerated ) . 
  yeah , that 's the other typical dumb american response . 
  funny how europeanss people could go around mouthing off about how we literally civilised the planet , invented all the technology that look us out of the dark ages to the modern era , how if it were n't for us america and all other colonial countries would be full of natives in mud huts , that your whole culture is stolen from us from the legal and government system to the language , how with europe you would n't even have music full stop , unless you call atonal tribal chanting music music , never mind jazz music and so on , then when you got annoyed we 'd say you were jealous , however we do n't because we 're not dicks . 
  america has got the biggest national inferiority complex for not being where society comes from in the world . 
  250 years later and you 're still desperately trying to prove you 're not just an inferior knock off of european civilisation , how pathetic . 
  you sound like you 're entitled to a good ping on a foreign server ... 
  not our fault that so many of your people are so desperate to reinforce their nazi like delusions of national superiority that they 'll vote for a moron like trump . 
  you 'd think after 250 years of independence america would 've grown out of its dick waving stages . 
  nah , you 're the guy stuffing socks down there because he 's worried about his tiny baby dick i.e. 
  claiming to have invented shit you did n't . 
  literally any inventor or leader who even visited america you try to claim , a list of famous americans reads like : albert einstein , wernher von braun , nikolai tesla , winston churchill , it 's just sad . 
  along with shit like jazz music - africa , folk music - european and so on . 
  probably more than benjamin franklin , who you know , totally discovered electricity because he liked flying kites so much . 
  henry ford ? 
  you mean that business man that did n't invent shit ? 
  yet americans still to this day go around saying he invented the car and the assembly line ? 
  also he was racist as shit . 
  also edison , the foreign patenter of other people 's inventions ? 
  perfected = made something cheaper and got rich off it , how american is that . 
  ah yes `` saved our asses '' , another nice piece of america historical revisionism designed to console americans about their small colonial `` non-civilisation cradling '' penises . 
  it would be funny if half your country did n't actually believe this shit . 
  lol whatever man . 
  without the british you would n't even have a country . 
  it 's natural that you sympathise more the nazis though when your country has so much in common with them when it comes to politics and general outlook . 
  ca n't be any gayer sounding than `` life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness '', 
  service guarantees citizenship !, 
  they were the ones who made into a national catchphrase , ducky, 
  that 's scotland , but yours is a folically challenged bird, 
  obese diabeetus eagle would 've been more apt do n't you think ? 
  what the difference between america and yoghurt ? 
  if you leave yoghurt alone for 200 years it will develop a culture ... 
  for an american invention the word looks awfully turkish , that said i 'd be hard pushed to define what an `` american word '' would look like given america does n't even have a language . 
  pretty sure that word has a germanic origin , here 's some listed as american .
