  this is assuming you meet the requirements of celta/tesol and you 're a native speaker of course . 
  the only exception to this if were to be working germany would be if you wanted to go long term career , if you 're planning on managing a language school some day or getting a full time senior university position then you 'll definitely want a university education , hell you 'll probably want an ma in some education related field . 
  i know many universities in germany wo n't take you on full time without an ma . 
  however if you were planning on spending a few years abroad somewhere in europe i 'd say do n't even bother with a ba , get your celta/tesol and start freelancing until you can land a contract . 
  germany is very big on qualifications , do n't get me wrong . 
  however they also have a very strong attitude that qualifications are only useful for the discipline that you 've studied , having a degree in sociology when you want to be teaching english is not going to impress them remotely . 
  that said without celta / tesol ( preferable celta if you ask me ) , then you 'll be very hard pressed to find any work whatsoever . 
  it 's not so much that they 're lenient on qualifications , more that they only care about qualifications that are directly relevant to what you 're doing . 
  also it 's worth noting that almost everyone starts out freelancing here in germany , which means employers can afford to take a risk on you and see how it works out . 
  like i said with a technical background any of the affluent cities like munich will be keen to take you on for a business position . 
  i ca n't remember it 's been a few years . 
  someone point out that they were still at eastwatch in the books . 
  lol i 'm sorry but that is not the right way to handle it . 
  he seemed like a massive dickwad . 
  you say of this stuff like it 's a good thing . 
  personally i think it 's stupid , it takes all the art and fun out of social interaction . 
  there is what is real and there is the face that you present to people , i actually prefer my cultural shibboleths like saying `` that 's interesting '' meaning `` that 's idiotic '' , my imprecise time frames `` see you later '' when you might not see someone for weeks . 
  respect is n't very exciting , that 's not to say i do n't have respect , but respect is earned not given freely imo . 
  also i think believing softening the blow regarding what you think of people is n't infantilising in the slightest , it 's actually quite pleasant . 
  if you 're smart you 'll understand subtle hints , and if you 're an idiot you wo n't go through life feeling like one . 
  germanic social culture is hardly something the world is looking emulate . 
  honestly , i think many germans lack a certain je ne sais quoi which can make them quite dull , that said that makes the non-conformists more interesting . 
  foolishly, 
  you say i do n't get it but i live in germany i 'm quite familiar with germanic earnestness . 
  i know it 's not about using the right nomenclature , and more about not concealing your honest response from people , the assumption being that they deserve that . 
  teaching business men english , and coming from britain as i have , here in germany it 's a big issue . 
  to interact socially in english , especially in britain , you need do two things , you need to infer what other people are hinting at , and you need to imply what you mean rather than saying things directly lest you come across as rude . 
  you need to read under the surface and understand what is genuinely being communicated rather than what the words appear to mean . 
  this can be basic stuff like framing requests and demands as questions , using indirect speech rather than direct speech , or more complicated things like learning what understatement and when it 's being used . 
  you say :, 
   how do you ever become not an idiot if noone ever tells you about it in terms that you understand . 
  i simply say i do n't . 
  why is it my responsibility to help you move up in life ? 
  what possible benefit can it be to me to see you improve yourself , you 'll be of more benefit to me beneath me than as an equal . 
  not to mention that people who wo n't take a hint are usually either very stupid , or very much in denial , those singers on x-factor are deluded . 
  sure it 's funny when simon cowell or someone shits all over their delusions , but look how often they respond with complete and utter disbelief , cursing the judges and finding ulterior motives instead of accepting their criticism . 
  if someone is in such a state why should i bother doing anything but humouring them ? 
  it 's not my problem and could lead to a whole bunch of social awkwardness that i simply ca n't be arsed to deal with . 
  if you ask me it comes down to a difference in culture . 
  since germany was unified it 's always been a heavily bourgeois culture . 
  it very quickly jumped from near feudalism to an egalitarian society , and the concept of what it means to respect one another was defined in that ethos , something along the lines of `` we do n't have be pleasant to each other if we do n't want to but we at least owe each other an earnest approach , treating each other as equally capable of understanding each other 's opinions '' . 
  britain on the other hand is a hierarchical culture , we love our cultural shibboleths , whether they belong to the working class or the upper class . 
  you might belong to the same nation as i , but you are not the same as me , interaction need n't always been on the assumption that you are my equal and will readily accept criticism as i might do , i do n't owe you my true opinion . 
  better to let the people deluded people have their dreams and delusions , and then we can have a good chuckle about their foolishness afterwards , since there will always be idiots , and for many of these people their delusions are all they have . 
  being ruthlessly self critical is just painful for many people . 
  ultimately there is no difference between communicating something in plain and direct language , and implying it through veiled language , they both have the same meaning . 
  the difference is that in the my more anglophone way of doing it the meaning is not public property , it is only open to the speakers of that private language game , one can be perfectly fluent in english and yet not understand the meaning behind the words . 
  it 's a useful tool for identifying the knowers from the ones who do n't understand . 
  my problem with the german openness is that it 's too census inducing , if you ask me it leads to a stronger belief in that facts are facts plain and simple , that person is a bad singer , that person is wrong and that one is right , if we are less open about these things people can more readily hold onto their private realities , and every once in a while that person who was thought a bad singer might turn our to be the next david bowie or something , because his private reality was n't nipped in the bud and brought in line with what the majority think early in his development . 
  if it 's entirely coincidental it 's entirely irrelevant , therefore why did you mention it ? 
  i realise germans are more collectivist that 's fair enough . 
  and i know it 's not classless , i think it 's more bourgeois , it 's rule by the middle class essentially , but it 's not a strong hierarchy like in the uk , the notion of an upper class seems far more antiquated here than in the uk . 
  i think the thing about the uk it 's not individualistic in the strong sense like the usa , it 's about in-groups and out-groups . 
  if we were absolute individuals we 'd probably be less concerned with what others think , it 's more to do without having your tribe with the tribe . 
  it 's hard to explain . 
  to use it does n't matter if * everyone * is on the same page , provided that * everyone * within out group , be that class or region or institution , is on the same page . 
  we actively do n't want outsiders to understand our meanings . 
  we get stuff done within our private group , not as a society collectively . 
  moreover we are supportive to our friends , and we might subtly hint them in the right direction while being as tactful as we can . 
  however i think the difference is that in germany people will be honest to a perfect stranger , while i would be of the attitude , why do i owe a perfect stranger , someone who is n't a member of my personal group , my honest opinion . 
  anyway it 's not like people in the uk typically say `` wow , that 's amazing '' when someone is rubbish , they 'll just avoid saying anything if they can and if pressed just say something like `` you have a nice voice '' or `` i like the song '' , something evasive that does n't actually entail it was sung well . 
  it appears to me that german just simply say their mind more often , which comes across as somewhat harsh and overly honest to us britons . 
  in the rest of the world people can drive at 18 and can drink then or before it . 
  there is no drink driving pandemic . 
  by 18 most people have access to alcohol anyway in the us whether that be by fake id or older friends . 
  if anything the answer is to be stricter carding people to make sure they 're 18 , not to raise it to 21 . 
  yeah i think so too and i 'm british ... 
  however one thing i 've noticed that is definitely true is that americans will more often mention how much they earn . 
  it might be rude to ask , but it 's not rude to volunteer that information . 
  however in the uk telling anyone how much you earn is considered very bad form , if it 's a lot it 's boasting and if it 's little then it 's looking for sympathy or allowance . 
  americans are definitely more at ease with the topic generally . 
  i think we can all agree that the age of consent in the us is ridiculous though . 
  fine in all developed countries you can drive by 18 and drink by 18 . 
  it simply makes no sense to say because we allow kids to drive 14 we 'll raise the drinking age to 21 . 
  if other countries did n't allow driving until 21 it would make sense , but they do n't , so there is literally no logic to the statement . 
  do n't why saying that is so funny . 
  i 've seen the video , it 's funny , but that phrase does n't seem that funny by itself . 
  does n't sound anything like that ... 
  if there was a nuclear war or a massive attack on britain they would actually have to do their job of protecting the queen , it 's incredibly unlikely but in a * martial law situation they would actually be acting as a real guard . 
  they are all real soldiers and most of them have seen multiple tours of iraq and afghanistan . 
  omg he used a word , get him . 
  they are more like the 1st special forces group . 
  they 're as bad ass as you can get without going into a special branch like the sas rather than the army proper . 
  thanks for reminding me, 
  i 'm embarrassed by your existence . 
   i missed beer with hops you can taste . 
  this is what made me laugh the most . 
  the world 's best beer versus ipa made by hipsters with 900 % hops . 
  the stupid thing is i went to a top 10 russell group university ( not boasting or nothing haha ) in the uk , had to pay , but not the 9k they pay now thankfully , and it was basically what you 're describing , there were about 12 hours of actual time you had to be on campus per week , and 5 hours of that were in seminars that were almost always taught by phd students trying to make money on the side , , most of whom did n't give that much of a shit about the topic you were studying . 
  rarely would you get a seminar taught by the actual professor , this might have happened on 2 or 3 courses during my entire degree . 
  lectures ranged from about 50 to 250 students . 
  each professor had about 3 office contact hours a week and this was mostly administrative , certainly not for getting additional tutoring . 
  if the professor was nice you could probably email them and they 'd direct you towards a book or journal that would answer your question and that was about it . 
  yet you were paying fees for this experience . 
  there was also a definite pecking order with the professors , the research grantless ones teaching 30 hours a week and the others sometimes taking term long sabbaticals meaning they were nowhere to be found around exam time . 
  americans seem to want university to be an extension of school where someone will hold your hand through a host of pointless subjects like 101 french and introduction to psychology which are no harder than british a-level 's or sometimes even gcses given that many of the students will have no experience with that subject prior to taking the course , merely doing it for credits or some ridiculous requirement of their intended major . 
  hell , a lot of the courses they take at american universities are multiple choice examinations , pretty much a ridiculous notion of higher education . 
  honestly i think that 's bullshit if you do n't mind me saying . 
  the bologna process is nothing to do with the us . 
  the us is doing a completely different thing .
