  \u2611 cutting onions, 
  \u2611 broken arms - mom jerked him off, 
  \u2611 ____ here : can confirm / can confirm : am ____, 
  yeah for sure . 
  i miss the weather , the nice looking buildings ( was in munich ) , the readily available beer gardens everywhere you go , the proximity to nature such as lakes and mountain ( although to be fair i 'm a lazy cunt and i only left the city about 6 times in a year , but when i did leave it was sweet ) , i miss the really safe clean streets because it meant it was really chilled out , i miss the big beers ( i 'm not in k\u00f6ln and the beers are miniature ) . 
  i miss m\u00fcnchner freiheit , particularly schluckauf and barschwein ( shit almost forgot shamrocks irish pub ) . 
  i miss the englische garten and being able to swim in the eisbach . 
  i do n't miss the cost of accommodation first and foremost , the moody fucking women in the b\u00e4ckerei , the bars closing before 5am , sonnenstrasse ( shittiest nightclubs ever imho ) , do n't miss the fucking ninja undercover mvb agents checking your ticket on the public transport , the legions of tourists clogging up the city centre especially the italians outside hofbr\u00e4u haus . 
  i 'm in two minds about the public transport . 
  getting around munich was waaaay simpler and faster , because the u-bahn is a legit u-bahn that only goes underground , and the lay out is really nice because it 's so centralised and logical , also affordable . 
  however , missing the last tram/u-bahn home on the weekend fucking sucked , the nightbus sucked really bad . 
  here the trams run all night on the weekends so that 's a pro . 
  also because cologne is so small , compact and cheaper , i 'm actually walking distance from good stuff , whereas munich felt massive by comparison , almost an hour to walk into the centre even though i was only about 8 u-bahn stops out from the centre . 
  so pros and cons i guess !, 
  munich always felt a bit unreal to me , like it was made of cakes and sweeties , whereas k\u00f6ln feels like a dirty old town , much more like england and i do feel like you can blend in here more readily . 
  you sound like you need a cup of a tea and nice sit down :  we already conquered the world once , we 'll leave space to the young upstarts . 
  meh i did n't mind the nightlife in munich so much , i mostly stayed in schwabing and maxvorstadt though , occasionally ventured into sendlinger tor , i found as long as you went were the students went it was fine , just stay the fuck away from the big nightclubs on sonnenstrasse and the tourist traps in the centre . 
  tourists were annoying as hell , clogging the escalators , milling around marienplatz with their selfie sticks . 
  i tell you what though , the d\u00f6ner is a fuck load better here , you also have a fair few holl\u00e4ndisches essen places , and they 're fantastic for me because they 're about as close as i can get to fish and chips in germany ( albeit substituting the fish for frikandel or chicken strips or smthg ) . 
  as for the d\u00f6ner , man you 've got options , gyro , lebanese , lamm , bavaria really needs to up its d\u00f6ner game . 
  what are your feelings on huey lewis and the news ? 
  that 's because many seminal papers on the topic also used the colour red , and this resulted in it becoming the sort of go to colour on philosophy papers . 
  also , red is a prime colour , so you do n't get some idiot student standing up and saying '' * actually * you 'll find that purple is a mixture of red and blue '' , as if that mattered , also red is only three letters long . 
  no worries , it 's tough , but it 's nowhere near as tough as your mind will convince you it 'll be before you actually do it . 
  haha well at least you 're rewarding them for coming up with an idea in a way . 
  the fact that kids come up with these things really shows that 1 . you do n't need to be mature to think philosophically and 2 . philosophical questions actually start incredibly simple . 
  the danger is that you can take a genius with a sky high iq sit him down to spend his whole life thinking about them and he 'll never come up with a definitive answer . 
  fine , where did all the welsh and english americans go ? 
  there should be vast numbers of them , especially the english . 
  we literally see more irish americans than people in ireland , yet england with its historically larger population is woefully underrepresented . 
  * grumble * should have used a condom, 
  it was obviously an elaborate ruse to acquire tea , as was the entire british empire . 
  purge the heretic, 
  so what do you say to all those people from scotland , who were born and raised there , but never wear kilts , take no interest in folk tales or traditions , have english surnames , and think bagpipes sound like an animal dying . 
  are they somehow less scottish because they do n't try to emulate the cultural tradition that was historically relevant in that country ? 
  my point is that no amount of cultural emulation will make you scottish . 
  it 's not the traditions , signification , or behaviour that makes one scottish . 
  it 's only being born and raised in scotland , on scottish soil , living and working amongst scottish people that can make you scottish . 
  that black guy who grew up in edinburgh whose parents moved there in the 60s , he 's scottish . 
  you 're a bunch of canadians wearing kilts . 
  i do n't think there 's anything wrong with that , but that 's how we define nationality . 
  coke should n't taste nice , a petroleum taste is quite a common description , however it should n't hurt the nose . 
  mdma on the other hand should burn on the way up , and has a taste like very strong and chemically aniseed . 
  at least that 's what i 've ... er ... read  . , 
  no , if everyone was allowed to create money it would either fuck up the economy because they 'd all be printing whatever they felt like , or it would the same as currently because it was all be controlled and regulated so only a certain amount could be printed . 
  inflation has literally created the modern world . 
  if we did n't print money the economy would be vastly more stagnant , economic growth would be minuscule since there would be no incentive for rich people to do anything but lock their money in a vault . 
  inflation means that money can not sit still , when you bank you money it 's invested into something else . 
  back before fiat currency there was very little credit available , and there was little economic mobility . 
  actually increasing over time is one of the worst things for economic productivity . 
  why invest when you can keep your money under the bed and it increases in value ? 
  your savings already increase in value , interest rates should be higher than inflation under good economic circumstances . 
  it does n't matter whether the materials and labour are there , what matters the motivation to put them to use . 
  the economic system is all about incentivising individuals in the right way . 
  wealth is not generated out of `` thin air '' , and a fiat money system is not the same as merely `` printing money '' . 
  this is exactly the kind of thing that economically illiterate conspiracy theorists spread around the internet , and dupe gullible fools into subscribing to . 
  let me explain to you how money is created in the ideal scenario . 
  money is created through borrowing money , when you take out a loan , the value of the money you borrow is generated by your promise to pay back the debt including interest . 
  it is in a sense your motivation , to use this money to make more , that gives the money its value . 
  the value of a dollar is literally the fact that for every dollar in existence , there is someone out there willing to do a dollar + a bit 's worth of economic activity to pay it back . 
  in an ideal world , all the money lent out would be paid back in full with interest . 
  but how can there be a enough money to back all the debt , i hear you asking . 
  this is simple , because the generation of wealth and money is a constant process , and debts factor in the time between the borrowing and the repayment ( which is what the interest pays for ) , there should always be a greater pool of money available at the repayment date , than there is at the borrowing date . 
  of course we do not live in an ideal world , and people default on debts . 
  however , provided the banks win more than they lose then it 's no big deal bad debt is written off , and the cost of this is calculated to the interest rates the banks lend your money out at . 
  so fiat money is not `` thin air '' , it 's not backed by nothing , it 's back by a cold hard willingness of economically active individuals to pay the money back plus more money . 
  the fault with this system is when you have crashes , when something goes wrong and people stop borrowing or the banks stop lending . 
  when this happens there can not be sufficient money to pay all the created money back . 
  this is what happens in an economic crash or recession . 
  it results in a currency devaluing , people whose money has not been valued , no longer trust that a dollar is really worth what is was worth before , and the dollar is worth less against other currencies . 
  however , as long as we avoid recessions then we 're not printing money , we 're creating money directly in proportion with the quantity of new wealth that is being created by the economy ( economic growth ) . 
  the system is one of exponential growth , say the economy grows steadily at a rate 2 % , this means year 1 is 2 % larger than before , but year two is 2 % larger than year 1 and so on . 
  this growth simply can not function without inflation . 
  inflation means that rich people have to invest their money into something if they do n't want to lose money , this money then goes back into the system , and is lent to people who will use it to ( hopefully ) generate more wealth in the future . 
  if you have a system whereby the value of money increases , people will no longer need to keep their money moving . 
  when you invest in literally anything , that money is used within the economy productively . 
  when money is sitting under people 's mattresses then you 're fucked , growth slows , new money is n't created , and we go into recession . 
  i hate to say but the economy is n't about what 's best for you , a potential saver , i 'm sure you 'd think it pretty neat if all you had to do was hide money away for a few years and you 'd take it out finding it was worth more than when you started . 
  however , from a macro perspective , it 's actually better for everyone when the money keeps moving and the growth continues . 
  you 'd actually find that you the saver , with your appreciating money , would still be worse off under this situation , as the economy would no longer be as productive and therefore the price of goods and services would go up more than the appreciation of your currency would gain you . 
  it would also ruin entrepreneurship ( due to lack of available capital ) , innovation ( the only things anyone would invest in would be safe as houses ) , and social mobility ( due to the entrepreneurship being minimal ) . 
  do not listen to those idiots that talk about gold standards or how the fed is a big conspiracy . 
  there 's no a single serious economist in the world who believes that shit . 
  economists differ on the degree to which they think the economy should expand , how much new money you be generated , and how fast the money should move around . 
  some think that a boom and bust cycle is inevitable , and therefore we should just continue to generate money even in a recession , let the currency devalue , and try to power through to the next boom , stretching out the boom and speeding through the bust . 
  others think that we should play it safe as possible , limit the economic growth , and try to keep the economy as even as possible . 
  however , not a single one thinks that we need to go back to some antiquated model of wealth . 
  it is literally the reason why we have so much more goods and services available to us than they did in the early 1900s . 
  what do you think happens to the money you use to by treasury bonds ? 
  it does n't just go in a vault somewhere waiting for you to claim it , it is economically active , otherwise they would n't have a way to pay you a return on your treasury bond investment . 
   people would still invest in business ventures , if the venture was likely to beat deflation . 
  yes some people would , because they 'd get more return on their investments than their money would appreciate sitting under their bed . 
  however , they 'd be far more cautious with it . 
  why risk your money in an investment if you know it will go up , people would only invest in things either promising massive returns or offering virtually no risk whatsoever . 
  a huge % of the economy would n't be getting invested . 
  this would mean far less economic growth , far less economic activity , and we would n't enjoy the degree of economic movement we do today . 
  getting a loan would be hard , entrepreneurship would decline , companies would be less aggressive in their pursuit of profits , and ultimately the cost of goods and services would be higher . 
  [ please read my other post for further explanation ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/facepalm/comments/4p8w5s/thats_not_how_any_of_this_works/d4jimng ), 
  `` professional eurocrat '' has a nice derogatory ring to it :p, 
  i find that hard to believe , this is the country that is happy to drink k\u00f6lsch kola ( beer and coke ) , mixeys ( 25 % energy drink + 75 % beer ) , mezzomix ( fanta + coke ) , and a whole range of weird and wonderful spezis .
