   water is a basic human right , yes . 
  free tap water on your table in a restaurant is not a human right . 
  do n't be retarded . 
  nobody is stopping your filling up your glass or a bottle from the tap or visiting a public water fountain , it 's just not expected of restaurants to facilitate it under normal circumstances . 
   in the context of restaurants , they are pretty much the same as napkins as far as `` rights '' go . 
  yeah , the redstaurant would sa ve money if they did n't have napkins , but it 's just normal customer service to offer them anyway . 
  what do you not get about this ? 
  it 's normal to give out water in your culture . 
  not in everyone 's culture . 
  stop inflicting your expectations on other people . 
   why are you so butthurt . 
  i 'm just saying it happens in finland , not that finland is better than germany because of it . 
  easy on the victim complex now ... you are throewing a hissyfit over wanting to pay for water . 
  where am i butthurt ? 
  you 're the one to point blank refuses to accept there might be reasons why in some places the expectation of free tap water with meals is not prevalent . 
  i posted that because your free refills point was totally irrelevant , but again free refills in fast food places is another example of cultural differences dictating whether or not it 's actually profitable for businesses to do these things . 
  what you 're doing , and what americans do , is impose their values onto another society . 
  just because you believe you deserve free tap water in restaurants , free toilets in train/service stations , free refills in fast food places , does n't mean it is the case everywhere . 
  all these things you are paying for , just indirectly ... you actually deserve them , you are just accustomed to having them included in your purchases . 
  acting like you 're been short changed because what you expect at home is n't the case elsewhere is really fucking ignorant . 
  you 're the one acting like a child . 
   by that logic , restaurants should n't offer free bread or toilets or chairs either . 
  no i 've already explained why these are not the same . 
   would your life really be happier if restaurants provided absolutely nothing that `` eats their profits '' ? 
  what about tables or forks ? 
  depends what i wanted to for , what that sounds like now is a shop . 
   in an idealistic situation maybe , but not in the real world . 
  again why do yoiu want to pay for water insted of gettiing it for free ? 
  keep saying it 's not the real world like it 's true , i disagree . 
  it is the real world . 
   and no , they ca n't just raise prizes of food because they allegedly sell less booze . 
  price competition doers n't work that way . 
  actually it does . 
  cut backs or additional money have to made somewhere or else the business will fail . 
   yes ? 
  my culture also happens to be in europe . 
  what 's your point ? 
  what 's your point . 
  where did i say this was about all of europe . 
  free water is also a thing in the uk ? 
  i 'm talking about specific cultures not the whole of europe . 
   irrelevant . 
  i do n't give a shit what is normal in your shitty german shit restaurants . 
  who 's being a butt hurt child now ? 
  all german restaurants are shitty are they ? 
  wow real grown up argument . 
   i 'm not imposing anything . 
  you can keep paying $ 2,50 for your shitty water just fine . 
  i was just saying that it 's not like that everywhewre in europe . 
  i never said it was . 
   indeed , which has been my point all along . 
  i said it 's not like that in finland , and then you throw a hissyfit about how it is so in germany . 
  i never said anything about germany . 
  can you not see how all of europe is not like germany ? 
  is it that hard to accept ? 
  you 're the one who is saying that there 's something wrong with no free water . 
  you 're an idiot , sort yourself out . 
  god damn you 're a dumb fuck . 
   `` in europe things are like this . '', 
  except my first response to you starts `` in germany '' and notes `` in the uk you can not legally deny someone tap water either '' ... clearly i was saying the whole of europe . 
   omg stop imposing your views !, 
  help i 'm being oppressed , by a big bad finnish water meanie !!!!, 
  muh profit margins !!!!, 
  free water will make business fail !!!!, 
  no i did n't say anything like that . 
  however you had some gems like, 
   it 's just common fucking customer service . 
   why ?!?!?!? 
  what is so goddamn hard about water ? 
   sorrry , but to suggest that the level of customer service in finland is `` entitlement '' is pretty hilarious ... bk has free soda refills as well , btw ... 
  like i said i do n't give a fuck whether one country wants to make water available by law or does n't have it a cultural norm to be given free jugs of tap water with your meal . 
  however i at least understand there are two sides to the argument . 
  do n't however come to country where that is n't the norm and bitch about it like a xenophobic prick about how your entitled to free water jugs like a prick . 
  you seem like a prick since you are unable to fathom that some countries might do it differently . 
   the quality of customer service is tenfold what it is in the uk . 
  if by that you mean fake smiles , `` how 's it going `` s and some cunt interrupting your meal every 10 minutes to ask if everything is all right with it . 
  all the while hoping you 'll finish your meal within a 45 minute slot so they can get the next lot in . 
  seriously tipping is hard . 
  in the uk i 'd always tip my hairdresser but in germany they looked at me like i was a crazy anglo when i did it . 
  do n't go to ravenholm !, 
  i know this is a joke , but there will come a time when the kids being born now are in their mid twenties when it could easily be true . 
   noah webster wrote the first dictionary, 
  samuel johnson wants a word . 
   the us does not allow any foreign powers to base in the western hemisphere , much less russia . 
  british bases in the falklands and canada ... 
  she was already dead . 
  [ he did write a song called `` lick me in my arse '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nyrrujzsrxe ), 
  how is that accent affected ? 
  the guy speaks with his own accent . 
  tonnes of people sound like him in parts of the british asian community . 
  maybe that was what i was meant to do , i did it restaurant style and they seemed bemused . 
  lol just realised you 're the guy who does n't want to send his tenants letters to help them out . 
  how 's things working out ? 
  at least we have our own language . 
  well my german landlord recently offered to come round just to change a light bulb for me !, 
  glad i 've got him and not you !, 
  haha i 've also forgotten what that was all about . 
  maybe he 's a just a super nice guy !, 
  to fair it was a tricky lamp built into the wall and he 's probably worried that i 'd fuck it up or something . 
  no cunt .
