  personally i 'm all for monetising the royal family as much as possible . 
  make sure the money they get from their holdings is really needed and that the value it creates is due to their presence . 
  but i do n't see the point of the purely ideological argument to get rid of them . 
  except the brits did n't drop it . 
  you can hear it all over the united kingdom in casual speech and regional dialects . 
  it 's probably just a bit more highly stigmatised in the uk and is thus avoided outside of certain contexts . 
  it 's a british originated word and it 's still used in britain . 
  it 's just considered `` improper '' and therefore is n't used in formal contexts . 
  it might sound `` americany '' to you , but that 's only because you have n't been exposed to it in other dialects . 
  go to poorer urban communities in the uk and you 'll find it 's quite popular . 
  why are these names considered trashy ? 
  are they non-traditional or what ? 
  sorry i do n't know what a traditional dutch name sounds like . 
  i like how the japanese version has had its art style tweaked to bring it more in line with conventional anime . 
  yeah of course , but priscilla does n't sound dutch to me , i was wondering if that was a factor ? 
  yeah i get that . 
  but i know in many countries its english / american sounding names that are n't native to the language that get the most negativity . 
  for example , kevin in germany is mocked a low class name unless that person is actually from a country where kevin is a regular name . 
  it got popular when home alone came out , the general stereotype being that while working class people probably only have a limited grasp of english , they take a great interest in hollywood celebrities , and thus fixate on their anglo names . 
  sjonnie looked like at an attempt at rendering `` johnny '' into a foreign orthography so i guess it 's as i expected . 
  thanks for clearing that up . 
  this is obviously something that is foreign in anglo cultures themselves . 
  it also differs from country to country , for example many popular names from the us sound trashy in the uk . 
  some traditional names even end up sounding trashy because they 're so popular that they lose social capital . 
  you know the english sound `` j '' is just a - d and a french - j put together right ? 
  probably just saying it like germans say `` dschungel '' i guess . 
  which to me sounds like tzjungel . 
  it 's not a sound native to german or dutch . 
  now you know how british people feel when talking to americans . 
  ouch . 
  damn wind turbans . 
  my plot to turn your stereotyping of a whole community of english speakers as stupid back on you has been foiled . 
  sadly , repair as a secondary industry has become virtually obsolete when compared with the past . 
  it 's not just to do with things being disposable , but when how much technology these days is really only handled by manufacturing recycling broken parts and basically providing a replacement . 
  there was a time when it took a really skilled craftsman who would 've been able to replace every single mechanism in your watch , phone , clock etc. 
  but now it 's really not how things are done . 
  i though transmutation only temporarily transfigured something into something else ? 
  i assumed buildings still needed materials . 
  hogwarts is based on the traditional british boarding school in many respects , in fact i 'd wager a lot of readers all over the world do n't appreciate how many of the ideas , like the boarding `` houses '' , the whole school being made to watch or play sports on a saturday morning , getting post in the morning , separate bathrooms for prefects etc. 
  are lifted wholesale from clich\u00e9s about this elite educational culture . 
  in real world british boarding schools the kids typically eat a lot , and what they 're given is often hearty stodge , but they 're no fatter than average because of the borderline abusive amount of sport they 're expected to do . 
  that said , all the wizards seem to do for sport is fly around on broomsticks which does n't seem like amazing cardio . 
  without a doubt the medical care imo . 
  you never hear of a wizard having a cold , or chronic pain , or getting the runs do you ? 
  nope they only seem to ever suffer from physical injury or magic induced sickness . 
  i assume they can just magic their way to wellness in a way that modern medicine could only dream of . 
  they do n't go to muggle school , that 's for certain , because they do n't know fuck all about the real world . 
  guess they 're homeschooled . 
  the wizard world in many ways really kinda backwards and old fashioned really . 
   alcool every weekend starting age 13 . 
  that 's just pretty much a normal british education . 
  lol . 
  lots of these schools are based around sport . 
  if you do n't like it doing up to 2 hours sport a day is n't that fun . 
  especially given you 're like 11 . 
  point is it 's mandatory . 
  you sound uptight . 
  public schools are a limited group of elite schools that are open to the public because they have no mandatory religious requirements . 
  private school is any school that is run by private interests and cost money . 
  state schools are owned and operated by the state . 
  depends on when and where you went . 
  being made to run 5 miles in pouring rain when you 're 12 is n't fun . 
  it might sound crazy but i think in the uk we do multiculturalism and pluralistic living better than anywhere in many ways . 
  there really is a sense of fairness to british culture that , while a somewhat harsh , apathetic , and cynical type of fairness , is lacking from other countries i 've lived in . 
  it 's a fairness based out of not giving a fuck what the other people are doing or feeling the need to include everyone in everything culturally . 
  i 've lived in europe in big cities with plenty of ethnic diversity and what struck me is how monocultural it can sometimes feels compared to britain 's sprawling urban centres . 
  british cities feel truly international in a way that is n't just about having island of foreign identity within a sea of dominant culture . 
  that sense of complete internationalism is hard to find even in culture capitals like berlin . 
  perhaps it 's a reflection of britain 's fractured history , on grounds of both class and nationality . 
  i think in someways britain really does try to embody globalism in a much more honest way than many european nations . 
  for example , with eu migration we really did open up our job markets to the world . 
  while other countries timidly regulated and looked foremost to embrace the rules of freedom of movement , i think britain really embraced its spirit . 
  in other countries you 'll struggle to find a job without the specific qualifications demanded by their educational system or an exact equivalent . 
  you 'd also struggle to find someone willing to rent you even the crappiest 1 bedroom flat . 
  i think in the uk we actually facilitated newcomers more effectively . 
  sadly , that seems to have backfired with brexit , but that 's a different story . 
  it 's economically illiterate propaganda . 
  neither `` money '' nor `` currency '' , and the distinction he makes between the two is false , is made out of nowhere . 
  he 's pushing a luddite understanding of economics that we left behind in the 19th century . 
  if you want to understand how currency is created then do n't start with someone who alleges banks write blank checks or that they 're making money out of thin air . 
  it 's the illusion that value is something objective , rather than a product of human need , that leads people down these stupid conspiratorial paths . 
  for example , government bonds are a fantastic method of money creation because when people have faith enough to buy bonds it indicates general faith that those bonds will be repaid and that their real value , in terms of goods and services , will be greater when the bond expires than when they purchased it . 
  when people do n't buy bonds and you create money without that backing you simply create inflation , but even inflation is n't inherently bad . 
  without inflation money would become more valuable as time passed , there would be no incentive to invest and revitalise the system that puts food on your table and keeps the society around you running : rich people would stay rich and the poor would stay poor . 
  our whole economic system is optimised to keep capital available to people who are going to generate real value by changing how things are done , saving resources and freeing up resource to go elsewhere . 
  the banks provide value by taking on risk , and are rewarded when they do it correctly , and suffer when they do it wrong . 
  what banks do is actually a very valuable skill in a modern economy . 
  luddites , however , are only able to understand goods and consumables has having inherent value and fail to see how the skill of distributing capital is of just as much value as building a house or growing grain to make bread . 
  this video is philosophical idiocy pushed by far right libertarians nutjobs that want to go back to a barter society . 
  yeah there was a lot of derivative stuff in there . 
  it 's also full of clich\u00e9s from young adult fiction . 
  the protagonist being the `` chosen one '' despite initially low self-esteem and a humble origin , the tyrannical tiered society based along nepotistic grounds , with a touch eugenics so you can really hate the baddies . 
  pair that with a very typical 1950s-esque children 's `` mystery novel '' ; a group of friends solving a crime or strange occurance in their local community while the adults remain oblivious . 
  throw in a touch of `` goodbye mr chips '' type nostalgia for the a long gone idealised british private educational institution and you 've got yourself a winning formulae . 
  i ca n't deny that even as a kid whenever i read rowling 's long descriptions of meals and feasts that could n't stop thinking of `` bread and butter with lashings of ginger beer '' ( although blyton never actually wrote that ) . 
  that said , you ca n't deny that rowling wrote herself an incredibly successful series mostly on the strength of her world building . 
  i do n't think there have been many novels that so successful built a fantasy inside the real world making it both relatable and fantastical in equal measure . 
  even stuff like chronicles of narnia do n't really entwine worlds like that . 
  by mixing the two she encouraged a whole generation of kids to read fantasy type stories who normally would n't have done . 
  grammar is fine .
