  however since the 80s thebritish right wing has gained more influence by pointing at american economic success and going let 's be more like them , which lead to more privatisation . 
  the us is now struggling to catch up with europe in terms of social welfare because it 's never been that socialised and many see those european ideals as foreign and against american morality . 
  the us is has always privatised and pro-free market and has never been big socialism lovers , although it was still more left wing in the past than it was to day , a fact it 's pretty much managed to delete from the average republican 's memory . 
  the uk is quite torn between the other countries in the eu who tend to be more to the left and pro-nationalised industry and the us who like the free market . 
  no i just mean a cheese sandwich, 
  exactly all the gangsta accents are from foreigners or ebonics , the actual american accent just makes you sound quite effeminate , which is why all the white kids are faking being black . 
  maybe the eu banks as whole but not the city of london . 
  in britain we actually call it `` the french goodbye '' but whatever !, 
  everyone is really cruel to each other , but at the same time when it matters they help each other out provided you 've proved that normally you can take . 
  it 's just a tribal instinctive attitude for weeding out weakness , in modern society it 's acceptable to show weakness , in but an all male public school environment it 's not permitted . 
  i do n't know if it 's better but it kind of works , it teaches you to be thick skinned and independent , teaches you not to go off crying for sympathy when things are tough , you 've got to be strong man up and face life head on , it can also form strong bonds with your classmates because of the shit you 've been through together . 
  it 's weird because real life is n't like this and most people are used to having support around them , but the british public school system is a legacy of a bygone age designed to turn out the hard nosed leaders of society . 
  yes inbreeding , what with living in a historically highly populated centre of culture , the colonists who formed small cultures and went west however ... 
  you 're talking pure shit mate , i love how some of you colonials will bend reality to deal with your inadequacies . 
  if your british eggs are `` watery '' buy better eggs , it 's nothing to do with not washing them . 
  furthermore , unwashed eggs last and are fresh far longer than washed one . 
  bird faeces * is incredibly rare , completely harmless , and not a problem is you 're not retarded and can avoid shell in your food . 
  the only reason you do n't do this in the states is because you industry does n't want to pay to change over as well the vaccine panic present in your population , despite that fact it kills far more people a year . 
  take your plastic colonial germphobia back to the states would you ? 
  not really to do with being `` alpha '' , it was to do with being expected to fight in wars , make hard decisions and take responsibility , something of which most people are currently incapable . 
  yes great thanks for the input , if you had n't noticed most of this generation are bunch of useless idiots who find ways to miserable despite having the best living conditions of any generation ever . 
  like i said , it was n't about bullying , everyone at school was close and when you need help they were there for you . 
  this generation is mostly the opposite , concerned and kind to each others faces but when aid is really needed they flounce and do n't want to give each other any time . 
  wow , i just looked at your post history . 
  basically you 're suffering from delusions because you ca n't come to terms with being in another culture so you decide to see things that are n't real and make generalisations reinforcing false stereotypes to maintain the bullshit beliefs about your national superiority you 've been indoctrinated with throughout childhood . 
  i mean seriously are you so retarded you think toilets work on water pressure . 
  you are the worst kind of expat , if it 's so bad please fuck off back to your own equally if not more fucked up nation and never grace europe 's fair shores ever again . 
  there you can idolise your shitty practices and supposedly superior food we wo n't have to hear your whining about problems you find that only exist in your head . 
  seriously as an expat who 's lived in multiple countries myself i come across your type relatively often and you are a fucking despicable people , living in another 's country just to pass judgement about the superiority of your own . 
  it 's all `` people in this country have no taste '' `` the infrastructure is inferior '' `` the plumbing sucks '' `` people in this country only are n't angry about these things because they 've never experience the cultural superiority of my homeland '' `` the food is so bad '' `` why ca n't i get this brand '' `` why do n't they do this the same as back home '' `` people here are rude '' , from experience i can tell you that you exist in all countries but fucking yanks are worst culprits . 
  please for the love of god , sort your reality out or fuck off home and live your meaningless life out in smug delusion regaling people about how shit the rest of the world is . 
  i mean seriously quit your generalisations , tesco 's carries multiple types of eggs from all over , if that does n't work try waitrose , try the farmer 's market . 
  do n't like the public transport go back to the us where there is n't any ? 
  guess what i 've been to places in the us where they do n't even have fucking toilet seats and there 's 2 inch gap between toilet doors ? 
  i guess the us just has shit standards right ? 
  i could n't even get a fizzy drink with real sugar in it ? 
  what is this barbarism , why is us culture so weird ? 
  i wanted to go for a walk across down but i could n't because there were whole areas where white people were advised not to go ? 
  was n't even a major city ? 
  weird right ? 
  i needed a tenuous shot at one point and they charged me 800 dollars ? 
  what is this ? 
  do n't americans know how to function as a society ? 
  i wanted sorbet in the supermarket and they did n't even know what it was ? 
  this is exactly the kind of shit you 're talking about in the uk and it 's complete bullshit , learn to not be a whiner or fuck off home , do n't be `` that '' expat . 
  come now it was just a joke . 
  meh it 's more to do with certain types of whining expat to be honest . 
  the one 's that like to make false generalisations and feel superior . 
  they rent a flat with bad plumbing and it becomes `` people in this country do n't know about good plumbing '' , they rent with slobbish flatmates and then it 's `` everyone in this country has lower hygiene standards '' and so on . 
  i see it in the expat community all the time . 
  it think it 's some kind of primitive ego protection some people fall into once the honeymoon phase of being in a new country wears off , they are just desperately looking for inadequacies to justify why their own national psyche is so much better and why they 're different . 
  i 'm sorry but these are n't observations or opinions , they are fabrications of your deluded mind . 
  sure everyone knows about the dual tap system fine , that is a known and valid difference . 
  but your posts about not rinsing dishes is just `` i know a couple of people who are lazy with dishes therefore everyone in the uk does n't know how to wash dishes hygienically '' , your posts about eggs are nothing more than `` i did n't like some brand of eggs i tried therefore eggs in the uk are worse '' ( ironic that you blame the process of washing eggs , but at the same time say it 's unique to the uk when most the world uses our system , logic right ? ) . 
  you simply use confirmation bias and a subconscious belief in the superiority of another country to generate stereotypes that are n't shared by anyone bar yourself . 
  why do n't you tell the thousands of people a year in the us suffering salmonella poisoning how superior the practice of washing eggs is . 
  changing a whole industry 's practices and making an industry of unnecessary refrigeration obsolete is far more expensive than joining the first worst using vaccinations . 
  i know you think you are being objective making observations but you 're not . 
  you are suffering from expat syndrome where you invent problems that do n't exist to try and to score one for the home nation , if any of these things were true they would be well known in the expat community like the fact that the british use dual taps and the germans rent flat 's without installed kitchens , your personal `` observations '' however are meaningless bullshit which is why you are getting downvoted . 
  there are plenty of poor practices in the uk , and they are well known by the british public , if you mention them you 'll be met with nodding agreement and sympathy . 
  what we do n't like is expats who `` find '' problems that do n't exist , and trust me there are plenty of them who do this , supposing that only they in their superior position of cultural comparison and see them and everyone else is simply unfortunately ignorant of how much better practices exist elsewhere . 
  you are the latter , your beliefs about most things are shared by no one including the hundreds of thousands of expats in the uk . 
  you 're suffering neuroses of the highest order i 'm afraid , nobody cares about your completely unfounded beliefs and you should keep them to yourself . 
  mostly i found valid points , which yours were not , yours were the typical whining of an ignorant expat who fabricates problems shared by no one . 
  i see this in the expat community all the time , `` waa waa the bacon tastes different '' `` waa waa the soap smells funny '' `` waa waa i ca n't get tap water in restaurants '' it 's pathetic and indicative that someone is integrating but just collecting reasons why you 'll eventually move back to their country of origin . 
  fyi, 
   a run-on is a sentence in which two or more independent clauses are joined without appropriate punctuation or conjunction ... 
  a run-on sentence is not just a long sentence, 
  have you read my post history ? 
  apart from responding to a few trolls it 's mostly quite constructive . 
  a lot of bullshit misinformation in this thread but whatever it 's not my problem . 
  anyway this discussion is getting nowhere , your opinion on british agriculture is bullshit but i ca n't change your mind , if you care to looks you 'll find numerous sources extolling the quality of european eggs over flavourless american ones that lose their nutrients through the porous membrane of a washed shell , frankly i think you 're just being a typical whining expat , the kind i have to put up with endlessly on the continent but whatever , have a nice life . 
  it 's not rum , there 's a different sound for that , it 's room , but the - oo is the sound you make saying book or took rather than buck or tuck . 
  `` et '' for ate is the original pronunciation as said by the queen . 
  i think it 's because it 's a germanic word , which would 've been pronounced et-tuh , like the german esse ( pronounced ess-suh ) , and then the ending was dropped . 
  the short - a sound in english was much like the german \u00e4 sound , which is just like the short - e in the english word `` set '' or `` bet '' , the word cat used to sound like ket . 
  ate was one of those words used so frequently it retained its original pronunciation . 
  ate to rhyme with eight is a relatively new phenomena ( 20th century ) and comes from people interpreting it phonetically with the - e on the end changing the `` ah '' sound to the diphthong `` ay '' . 
  it 's about having refined standards for language , call each thing by a proper name . 
  sure they understand you , but they want you to use the proper language so you do n't make a fool of yourself . 
  do n't worry i feel sorry for you , as i feel sorry for all the expats who actively rectify problems when they 're separated from their precious homeland . 
  here in germany you should hear how they whinge about the german toilets with their small u-bends and inspection shelves , it 's really sad . 
  they have a couple bad meals and never give the idea that all german food is terrible , and off course they are convinced that germans simply not know any better and have n't seen the light of an anglicised lavatory , just as you are in regards british plumbing , water pressure , dish washing , food and so forth , it 's truly tragic . 
  a disturbing and health endangering fact i find is that the motorway is a really emotionally depressing place ( highway for you foreigners ) , there 's something so bleak about it and you ca n't afford to start feeling bad so naturally your scumbag brain makes you feel awful . 
  maybe it 's something to do with having to keep focused on the road whilst subconsciously the rest of your brain can drift wherever it wants . 
  after every bad break up i 've had long solitary motorway driving was always the worst place to be . 
  i 'm sorry but what planet are you living on ? 
  there are plenty of negative things about the uk , you 'll find them at the top of the thread upvoted because they are true . 
  i just know what you 've said to be bullshit , i have n't personally attacked you except in saying you 're wrong and that your beliefs about many things in the uk are n't anything to do with reality but to do with your own neuroses , since they can not possibly come from reality as there is no basis to them . 
  this happens to expats all the time , when they leave their country of origin they 've idealised a place into some kind of ideal form , a place where they 'll finally find happiness and fit in . 
  when they get here and it 's not as expected the psychology reverses , their memories of home become idealised and they project negativity onto the place where they live . 
  this is the only explanation for your believing the ridiculous things you do about the uk , not to mention your confirmation bias with such bullshit as `` my flatmates do n't rinse their dishes therefore nobody does '' , `` my toilet has a weak flush therefore the uk does n't have proper toilets '' , `` my house had bad water pressure therefore brits do n't know the meaning of good water pressure '' , it 's outrageous confirmation bias that could only be perpetrated by someone with an ulterior agenda . 
  i lived in the uk for 25 years and i can tell you 100 % of the time the following is true : the quality of the eggs depends on their source , the absence of washing actually helps of the flavour as any good chef will tell you . 
  the quality of the water pressure depends on your location as well as your plumbing . 
  the quality of flush depends on the quality and model of your toilet . 
  whether someone rinses their dishes depends on how they were brought up and their standards for hygiene most ( grown-ups at least who are n't of the war generation ) rinsing under the hot tap . 
  whether the supermarket is always running out of stock entirely depends on the individual supermarket you use . 
  there is no question that these are facts , and the fact you frame them into national stereotypes is where your expat neuroses are kicking in , instead of taking your experiences as individual experiences and nothing more , you generalise and it 's utter bullshit . 
  if any of these things were true they 'd be high in the thread confirmed by swathes of people . 
  i have n't attacked you personally at all , just your misguided beliefs you 've developed in however many years you 've been living in the uk .
