  omissions can happen for a number of reasons , laziness , forgetfulness , not seeing the information as relevant . 
  the fact that some point was omitted does not impact on whether that point is or is n't damning , that 's pure nonsense . 
  now i 've addressed the point , not omitted it , and i 've said why it 's not damning . 
  it 's no more damning than saying `` we 're going to paint the town red '' is any more damning evidence of someone 's intention to commit vandalism . 
  now please tell me why whichever authority arrested these two holidaymakers could n't have used a bit of common sense in their interpretation of the tweet . 
  tell it to the daily mail , paedophilia and grooming been going on forever and it 's only these days you 're fortunate to hear about it . 
  sharia courts only exist because the parties agree to be arbitrated by them , which is their right as individuals , that does n't mean anyone is subject to sharia law to does n't want to be . 
  load of bloody sensationalism is what it is ... 
  i 'm sorry but flying over a war zone outside of the eu is not the same as flying around the rest of the eu . 
  no russian planes have entered sovereign airspace , flying anywhere in the eu is not remotely scary right now at all . 
  stop being a sensationalist . 
  i 'm sorry but you sound like a conspiracy theorist , and it 's fucking nuts . 
  nobody is saying the russian army is invading the ukraine literally . 
  time for some real talk . 
  here 's what 's really happening . 
  ukraine has up until a few years ago been russia 's puppet government . 
  after the fall of the ussr we forced the eastern bloc to be divided into many of the countries that it was before the whole big stupid ussr came into existence . 
  however it did n't take long for the power hungry russians filling the gap after the fall of ussr started trying to influence things outside official russian borders . 
  examples of this are ukraine and belarus . 
  now assisted by the west to some degree ukraine started to drop support of russia and wanted to become part of the eu . 
  and so fucking what ? 
  that 's their right as a country that is n't part of russia to decide where their allegiance lies , they had a coup because they do n't want to be with russia any more . 
  and who can fucking blame them , russia is poor and backwards socially , countries in the eu are enjoying more freedoms and commercial benefits than they have ever had before joining , as well as more financial , political and physical security . 
  it 's perfectly natural ukraine wants to be with the eu like its neighbours and not with shitty poor man of europe russia . 
  but the russian power crazed idiots , people who are barely better than criminals , were n't happy and started their own propaganda campaign in the far east of ukraine where the most russian sympathies lay due to a shared language and closer cultural ties . 
  russia imported `` volunteers soldiers '' who were probably `` persuaded '' with money to be so , and gave them equipment . 
  the crimea is a very valuable area and russia did n't want to lose their puppet state so they 've funded and added troops who pretend to act of their own volition to support a rebellion against the newly rising anti-russian government of ukraine . 
  nobody wants to break up russia , all we want is for you to sit the fuck down , stop pretending you 're a strong nation , stop causing political incidents with your outdated military and to destroy all your nukes ok . then you can get down the business of playing by the rules like a normal country and produce and export things to strengthen your economy and built up a happy non-militaristic society . 
  the thing you 've got to learn is russia is a shit country , you are poor as fuck , your police can be bribed with 5 dollars , your politicans are corrupt , your mafia is everywhere , you have murders and rapes by the bucket load and generally things have n't changed there since the 80s . 
  nobody supports you , not even ukraine , only a few deluded idiots near the border who think they are still russian because they watch russian tv . 
  that 's about all there is to it . 
  oh and how many of the paedophile scandals were ignored by the prior tory governments in the 70s and 80s ? 
  so fucking many . 
  furthermore , those courts can only have any influence because the female member of the family says i will abide by its ruling . 
  if a female muslim were due inheritance , and said i do n't want to abide by sharia and took the matter the regular court , she would win . 
  she is not being denied anything . 
  if it was n't for the courts , the muslims would simply settle the matter at the mosque or within their families , which would be even less transparent . 
  nobody is denied their rights under british law by the existence of sharia courts , nobody is forced to submit to them , it makes not a jot of difference . 
  it has benefits though because it brings a degree of transparency about proceeding going within muslim communities and a degree of accountability that did n't exist before . 
  it denies nobody their rights under british law , like i said , stop reading the daily mail ... 
  no it 's not . 
  service charges are n't included in most other countries . 
  if you mean the profit required to pay the staff a fair wage is included than yes , but that 's not really the same . 
  this does work with the right types of bullies though . 
  reddit just glamourises being a tough guy and punching people . 
  if the type of bullying is like trolling , teasing , people winding you up to get a rise out of you , then not giving them that satisfaction is the best thing to do , that 's what ignoring it means . 
  then again if the bully is intimidating you for your lunch money then standing up for yourself is better , unless that bully is part of the blood or crips , in which case moving across the country or just paying is probably wiser . 
  why not add an edit your existing post rather than expect people to do your legwork for you , i cba reading the whole of the thread , and i 'm pretty sure i 'm within my rights to do that jackass !, 
  i did n't say anything of the sort did . 
  i said the types of people who go to australia are often motivated our of racism . 
  i did n't say australia was racist . 
  lighten up . 
  you 're the one wishing it were n't so . 
  sounds like your problem . 
  social experiment *, 
  i will have fun living in the civilised world . 
  you can live in shitty brainwashed nationalistic irrelevant poor as shit russia until the point you collapse again and have to come crawling to the west for help . 
  you 're the dumbass which is why all your previous comments have been downvoted . 
  the truth remains a british couple were arrested and denied entrance to the us because they made a tweet about partying and tweeted a family guy quote . 
  the slang element might add further explanation as to why an incompetent agency might have mistakenly believed it were a threat , but that does alter the truth value of the narrative . 
  i ca n't believe you 're trying to defend these dumbass power tripping agencies who think terrorists are going to outline threats on twitter the day before the put them into action . 
  it 's actually comical in a scary way , as they believe people behave like every bad comic book villain laying out their evil plans the minute before it happens . 
  nope, 
  i personally have to go hide in the shade the moment it hits 20 degrees or i 'm sweating like jimmy saville in a paediatric ward so that would be why . 
  this probably works in the old world too funnily enough . 
  all hats hate their wearers . 
  wow you are super butthurt . 
  try some cream for that . 
  i do n't know why you care . 
  they probably knew this but in english calling an enemy `` skull '' is just a bit clich\u00e9 . 
  i mean maybe in the german version he should be called der kopf des tod , sounds more badass to me . 
  it 's just weird that you ca n't just cross the road where you want some in some countries . 
  if he 's smart he should be able to claim a few thousand in damages . 
  i 'm pretty sure any decent lawyer would be able to claim that was an unreasonable level of in court . 
  lucky that this footage is out there now though . 
  a similar thing happened to my friend but he deserved it even less , all he was doing was having a verbal argument with a bouncer and the bouncer swung at him and broke his jaw . 
  conveniently the nightclub managed to `` lose '' all the cctv footage that night when requested by the police . 
  it 's a tv programme for god 's sake, 
  i do n't think so . 
  it 's a tv programme from the early 90s when these ideas were even less in the public consciousness . 
  it 's a rather simple piece of moral exposition , but if you go back and watch tng then you 'll find a lot of it is . 
  it was a programme of its era , that 's it . 
  it is n't hard science fiction , it 's a popular mainstream programme , a lot of tng stuff is like this . 
  depends if they 've just been down to the local spanish speaking bukaki party . 
  are n't you the special delicate snowflake ... nobody cares ... 
  she 's the low class cheap ass version of paxman a well respected tv journalist known for asking hard hitting questions . 
  however paxman has style and asks the right questions that makes politicians become undone , however this bitch just infuriates people by being insensitive and/or ignorant for some ratings . 
  i was just curious as to why on earth you 'd post telling us all you got car sick from the game . 
  are you trying to insinuate this is a fault on nintendo 's behalf because you feel sick ? 
  millions of people played this game and did n't get motion sickness ... why on earth would be care that you seem to have some strange predisposition towards feeling ill ? 
  get over yourself . 
  twitch.tv when it was still a relatively fresh start up . 
  back then it was relatively knew start up even though personally i had preferred own3d.tv that sadly went under . 
  back then having a thousand viewers was like a massive deal . 
  now it 's worth a billion dollars . 
  minecraft when it was unheard of , thought it looked shit and would n't get anywhere . 
  harry potter books . 
  read the first one when it had n't been out long and was merely a regular averagely successful children 's book , never expected it to become the phenomena it did . 
  mephedrone , or mcat or miow miow , or whatever people called it . 
  used to hang around this forum which had a big section on drugs full of people who loved erowid and other drugs sites .
