  i 'm sorry but you and much of reddit are massively naive , you think the law has this gungho attitude towards vigilante justice which it simply does n't . 
   no you ca n't . 
  someone is attacking you you can use reasonable force to stop them , what is considered reasonable depends on the severity of the attack , if someone comes at you with a knife and you knock them unconscious then fine , if someone throw a punch at you and you smash their head in that 's not fine . 
  if someone is smashing up your car you 'll get away with using some force to some them , for example grabbing them and restraining them . 
  you will not get away with beating them . 
  giving someone a broken nose is not a valid way to stop someone from vandalising your property, 
  earlier i clearly said this . 
  so if you never said anything of the sort what on earth are you disagreeing with me about ? 
  you also said . 
   having beaten people who were fucking with my shit and having the cops say , `` yeah dude , he was fucking with your shit . '', 
  so it 's you who 's changing the narrative mr. 
  i beat people and get away with it . 
  that entirely depends on what you did `` ya dingus '' . 
  if you find someone trying to steal you bike ( i , e fucking with your shit ) , and you break his jaw , you 'll be charged and sentenced simple as , especially if there 's witnesses or video . 
  alright nigel , calm down . 
  i think that 's unfair . 
  it 's not so much that the uk is the golden land for asylum seekers and illegal immigrants , it 's the fact that most these people speak english but not a word of any other european language . 
  they need to find multicultural hubs where they can blend in too . 
  it 's not like paris does n't have fuck loads of them as well , but they 're more often the french speaking africans and arabs . 
  how was my stance anything else but what i said ? 
  go back and reread everything i 've said if you do n't believe me . 
  do n't accuse me of changing my stance when it 's you who started this malarky . 
  same music , which i actually find very funny . 
  that was really funny . 
  it 's understandable though , for example staying was some relatives when i was a kid was more fun than virtually anything , see your cousins , be a big group of kids together . 
  everyday was an adventure . 
  i can see why having that pulled from under you might be disappointing at first . 
  the parents should have said they were going to do something boring , that way they 'd be less unsettled by the change , i 'm sure they had a nice time in the end . 
  i 'd have some of that, 
  and so it begins . 
  olly does n't exist in the books for a start . 
  i 'll spoiler tag the rest of be safe, 
  [ all books ] ( #b `` in the books certain things have n't happened yet . 
  for example we do n't know what 's happened at winterfell yet in the books . 
  jon sends mance rayder , who is n't dead in the books , with some spear wives to pose as singers for the boltons at winterfell . 
  sansa is n't at winterfell in the books , but still in the eyrie , the boltons are actually passing off jeyne poole ( sansa 's childhood friend ) as ayra and they 're wedding ramsay to her to secure their claim to the north , only theon knows the truth of her being a fraud because he grew up with them . 
  the only pov at winterfell is theons and the battle has n't happened yet . 
  there 's no pov with stannis so all the stuff with shireen and selyse is news to us and may well be a spoiler to a reader . 
  anyway getting to the point , at the wall nobody knows what 's happened with stannis at winterfell . 
  jon receives a letter claiming to be from ramsay bolton saying to jon that he 's caught mance and the spearwives , defeated stannis , and that he has arya , he demands some shit from him i ca n't remember what he wants exactly . 
  anyway jon decides to take whichever brothers and wildlings will go with him and ride against the boltons . 
  the night 's watch kill him not because of some lame ass inability to see why jon has saved the wildlings and let them come south , but rather because he 's planning to break one of the fundamental tenets of the night watch vow , which is not to involve himself in the political affairs of westeros . 
  it 's actually a better narrative if you ask me because it does n't portray the night 's watch as some idiots who irrationally hate wildlings and wo n't put that aside despite the thousands of zombies attacking them , but rather it makes more about jon 's succumbing to his human side . '' ), 
  [ all books and series ] ( #b `` a common theory for reader up until now was actually that stannis defeated the boltons and that the letter sent to jon was a fraud concocted by mance as revenge for jon 's betrayal . 
  however i think this episode as cast some major doubts on that , so it seems likely that in winds of winter we 'll see stannis be defeated , mance will be flayed , however we know ayra is n't in winterfell since both the series and the books agree she 's in braavos . '' ), 
  i smell bullshit if you ask me . 
  that whole scene with the night king staring at him , melissandre 's return , `` he always comes back '' , also what he 's saying about the books and how jon might not be dead in them ... 
  i 'm sorry but he 's such a pivotal character that if he 's alive in the books then he 's definitely alive in the show else they 're writing an entirely different story , it 's quite clear that he 's coming back if you ask me . 
  actors never know shit about the stuff they 're in really , just the contracts and we know he 's contracted for the next season , narrative wise they 're in the dark as much as is feasibly possible . 
  said he 's right over there , said he 's got treats and candy , said he 's got a unicorn that shits rainbows . 
  i agree with you . 
  if stannis was going to die they would 've showed it . 
  i think she respects stannis for his stoic mentality and wo n't go through with the kill . 
  she 'll do something dumb like take him prisoner and they 'll go after melissandre for some revenge since she was the one who made the demon assassin . 
  that was the lowpoint of the whole episode , so cringe , that girl is cute but written awfully . 
  well spotted !, 
  o ye of little faith . 
  one does not simply kill stannis baratheon . 
  winter is come *, 
  that 's what i just said ... 
  no , i 'm not . 
  matters of proof and evidence are not what i 'm talking about . 
  i was merely stating how the law works in theory . 
  that 's been my point all along , that courts do not use the same kind of judgements about what is fair and right as ordinary people might do . 
  their job is to enforce the law , not deem what is right and wrong , discretion comes later at sentencing . 
  that 's why it 's so stupid that these people film and make public video of them doing this stuff . 
  if someone is stealing and you have evidence of that and you rough them up a bit it 's incredibly unlikely to get you in trouble provided you do n't do any lasting damage , the police will be on your side and be reluctant to do anything , the prosecutor will also be reluctant to do anything , however as soon as you post the evidence of what you did you 've forgone the possibility to that and as soon as the matter hits caught they are duty bound to enforce the law regardless of whether that person was in the wrong and regardless of whether the victim is a criminal themselves . 
  without a video , you could say the nose breaking was an accident that occurred in a struggle to stop the guy damaging the car , and the judge will favour your testimony as you were trying to stop a crime . 
  however with a video saying `` i fucked you up , you 're lucky to be alive '' even the best lawyer is going to struggle with that . 
  the reasons those shop owners you mentioned get away with defending their property with extreme violence is because the matters never see court most the time . 
  what reddit does n't seem to get is that once a matter is in court they use an entirely different logic of justice to that ordinary people would use . 
  judges have some discretion but it 's mostly in the sentencing ( i.e giving the minimum sentence ) , they can not say , well the law does n't apply because you were morally in the right . 
  fair enough . 
  thing is that reddit and this sub in particular seem to have a justice boner for people getting what they deserve . 
  i 've merely been pointing out that in many of these cases the person who they think is in the right could easily get in serious trouble themselves . 
  for example that british asian shopkeeper who was slapping around a shop lifter and that kid who smashed a bottle in the face of a bully . 
  both of those guys could be in serous trouble , especially given that the video is now in the public domain . 
  the irony is that i 'm getting mad downvotes just for pointing out these facts , people do n't seem to get that the law does not greatly care if you 're beating up a lowlife or some ordinary guy , asides from self defence and reasonable force they 'll convict you all the same , even if you get mitigation due to the circumstance . 
  i just think it 's bad to propagate this idea that kicking someone 's ass because they 've done something wrong is bad . 
  not only will it lead people into a naive sense of being about to do this without consequences leading people into possible legal trouble , but it defeats the purpose of the justice system . 
  it 's ultimate much worse to deal with the strain and uncertainty of a trial than a beating . 
  if you act like this guy in the video you put yourself in the wrong straight away . 
  no i 'm not . 
  i 'm talking from experience and he 's telling me to `` try living life '' . 
  the correct answer to that is fuck off . 
  remove !, 
  remove !, 
  ah yes , because that 's what defines liberalism , a willingness to ignore public safety advice and jump into strange coloured lakes . 
  i 've seen this attitude in many threads on reddit . 
  i claimed that in my experience a bachelors for teaching english was unnecessary , that it 's really just handy for getting a foot in the door but once you land your first job it 's not a big thing , for this i did get some downvotes and angry responses . 
  after some more investigation i realised that many of the people on this sub 's experience is completely different from mine , because they 're teaching in asia and other exotic locations , teaching to children and other things . 
  many asian countries care about the prestige of having a graduate for no other reason than that . 
  also if they 're hiring someone through an agency they may as well make higher education a requirement since it 's not as simple as picking someone up for free lance work and dropping them if they 're no good . 
  also sometimes higher education is a requirement of a visa programme . 
  in my experience teaching germany is that degrees just are n't really important here , they 're still an advantage obviously since it looks good on your cv , but they just seem like a really minor thing . 
  the important things here seem to be experience , a teaching qualification ( celta or tesol are the only ones that count ) and being a native speaker . 
  the hardest time you 'll have is being a non-graduate fresh from a teaching course with no experience , but some business school will eventually give you a shot eventually , once you 've got a few months under your belt it 's no problem , the fact that you 've experience is far more important to employers here than whether you have some completely irrelevant qualification . 
  really , most engish teachers have ba in humanities or social science or something in my experience , and they 're really not a jot of use in the actual classroom . 
  employers i 've met in germany seem to understand that . 
  ultimately with the work experience you have in software i think you 'd walk into a business english position since the city i 'm in germany that i 'm in is currently undergoing a tech boom and experience from a technical field is a massive bonus .
