  if you 're in an area with a lot of `` nerdy '' and `` geeky '' types , but is also quite trendy , essentially if you live somewhere hipsterish , you 'll probably be able to meet a cool but casual group on social media . 
  if you go through the more conventional route , for example , a board gaming store/community , then expect to meet the more hardcore gamers/rpers who take the rules quite seriously . 
  if you live somewhere where these activities are n't very popular then sadly i think you 'll meet the typical bunch of social outcasts . 
  i like playing dnd , but there 's no way i 'd play it with some of the more enthusiastic gaming types . 
  for us it 's just a less than serious board game with an rp element that makes it fun . 
  nobody is required to roleplay if they do n't want , and there 's no obligation to stay in character . 
  all the people pass the social test , which is would you hang out with this person outside the game . 
  of course not all dnders are like the stereotypes , but if you want to play with a better calibre of person and not some power mad social reject dealing with his frustrations at a world who rejected him through living out rp fantasies then you 're better getting to know players first . 
  i 've heard horror stories from the members of my group who played with people they did n't really know ; players throwing tantrums because they did n't agree with the dm , completely mismatched expectations e.g one player is new and wants it to be fun while another player wants a seriously hardcore rp experience , players insisting on min maxing their characters and invoking obscure rules and generally ruining the experience for everyone . 
  it helps if you 're already on the fringes of the real world gaming community . 
  for example i many of my group at a straight board games and beer evening where i would literally just play cards all night . 
  we only invited people we actually liked there and none of the ones you might just game with because they 're the only ones available . 
  i think you 're talking crap now , and i 'm saying this as a resident of an eu member state that is not the uk and as a european federalist . 
   the contribution rebate is an example of you being listened to and satisfied . 
  the considerable weight the uk has on financial regulation is another example . 
  the fact that an european army was never on the cards until recently is yet another . 
  the rebate was more like appeasement . 
  and many people are very aware and appreciative of it . 
  the uk is not the sole impediment to a european army , and this policy has a lot to do with the us , russia , and other factors as well . 
  financial regulation for the most part does not fall under the scope of eu authority . 
   overall , the uk has until , maybe , the last decade been a major power player in europe . 
  not really , the central european nations have been able to act as a bloc within the eu , led by france and germany . 
  since these countries share more similar social and economic policy they can act more collectively . 
  the uk 's role , even from the early days has been nay saying what it does n't like rather than really being able to define policy . 
  point is that the uk has always been dragging its heals and going alongside with what it can stomach , and this is a position it could return to if it were to retain member status , it does n't need to be popular . 
   your lack of appreciation is cerainly one of the problems other euro countries have with your position , especially countries with less political clout in the eu . 
  no offence , but this is exactly the kind of shit i 'm talking about . 
  you 're making this about all kinds of emotional things like `` appreciation '' which just is n't really of any relevance whatsoever . 
  the eu is n't some jilted lover who see brexit as a betrayal , christ , the uk has n't even done anything yet . 
  the invocation of art 50 will most likely be the point of no return . 
  indignation and frustration are not sound grounds for policy , and protecting the integrity of the union is of utmost importance . 
  indeed . 
  but i imagine purely because an unchallenged tory majority hinges upon their vote . 
   both substances together get you happy high . 
  thc alone ( or very high thc concentration ) gets you sad high . 
  canabinols alone do n't do anything , but as far as i know there 's not really a medical benefit to taking it alone . 
  / r/badscience, 
  it 's pretty much completely subjective for everyone , but both substances are psychoactive . 
  popular opinion claims that thc is a more mental trippy stimulant like effect , whereas cbd has a more physical effect , aids sleep , and can reduce pain . 
  no cbd wo n't `` do nothing '' , as you claim , high cbd strains are recommended to people to treat a number of problems . 
  nor does anyone think thc makes people `` sad '' , otherwise why would people smoke hash ? 
  that might be your personal experience but it 's not a fact . 
  wow , those things are completely different and not remotely comparable . 
  if the eu loses free trade then boo hoo , we still buy their stuff but the tariff means a nice little earner that earns more than they lose to uk tariffs because of our trade deficit with the eu . 
  if the city loses financial passporting then those businesses and jobs leave for the continent overnight never to return , and a big chunk of the uk economy is missing . 
  do n't pretend like the uk has equal leverage because it does n't . 
  that entirely depends on your trading strategy , and there 's thousands of different ones . 
  it 's perfectly possible to make a bet that a currency will be stable rather than appreciate or devalue . 
  what traders like is patterns , that allow a degree of predictability , that the rest of the market has n't spotted yet , as when they are spotted the market will react consequently destroying the pattern . 
  this is massively complicated by the fact that a trader just has to be right ever so slightly more than he is wrong , assuming proper risk management ( which really means that he does n't bet big on his losses and small on his wins , and does n't get greedy and run too low on money ) . 
  traders are n't magicians who see the way the market is going to move , they 're just people who somehow or another have developed a strategy that makes them right slightly more than they 're wrong . 
  on the whole , big moves on the fx are n't generally considered `` good '' by traders , the exception being of course if you 're the guy who just made his fortune on it , but that 's an exception . 
  some traders do try to trade big moves and current events , but it 's not that easy and i 'd say they 're in the minority . 
  the labelling of cbd as non-psychoactive highly dubious , and it 's recently come to light that cbd plays a much most active role than we think . 
   understanding how cannabidiol ( cbd ) exerts its myriad effects on human physiology is a work in progress . 
  thus far , scientists have identified more than 60 different molecular pathways through which cbd operates . 
  it is known , for example , that cbd acts through multiple receptor-independent channels and it also binds to various receptors in the brain , including serotonin 5ht1a ( which contributes to cbd 's antidepressant effect ) , trpv1 ( which contributes to cbd 's anti-psychotic effect ) , the nuclear receptor ppar-gamma ( regulates gene expression ) , and the orphan receptor gpr55 , among others . 
   new data emerging from the international cannabinoid research community indicates that cbd interacts directly with the cb1 receptor in ways that are therapeutically relevant . 
  but cbd parks at a different docking site on cb1 that is functionally distinct from thc 's orthosteric binding site . 
  cbd attaches to what 's known as an `` allosteric '' binding site on the cb1 receptor . 
  hash has a different level of cbd , but that 's not really at stake , some people show preference for low cbd / high thc strains . 
  also i hardly think that women claiming to be depressed on thc is evidence that it `` makes you sad high '' , whatever that means . 
  high levels of thc is thought to be responsible for the triggering of psychotic predisposition , and cbd is thought to have an anti-psychotic effect ( which is just another reason why it 's weird to call non-psychoactive ) . 
  that video just looks like more stuff buying into the narrative of blaming high thc strains of cannabis for its negative health and social effects . 
  french was a lingua franca though . 
  the greatest trick the austrians ever played was convincing the world that hitler was german and that beethoven was austrian, 
  this reads like parody . 
   i wonder why ... 
  because there is no impetus for it . 
  the narrative of big bad banking britain vs the noble `` schuldenfrei '' central european export economies is a total fiction . 
  it 's not only britain that does n't want uniform financial regulation dictated by the eu , it 's the entire european banking community for the most . 
   you can call it appeasement , negociation , whatever . 
  the point is that the eu was listening to the uk , and willing to compromise in order to give the uk what it wanted . 
  the european union gave britain the rebate because it was politically expedient to do so , and because they thought thatcher would lead britain out of the eu without hesitation at a time when integration was not so far along . 
  you 're analysis is resorting to human emotional language like `` listen to '' . 
  actually , britain got the rebate because of realpolitik not due to any of this emotional crap you 're spouting . 
   are we pretending that politics are always rational , and that all of eu members are rational entities which are never moved by affect ? 
  i dont believe it for a second , if anything , because brexit is a prime counter-example . 
  people 's opinion do often carry severe biases , whether it is emotional or merely subjective is not the point here . 
  brexit was n't rational because it was a vote by the public , a public that had been convinced that the eu was somehow a force for evil through sophistry and lies . 
  however in the uk 's negotiations with the eu are not done by referendum , it 's done by very calculated politicians and political institutions . 
  but even if it were , it would n't be the same as there 's nothing like the negative sentiment towards the uk within the eu as there was towards the eu in the uk . 
  i see so much fatalistic negativity coming from remainers , and your attitude of `` we 've fucked the eu feels reject by us and does n't even want the uk in the eu anymore '' is just a prime example . 
  in fact , all the eu cares about it getting a optimal outcome that will secure the union , and the failure of brexit , in the sense of it not going through or not delivering what it claimed , is just as effective as letting the uk flounder trading outside the eu , it 's also a result that harms far fewer people , on both sides of the channel . 
  i support the eu 100 % , i do n't live in the uk , and intend to say living in the eu and hopefully acquire foreign citizenship . 
  however , even i am not so foolish as to believe the eu has taken the mentality that the uk is an `` unstable member '' who it needs to be rid of . 
   you 're saying this as if calling it ` politically convenient ' or ` appeasement ' makes any difference . 
  fact is , that britain wanted something , and that other european countries , by giving it , made a concession . 
  which tends to prove that britain was able to obtain things from its partners , and therefore ( i believe the implication is trivial ) that its partners listened to its demands rather than just hearing them . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  the eu gave the rebate to the uk because it concluded that it had been put in a position where it had to do so . 
  if the uk decided not to brexit the eu would continue to give the uk what it thought it had to . 
  imo you 're over stressing the importance of `` good will '' in political relationships , where practicality far outweigh ideological concerns and emotional sentiment . 
  my point is simply enough , if britain remained in the eu , it would function virtually the same both pre and post referendum , despite people being pissed off by the uncertainty caused by brexit and people perceiving the uk as more of a `` problem member '' . 
  this is because imo britain 's influence in the eu is derived constitutionally as an eu member state ( the power to veto for example ) , and in terms of realpolitik ( support our position and we 'll do something for you ) , and not from the good will of the other 27 member states . 
  my opinion is that your belief that the uk would lose all standing in the eu in a post brexit ( or even that a britain that did a u-turn on brexit would be heavily sanctioned or booted out the eu ) , is based in emotional arguments i.e the eu will punish us out of anger for causing trouble and uncertainty in this scenario . 
  this is something i do not believe , i think if britain never invoked article 50 then nothing would happen whatsoever frankly a part from a minor knock to britain 's reputation and witty quips in the eu parliament . 
  this is literally no legal grounds for the eu to remove britain as a member until article 50 is invoked , and the uk does not need other countries to `` like it '' to function within it . 
   i 'm actually not a remainer , nor am i brit . 
  you seem to build your view of my opinion through that lens .
