  i remember my dad ranting about `` computer freaks '' at work , mostly because he did n't understand computers and they scared him , and he was the kind of guy who hated being put into a position where he might be out of his league or shown up by someone knowledge wise . 
  there was also this sense that anyone who spent a considerable amount of time online must be a sex pervert of some kind deviant , someone who preferred pixelated images of naked women to interacting with human females . 
  what would they say now if they could see us . 
  a world where browsing internet porn is relatively normal and everyone uses the computer , even people too dumb to install a piece of software without assistance . 
  a few honourable mentions :, 
  - being a girl and working out, 
  - being a girl with a booty, 
  - not being a rebel, 
  to be honest i totally agree , although personally i 've never found coke users to be the kind of people who broadcast the fact that much , mostly because they do n't want people bumming lines off them and do n't want the stigma of being labelled a `` coke head '' by non-users . 
  that said , there 's nothing more boring than a drug user who only wants to talk about their drug of choice and all its different applications , uses , and positive affects . 
  it 's certainly something i 've encountered with stoners , [ as this video demonstrates ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g4j5_zi13b4 ) . 
  oh fuck , i ca n't believe they 've done this . 
  blade runner 2 : do electric sheep dream of androids ? 
  great video , and the old lady was just the cherry on the cake . 
  we have cocodamol otc in the uk . 
  paracetamol with codeine . 
  americans are always shocked by that , but at the quantities you need to get an opiate buzz of them , at the price , and how much the paracetamol will fuck you up you 'd be better off buying real drugs frankly . 
  i know i guy who used to filter out the paracetamol somehow to get high off the stuff , for the expense , effort ( had to hit up many pharmacies ) , and danger of making himself sick doing it , he may as well have just scored some smack and smoked it . 
  we 'd have bidets or those little hose things , frankly that would be cheaper given the cost of water and make a lot more sense . 
  yesterday , i took the chance, 
  saved fifty cent but shat my pants, 
  for less than that you could get a private vpn and just use the uncensored youtube like the rest of europe , just saying . 
  the uk is almost as bad bad at # 9.50 ( $ 13.85 ) for 20 . that would be # 11.90 ( $ 17.30 ) for 25 , that would be almost exactly 24 dollarydoos per pack , almost the same . 
  jokes on them though . 
  i pay 6 euros for 50g of rolling tobacco in germany . 
  the trade in imported or knock off cigs must be big in australia , i know it is in the uk . 
  hell , the corner shop near where i used to live used to do under the counter tobacco from romania . 
  you realise that 's because he 's not a medical professional . 
  that 's some dank shit !, 
  to be fair , if you think it about . 
  if we 'd never all had the internet and it was only accessible to be corporations , we 'd probably all gladly hand over hard earned cash for a single google search . 
  i remember when i was a kid there used to be this phone service that would advertise in the back of magazines . 
  the premise was that if you wanted to find out some fact , either to help with your homework or settle a bet or something , you could call them and they 'd answer the question to the best of their ability . 
  the rate was about 50p a minute if a remember correctly . 
  i just imagine a bunch of broke students sitting around in a call room with a bunch of encyclopaedias lying around , all scrambling to answer people 's random questions . 
  they even had a guarantee that if they could n't answer your question within 5 minutes , and they thought it was a question that they could answer then they 'd call you back when they 'd found out for free . 
  i remember we used it a few times to help with homework or to settle an argument . 
  i 'm sure they were inundated with questions about sports and kids wanting answers to homework problems . 
  i suppose so . 
  i 've seen enough episodes of border force : australia 's front line to know that they 're pretty hot on that shit over there . 
  do you get our cheap airport / police / ambulance documentaries playing at 4am on budget cable / satellite channels over there ? 
  because we certainly get yours . 
  in fact , i admit it , they 're one of my guilty pleasures if i 'm extremely stoned . 
  nothing funnier than seeing some idiot trying to explain why he ticked the no fresh produce box when his suitcase is literally overflowing with exotic fruit ... who the fuck flies with fruit ? 
  fair enough . 
  i have just heard from colleagues who fly to the us regularly on business that they leave an extra hour between connections , compared to what they would when meeting a european flight , simply because the queues are so unpredictable and long . 
  i guess this is a product of the us demanding more but paying less . 
  is it really any surprise when you pay people crappy wages and do n't give the agency enough budget for enough staff that the queues are long . 
  love it . 
  especially when they 're trying to explain that they did n't understand what `` do you have any food ? '', 
  means , or try to claim that their packet of sausages is actually a decorative hat . 
  $ 200 fine and they 're on their way . 
  i see what you mean . 
  those wages seem ok for most us living costs , but if they do n't have enough staff that wo n't make much of a difference . 
  i can also understand that americans , no travelling as much as people in other countries do , and certainly not being a nation that excels at waiting or queuing , might take longer and cause more issues than in other countries . 
  obviously , but sadly as any proctologist will tell you , pooping does n't get all the poop . 
  it only vacates whatever is ready to leave . 
  your butt essentially has two rings , the outside one we know and love and the inside one which is not under your voluntary control . 
  when the inner ring opens and allows shit into the `` chamber '' that 's when you able to poop . 
  when the pressure builds up a bit in the chamber that 's when you feel the urge to go . 
  it 's really not beyond the realm of possibility that a bit of vigorous buttsecks could massage and loosen poop in your lower colon and it would flood through the inner ring mid action , meaning that when you remove your dick it comes with it . 
  this is why when you have the runs you get a very sudden and strong urge to go , because loose and watery stool will pass through your inner ring far more readily and quickly than regular shit , and the chamber will become full very quickly . 
  this is why porn stars give themselves enemas before engaging in such acts , because even though it 's not particularly good for you , it will probably loosen whatever is in your lower colon , which is better than having to stop a shoot midway through , because not many people like to see poop seeping out halfway through an anal scene . 
  i 'm sure there is a niche market for poopy anal scenes of course , the market is probably a lot smaller than the one for poop free anal scenes . 
  ftfy :, 
  once upon a time , one stormy night ,, 
  britain was sitting , so safe and tight . 
  when suddenly , a knock on the door ,, 
  britain in shock , spilt tea on the floor . 
  `` who 'd be here now , as such a storm blew ? 
  whoever it is has some explaining to do ! '', 
  britain rushed to the door , and as he grew near ,, 
  he saw it was sealand , `` what are you doing here ? '', 
  `` you are not relevant !, 
  get out of my sight ! '', 
  but soaking with rain , sealand told of his plight ,, 
  the micronation wanted , to wait out the storm ,, 
  `` oh please mr. britain , your place is cosy and warm ! '', 
  `` i just want to stay here , as your honoured guest !, 
  oh please mr. britain , i just want to rest ! '' . 
  `` alright sealand , i know what to do '', 
  said britain kindly , thinking it through . 
  upon seeing britain 's bed , to sealand 's surprise, 
  like murica 's dinner , it was supersize . 
  `` i give you fair warning , there 's chance i might snore , '', 
  `` here 's a blanket and pillow , do you need more ? '' . 
  the storm raged on , scary and loud ,, 
  as thunder and lightning burst from the cloud ,, 
  sealand was scared , and still could n't sleep ,, 
  he even tried counting , all wales ' sheep . 
  so beneath britain 's mattress , sealand did hide ,, 
  it was cosy and muffled , the noises outside ,, 
  the very next morning , britain awoke ,, 
  sun streamed through the window , the storm had now broke ,, 
  as he rose from the bed , britain felt a sharp pain ,, 
  his back had an ache , so bad he needed his cane ,, 
  `` where 's that micronation ? 
  '' , sleepy , said britain, 
  but then saw on the pillow , a message was written :, 
  `` i slept under your mattress , thanks for letting me stay !,
