  it 's going to be finitely more profitable for us to trade with them than us or with china even if we got a good trade deal with them . 
  nobody wants to be trading under the who rules . 
  also banks need reassurance that they 'll be able to go on selling financial services to one another . 
  i really see them putting the breaks on leaving the free trade agreement , business really does have a lot of influence over government . 
  probably , it 'll still be a few years yet though i 'd imagine . 
  but even england and wales could of course survive outside the eu . 
  they could revert to wto rules tomorrow , and even though it was be a huge impact on their economy , they 'd be in deep recession and austerity , the economy would still continue to function . 
  england and wales would just have to tighten its belt and get on with it . 
  see you think its the responsibility of the eu friendly remain supporters to allay the fears of the populace who are disenfranchised . 
  however let 's not pretend only remain were at fault . 
  i 'm 30ish and 95 % of my fb feed was pro remain . 
  the only leavers i even know are either strongly white working class or decades older than me . 
  when i said immigration wasnt reducing pay i wad told it was `` common sense '' , when i said they 'd not have more money for the nhs i was told we would be that was what they were voting for . 
  i agree the remain lot could have been less arrogant , but the leave lot were n't exactly using their brains . 
  it 's easy to enthuse people about the uk , but its hard to get people emotional or excited about the eu . 
  its a bit like explaining to someone why they need an accountant , it 's not very fun but it will benefit you in the long run . 
  not really . 
  the far right is n't popular in the uk . 
  populist parties , however , are , which are n't really `` far right '' , they 're really no more right wing than more right wing voices within the ruling right wing political party . 
  these populist parties feed off underlying racism and disenfranchisement beneath the surface , while trying to keep a respectable face . 
  ukip was one of these parties and it based itself solely around a push to get the uk out of europe . 
  it still only got a minority vote . 
  there are a significant number of casual racists supporting this party , people who think immigrants are to blame for any bad that 's happened in the last 30 years . 
  most of the people who voted to leave were not ukip supporters . 
  the problem is that the eu has been used as a scapegoat by both the government and the media for years . 
  a lot of uneducated people bought into this . 
  the eu was portrayed as this kind of unpatriotic bogey man , whenever someone wanted to poke fun at the bubble wrapped nature of modern life or some change in law or standards they 'd ascribe to the eu , rightly or wrongly . 
  see a cup of coffee has a warning : hot sign ? 
  probably the eu . 
  british farmers made to follow different standards ? 
  a lot of leave voters did n't even know what they were really voting for . 
  the eu is the kind of thing people ignore except occasionally to grumble about it . 
  as far as most pensioners are concerned , we 're just the uk , we 've been the uk , we 'll still be the uk if we leave , and being the uk , the country will prosper as they remember it doing before the eu existed . 
  they literally voted against the eu because , due to the fact it does n't matter or seem like a big deal to them , then they think it must not be a big deal to the leave . 
  afaik the only difference is we wo n't have to put up with seeing that damned foreign blue flag and the blue signs anywhere ( ironically these signs are usually found in places that have received eu funding ) . 
  most of the pensioners i know who voted leave do n't even seem to have a clue what the eu does , all they know is that it 's foreign and that 's bad . 
  all they see is things like british fishermen and farmers moaning about eu regulations and think , that 's bad , those poor working class heroes , get rid of that nasty french / german thingie . 
  the people who voted leave are basically the people who :, 
  - far right wingers and hardcore racists, 
  - casual racists and xenophobes who do n't like foreigners, 
  - patriotic old folk who do n't understand what 's going on and are scared by change . 
  - uneducated folk who were genuinely convinced it would somehow benefit the economy or themselves, 
  - hardcore leftists who think the eu is too neo-liberal / capitalist, 
  people who voted stay were generally :, 
  - young people who liked have the freedom to move around europe and be part of a europe wide community, 
  - rich people who understand the economy, 
  - immigrants who think restricting immigration could mean the uk becomes less immigrant friendly, 
  - the scottish , both because they are pro-eu and also because it will strengthen their case for independence, 
  - north irish catholics who love having an open border with ireland and the freedom to come and go there as they please , the closest thing to a united ireland they 'll probably see . 
  the facts are that the eu makes like billions of pounds richer every year , it 's the lifeblood of our economy . 
  if we leave we 're up shits creek without a paddle , which why we 're not really going to leave . 
  we 're either going to stay in the eu or just wilfully demote ourselves to eec / efta so we can stay in the common market . 
  the alternatives , returning to wto trade tariffs or trying to negotiate a new deal that does n't include freedom of movement and being bound by eu regulation is too damaging to consider . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the scale of the ramifications if we leave the eu . 
  the pound is down massively , threatening to dip into the $ 1.20-30 range ( range the bank of england is supporting ) , it dropped lower today than it did on friday . 
  a lot of people are writing this off saying that markets go up and down , it 's no big deal . 
  what these people do n't seem to understand is although money will return when things improve , because people will start making money off long positions , it 's going to be years until until we get the same amount of money we had before all this ( taking into account inflation and such ) . 
  even a 5 % loss will have devastating ramifications on the currency values , interest rates will have to be changed making the uk less appealing to investors . 
  businesses will have to cut back , the ramifications go on and on . 
  the price of living will go up but employment will go down , it 'll be a lovely little recession . 
  it 's already pretty bad . 
  and the only thing that will fix it is when people start to believe the situation for the uk is getting better not worse . 
  if we leave the eea/efta then expect things to go from bad to worse , we 'll be scrambling to make deals with everyone , everyone will know we 're desperate , expect the same kind of market reaction as we 've seen today . 
  then it 'll get real nasty , no money for anything , but everything needs to be done , industries need money to adapt to new market conditions , financial services in a tizz over whether they 'll be able to trade in europe . 
  businesses flocking out of the country , impoverished areas need help due to lack of eu funding , nhs just as problematic as ever , possibly even worse , still plenty of immigrants about , country divided over whose to blame . 
  a million laws need changing , and people need paying to sort it out . 
  social support projects shutting down due to absence of eu funding , science and academics in desperate need of money due to lack of funding . 
  calling it sacrifices and blood shed is fine until you 're tumbling down the social ladder into unemployment and poverty . 
  so much salt, 
  i ca n't help but feel that wales has really fucked itself when it comes to further devolution or shot at independence . 
  they 'll have the fact they voted leave rubbed in their faces every time they try to call for that stuff for years to come . 
  i have no idea about what ? 
  it 's simply a fact that whenever the welsh independence supporters say anything from now they 're going to be reminded of their leave majority support . 
  wales basically just threw away its best argument for getting out of the uk . 
  it 's wales :d i saw a piece vox popping welsh people in impoverished , working class areas , everyone was voting leave to get rid of the bloody immigrants despite the fact the faces in the streets were mostly white and the people there were mostly welsh . 
  pretty much , it 's starting to become clear that , hilariously , the only people with a leg left to stand on with the leave outcome are the people ideologically opposed to the eu , the people who said we want to be outside the eu and to hell with the consequences . 
  everyone who voted for leave because they believe there 'd be money for the nhs , better trade deals , less immigration , because the foreigners would have to go home , or that we 'd be free of all eu legislation has been proved clueless . 
  it was clear to the experts that none of what leave promised would happen and instead we 'd find : that the economic fallout from the brexit would far outweigh the costs of continued membership , that the best position the uk could work after leaving would be going back to the single market , that no country in history has ever been allowed to trade in the single market without at least accepting freedom of movement , and that now there would need to be a tax hike and budget cut to balance the books afterwards . 
  so yes , apart from that very small slither of leave voters who knew full well that the leave campaigns promises were full of shit , who knew full well that there would be significant economic fallout , and knew full well that they were voting for was most likely a renegotiated british position in europe that entailed staying in the single market and all of the downsides of that , but felt having that increased distance from the eu was worth all the problems just to claim back a little bit of freedom from brussels . 
  apart from these people all the other leave supporters were clueless . 
  of course it would , everybody who was n't the scientific and government concerns who had an interest in their science vessel 's dignity was pro the boat-mcboatface name . 
  meanwhile nobody wants a fucking brexit . 
  the eu does n't want it , the uk government does n't want it , the business and finance world does n't want it , everyone in the uk with an education or a stake in the long term future does n't want it , and now even half the people who voted leave are starting to wonder if they really want it . 
  given that leave means we 're not going to stop hearing about this for the next decade , i 'm pretty sure a lot of people are regretting voting leave purely on the basis that if we stayed they 'd never have to hear the shitty portmanteau `` brexit '' ever again . 
  [ seeing this the day after was just the worst ] ( http://imgur.com/6vz37zx ), 
  i know that all the people in that conversation voted leave except the one complaining about it , i also know they 're all still living in the town in which they grew up and went to school , and the one who started the post is a single mum who 's never worked a day in her life . 
  what 's annoying is that they actually went out to vote , but i bet none of them could really tell you what the eu actually does . 
  i 'm pretty sure they all voted leave just because they want less foreigners around , and they just about grasped that the leave side was against the dirty foreigns . 
  just because you change the th for \u00fe and change the orthography does n't make it different . 
  well sunderland , there 's one way to fix this , change your mind and start supporting the eu , if enough people do this then we wo n't leave . 
  if we do leave though , i hope sunderland is the fucking hardest hit part of the uk with the highest amount of unemployment and poverty going , you deserve it you bellends , it 's just tragic that your children will have to pay for your casual racism and nationalistic fervour . 
  yeah , it 's so stupid , it does n't help that you have news agencies reporting that the ftse and pound have `` recovered slightly '' . 
  no ... the pound going from $ 1.32 to $ 1.33 is not a recovery , it 's a normal degree of fluctuation for currency , a currency that happened to be $ 1.48 when we thought remain would win and worth $ 1.69 before cameron won the ge on a referendum promise . 
  i found that uneducated people are just totally unwilling to believe that the economy exists . 
  they can dismiss these alarming fact with a simple , it 's all just numbers that eggheads convince themselves make a difference , i can still go down the shops and buy a loaf of bread for 70p so what 's the big deal ? 
  it 's only when prices rise noticeably , or the banks start wanting more money for their mortgage repayments that the average person actually realises something has changed . 
  what 's interesting is that i think the financial markets are quite convinced we 're not going to leave the single market , and i think that 's what stabilising things right now . 
  [ i made this flowchart for what i think will happen ] ( http://imgur.com/hszqsxx ) . 
  the eu wo n't shoot itself in the foot just to punish , but it will quite easy to punish the uk by having it lose its place at the eu table . 
  personally i think free of movement will continue as a condition of any deal the uk gets .
