  do n't you know anything . 
  shut up, 
  tfw the pills kick in before the rave gets going ... 
  fact is none of the narrative you 've said was true . 
  we are not bursting at the seams . 
  the nhs and welfare system are not buckling under the pressure . 
  we are just a nation of moaners who make a huge deal out of everything , naturally it 's not perfect , but it never has been and it still fares well against much of the world . 
  furthermore most problems with employment and the public sector are the result of an unwillingness to make people pay taxes , especially big business and the richest few percent . 
  the uk can easily accommodate more people without any drastic impact on status quo . 
  if you feel the public sector is bad or worse compared to the past blame years of irresponsible decisions and an anti-government spending attitude . 
  fact is that the british public are socially irresponsible , the biggest voting issues are always the matter of private wealth , namely pensions and house prices , because the voting majority , being so old , votes for what it cares about and against what may detract from the overall welfare of society because of self-interest . 
  ironically immigration is our only hope . 
  what people are n't mentioning is that without this immigration the british economy would be in a much worse state because it would n't show the kind of growth it 's accustomed to . 
  it 's just this myth that immigrants takes more on aggregate than they bring which is part of politically extreme narrative with its basis in xenophobia . 
   taught myself russian , b + in 5 months, 
  this makes you seem incredibly naive, 
  to be fair the police have a lot of discretion in the uk too . 
  i know people who 've been caught with small quantities of cocaine and mdma pills who 've been let off with an on the spot caution and confiscation and also some who were arrested put in a cell and then given a formal caution . 
  honestly , maybe it 's living in europe , but i think we should have more paid toilets . 
  everywhere in germany has a paid full time toilet attendant . 
  we talk about wanting to create jobs , i 'm pretty sure that 's a job that 's ideal for a refugee . 
  i think it 's made worse by the fact that many standard `` american '' dishes are also british , or they 're just generic european stuff that is eaten all over the continent . 
  it means the only things that people associate with `` british food '' are often less common stuff , not realising that every time they sit down to meat and three veg they 're eating british ( or at very least northern european ) cuisine . 
  love that there were celts called boyos , shame they 're not in wales . 
  we were taught to do that in gcse maths in the uk . 
  err . . k ? 
  i disagree , this problem only seems hard because people make out like it 's some bizarre illogical mystery . 
  the only reason we have more chance when we swapped is because the person who eliminates a door after your initial selection knows which is the winning door and can not eliminate it . 
  if you choose the winning door first choice then either remaining door can be eliminated , however 2/3 you choose a losing door at first and when this happens the winner can not not be the swap door because the winning door could not be eliminated . 
  just think of it like that , you have 2/3 chance to choose a losing door at first , and every time this occurs when you swap you are guaranteed to win . 
  that 's why it 's 2 in 3 , it 's that simple . 
  this is the right explanation , sick of people making out like it 's a big mystery . 
  once you realise that the door being eliminated can not be the prize door it 's just obvious . 
  it 's impossible not to win if you swap provided you 've chosen a non-winning door at first , and you have a 2/3 chance of choosing a loser . 
  the whole `` problem '' is usually framed in such a way that it really conceals the obviousness of it all . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's not 1/2 but 99/100 if you swap . 
  no , your post was just so shit i got half way through and gave up . 
  it was n't worthy of a proper response . 
  lol before i was a driver , now i 'm a boy , sorry i was just trying to help out with your wordy laboured shitposting, 
  do n't be a twat . 
  it is impossible not to win if you choose a losing door at first and swap . 
  that 1/3 of the time is when you pick the winning door at first ... 
  when you first elect a door that is not winning then you are sure that if you swap you win . 
  obviously you do n't know if you 've elected this door till later , but it 's easier to envision it as a choice between a 2/3 chance and a 1/3 chance than simply two doors of equal value . 
  if you say that people do n't see why . 
  this is the reason why it 's a choice between 2/3 and 1/3 , because you have a 1/3 chance of picking the winning door at first , and a 2/3 chance of picking a loser , and if you pick a loser you always win provided you swap . 
  in french oi is pronounced `` wah '' with the sound in a word like palm . 
  in english you 'd right it vwahlah . 
  wallah is wrong but it 's not totally wrong . 
  you do n't need to know whether you 've initially selected a winning or losing door . 
  the point is that there are 2 losing doors and 1 winning door . 
  this strategy ( swapping ) always works with a losing door and therefore works twice as often compared to not swapping because there are twice as many losing doors as winning doors . 
  exactly , but it 's more obvious when you see it as a choice between two winning doors and one losing door , than when you see it as just two doors . 
  think of it this way . 
  there are three doors . 
  unknown to me the prize is behind door 1 . 
  here are the options if i always swap . 
  i pick door 1 , a door is eliminated , i swap , then i lose . 
  i pick door 2 , a door is eliminated , i swap , then i win . 
  i pick door 3 , a door is eliminated , i swap , then i win . 
  it 's a 2/3 chance you win if you swap , and this is a product of the fact that the eliminated door ca n't be the winner . 
  imagine we had 100 doors , you pick one , then i eliminate 98 doors so there is only one alternative for you . 
  is that 1/2 probability ? 
  think of it this way . 
  there are two possibilities , you pick the winning door at first from 100 doors , chance 1/100 , or you pick a losing door and i am forced to eliminate every door other than the winner . 
  it 's obvious that swapping is a lot better than sticking . 
  yeah but dress it up like a maths problem and act bewildered and people will act freaked out by it regardless . 
  no you ca n't say that . 
  it 's not magic , swapping wo n't make a 1/2 chance into a 2/3 . 
  it 's fucking obvious and logical why swapping in cases where a choice is eliminated by someone who knows where the winning choice is and can not eliminate it alters probability . 
  think of it this way . 
  you come to a crossroad , you can take route a , b or c. each route is a 1/3 chance of leading to your destination . 
  however if you take route b and it 's the wrong route a magic fairy will fly you across to route c , and if you take route c and it 's the wrong route a magic fairy will fly you across to route b. 
  now the magic fairy might not move you to the right route , it could still be route a that is right . 
  however it 's obvious that since the route probabilities are 1/3 , but if you take b or c you 'll end up on the right track provided the right route is n't a , it 's 2/3 ( b+c ) or 1/3 ( a ) . 
  this is exactly the same , you have three doors . 
  if you swap , you win on two door , and lose on one . 
  i can promise you that you need to stick your `` ear for language '' up your arse to prevent you from talking any more shit . 
  amazingly no two sounds are the same , two people from different sides of town will be slightly different not to mention the natural differences between any two people 's voices and accent . 
  however english and french share many phonemes . 
  voila is / vw\u00e4\u02c8l\u00e4 / , the vowel is the open central unrounded , exactly the same sound or a very close sound to what an english speaker would use in a word like `` palm '' or `` father '' . 
  it 's actually incredibly common and the same sound a german would use in `` haben '' or an italian or spanish person would use . 
  so ultimately that is how you 'd mistake a `` oi '' for an `` a '' , they are literally the same sound . 
   there 's no need to be so aggressive . 
  no need for you to be such a pontificating language snob trying to appear more acoustically enlightened than others . 
  no there is one door with a prize behind it . 
  but in terms of strategy there are two winning choices . 
  think of it this way , you 're an army at a crossroad , you have three roads , only one gets to the enemy . 
  if you use soldiers then you only have time to check one road , but if you use tanks you have time to check 2 roads . 
  swapping is like using tanks . 
  at first there is a 1/3 chance , you pick at door . 
  at this point the chance of either of the other two door being right is 2/3 . 
  then someone who knows which door is the winner comes along and eliminate a losing door . 
  because the eliminator knows this information and ca n't eliminate the winner , his elimination , instead of just deleting a 1/3 chance and making it 1/2 , instead sums the two unselected doors together , your choice remains 1/3 , and two doors add their chances together to make the other door 2/3 . 
  remember that if the person who eliminates a door did n't know the winner and could eliminate the winning door then each door would remain 1/3 and swapping would have no effect whatsoever . 
  you claim all that yet you misidentified two sounds as different when they were the same . 
   i am more attuned to the sounds of the language, 
  than who ? 
  other french speakers ? 
  i doubt it .
