  i 'm not saying selling heroin is ok but it ca n't be considered the same as if it were the dealer who made those people od . 
  your british is atrocious, 
  why do n't you build five then and sell them for 200 each making a profit of 600 ? 
  do that a few times and you 'll have a few grand . 
  i ca n't imagine a job more enjoyable than just making stuff and selling it . 
  every five year old needs their own personal meth lab , how are they meant to win the respect of their peers if they are producing top quality crystal ? 
  it 's nothing to do with min/maxing , min/maxing is about optimising your character relative to your game choices , this is simply about saving yourself hours of scrolling through your inventory by knowing that carrying around a 20kg sword worth 20 coins to the vendor will simply cut into time you could 've spent finding something more valuable . 
  said the roleplayer, 
  [ you 're so 2007 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nsaqq5fzbos ), 
  it 's actually pretty bad but i think people ignore it because otherwise his character is so good . 
  i 've also never met peter dinklage . 
  he really struggles around the letter - o i 've noticed . 
  he struggles with the `` pot '' vowel , the back open unrounded vowel . 
  most americans struggle with this sound when trying to fake an english accent , not realising how far back it really is , making it sound like `` port '' or do n't round it enough , making it sound like `` part '' ( americans normally use an unrounded vowel here ) . 
  this leads to him overusing the [ \u0259\u028a\u032f ] diphthong which is why tyrion always says `` westeros '' , the - o rhyming with that of `` dose '' while most characters would rhyme it with `` boss '' . 
  sadly this diphthong is another thing many americans struggle with pulling off authentically ( americans tend to use [ o\u031e\u028a\u032f ] ) , and it always sounds a bit fake and over enunciated . 
  it does n't help that in modern british english it 's a sound that has undergone quite a bit of change in the last 25 years thanks to the holy-wholly split ( many english speakers now use the diphthong [ \u0252\u028a ] in many , but not all , words which once took [ \u0259\u028a\u032f ] ) which makes tyrion 's liberal use of [ \u0259\u028a\u032f ] sound even more corny . 
  sadly a lot of the information on how to speak an rp accent is dated , more suitable for downton abbey than got . 
  all the other characters speak relative modern english rp and he 's there with a corny sounding period drama style hammy accent . 
  there 's tons more wrong with his accent , he reduces vowels that should n't be reduced sometimes and does n't reduce ones that should , he often uses / ae / in words that would typically take / a : / in the type of accent he 's aiming at , he also messes up with / \u0254 / . 
  thankfully his acting and charisma are good enough to pull it off without too many complaints !, 
  and where would that be ? 
  [ a study confirms everyone knows you 're high and that most likely you 'll never stop feeling like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fpstrry_5fo ), 
  well i 've never met many american actors , but from what i 've seen they rarely do it passably , what passes for a british accent to a us audience is very different from what passes to british ears . 
  of course i 've seen some terrible american accents on british tv in totally serious productions sometimes . 
  obviously not just trial and error, 
  [ here 's some more classic sas from that guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wxcng7ro0ce&amp;t=4m45s ) . 
  we are too poor to provide any services apparently ... 
  edit : [ this one is even better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ar3umkpc0b0 ), 
  it 's expat syndrome if you ask me , very common in anglos living abroad , especially americans ( although brits can be bad too ) . 
  living in different cultures is a strange thing , after a while it can affect your perception , you start putting all your negative experiences down to broad generalisation about that country . 
  the germans are unfriendly or the spanish are lazy and so on . 
  he 's got it bad , just going around finding things to support his presumption that europe is an over priced third world hell hole . 
  seriously it 's something i 've experienced myself in a way . 
  the strangest things do piss you off when you 're living abroad , and if you had no self-awareness you 'd let the oddest things becomes indicative of some greater conspiracy theory regarding what is wrong with the people in that area , and this is what happens with the sufferers of expat syndrome . 
  i think it 's got something to do with your subconscious trying to reason why the people around you are a bit different , and honestly i think it 's even worse when you 're living in a culture what is only partially different from your own , rather than a culture where the differences are massive . 
  i 've seen americans suffer from in the uk , both brits and americans suffer from it in europe . 
  for example one american student i knew would rant about what 's wrong with the british , it was never anything important but just stupid stuff like the eggs are weird , the steak fasts different , the toilet seat is wrong . 
  in europe i heard no end to tales explaining what was wrong with germans , from they 're all a little autistic to treatise on the history of the prussian officer class . 
  i clicked on this expecting the usual shit , but this was actually funny . 
  do they have accents ? 
  quite hard to understand for a non-native , sounds like they 're saying `` merssen m\u00e4nner mit b\u00e4rten sein '' to me . 
  should n't be impossible . 
  i did the same in reverse . 
  lol why is it not possible to have a post like this without one child abuse guy and another animal abuse guy ( his post is below yours ) . 
  you should realise the danger of a dog and a toddler with an ordinary dog that 's never shown violent tendencies is very low . 
   dogs , especially pitbulls , do not know anything about history or previous tendencies . 
  they are primitive and can snap at any second . 
  this sentence makes no sense whatsoever . 
  it 's just so retarded . 
  it 's nothing to do with `` history '' or `` previous tendencies '' . 
  dogs have been selectively bred for thousands of years making pretty docile around humans . 
  dog attacks on children are rare , ones that lead to serious injury even more so , in the grand scale of things having family dogs around children is not all that dangerous , you 're just being irrational . 
  that 's not a significant quantity . 
  even then , should n't we see a host of americans in rugby ? 
  something like 95 % of collegiate gridiron players do n't make the nfl , you would think some of those `` almost made it `` s would swap to rugby if their skills were so transferable ... 
  when they stole all my drugs in my house while i took a piss and tried to claim i 'd taken them all and was too fucked to remember it . 
  drugs make it easy to hang around with shit people . 
  i mean you can do drugs with good people too , and most people who do a lot of drugs are n't total scumbags like the clich\u00e9 would suggest . 
  most wo n't totally fuck you over , it 's just when drugs are a big part of your social life you just tend to meet a overall lower quality of person , the kind of person who 'll ask a borrow a bit of money and then dodge your calls for 6 weeks and then try to get out of paying . 
  the kind of people who are x10 more likely to want to hang out if you 've got something and claim to be busy when they have something . 
  i would n't recommend that . 
  in any social group you need people like that . 
  i do n't think it 's a sign that you 're socially disadvantaged . 
  it 's when you 're friends are always going out and wo n't include you unless you directly ask that it 's concerning . 
  hang on , if all americans are at least 1/4 irish , and the oppressed irish people who fled to america were mostly catholics , and catholics like the pope , and the pope is anti-american something does n't add up . 
  thanks i got ... 
  yeah man he has made a giant sentence and has sprung entirely out the window . 
  and now ? 
  he runs further below ... like nothing happened ... wooow, 
  that 's interesting to compare with [ what i got ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/3f02w7/doortodoor_doortodoor_door_salesman_salesman/ctkwiqr ) . 
   in a small village lived a little girl with the name barbara , and barbara was renowned everywhere for a wonderful rhubarb cake . 
  therefore they called her rhubarb-barbara . 
  rhubarb-barbara quickly realised that she could earn money with her cake , and she opened a bar , the rhubarb-barbara-bar . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar went well , and quickly had regular customers , and the three most well known of them , three barbarians , so often came to the rhubarb-barbara-bar in order to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake , that people shortly called them the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians had beautiful beards , and when the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians wanted their rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beards cut , they went to a barbers . 
  the only barber that could work a rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard was called the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber often liked to go to rhubarb-barbara-bar to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake , and he liked to drink a beer , that he solemnly named a rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer could only be bought in a very specific bar , and the seller of this rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer , in this rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer-bar , is barbie . 
  and so went the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians together with the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber and rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer-bar-barbie to the rhubarb-barbara-bar in order to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake and to drink a bottle of ice cold rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer . 
  cheers !, 
  unlikely , pokemon is a biblical world . 
   be fruitful , and multiply , and replenish the earth , and subdue it : and have dominion over the fish of the sea , and over the fowl of the air , and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth . 
  most of those were minor incident and virtually the same amount if people are injured by playgrounds . 
  nobody is making you have a dog around your kids , but it 's not a big enough deal to care if other people do it or not . 
  that 's why you suck and all your friends are boring . . 
  if tv has taught me anything , it 's that all the best doctors are hard drinking , loner , wildcards who do n't care about the rules yet always get results ... 
  why would n't someone with no chance of playing top level american football go a different country for the chance to earn a decent salary and be a top tier professional sportsman ? 
  the top tier rugby players earn very decent amount of money , i 'm pretty sure all those thousands of cast offs with no chance of playing even canadian football would welcome the chance to earn hundreds of thousands a year rather than go doing regular non-sporting work ... 
  the real reason is that nfl players do n't have transferable skills and simply ca n't , it 's not about the money . 
  they would if they could but they ca n't . 
  gradeaundera is from an asian community in leicester i think . 
  this guy is east london / essex . 
  they 're like over 100 miles from each other with very different accents . 
  they do in their own way , it 's just the difference in phonetics that make us perceive things differently . 
  an american would probably say / ju\u02d0l / or / ju\u02d0\u0259l when this guys says something like / j\u028aow / . 
  to american ears may as well be `` y' all '' , maybe mistaking it for the pronunciation / j\u0254\u02d0l / . 
  it 's just a product of not being acquainted with the accent . 
  yeah an english dialect that is hundreds of years old from the capital ccity of england the birthplace of the english language , straight up ebonics . 
  what aspirated h 's are there in french words ?
