  maybe one day it 'll get so bad that the people who could fix stuff from the ground up will all be dead and we 'll going into technological decay as we rely on layers of machine operated technology to get stuff done . 
  woah we got a badass over here, 
  fair enough there will always be these people , unless until the ais take over all that work haha !, 
  but still i think we could see the average person who works with technology ( rather than builds it ) , become less technologically able because something like system administration or web design will become so automated that knowledge of the true nuts and bolts will become mostly unnecessary . 
  not strictly true , much of the tv on itv and channel 4 is paid for through the tv licence . 
  i agree , but it 's about time the `` tv licence '' was done away with , add taxes and fund the bbc through tax money like any other public service . 
  the people from the tv licencing are right cunts and they work off fear and intimidation to make people pay . 
  they even spread misinformation saying they can detect a tv from outside your house and have tried to use acoustic amplification devices to spy on people at home . 
  most people pay it , but most the people who do n't pay it get away with it . 
  they have no power to actually force you to pay because that would require them to prove you were using your tv to receive live tv . 
  fuck those guys !, 
  it 's like over 200 euros a year !, 
  i believe at one point they tried to use audio amplification devices to listen in through your wall to see if it synced with any live broadcasts . 
  this was deemed illegal in court though as it 's an invasion of privacy . 
  well it 's only a borrowed language to americans anyway . 
  world 's worst first language speakers ? 
  i say world 's best second language speakers . 
  edit : / s, 
  you ca n't have met that many british people then , i 'm not saying 2nd language ability is all that common like it is in the netherlands , but i know tonnes of people who speak a second language . 
  lots of typically middle class french speakers , my step mother is fluent in italian and i for one speak pretty reasonable german owning to the fact i lived there for a year . 
  none of these people have any connection to the languages they speak other than studying them out of personal interest . 
  i mean at a guess i say something like 5-10 % of people have a second language , not everyone advertises the fact though . 
  many germans think they 're fluent but really they 're just highly competent in my experience , i do n't know that many who 've pushed on through to total fluency . 
  some do but most just get something like b2 / c1 proficiency and call it a day . 
  as a briton i always thought this was funny . 
  sweden does have fine drums . 
  yeah that is true , although we do n't tend to talk about degrees of fluency but rather proficiency . 
  certainly over half the people i meet in germany speak better english than i speak german , even when they do n't really need to . 
  then again there are still plenty of people around who are still relatively basic speakers or even have next to no english whatsoever . 
  you 'd do alright in prison . 
  [ out of shape guy who dresses inappropriately and just generally looks and acts like an idiot ? 
  everyone rightfully laughs at the entitled neckbeard . 
  ] ( http://41.media.tumblr.com/d004251fde456c88ebcd3a9aeba992eb/tumblr_n5jd0lmjtl1rfwfq9o1_500.jpg ), 
  [ fat girl who dresses in appropriately who looks and acts like an idiot ? 
  `` all men are bastards !, 
  you 'll find your mr. 
  right prince charming some day babes !, 
  '' ] ( http://farm1.static.flickr.com/33/39519414_64230809bf.jpg ), 
  yeah i found the same when i restarted after a 10 year break . 
  first day i was able to soul , mizu , makio , alley oop soul , i was also able to drop in and front side stall a 5 foot ramp then drop in fakie . 
  next day i managed frontside stall with a 180 back into the ramp , and also to go over a spine . 
  sadly that seemed to be the lot that i could remember how to do , i used to be able to do more like royal , farv , topside soul , hell even hit air on the vert but it all seems like magic now . 
  i 've definitely become a lot less graceful too . 
  i ca n't for the life of me remember how to backside stall a ramp which used to be like breathing for me ( although i remember it took a while to get comfortable enough to do it when i first started ) , and i have n't even attempted a frontside grind due to not having found a ledge small enough and being a pussy . 
  fluency is usually defined as that but having a wide enough range of expression and comprehension to do that regardless of the topic or material . 
  it does n't require you to sound like the president but it does requires you to master complex expressions and uncommon subject matter with ease . 
  personally i reserve the term `` fluent '' for a very high level of knowledge of a language . 
  this tends to be what it 's reserved for in esl circles . 
  what you 're describing just sound me like `` highly proficient '' , and i think most germans have intermediate to high proficiency , fluency really requires you to spend an extended amount of time in a country that has your target language as its mother tongue . 
  there 's definitely a noticeable difference between the germans i 've met who 've done this and the ones who have just become competent speakers through education . 
  bit of both maybe haha ? 
  i just searched fat chav girl on google images . 
  norman not real french !, 
  viking !, 
  where does ireland come into all of this ? 
  fluency is different from being fluent . 
  when i talk about fluency it 's slightly different , improving fluency is improving your ability to produce that language with ease regardless of whether it 's entirely accurate or correct . 
  however when i see jobs that specify that someone be a fluent speaker i see it as being higher than c1 but being different from requiring a native speaker . 
  as far as i understand to become an english teacher you have be a fluent english speaker , when you take a celta test as a non-native speaker then they check that you are fluent . 
  i 've never met a c1 student who would be able to take a celta test without some change in their ability . 
  fluent could then be defined as having the highest possible level of fluency in all the areas that an ordinary native speaker could be expected to discuss . 
  obviously this excludes language that would only be used by specialists , terminology and such . 
  being a fluent speaker differs from being a native speaker , a native speaker is naturally going to have different abilities , they 'll probably have a greater knowledge idioms , slang , dialects and so on , they have a entirely different way of thinking about the language as someone whose spoken it as their primary language from birth . 
  however `` fluent '' is the highest possible level one can achieve as a learner of a language in my book . 
  when you are fluent in a language there is literally nothing more a language teacher can teach you , if you wanted to know more about a language at this point you could join a class alongside native speakers . 
  also you are right that it 's not a requirement to spend time in a country that speaks your target language to become fluent , but frankly i think the exceptions to that are very rare . 
  some people seem to throw around fluent to mean highly proficient or even just conversational which i think is a bit wrong . 
  then again there will always be differences in how people define words , there 's certainly a difference between being `` fluent '' in the context of training to be an english teacher , being `` fluent '' in the context of doing a job that involves the language , and `` fluent '' in the context of simply being able to converse fluently with people who speak that language . 
  fluency is defined as :, 
   fluency : fluency refers to the ability to produce rapid , flowing , natural speech , but not necessarily grammatically correct speech . 
  this is often contrasted with accuracy . 
  in tesl we talk about fluency and accuracy exercises , and try to strike a balance between good english and natural flowing english . 
  i 'm afraid i have no formal definition of `` fluent '' but i do n't think it 's a strictly defined term . 
  however it obviously means something different some fluency which is a scale , you can improve a speakers fluency but not their `` fluent '' . 
   there is a reason why we are told not to write fluent in our cv , because it could be pretty much anything . 
  so i just wonder , if i just have n't read the right book/article / ... yet . 
  like i said it 's not a strictly defined term , however i think it 's wrong to say `` native language speakers are often incorrectly referred to as fluent '' . 
  it 's probably splitting hairs but i was taught that native speakers are de facto fluent in a language , since a language is principally defined by the community of language users , it 's linguistically prescriptive to call native speakers not fluent even if they 're moron with vocabularies of only a few thousand words . 
   you would be astonished about who is teaching in european public schools . 
  school teaching is a little different from language teaching in say a language school . 
  people who teach in schools first and foremost must be teachers with the relevant local qualifications to teach children , their ability with the language is actually secondary provided it 's sufficient to get you through the test although it becomes more relevant once you start studying for higher level stuff like the ielts . 
   i never heard of celta , just tesol and others . 
  that 's crazy . 
  celta is the certificate in teaching english to speakers of other languages taught by cambridge english , probably the most respected and widespread entry level teaching qualification for english speakers . 
  most jobs in english teaching in europe ( in all decent language schools , not public education or crappy language schools ) , require celta or tesol , anything else is n't really worth much . 
  asia is a little different , often demand will define what they want , there are plenty of teachers without teaching qualifications in asia . 
  anyway both celta and tesol require that you be fluent in the language equivalent to cefr c2 . 
  c2 is often considered fluent in my experience as a teacher , an i 've never seen anyone run a course for c2 learners , at this point how much you want to improve your knowledge of a language is up to you , you 're better off reading books or taking a course in english language like a native speaker would . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrywiy2q1pe ), 
   hm , i just know tefl and tesol . 
  then again i never looked into english teaching jobs in europe . 
  i just know people who teach in asia with tefl . 
  or people who teach german in germany, 
  i think you 're confused , tefl means teaching english as a foreign language . 
  all courses are tefl courses . 
  tesol is teachers of english to speakers of other languages , a course ran by trinity , [ this ] ( http://www.tefl.net/teaching/qualifications.htm ) is a pretty good guide . 
   sooo , that would mean it 's not connected with any cefr levels , as it is 1 . ), 
  just referring to speech , so somebody who is illiterate can be fluent , but never pass a c2 test and 2 . ), 
  somebody might not master the english grammar , but just has a combination of good communicative strategies and useful vocabulary . 
  no i do n't think so , that 's what `` fluency '' means but that 's not what being `` fluent '' means .
