  i do n't expect modern germans to be apologetic for the wars , so why the fuck do some extremists in ireland seem to think britain owes ireland apologies and reparations , it 's completely moronic . 
  i was annoyed by the above posts because this idiot was trying to paint bloody sunday as a racially motivated attack , when it was nothing of the sort . 
  it was british forces being incompetently ordered in a environment of paranoia and violence , it was tragic and aggravated the troubles immensely . 
  no briton , welshman or scot wanted to be in northern ireland , and neither did the government want to waste their resources there . 
  trying to paint it as a racially motivated assault is the type of revisionism that can only be people hell bent pursuing an agenda , stirring up further aggravation and violence . 
  seriously fuck that . 
  still how long will that last , germany did commit the biggest genocide of all time but the british never did anything comparable to ireland , they just governed by the morality of the time as abhorrent as that sometimes was . 
  germany do n't pay reparations to france , and that occupation is far more comparable . 
  i do n't know why you 'd want a united ireland either frankly . 
  if scotland had left the uk in the referendum i would n't want a united britain , it 's entirely up to the people living in an area whether they want to be part of a neighbouring country or not . 
  you seem to hold some type of hope about the north leaving britain , but seriously i have to ask why do you care ? 
  what business is it of yours , are you strangely attached to the idea of one island , one country or what ? 
  fact is i do think it is ancient history , i do n't see anything relevant to things today . 
  the world today is governed by entirely different things as to how it was then , it 's so foreign to me and people of my generation at it seems bizarre that anyone still talks about these issues . 
  it 's like someone saying the reason kenya is n't a industrial world leader now is because of british colonisation , it 's absurd , kenya never had these things . 
  it 's only the people who choose to try and make the past relevant to today 's situation that think that , and it 's those people and either side of any debate that are wrong , i would welcome a federalised eu frankly , the better to but these ideas about historical aggression affecting today behind us . 
  something about this makes me want to quit my job , invest in 5 ounces of top quality high grade , throw my phone away and retire from life . 
  i love how nationalistic americas fap to aircraft carriers , yeah because those 10 or so billion dollar ships carrying 80 aircraft each are the only way to project force around the world . 
  using an allied nation 's land to mount air assault is complete absurd , the only thing that matters is aircraft carriers guys , because the us has more of them than anyone qed ... 
  that 's pretty much assuming a war situation like we have n't since ww2 where instead it being broadly the un member states against one or two rogue nations , it 's a large alliance of countries fighting another large alliance . 
  point is we live in a globalised world where such a war is pretty much unthinkable . 
  you really do n't need carrier to deal with countries like iraq , and in the former example 800 aircraft is n't going to be enough . 
  what i do n't like is the notion that long past historical events are endlessly responsible for trouble in ireland . 
  yes you can pull some slight causality between past and present but you ca n't just blame all your troubles on things that happened in the past . 
  like if someone has a bad upbringing they ca n't just blame that on their adult problems , at some point you have to say the slate is now clean . 
  i can see how the troubles of the past half century affect today , but going back to the plantation days and the famine seems ridiculous to me . 
  most of my family are british catholics , but it would be absurd for them to blame their current status on the historical oppression of british catholics in places like lancaster and so forth . 
  also i 'll add that there are vile racists on both sides in ulster , there are also peaceable loyalists who simply did n't want any part in the republic unmotivated out of racism , merely feeling that they still wanted to be part of the uk . 
  i do n't think the partition of ireland is the route of any problems , merely a symptom of a problem which is the disunity between catholic and protestant communities . 
  as for the famine , this one really gets me when irish nationalists start spouting about genocide . 
  i mean first off the famine was caused by the blight not the british , it was a tragic natural phenomena . 
  secondly there 's no evidence that the british deliberately stopped the flow of grain into ireland , it 's likely that more grain still came into ireland than went out , the wealthy inhabitants of dublin could still buy imported food , but the wealthy landowners exported because they only cared about the highest return on their yield . 
  what was at work though was ruthless laissez faire capitalism , demand exceeded supply and most the population could not afford the prices . 
  there was also inadequate infrastructure to supply the rural areas with food and the profits to be made did not exceed the risk . 
  naturally as with anywhere in times of crisis crime was high and trying to transport large amounts of food anywhere was dangerous . 
  there was some effort on behalf of the british to feed ireland with the soup kitchens and arguable the one evil act on the behalf of the british was to stop these efforts . 
  however the mentality of the time was one that did not support the notion of charity , people believed in divine providence , namely that if you were hard on your luck you deserved it . 
  notions like utilitarianism were still a long way off , plenty of british people were starving and dying from overwork in workhouses in the uk despite an abundance of food . 
  it really irks me when people apply today 's moral standards to the past , future generations will no doubt look back at us as barbarians for only doing as much as we do to help the third world . 
  finally i wonder how large ireland 's populations would be had there not been massive amounts of emigration to other parts of the world . 
  i imagine it would at least match the pre-famine levels . 
  twist : the last time they saw each other was at a dinner party . 
  fyi i , and i reckon many other guys as well probably , find blowjobs highly overrated . 
  the average vagina is pretty damn grippy on my penis , but instead you 're going to lightly run your lips up and down my penis . 
  i think the only reason some guys like it a lot is because they 're super turned on by act of blowjobs , stimulationwise it 's really not all that . 
  that 's why it 's called a she-pee, 
  they are apply for a photo id , although most people use their driving licence since almost everyone at that age gets a provision licence which is equally good id as the real thing , so regardless of whether they are taking their test they 'll have id . 
  that or bring your passport with you . 
  some nightclubs are equally or not more anal . 
  usually the shittier clubs with the worse client\u00e8le too . 
  i 've seen 30 year old turned away from some since they introduced an everyone must have id regardless of how old they are rule . 
  bed over backwards ? 
  sounds kinky ? 
  this is easyjet they 're basically going to say fuck you whatever you do . 
  i wonder if the scouser wants some vinegar with that chip on her shoulder . 
  well actually britain became french , which became part of the eu , american became the seat of the crown 's power and took over most the world . 
  ironically the eu is pretty much the only place not under the control of the crown . 
  the butter , the money of the butter and the arse of the creamery ? 
  french ... not even once ... 
  that 's retarded , militias are notoriously terrible at fighting , i 'd take 100 highly trained well equipped soldiers over 1000 angry morons with guns any day . 
  thank you for your service !, 
  travelling ? 
  america !, 
  go europe !, 
  yes daily mcdonalds will do that ... 
  do n't know why everyone is supporting the police . 
  there was no assault . 
  typical of these things really the security guards try and grab people to force them to leave , the protesters resist the security and in being resisted the security decide they 've been assaulted , mainly because they 're powerless to do anything and this bruises their fragile thug egos , tell the police that they 've been assaulted and the police have a green light to break the protest using force . 
  except almost every word that begins with a - qu ? 
  i think you 're missing the point ... 
  it is completely clear , it does n't matter what side the hyphen goes on , that 's just pedantry . 
  a word ca n't be `` beging '' with anything either , but i can understand you . 
  you say no words have a `` wa '' sound in english , i say you 're correct except for almost every english word beginning with `` qu '' e.g quack , quick , quentin . 
  they all begin with `` kw '' . 
  the french `` croi '' is just an english `` kwa '' ( or qua ) with a uvular fricative `` r '' added , the sound we do n't have in english is the `` r '' not the `` kwa '' sound , that 's why it makes sense to say `` kwason '' and not to say `` krahson '' , which is an ill educated phonetic interpretation . 
  frankly i do n't know how on earth you can make a statement like that the `` wa '' sound does n't exist in english , when afaik it exists in every english dialect , and get upvoted for it ... 
  whatever man i do n't even care that much about how you say it . 
  the point i 'm making is that there exists nigh on perfect anglicised approximation you can say entirely in phonemes that are common as hell in all english dialects . 
  we should probably spell it quason to compensate for phonetics , but that 's kinda treating people like dummies . 
  the truth is it 's only america that does the kruhsant thing anyway ( guess what kruhsant is n't the only way americans say it maybe you should stop making generalisations about america before you tell me where i 'm from ... anyway ) . 
  the rest of the world finds theses american phonetic pronunciations funny , not because anglicising words is ill-educated , as this video well proves it 's damn well stupid to not anglicise words lest you sound like a try hard idiot , but rather because the french way of saying it is n't that hard to approximate in english . 
  it 's funny because despite the ease of the close approximation many americans persist with a phonetic style interpretation , fearing it to be pretentious or marking them as a europhile . 
  it 's a bit like when someone says jalapeno with a `` j '' instead of an `` h '' , if there was no `` h '' in english dialects this would n't be weird it would be a natural anglicisation , but in since `` h '' does exist , saying jalapeno with a - j makes you look a bit stupid and ignorant , or at least unworldly or inexperienced . 
  i bet if you went to taco bell and your friend asked for jalapenos with a `` j '' , you 'd laugh and correct them right ? 
  so why is n't it the case with croissants ? 
  truth is america is the only place that this mispronunciation became wide spread enough to be accepted as a standard form . 
  naturally this is funny to europeans and english speakers in the rest of the world , most of whom will have some mandatory french at school , although i 'm sure you could have the same laughs if you took an australian to a mexican restaurants so why are you so mad about it ? 
  pretty much that 's my point . 
  i only say it 's ill educated because it started with being said by people who did n't know the correct pronunciation , whilst more educated americans probably said it the british way , but then gained traction so now it 's the norm and it might get a laugh you did n't use this way . 
  nowadays people are probably more aware of how it 's pronounced in french , but it seems quite humorous , and quite stereotypically american , that it does n't seem to be changing back . 
  btw i 'm saying that anglicisation is a process whereby you approximate a sound in a foreign language in the closest sounds available in your native language . 
  au pair becomes oh pair , en route becomes on root , schadenfraude becomes shahdenfroiduh and so forth . 
  this is obviously not a bad thing or you sound like the guy in the video . 
  my point is that changing the spelling of loan words to reflect orthography is not something that english does . 
  what seems funny to some is how americans do not simply anglicise loan words , but actually invent entirely new words by phonetically interpreting the words in their foreign spelling . 
  i ca n't say i think this is the way to go if you want to appear educated but still it 's not really top of priorities nor is it harming anyone so whatever . 
  i 'd just say when in rome . 
  i mean if you went to a supermarket in the us and asked for `` viners '' they 'd look at you like you 'd lost your mind . 
  again another example of american phonetic pronunciation they become `` weeners '' , people called wagner sometimes say their names like a dog wagging its tail . 
  i mean everyone just does what 's normal to them , no point being prescriptivist about it , but naturally other parts of the world will think it 's funny , ca n't help that either .
