  i did n't have to give a fuck what anyone thought about me because at the end of the day a correct answer is a correct answer , and your grade will speak for itself . 
  in work , however , one thing at really holds me back is the difficulty i have trying to convince other people that i 'm good at my job , rather than merely demonstrating that i know what i 'm doing with what i produce at the end of it . 
  i absolutely despise applying for jobs and interviews , because i feel so uncomfortable promising people that i 'm all this or that . 
  i 'd much rather walk into a job interview , have a mock project put in front of me , and show them what i 'm capable of . 
  to me , job interviews just feel like a incredibly shallow and slightly demeaning exercise where each candidate has a shot at trying to bullshit and bedazzle the person in charge of hiring with a load of codswallop that has little relation to how they do their job . 
  looking back i really wish i 'd gone into a line of work where i could sell a specific skill rather than selling who i am . 
  i went down a rather generic route of study and all the jobs i got out of it , mostly office work , i found soul crushing and totally unsuitable for me . 
  now i 've ended up working as a tutor , which i actually enjoy a lot , but i know it 's never going to make me rich enough to been seen as successful and get me the hallmarks of maturity that i see some of my friends getting . 
  i 've never known the financial security that comes with significant savings , ca n't afford a nice car , a mortgage , nice holidays . 
  while i 'm not broke , i just do n't have any extra money for real luxuries , my luxuries are splashing out on a take away or a nice steak from the supermarket , whereas i have friends who are taking holidays in the bahamas , buying houses , and driving bmws . 
  i do n't mind this lifestyle that much , i 'm happy enough , i 'm approaching 30 and find myself envious of the security some of my friends have . 
  i went to a top school for my country of origin ( uk ) , did ppe ( politics , philosophy , and economics ) and so far i 've ended up tutoring people in english : / humanities ( liberal arts ) are fine if you 're the right kind of person , the kind of person who can network , display impressive social skills , and utilise the prestige of your degree to get into the right circles . 
  for anyone else , however , it 's a just a choice between further academic study , semi-skilled work , and the dole queue . 
  what made it worse is that when i was applying to university back in 2005 or whenever it was , the economy was booming and the mentality was very much , get any old degree from the most prestigious university that 'll take you and you 'll walk onto a graduate programme and then the sky 's the limit , we just need good people . 
  by the time i was finished with studies the mentality had gone from that to get a stem degree from any university you can because unless you 've got a specific skill to sell in this market then you 're very much surplus to requirements . 
  to be fair , there 's nothing about bad grades that will give someone the ability to plough through life . 
  let 's face it , there are probably more kids who had bad grades that ended up in shitty situations as adults than there are kids who had great grades and ended up in shitty situations . 
  it 's merely that there 's no strong correlations between getting good grades and financial success in the real world . 
  really weird to just randomly hear german when you 're expecting english . 
  my bad, 
  i have you tagged as `` racist yuropeen '' , i guess you managed to get a comment upvoted beyond +5 on / r/european at some point . 
  wow it 's like 2004 all over again . 
  no offence , but imo if it was n't for the nationalism and cultural history lurking behind motorsports i do n't think nascar would be a big thing . 
  seriously , the car might be real but going around in a circle all day is not real driving . 
  between rally and f1 i do n't really see much demand for nascar . 
  yeah but only half of reddit is from the us . 
  i guess i 'm just having a moan , but almost all i see here is advice on getting to korea/japan/china ( visas etc. ) . 
  i rarely read it anymore as someone who teaches in germany it mostly does n't apply . 
  what most people are doing , essentially work tourism in the far or middle east , working in massive language schools , seems a million miles from what i do , which is mostly business english in german companies and preparing people for ielts or cae . 
  to the travelling types tefl seems to be all about navigating an alien culture , avoiding getting fucked by dodgy companies , and getting the paperwork that will let them do it . 
  whereas for me tefl is literally just a job i do , and i 'm more interested in hearing about the work side than the how to do it . 
  i must say i find that attitudes of a lot of these teachers in asia rather difficult to relate to and occasionally mildly offensive . 
  / r/sinofaze 's suggestion that there 's no demand for english outside of this little `` few years in asia in a country with draconian laws '' bubble just pissed me off a tad . 
  yes , that is what many people on this sub are doing , however , tefl is a vastly bigger industry than that . 
  this is / r/tefl not / r/iwanttogotoasiaforafewyearsanddiscovermyself, 
  i agree , and i 'm really just having a moan . 
  but the truth is that tefl is bigger than that . 
  it 's a huge world industry that 's not merely centred around fresh university graduates trying to get out and see a bit of the world for a few years before heading back to the security of their home back in the states and boring all their friends and colleagues to death with their stories about their time in asia . 
  the guy i responded to 's comment of '' there 's hardly any countries with any reasonable demand for english that are tolerant of weed-use . '', 
  just drove home how myopic and `` asian work tourism '' oriented many of the posters here are . 
  just because most developed western nations are n't so desperate for english teachers as to have agencies willing to handle your visa application , find you accommodation , and find your job for you , does n't mean there is no `` reasonable demand '' for tefl skills . 
  his friends are illegal immigrants , and he 's suggesting that you become an illegal immigrant . 
  however , unlike most illegal immigrants who are just trying to escape poverty , he 's suggesting you do it for no other reason than to be a work tourist . 
  this is not the first time i 've heard of americans doing things like this in europe , i 've met a few americans in berlin who were working remotely in the states and using stuff like airbnb for accommodation . 
  honestly it 's something i consider rather a dick move . 
  i 'm sure the american people would take a dim view of europeans from wealthy nations coming to america and working illegally without paying any tax whatsoever , they have no excuse , so why should the spanish be any more forgiving ? 
  especially when spain is n't exactly economically hot right now and has huge problems with youth unemployment . 
  i 'll also add that it 's a really bad idea just from a practical point of view , morality aside , because you 'll have no health insurance , which could mean heavy bills if you get sick or have an accident , and be totally unable to access any government services . 
  additionally , if the spanish authorities catch up with you then they 'll deport you and slap you with a fine for the pleasure . 
  if you did manage to make a life for yourself there , you 'd be living in the constant fear that you could lose it in a blink of an eye . 
  i strongly advice you to go the proper route of getting a visa . 
  i know that it is n't always easy for americans to come work legitimately in europe , but nor is it easy for europeans to come work in america . 
  that 's just the way it goes unfortunately as neither bloc wants to lose their existing talent . 
  i do n't think you 'll have any problems whatsoever given you have a russian passport , probably the biggest factor . 
  your knowledge of the language will be a massive advantage too . 
  you could jump on a plane the day after securing a position and move out there with no hassle whatsoever . 
  bear in mind that the russia economy is rather shitty at the moment though . 
  not really . 
  some jacked up ego inflated wankers tend to think it makes them super human . 
  that 's like believing that if you have a masters in comp sci you 're automatically some kind of leet hacker . 
  in reality , you can be a leading psychiatrist or psychotherapist and still be a bumbling socially inept bastard in your personal life . 
  bear in mind that ket can be addictive in its own way . 
  it 's not like heroin in that it causes you to get physically sick if you withdraw , nor is it like crack where it causes a massive psychological need to keep taking it . 
  however , i seen people get bladder infections from railing a gram or two a day and still keep taking it . 
  for these people railing a few lines of ket is just a way to take the edge off , and not the massive k-hole trip most people experience because of tolerance . 
  your poor nose though . 
  if someone calls you `` unclassy '' then i would n't take it to heart given that 's not even a real word . 
  i 'd be more concerned if they call you `` classless '' . 
  what on earth is a kebob ? 
  is that like a kebab made by some guy called bob ? 
  it 's 4.5 kilos . 
  in the uk a kilo could be sold for minimum # 7000 , that 's # 31,500 , that 's $ 46,000 . 
  in much of europe a gram costs 10 euros . 
  that 's 45,000 euros , or $ 50,700 . 
  the maths checks out . 
  remember this is the sales price , assuming those 10 pounds were broken into small bags and sold to users . 
  the buying price will be roughly 30-40 % less than the sales price . 
   in a college philosophy course , he asked the professor `` how do i know if the blue i see is the blue you see ? '', 
  apparently , this `` blew his mind '' , upsetting him so much that he retired early . 
  lol , philosophy professor has mind blown by material covered in every 1st year philosophy course . 
  it 's funny because i can see how a dumb person could think he was the first to come up with this . 
  i 'd love to see dune reimagined in a way that reflected the scale and darkness of the world f.h really describes . 
  i actually quite like lynch 's attempt , especially the fan edits , but i do n't think it did it justice . 
  that said i think some elements would n't work on screen , i mean helicopters with flapping wings ? 
  anti-intellectualism in your culture . 
  just because it 's a democracy does not mean all opinions are equal . 
  edit : i 'm not saying that the us is the only country with anti-intellectualism , but out of the western nations it seems to be the worst afflicted . 
  rescind the declaration of independence and pledge allegiance to the crown obviously . 
  all the founding fathers to be retroactively charged with treason , dug up and hanged . 
  re-educate the masses so they realise all america 's problems are due to their no good oath breaking treacherous forebears . 
  nothing good can come of a nation born of treachery . 
  i just do n't get how you can confuse a and o , it 's like confusing u and e. 
  timed charges hidden there by the cia ... obviously . 
  [ smart bunch ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fb7epqtoimq ), 
  well first i 'd make sure to secure control of the military and intelligence agencies through a mixture of blackmail , force , and deception so nobody could oppose me . 
  how could they charge me with treason against a country that never truly existed ? 
  anyone caught suggesting the so called united states of america was ever a real thing , rather than a mass delusion of treachery occurring in a rightful british colony gone rogue while the crown awaited the right moment to retake control of their rightful territory would themselves be guilty of treason against the crown . 
  what you 're saying it a bit like saying to the founding fathers that they `` do n't have the power to found a nation , that would be treasonous to the crown . 
  you 'll be arrested '' . 
  that , however , is true !,
