  all dutch does is make me think i 've forgotten how to speak german . 
  it 's so uniquely american to have shooting competitions . 
  that 's why america loses in the shooting in the olympics every few years . 
  fun fact , doodle is low germanic for moron and the song was originally a british war song mocking the american colonial forces while fighting the french . 
  people always seem to overestimate the extent to which humans are prey , not realising that even in prehistory humans were pretty high in the food chain . 
  really we 've got a lot going for us , we 're not commonly eaten so there 's no learnt prey response in any species , we 're also pretty big mammals in the grand scheme of things and walking upright only makes us appear bigger . 
  we 're incredibly weak for our size compared to most mammals , but that 's because we evolved to be endurance hunters and have one of the highest if not the highest ( i ca n't remember ) endurance of any living creature insofar as it 's perfectly possible for any healthy human to run 20 miles non-stop , helped by our bodies remarkable ability to lose heat through sweat and the lack of fur . 
  this made us lose a lot of fast twitch muscle in favour of more slow twitch that allows for prolonged activity . 
  naturally the animals do n't know that , had we not evolved this way we 'd most likely be stronger than a chimpanzee and weaker than a gorilla , which would make a formidable opponent for any animal really . 
  virtually no animals prey on humans out of choice except maybe polar bears who never learnt to fear us due to lack of interaction . 
  of course desperate animals will attack anything that looks edible , including other predators sometimes , so when you hear about animal attacks it 's usually that people have had the misfortune of meeting starving animals . 
  gone *, 
  i think the point is though that horses can only run for a while , they can gallop or canter for a bit but then they get hot and need to walk . 
  humans however can keep up a steady running pace constantly so that they do n't let their prey get out of sight . 
  human hunting in the wilderness would have mostly involved running an animal over a few miles until it was so hot and tired it would slow and then the humans could surround it and kill it with rocks and spears . 
  there is a competition in wales where humans race horses over 22 miles an although the horses usually win there 's not much in it . 
  well there was a guy who ran like 50 iron man marathons in a row . 
  yep , my point where that nothing to you said in the post before that is particularly unique , there 's hundreds of shooting competition happen every week in russia . 
  even in countries where guns are heavily restricted there 's still no shortage of shooting clubs where you can take your gun for practice . 
  i know the history of the languages , it 's just some people seem to think that if you speak english and german you 'll understand dutch , which is only true for about 10 % of the words when spoken and maybe 20 % when written . 
  both languages are a long way from either and there 's very little mutual intelligibility . 
  frisian is actually closest to english , but unless you speak old english ( beowulf style ) then it 's going to be greek to you . 
  i think that 's a different kind of strength . 
  chimps and cats can jump many metres in the air precisely because they have this super fast twitch muscle that allows for insane amounts of instant power . 
  lifting and bending things takes another kind of strength that is sustained over a longer period of time . 
  the fact exists because humans do not have the same fast twitch muscle that most other primates and predators have , so the info is not entirely unfounded . 
  this needs a thug life and an mlg remix i think . 
  [ spoke too soon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=51&amp;v=r-fk-pqzeyw ), 
  [ way too soon ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ow7wsz7q7-i ), 
  you 're a bigger idiot than him for making this comment . 
  fact is he 's not remotely an idiot , he 's just got a different outlook on life from most people . 
  he 's got a lovable personality and a talent for being funny and sarcastic which people enjoy . 
  if you had n't notice those things are far bigger factors in someone 's success as a celebrity than being a heavyweight intellectual . 
  you should be ashamed of your moronic comments and lack of perspective to acknowledge that . 
  also in the scheme of things there are plenty of celebrities far less deserving of fame than karl pilkington , he 's a comedian and a funny one at that . 
  that or you 're talking shit . 
  mexico and the countries around there need to lay off the snacks . 
  funny how this is such a big deal in some parts of the world , in the uk this was totally normal , at least back in the day when people did n't worry about child abductions and such so much . 
  my parents would leave me in the car with a audiobook on while they nipped around the supermarket . 
  of course it was usually about 12 degree outside . 
  it 's racist but i laughed, 
  i was n't saying it was about about abduction . 
  my point was that back in the day in the uk when i was a kid it was completely normal to leave your kid in the car while you went shopping , probably because in the uk it 's rarely hot enough to be dangerous . 
  it 's probably less common nowadays , not because of heat but because parents would n't feel safe leaving their kids unattended due to fear of child abduction . 
  it just strike me as interesting that leaving kids in the car is such a big no-no in the us while in the uk nobody could give a shit . 
  i think most people do , in the uk when you hit 7 you move into a different school `` junior school '' and by then you 're meant to be able to read a book . 
  sure you 're not as good as an adult but you 're meant to be reading books like goosebumps and stuff by then . 
  i remember lot of my time between age 4-7 was spent learning to read . 
  we 'd have 1 to 1 reading tuition in class ( for about 15 minutes ) with volunteers who 'd come in and help us read . 
  i never remember that happening once i moved into junior school . 
  reading was a given by that point . 
  i think there are multiple ways of doing this . 
  for example , you could just say the syllables backwards . 
  happy then just becomes : pee-hap . 
  this is probably the easiest way to do it , but playing it backwards wo n't sound like anything . 
  the you could do what this girl is doing and flip the word backwards visually and have a go at it phonetically . 
  `` phonetically '' becomes : yllacitenohp . 
  of course all you 're doing his here approximating what such a word would sound like , again if you play it backwards it will just sound like gibberish . 
  what this scottish kid is doing is most impressive , because he 's not just saying syllables in reverse order or approximating words written backwards , but is actually reversing the sounds in his head , definitely a hard skill to master because to most of us would n't have a clue how to figure out what things sound like backwards , it 's not just a simple matter of saying it reading backwards , but actually figuring out the shape of the sound . 
  diphthongs for example would need to be figured out saying `` ape '' backwards is not epa , but something like pee-air . 
  pipe would n't be epip but something like pee-ahp and so on . 
  i think what this kid has is just a natural talent for phonetics , he 's not flipping anything around visually but rather making the sounds backwards , he should be a linguistic or something when he grows up . 
  well that depends if you pronounce the - r when it 's in that position . 
  for many people it would be maude . 
  that 's completely wrong for a number of reasons . 
  one i very much doubt he 's spent all his time listening to words backwards learning them . 
  to suggest that would mean a kid this young has done the equivalent of learn language by himself , literally learning every word in his vocabulary forwards and backwards . 
  two such a thing is completely unnecessary , once you break every component of sound in the english language into it 's backwards form and practice it a bit anyone could train themselves to do this . 
   playing back a sound backwards in your head is not a thing humans are known to be able to do, 
  wrong again . 
  it 's perfectly possible to break down a word and play it backwards in your head with a bit of understanding of phonetics . 
  it just takes us time to think about it . 
  `` maracas '' for example is just `` sac-car-uhm '' . 
  this kid just happens to be a bit more gifted at worked out how phonetics than most people , it 's not magic . 
  he 's just good at it and has managed work out all by himself how certain sounds are vocalised and how to reverse the action . 
  what 's more i can prove it . 
  [ i just made this with a piece of paper and a spare minute ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s1a4ciwwqbhs ) . 
  this is what i [ actually said ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s1qbnhiqmzli ) . 
  there 's no reason why anyone could n't do that in their head . 
  what 's impressive is that the kid is doing it with no formal knowledge of phonetics and obviously just has a good ear for it , you can tell how talented he is by how clear it sounds when it 's played back . 
  because everyone already knows what a busker is unless they 've been living under a rock for their whole life ? 
  ah point taken , english is n't their first language . 
  to be fair the german school system is retarded . 
  to be fair i did it and i still fucked up two questions out of sheer laziness and got a ridiculous answer , then went back and fixed my working . 
  i do n't use maths very often and it was effort . 
  then again if i was doing test that mattered i 'm sure i 'd get all of these correct , however if you stuck it front of me aged 15 and said it would n't affect my grade i 'd probably just write the first thing that came into my head and not even bother to check my working . 
  i love how they put english at the bottom . 
  i 'm assuming the second to last is rumantsch . 
  one thing i noticed about the signs in switzerland is that they 're written in german / french / italian and english , which is cool if you 're practising your language skills . 
  in germany it tends just to be german and english , or in the case of the s-bahn german , english and french . 
  wow you 're a moron , i feel sorry for your kid . 
  fucking neckbeard idiot , take your occam 's razor ( something neckbeard redditors like to drop into argument to appear educated ) and shove it up your arse . 
  clearly it 's simpler that he 's learnt a whole language by himself than he just has a knack for reversing phonemes , because according to you reversing sounds is `` impossible '' it 's not `` known '' , while kids picking up languages completely of their own volition is so common ( kids learn languages through exposure , no child deliberately exposes themselves to a foreign language just to learn it ) . 
  i mean seriously are you smoking crack ? 
  in what universe do you live that you think it 's remotely plausible that he 's learnt all these word backwards through mimicry than that he just has relatively simple ability to imagine what something sounds like backwards , you must be retarded or something . 
  you are just the stereotypical know nothing neckbeard nerd who think he 's smarter than he is . 
  i tried to explain something to you and you just stick your thumb up your arse and smugly believe your own idiocy . 
  fuck you and your retarded ignorant smug outlook on life you fucking shit for brains ignorant cunt . 
   i can give you several billion examples of kids who learn languages by listening to them . 
  please give one other example of a kid who has a mental ability to fucking reverse wave forms .
