  yeah because clearly that 's what i 'm saying ... fucking idiot . 
  on their intake i think . 
  if i win a million on the lotto then i get one million tax free in my account . 
  if that same year i lose 200k playing professional poker that money is considered the same as if i had spent it on luxury spa days . 
  neither affect the amount of tax i pay . 
  honestly he did n't even commit a very serious crime . 
  he was underage and drunk , they 'd probably just have taken to the station and put him in a cell while he waited for his parents to arrive . 
  considering my previous consists entirely of statements maybe you should reconsider you definition of twisting `` your '' words . 
  no idea , i 'm not american either , maybe the driver had reported it because he was passing out drunk or something . 
  yeah i know , my point was that just because you see someone being arrested or taken in a police car does n't mean there 's something serious going down . 
  hell once the police gave me a lift home because i 'd fallen asleep drunk in the street ( not my proudest moment ) . 
  4.97 times bigger !, 
  time for those german lessons to pay off . 
  a crap-story , 
  in a small village lived a little girl with the name barbara , and barbara was renowned everywhere for a wonderful rhubarb cake . 
  therefore they called her rhubarb-barbara . 
  rhubarb-barbara quickly realised that she could earn money with her cake , and she opened a bar , the rhubarb-barbara-bar . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar went well , and quickly had regular customers , and the three most well known of them , three barbarians , so often came to the rhubarb-barbara-bar in order to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake , that people shortly called them the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians had beautiful beards , and when the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians wanted their rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beards cut , they went to a barbers . 
  the only barber that could work a rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard was called the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber often liked to go to rhubarb-barbara-bar to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake , and he liked to drink a beer , that he solemnly named a rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer . 
  the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer could only be bought in a very specific bar , and the seller of this rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer , in this rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer-bar , is barbie . 
  and so went the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians together with the rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber and rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer-bar-barbie to the rhubarb-barbara-bar in order to eat rhubarb-barbara 's delicious rhubarb cake and to drink a bottle of ice cold rhubarb-barbara-bar-barbarians-beard-barber-beer . 
  cheers !, 
  enjoy the downvotes moron . 
  that 's exactly what i 've written . 
  b\u00e4rbel = barbie , barbara = barbara . 
  might as well go full english :p most names have an equivalent in european languages for example johannes = john . 
  thanks you 've provided this evening 's dose of comedy !, 
  no , provided, 
  the gold train never runs out , it just goes somewhere new . 
  looks like you 're making stops in canada , greenland and iceland for refuelling if you 're flying usa  uk . 
  what a crock of shit . 
  it may be the same lager wherever you go but lager is a german drink . 
  you raped her !, 
  your murdered her !, 
  you killed her children !, 
  shut up , you know more do n't know than they know mr. 
  i 've done psychedelics . 
  battletoads ? 
  how very beautiful !, 
  would be the english translation . 
  i like how cecil the lion has such a command of archaic grammar , in saying `` let not the actions ... '' but only when he wants to `` what happened does not need ... '' rather than `` what happened need not ... '' . 
  i like how he uses full stops when commas are appropriate `` ever . 
  i am here . '', 
  also how he pointlessly capitalises ordinary nouns like `` light '' and `` love '' , because they 're so important . 
  yes , let the butthurt flow through you ... 
  mini is made by bmw, 
  you 're no king of mine !, 
  this does n't seem like fat logic to me , 1 because it 's a joke and 2 because it 's not defending being obese . 
  to me if fat logic is defending being dangerously fat , not anything that contravenes optimal health . 
  honestly only a small number think this . 
  it 's a combination of speaking the language and having communities with friends and family over here . 
  most illegal immigrants realise they 're going to have a very hard life in the uk , but as they have a hard life where they 're from too they 're willing to accept that . 
  honestly i think redditors generally do need to shut up with the accusations of logical fallacies . 
  people love to throw around the names of fallacies because they think it makes them look more intelligent , but most of the time they have failed to identify the fallacy correctly , or there is n't one . 
  they 'd be much better off just explaining why they think the argument is wrong / facetious rather than simply showing off the name of a fallacy they learnt from wikipedia . 
  recently some / r/iamverysmart type chap told me i was wrong because my argument was reductio ad absurdum . 
  the irony being that reductio is not a fallacy but a valid form of argument . 
  it strikes me as a typical neckbeard thing to learn the names of all the different types of fallacy in a vain attempt to win internet argument but then to completely fuck up their application . 
  ad hominem is often thrown around by people who think it means `` you were insulting '' . 
  if i say `` jeremy clarkson is a moron , his views on climate change are wrong '' , that 's not an ad hominem , that 's an insult followed by a statement of belief . 
  i would have to say `` jeremy clarkson is wrong because he 's a moron '' for it to be an ad hominem . 
  this was on in the uk when i was very young and i really enjoyed it + the awesome theme music . 
  steven job was n't even brilliant nor clever . 
  just a huge douche with a cult of cocksuckers behind him . 
  lol america must be the only first world country left where you can actually still buy stuff with a check . 
  german is a wonderful long !, 
  a fine long it is !, 
  ( the word you 're looking for is sprache ), 
  you do n't eat orange juice , you drink it . 
  np , good luck with duolingo , i finished it a few months ago and i 've just finished my b1 german certificate . 
  or should i say `` keine sorgen . 
  flak cannon ready !, 
  this is from the late 90s ... 
  that was made in the 90s but it looks like it was made in the 70s to be honest . 
  this just scares and disturbs me , beyond the normal bizarre japanese television with crazy edits and graphics everywhere , beyond the food that i have no idea what it is , but also just the less obvious things , what the hell kind of school bag was that ? 
  what was the device see seemed to be using to cook both vegetables and egg , why did she write on the clothing with marker pen ? 
  why is everyone clapping ? 
  i think i 'm getting vicarious culture shock . 
  he getting downvoted because of the tone of his stupid post . 
  instead of just appreciating a mildly amusing video he sounds like he 's saying `` so what , i can get ready faster '' . 
  truth is nobody cares how fast he gets ready . 
  his post was crap and therefore he 's being downvoted for it . 
  remember american conservatism , just like the politics of fascism or stalinism , is fundamentally religious in nature . 
  it starts from the premise we had hold these truths to be self-evident and therefore everything that follow must be correct , and anything that contradicts that what follows must be wrong . 
  it does n't matter if left wing economies are booming with their hdi sky high , or if right wing conservative economies are floundering , it can not be the truth that they were wrong , there must be some elaborate story to be found behind the scenes explaining why it appears that way while really being different , secretly americans have the best lives , most freedoms and best economic opportunities even when every metric available states otherwise . 
  consequently the suffering of millions of people in left wing economies can ultimately only be a good thing , since it is just a necessary step towards enlightenment and the righteous path . 
  not a hint of irony when they say `` in america we speak english '' . 
  well if that 's the case perhaps you should all swear fealty to her majesty or learn to get along with languages other than english . 
  seek help . 
  perhaps brush up on your english ? 
  you have to make yourself , eat , exercise and sleep . 
  honestly within a few weeks sleep with feel more natural ( which exercise helps with ) and hunger will make more sense . 
  your body releases natural feel good hormones around these things that motivate good habits , weed throws that completely into touch . 
  i know the stereotypes is that weed makes you hungry , but actually when i was a heavy smoker i 'd wait until like 3pm most days to eat , only knowing i was genuinely hungry by a sense of irritation and exhaustion . 
  now i can eat a hearty breakfast and feel better for it . 
  i also remember i slept a lot when i was quitting , while before i 'd gladly stay up til 4am every night , this time seemed to have less purpose when i was quit , and although i still stay up quite late 1am-ish , i do n't pointless extend the night and waste the day to the same degree . 
  [ i think this is more accurate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fezznwdlsge ), 
  as someone who speaks english and german , i doubt that statement .
