  in the muthafucking sea yo, 
  now have him swear allegiance to the queen forthwith !, 
  what are you laying :p ? 
  this coat of arms does not exist :p, 
  i have always wanted to know how native americans feel about british people , in fact about europeans generally . 
  sadly as a briton i 've never met one . 
  are we good because we were the ones that did n't come over to steal your lands ? 
  or bad because we sent our people over to steal your land ? 
  i mean it 's not like any of my particular ancestors chose to leave for the new world . 
  is it better to be a european who stayed in europe ? 
  how do you feel about europe generally ? 
  with those kinds of arguments i 'm pretty sure you 're not a lawyer in any shape for form . 
  all laws have an ethical component and it 's not `` entirely subjective '' , unless you mean everything is entirely subjective which of course it is , we 've no way of stepping outside ourselves to escape our subjectivity . 
  what matters is what people agree on . 
  we give law makers the power to create laws in the hope that they will reflect society 's ethics . 
  when law makers are unaccountable to the will of the people you 're living in tyranny . 
  now you can argue it 's not the job of lawyers to decide if the law is right or wrong , because it 's not , they are not law makers , but it 's certainly the job of the judiciary , executive , and legislature to embody ethical ideals in law in accordance with the will of the people moderated by expert opinion . 
  yes , but what you 're saying is the opposite from natural imo . 
  tefl is only lucrative when there is an artificial increase in demand above that of supply . 
  if demand never exceeded supply then for the most tefl would just be a very ordinary job with an average rate of pay , in the same way that teaching adults in further education is . 
  the point is , whenever there 's a gold mine in tefl it 's by necessity just a blip , and the market will inevitably restore the wages of english teachers to a level that reflect the real world value of the profession . 
  ultimately tefl is a job that you can a one month training course in and start straight away . 
  now like any job , people are n't equal , and a language teacher with many years experience is worth more than a newbie , but at some point it becomes cost efficient to stop raising the pros salary and hire someone newer who 'll work for less instead . 
  the `` elite '' tefl market is very small , and very few people are willing to pay an exceptional teacher what they 're worth . 
  ultimately tefl is n't a job that 's protected by needing a fancy degree or an understanding that the job is very difficult . 
  companies can , for the most , make more money sending a fresh faced celta qualified student out there as they can employing someone is an ma in pedagogy and 15 years experience teaching english . 
  that is nothing more than a slogan exclaimed by political groups with no understanding of its meaning . 
  ethics is literally the study of morality , and in the context of my previous post they 're completely interchangeable . 
  lawmakers should have a sense of morality , to distinguish right from wrong , and also they should have an understanding of ethics , in order to better conceptualise and formalise those moral sentiments . 
  an understanding of ethics , which involves the study of explicit formations of expressions of moral sentiment , is an absolute necessity for lawmakers , because it so closely resembles the task lawmakers are called upon to perform ; the definition of the pervading moral sentiment into rules that seek to govern society by means of natural language . 
  lawyers need n't give a shit about morality , because it 's not part of their job description . 
  their interests are following the law and serving the interests of whoever they are representing . 
  the notion that law is ethics free , however , is absurd . 
  when it comes to lawmaking there are pretty much just two factors in play , ethics and governance , one is about doing what is ultimately right , the other is about pragmatically ensuring the pareto optimal outcome , or greater good if you want , for society given the situation we find ourselves in . 
  what 's more is that ethics inevitably leads governance but influencing the degree of value or condemnation to which we assign to various behaviours , simply put , if your ethics tells you that divorce is n't as bad as prostitution you 'll be inclined to think a society with more divorce and less prostitution is preferable to one in which both stay the same . 
  so , yes , ethics is a massively important part of the law , it 's just one that happens to lie more in statesmanship rather than the legal profession . 
  fyi `` ethics is not the same as morality '' is something said by political groups in an attempt to suggest that their opinions are based in good old moral sentiment whereas the opinions of the opposition are somehow perverted by their conceptual explication of their moral sentiment in the form of ethics . 
  this is sophistry at its worst ; in reality political boundaries are not determined by the degree to which its adherents conceptualise their moral intuition , nor does the degree of conceptualisation have any role in whether we judge a particularly position to be perverse . 
  seriously , stop talking such utter nonsense , the idea that there is no ethical component to how our society is run is ridiculous . 
  the law has absolutely everything to do with ethics , is are the fundamentals of modern civilisation we 're talking about . 
  you 're just spouting nonsense in a vain attempt to justify whatever absurd position you 've taken . 
  stop it , it 's not healthy . 
  i 'm not saying that it 's not the case anywhere . 
  there 's a global trend towards what can seem somewhat callous behaviours compared to how people in the past were expected to treat each other ( although they very often did n't i will add ) . 
  i live in the rhineland area of germany now and i 've just found it nicer . 
  people just do n't seem to jaded in the way that people in english speaking countries have become . 
  there 's more civic pride , more of an optimism for the future ( because what could be worse than germany 's past right ? ), 
  and a greater level engage with social issues . 
  more people seem concerned with making their neighbourhood a nice place to live . 
  of course , in rural areas and poor areas this devolve into racism , bigotry , but it does that in the uk too . 
  to put it simply i feel like the world is going through a collective process of dumbing down but perhaps anglo cultures are more affected by it right now than other non english speaking first world countries . 
  i 've always felt like the uk as a country was somewhat more reasonable and moderate than a country like the us , but i 'm starting to feel that many countries in europe relate to the uk in much the same way . 
  they come frozen so you can defrost them at home and they will no longer be old , you never seen frozen pastry goods before ? 
  breakin the law , breakin the law !, 
  europe has had 1l and 1.5 l bottles for while now . 
  the price of food is greater here so there 's more demand for smaller quantities . 
  not really , however on the off chance someone wants to go ice skating i can jump straight on and do pretty well, 
  clever girl ... 
  it 's just for people who do n't drink that much coke to keep in the fridge . 
  what do you mean you understand the cranberries ? 
  what kind of supermarket does n't have cranberries ? 
  you colonials manage to stock 20 + types of pop tart but ca n't even manage decent fresh produce or something ? 
  guess people think you high falutin ' with your year round cranberries . 
  do n't worry , they 're available year round in much of europe too . 
  or as britain calls thanksgiving `` u wot m8 ? '' . 
  every day is our thanksgiving , thankful for the fact our ancestors followed mainstream religious denominations and therefore never felt the leave these blessed isles . 
  i 'm pretty sure both countries have contributed more to the world culturally than wisconsin ... 
  offence * , if you do n't use our spelling will boot you our the commonwealth . 
  america just seems bonkers , americans feel out of step with the `` old ways '' . 
  if society is going to go wacky it always happens in the us . 
  it 's like even more extreme than other colonies because the us detached itself from itself from the old world more aggressively . 
  the people are super driven and more liable to do whatever they find satisfying than concern themselves with what has historically been considered right to do . 
  american society has no time for nuance and contemplation , it 's all `` do , do , do '' . 
  it 's a wacky place , whenever i go there i feel like i 'm `` beyond the pale '' and into the wild west . 
  yet , i feel bad for quite a few of people living there , i feel like a lot of the poorer crazier ones would 've turned out better if they 'd been socialised by growing up europe . 
  in my experience l2 trainers are never as valued as native trainers and the job market is a lot harder for them . 
  the value of a native trainer is that the people being taught pick up the language as spoken in native countries . 
  i know almost no l2 teachers who could have this affect on a student . 
  is it wrong that the bellcurve like nature of that rating distribution makes me proud of my gender ? 
  except the examples you 've mentioned are the exception and not remotely the rule . 
  furthermore , if someone has spent an extended amount of time in a country arguably they are native speaker . 
  that usually depends on how late in their life it was . 
  doing your entire education in english wo n't make you speak anything like native english unless you were also brought up speaking english at home . 
  a lot of my students have opted to study their degrees in english , and while they 're proficient they do not speak english like a native . 
  cpe ca n't be passed by anyone without preparation usually because much of it is arbitrary logic tests , for example ordering paragraphs to fit dogmatic schemata when most native speakers could n't give a shit about that . 
  nevertheless , a native teacher with knowledge of cpe is preferable to a non-native . 
  i 'm not saying there are no useful non-native teachers , of course there are . 
  especially when it comes to preparing kids for examinations with very specific criteria . 
  however , the idea that these countries are brimming with l2 teachers who speak english at a native level is very arrogant to say the least . 
  they are few and far between . 
  it 's virtually impossible for an l2 speaker to surpass a native speaker in their natural mastery of the language . 
  american and cheese do n't fit into the same sentence ... 
  anyway you ca n't compare the cultural influence of a state with of a country . 
  slovenia and slovakia have entirely unique cultures , us states are just slight variations on a theme . 
  yeah , it 's also a different relationship to capitalism . 
  americans take it for a way of life despite the modern form of capitalism on really existing for 100 years . 
  look at something like black friday , these things catch on because americans do n't hold themselves to old fashioned notion about just gregarious displays of avarice being distasteful . 
  sure , there are millions of idiots in europe who would rush to involve themselves in something as absurd as black friday , but there 's much more pressure amongst the rest of society to constrain people from doing it . 
  of course , when things catch on america they become more normalised and often the dumber parts of other societies , such as european societies , rush to embrace them . 
  the american poor , seem to me to be poorly led .
