  just one . 
  good luck . 
  millions of people could do it if there any real value to doing so , the fact that you see it as a kind of magic and believe humans are not known to be able to imagine sounds backwards is n't my problem . 
  furthermore thinking of it as `` reversing wave forms '' is fucking stupid ( typical reddit pseudo-science , dressing stuff up in scientific language to sound authoritative ) . 
  all it is is producing a sound backwards . 
  a musician could hear a song and play it backwards , he is not `` reversing wave forms '' , just as anyone could hear a word and produce is backwards if they really tried . 
   except for all the ones who do , but that 's irrelevant . 
  no , because none do , kids only learn languages because they are placed in situations where they are around the languages and absorb them . 
  if you know the first fucking thing about language acquisition then it would be obvious to you that kids do n't go , i 'll learn german/backwards speak today and get practising like an adult would . 
   the girl in the op did n't acquire her skill deliberately . 
  look up the meaning of deliberately but anyway . 
  what the girl did was learn to read backwards and then imagining any word backwards became trivial , exactly like how this kid has practised reproducing the word backwards and soon saying any word back became trivial . 
  what the girl did n't do is read backwards to the point where she knows twice as many words as normal people with her vocabulary , memorising all the backwards versions alongside the forwards one . 
  all she did was learn to see the word backwards . 
  the scottish kid has done exactly the same with sound . 
  he has not learnt all the words backwards as if they were new words . 
   the world where all kids learn all their words though mimicry . 
  err again your ignorance is showing , kids copy adult speakers that 's how the acquire their abilities . 
   this is n't hard . 
  you 're just unbelievably stupid . 
  jesus christ , you are just a typical reddit idiot who thinks he knows everything , you know what fuck it , i 'm not even mad , i was insulting last night but i 'd had a few . 
  what i will say is that i think you a absolutely insane if you think this kid has learnt to speak backwards like he would learn a foreign language , such an act would take such a long time to attain the level of fluency he has . 
  look up child language learning , it 's not a fast process ( sure faster than an adult but it still takes years ) , children mostly pick up languages quickly because they 're blank slates , and also because they years of exposure to the language where they quietly listen to adults around them speaking . 
  there are tons of studies on it , just go read one if you care . 
  on the other hand reversing a word is so obviously and possible that any idiot could be taught to do it in a week . 
  that 's why you have n't heard of it , because it 's so patently unremarkable , it does not require a knowledge of phonemes . 
  furthermore being a gifted phoneticist does not require knowledge of phonetics , just as being a musician does not require knowledge of musical theory . 
  some people are just talented at picking out sounds , and anyone with this talent could easily practise reversing them until they could speak like this kid . 
  not only is this eminently possible , but actually far fucking easier than listening to yourself speak backwards and trying to reproduce that sound , once it 's done you could say anything backwards and you could easily be as fluent as this kid is , it would barely take a second to think about . 
  the fact that your whole argument is based of a shaky popular culture understanding that kids learn languages fast while simultaneously believing that imagining sounds backwards in your head is impossible because it 's not a well known thing should show you how crap the grounds of your opinions are . 
  wow you 're so full of your own ignorance it 's staggering . 
   so billions of people actually doing it ever day vs `` millions of could do it , probably , i think '' . 
  your failure is immense . 
  millions of people do not pick up languages easily through just hearing the sound every day fucking idiot . 
  do you even speak any other languages ? 
  it takes a concerted effort to memorise all the different words , at least for adults , sitting around with a tape recorder does not do it . 
  kids can absorb language more readily , but they do n't willingly sit in a room listening to words until they 've memorised them all like you think this kid has . 
   yes , because wave forms are pseudoscience !, 
  * rofl * the stupid . 
  it burns . 
  suggesting you need to reverse wave forms to speak backwards is pseudo science , you 're just throwing in a scientific term to sound more authoritative when you do n't have the first clue what you 're talking about . 
  plenty of musicians could play a melody backwards without having it written down , talented ones at least . 
  exactly the same is possible with words , it does not require a magical ability to reverse wave forms in your head . 
   playing the notes of a song backwards would be hard enough , unless you were looking at written music , but playing the sounds backwards would be impossible , because you ca n't hear that . 
  there 's no reference . 
  people do n't have the ability to reverse a set of frequency samples in their head . 
  that 's not a thing people do . 
  wow you still do n't get it . 
  there is no difference between saying the words backwards and playing a melody backwards . 
  you 're being such a typical reddit nerd wannabe scientist by think of words as just meaningless sound frequencies , when that 's not remotely necessary in this case . 
  take the word meticulous , / m\u0259\u02c8t\u026ak.j\u028a.l\u0259s / , now say / s\u0259l.\u028aj . 
  ` k\u026at.\u0259m / , now play it backwards , congratulations you 've achieved what this kid has . 
   exactly . 
  thanks for agreeing . 
  no that 's exactly what you 're suggesting he 's doing , just by mimicking recordings and producing a reversed sound . 
  it 's so fucking retarded that you think someone would need to reverse wave forms to achieve what i 'm suggesting , when all he needs to do is make the sounds you make forward but in reverse order , it 's that fucking simple . 
   except for the millions who learn new languages on purposes . 
  your ignorance of the real world ... is staggering . 
  yeah all those 10 year olds just becoming casually fluent in other languages for kicks , we are talking in the context of kids here you fucking numbskull . 
  like i said before kid only learn language because they are forced to be around them for hours by circumstances , they do not sit alone in the dark memorising new sounds . 
  now if you could only put 2 and 2 together . 
  yes , but what you 're suggesting is that he 's sat around listening to backwards words for hours and hours of his life until he 's memorised a lot of them which is so fucking retarded it 's off the scale . 
  it 's perfectly possible to hear what a word would sound like backwards . 
  you seem to think it 's fucking magic though , like it would require a super human ability to `` reverse wave forms '' , and that the only possible explanation is that he 's learnt to do this through rote learning , which is why you 're such a prat . 
   the source that 's being mimicked is irrelevant , which is why it 's possible to learn from recordings . 
  as always , you 're a fucking moron . 
  again you completely fail to grasp the point and just stick your whole fist up your arse and make farting noises . 
  for the nth time kids do not expose themselves to language to learn new languages , they are exposed to it by circumstances outside their control . 
  you are literally suggesting this kid has spent hundreds of hours listening to reverse speech which is so fucking stupid . 
   ah . . so not only are you `` just a typical reddit idiot who thinks he knows everything '' , you 're a solo drunk , and a hypocrite . 
  fail more , fucktard . 
  i 'm not allowed to have a drink now , go back to the bible belt you ignorant cunt . 
   which is why the only video on earth of someone doing this currently has ~ 2 million views and people are calling the video `` crazy '' and `` insane '' . 
  because it 's so `` patently unremarkable '' . 
  most people can not be bothered learning a skill that has no real world application whatsoever , it 's a party trick , the kind of thing only a 10 year old could be bothered getting good at . 
  that said i could easily learn how to do it and i could teach anyone to do it and it would not involve learning hundreds of sounds . 
  it is literally just saying the sounds of a word backwards , that fucking simple , no `` reversed wave forms '' as you idiotically suggest , no magic , just fucking making the regular sounds you make backwards . 
  i mean i already proved to you that i could do it , and i did n't have to listen to any reversed sounds to achieve that , just reverse the phonemes and that 's it . 
  it took me a minute yes , but with practice and i could train myself to do it instantaneously , you 're just hung up on some silly idea that a person would literally need to reverse play a sound in their head to do this , when all they actually do is say all the component sounds in reverse . 
  i mean for fucks say i can already sit here and reverse any word in a matter of seconds , it would just take practice to learn to do whole sentences like this kid and do it quicker . 
  your kids are fucked with such a retard for a father . 
  i speak multiple languages and have a master 's degree with a heavy linguistic component . 
  i work with language and know more about language acquisition than you . 
  you however ca n't grasp a simple concept like reversing a string of phonemes in your head , you 're also an arrogant asshole which is why your kids will grow up fucked up . 
  i do n't know if your kids are amazing , but if they are it 's nothing to do with their ignorant know nothing nerd of a father who ca n't understand a basic thing like why it 's not necessary to learn whole language just to speak backwards . 
  in the last few hours i 've practised flipping some words around and i can already do it x5 faster than before . 
  if i keep at it i 'll be able to do as well as this kid in a few weeks . 
  at least i 'm not a special snowflake who think he 's got some high iq genius and is remarkable in some sense . 
  the kind of idiot who thinks it 's more likely that a 10 year old learns hundreds of words by memorising the sound a word makes when it 's reversed by a computer , rather than simply teaching himself to reverse the order of phonemes in a word . 
  the kind of idiot who thinks that 's impossible because humans can not `` reverse wave forms '' in their head , as if words were just arbitrary noise and not a sequence of mouth and vocal chord movements that one could easily make backwards with a little practice . 
  at least i 'm not a stereotypical reddit neckbeard who likes throw in words like `` waves forms '' , `` non-sequitur '' , and `` occam 's razor '' in order to appear smart when really they 're barely able to get dressed in the morning . 
  most of us grown out of this kind of intellectual self gratification aged 14 . 
  i 'm afraid you 're a fucking idiot , a perfect example of how stupid people overestimate their own intelligence . 
   actually by age 10 it 's many thousands . 
  but you 'd think a linguist would know that . 
  oh , that 's right , you 're full of shit . 
  given what we 've see of this kid speaking there 's no reason to think he has learned more than a few hundred backwards words moron . 
   wait ... if you can make the sound of reversed sounds with your mouth , that means you can automatically reverse sounds in your head . 
  much . 
  stupid .
