   again , we 're not assessing people . 
  we 're assessing ability . 
  do you understand the difference ? 
  oh please . 
  tell me how requiring people to undergo ours of assessment with a quack in which you have to convince them with 99 % certainty that you have reformed and now agree with the government 's laws is assessing `` ability '' . 
  if it were just a physical and reaction testing that would be fine ( maybe it is in ch ) , but in germany it 's a gruelling analysis by a professional that seeks to ascertain not just your obedience of the law , but also your moral and political attitude towards it . 
   that 's because ours are more efficient and more effective . 
  what 's laughable is that they 're , if anything , less effective , they just have public support because you 're well trained little monkeys who stand with their government whatever they do . 
  as i already pointed out the higher frequency of road fatalities in the dach countries compared to the uk and other countries that do n't take such authoritarian measures speaks for itself . 
   what 's the worst case scenario ? 
  somebody fails the assessment even though they should n't and has to appeal the decision ? 
  there are worse things, 
  worst case scenario someone ends up paying thousands of euros for a liver biopsy because some quack wo n't believe that they 've abstained from alcohol . 
  worst case scenario poor people are made to pay through the nose multiple times by some psychoanalysis kook just so they can get a car and get to work . 
  maybe you 're falling for the no true scotsman argument though . 
  i 've never heard it from the conventional `` left '' , as they tend to be pro global solidarity . 
  however , i 've definitely met people who want to nationalise industry , protect the workers , empower the unions etc. 
  but hate globalism and think this needs to be achieved through protectionist economic policy and severely limiting immigration . 
   i just hope the world has enough corn . 
  to produce enough shit for the shitshow xd ? 
  i do n't get this reference . 
   we do too , which is why we support the current way of doing things, 
  except you deal in absolutes , and either accept the complete way of doing things or reject , instead of criticising and fixing what needs to be criticised and fixed . 
  you especially would n't take advice from a dirty anglo . 
  it 's not like the world ( including the swiss ) flock to london to do business because of faith in our legal system while avoiding most of mainland europe because the government could change the rules on a whim . 
   yet you have the audacity to tell me the way we assess driver 's abilities are wrong, 
  actually i 've always been talking about the german ways of doing it . 
  but your system sounds similar , so yes i do have the audacity to tell you your way of doing it is wrong , especially as i come from a country that objectively does it better . 
   please . 
  99.9 % would n't even notice, 
  cool story , you clearly know the uk well . 
  we shat the bed the last time they even tried to introduce non-mandatory id cards . 
  i very much doubt they 'd receive this well . 
   let 's leave that decision to the actual judiciary shall we ? 
  the uk judiciary has already blocked things like hair testing , cannabis testing , road side drugs tests , all because they do n't meet the criteria for proof under british law . 
   you deal in absolutes . 
  nothing is reliable outside of mathematics . 
  in reality , such tests are good enough to be used . 
  you can always appeal and re-do them , or provide counter-evidence . 
  except being a little bit absolutist about criminal evidence is sound politics rather than expedient tyranny . 
  we 'd rather a guilty man walk free than a innocent man be found guilty , unlike you evidently . 
   are your judges employes by private parties ? 
  our judiciary elects itself from the bar , which makes it in many ways vastly separate from the government in every respect asides being funded by the treasury . 
  your system has judges that have never even been lawyers who receive `` special education '' through government funded educational systems to be able to judge . 
  our judges actually make law through precedent , meaning the people making the laws are often people who understand it at the deepest level , whereas yours have it handed down on high by your government and civil service . 
  our system has saved us from tyranny for centuries . 
  whereas dach barely seem to be able to manage a century without a complete political overhaul or a world war . 
   there are sociopaths , you know . 
  evaluating their morality and their empathy towards fellow humans is a good thing in relation to allowing them to drive . 
  there are people so sick that they would risk killing people if it allows them to arrive one second earlier . 
  i assume those people are allowed on british roads , but not on ours . 
  yes , and if they break the law , they should be punished for it . 
  but nobody , not even the government , has the right to judge someone 's worthiness to have a licence outside of their behaviour . 
  empirical data requires physical action . 
  psychoanalysis is a load of shit that authorities in dach countries use to impose their will . 
   please . 
  the uk is on its way to a police state . 
  your cctv network filming everybody everywhere , your internet filtering ( read : censorship ) , the list goes on . 
  oh yes , the typical dach fear of cctv . 
  you shit the bed when you see a camera , or someone suggests nuclear energy because it 's greener , or working sundays because it would boost the economy . 
  guess what , we feel similarly about your involvement of psychological assessment in the lives of non-criminals . 
  and also about centralised government databases and id cards . 
  is that hard to understand ? 
  what if all these things are bad in some respects ? 
  frankly i 'd rather have the cctv than the mpu . 
  we have no need to fear cctv , after all as we have never been authoritarian . 
   alcoholic repeat offenders get a device fitted to their car that allows them to start it only after analysing their breath and confirming they 're not intoxicated . 
  no liver biopsy necessary , and no psychological assessment . 
  never heard of that in my life . 
  i do n't know if you 're talking about ch or de now anyway . 
   poor people ca n't afford a car . 
  they use public transport . 
  grow up . 
  i 'm a neoliberal centrist so you can hate me now . 
  i bet some guy was dying for a piss and was just waiting for the credits when bam concert . 
  honestly , i think the uk aldi is better than the german one . 
  german aldi 's mystery aisle is all practical af , the uk one always has ridiculous shit like a full set of golf clubs or a gaming computer . 
  holy shit , the existence of that sub is worrying . 
  people are arseholes . 
  i thought it would be bad but it was actually good . 
  and i freak out when i do n't have internet for a day :(, 
  let 's face it . 
  they are the egoistical generation . 
  they were meant to be the generation to end all generations . 
  the ones that threw off the dreariness of the war generation , who were stoic and emotionally repressed . 
  think about the cultural change of the 60s and 70s , a big reason that was possible was because the boomer generation were disproportionately numerous compared to their parents . 
  the spirit of rebellion and change of the era was made possible in part by the fact that so many young people were voting and influencing how things function . 
  they were the generation who literally inherited the earth from a generation thinned and damaged by war . 
  think about the fact that when that generation were in their middle age we saw a swing to the right with thatcher . 
  the last 50 years of british politics in some respects simply mimics the age of that generation . 
  my parents are boomers , they had me later than most people so while i 'm as old as most of the children of that children i 'm well acquainted with my parents and their social circles of a similar age , and honestly i have to say they are , on average , just the most egotistical people by comparison . 
  now that they are `` old '' and i 'm no longer that `` young '' the cracks really do show . 
  they are so pompous sometimes , and hate to be contradicted . 
  they talk endlessly in smug cliquey circles telling one another exactly what they want to hear . 
  when i was just a kid they seemed to have a semblance of a clue about the world , but now as i approach middle age they come across as childish and self-obsessed . 
  i remember my grandparents who really were the war generation at the same age when i was a child . 
  they were really selfless tough bastards . 
  hardly any of them were on their 3rd marriage or into pretentious things . 
  they seemed to listen and get along with one another much better , and they did n't argue about stuff but maybe that 's because they were taught not to talk about it . 
  opening up was not part of their culture .
