  i do n't think people who speak fluently are inherently `` fluent '' . 
  it just has a different meaning . 
  fluent imo is when someone is finished with language learning in the traditional sense , they have exceeded the need for language teacher , which is usually around cefr c2 . 
  i do n't think there is just one distinction . 
  i know when people talk about someone being fluent around me they tend to mean someone having virtually completely mastered a language . 
  just think how words work . 
  you can work to improve your professionalism , you can do something professionally or you can be professional . 
  doing something in a professional way , or improving your professionalism does n't mean you are professional . 
  saying he is professional is absolute , he is entirely professional , while saying he 's improved his professionalism or did a particularly thing professionally does n't mean he is professional . 
  it 's the same with fluent . 
  you can improve your fluency , or have a conversation fluently without being fluent . 
  there does n't seem to be one definition of it anyway , but i just know how it is used amongst many people in the tefl scene in europe . 
  just muscle memory i guess . 
  actually my new skates make it feel even easier than before , but i 'm scared of attempting top souls and anything not involving a soul plate . 
  yeah it annoyed me that he did n't note that almost all english dialects have a form of habitual tense , it 's called the present simple . 
  youtube videos on linguistics always seem shit . 
  what 's standard english ? 
  do you mean general american with its `` gotten `` s and its `` i did n't do it already '' and its `` i forgot '' ? 
  lots of super cunty responses in this thread . 
  americans , to be honest , many of you sound like schoolmarms when it comes to language , grammar , spelling and pronunciation , which is ironic because your way of speaking is derived from other countries . 
  the problem is the official standard way of speaking in america is actually spoken by a vocal majority who then assert its accuracy . 
  if you were n't so linguistically homogeneous then you would n't have this dumb racist linguistic prescriptivism . 
  in countries like the uk and germany the prescribed english ( received pronunciation and hochdeutsch respectively ) are actually spoken by a tiny minority and therefore this notion of there being an absolute `` right way '' to speak is less prevalent . 
  yeah it was n't complete shit just little things . 
  always seems to me like youtubers take liberties with linguistics though to try to make things more interesting to the viewers . 
  proper english is n't something that 's even agreed upon . 
  for example you say `` i saw the movie already '' , in the uk a strict teacher would put a big cross through that . 
  already is there to emphasise a connection to the present therefore you must you the perfect tense `` i 've seen the movie already '' . 
  likewise an american might say `` who 's the president of france ? 
  i forgot '' , again the british teacher would mark this with a big red pen . 
  you are still in a state of not knowing who the person is therefore `` i 've forgotten '' is the only correct option . 
  likewise in britain they might say `` i 've got three pens in my pocket '' and the american teacher would say no `` you have three pens in your pocket '' . 
  the briton may also say `` i 've got my shoes on so let 's go ! '', 
  and the american would say no `` you 've gotten your shoes on so let 's go ! '' . 
  there are variations in what is considered proper even between countries . 
  i was going to say , one of the most successful economies in the world . 
  yes , that would be described as racism by many people . 
  lol if british means descended from the tribe of the britons then most white people in the uk ai n't british . 
  no idiot , i mean the britanni were celtic tribes in roman england , if being british was anything about being descended from these tribes then barely anyone would be `` british '' given that for the last thousand years and beyond the people living in england have been principally germanic . 
  the term british referring to descendant of the britons is literally a millennium out of date , it has never been used , the term you 're looking for is brythonic , and only a small number of people described as british could call themselves brythonic ( the welsh mostly ) . 
  until a few hundred years ago the term british had basically fallen out of use in favour of english , scottish , etc. 
  and was only revived as a suitable emergent unified national identity after the unification of england , scotland and ireland and so on . 
  it 's well established that british refers to someone of british nationality , whilst english , scottish , welsh and so on tend to have roots based more in ancestry . 
  the only place where it gets complicated is northern ireland , who often identify solely as british because they do n't like the implication that they 're irish or not irish because of the political conflicts there and how language has been used by each side . 
  it 's not that hard . 
  some just means more than one but less than all . 
  if some utilities were included then maybe electricity and gas is but not water and internet . 
  the zero article is more complicated but usually refer to things generally , is required before uncountables and plurals ( when the is not appropriate ) , before most proper names , and modes of transport . 
  why the fuck would that guy disable playback outside of youtube ... 
  we do n't even have felonies in the uk . 
  crimes are just crimes . 
  also in the uk criminal records expire after a certain amount of time automatically from which point they 'll only be visible to the police and companies authorised to do high security checks ( like schools and government offices ) . 
  how long this takes depends on the length of the sentence given . 
  the crime is criminal damage i believe , if the property is valued over # 5000 it carries a sentence of up to six months in prison and/or a fine up to # 5000 , but most likely a fine . 
  you could also claim the cost of the damage back through the civil court . 
  in reality though this guy is probably not known to the police , unless someone rats him out he 'll get away with it , the guy who owns the aston will most likely have insurance against this kind of thing and that will be that . 
  a true crime of the realm !, 
  racism on reddit . 
  shocker . 
  zombie lives matter !, 
  here we go again !, 
  round three ding ding ding !, 
  it 's a newish aston martin , i very much doubt it 's sun damaged . 
  the cheapest one new is a # 75.000 car ( that 's 122k dollars to you ) , some go above # 200.000 only an idiot would n't have that well insured . 
  ~ ~ this looks like a db9 to me , which sells at about # 115.000 ( 180k to you ) . ~ ~ it 's a new v8 vantage worth about # 100.000 ( 156k dollars ) . 
  this is a modern supercar , not the kind of thing you do n't secure against risk . 
  fyi i 'm not saying what this guy did was ok , i 'm just saying in all likelihood he wo n't be caught unless he 's a known face or someone informs on him . 
  they have to say that until they 're convicted . 
  it 's just good journalism . 
  no it would n't , it would be libel . 
  also good journalism and non-libellous are not mutually exclusive , they tend to go hand in hand ... 
  well that 's a lot to do with english history you realise , the language being spread by colonialism meant everyone tried to preserve the language . 
  look at german where the difference between swiss german and what 's spoken in north germany is closer to the difference between english and scots than the difference between british english and american english . 
  [ this is scots english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny ), 
  there 's a difference between saying `` someone shot people '' and `` this man we identify in the photo shot people '' . 
  also the uk is a different country with stronger libel laws than the us . 
  they have though because they 've shown his photo . 
  if they say a man = caught on camera = did a crime , and it turns out a man = caught on camera ! = did a crime , then they 're opening themselves to a liable suit . 
  if they say a man = did a crime , and it turns out : a man ! = did a crime , there 's no worries . 
  they 've singled out the individual with the images , if the individual was not identifiable from the photo it would again be different . 
  the journalist at the bbc will have had a lot of training in this area , like i said the uk libel laws are some of the most stringent in the world . 
  exactly , maybe there 's 1/10000 chance he did n't actually do it , over time with journalism like the bbc they 'll make a mistake and then they 'll get sued , better to take the precaution of saying allegedly . 
  they do know what they 're doing . 
  libel laws differ between countries , in some countries it would be unnecessary , but not in the uk . 
  actually no , it sounds like an - s . when - s is in the middle of a word it tends to sound the same as - z , that 's why we have - ss , to mark when the soft - s is required . 
  we did spell it phonetically , it 's an oversimplification to think - s and - z are entirely separate sounds . 
  i guess you 've never fensed some stolen goods . 
  middle class means something else in the uk . 
  class is not really defined by money but generally correlated with it . 
  when i imagine a really typical middle class person they tend to be the kind of person who owns a reasonably big house in suburbia , they work in something respectable like doctor , lawyer , accountant . 
  they try to take holidays that involve culture . 
  they drive an expensive but safe and sensible car which they wash every saturday when they do the gardening , they 're very concerned with what the neighbours think . 
  the thing is the stereotype is that the middle class lack any real passion or creativity . 
  they claim to like `` art '' but do n't like anything controversial or disturbing , they would n't want their children to become artists because there 's no money in it , they approve of education but again prefer safe stuff like medicine law and engineering , they do n't want little tarquin to study ancient philosophy or to get a doctorate because it 's not guaranteed to provide a comfortable lifestyle . 
  they 're also very apolitical people who never mention their opinions but almost always vote conservative because it will help their house value the most . 
  they speak french half heartedly , just for when they take camping holidays en provence and complain about french rudeness . 
  extreme forms of art , politics and intellectualism scare them because they forsake the bland , comfortable lifestyles they embrace . 
  they are different from upper class people because typically the upper classes are bonkers , have so much money they do what they like , and are ingrained into a particular social sect that puts them apart from trivialities as concern the middle classes . 
  lower class people do n't give a fuck either . 
  there is definitely a comparison between the british middle class and american suburbia where they have all the housing associations and `` soccer moms '' and so on .
