  it 's only insignificant if you 're used to it , the gaps in the stalls , especially if the toilets were busy , would definitely give me serious stage fright . 
  i would not expect this crap in a first world country , because there simply no reason for the toilets to be less that optimal . 
  ironically saying `` what ? '', 
  is more upper class , while saying `` pardon '' is more middle/lower class . 
  saying `` i beg your pardon ? '', 
  was very working class . 
  what most people do n't realise is that at some point in the 19th century amongst the upper classes it swapped from being french etymological register = upper class , germanic etymological register = lower class to being the other way around . 
  this is because of parvenus , francophile social climbers . 
  the 19th century industrialisation saw the rise of a wealthier middle class , before this point middle class just meant working class but with a good enough job to own a house and wear clean clothes , however in the 19th century some middle class people managed to actually get rich enough to have the opportunity to socialise with the upper classes , they also had a degree of education . 
  this led to some clich\u00e9s about the middle classes and the faux pas they they made when trying to present themselves in a way more agreement to upper classes tastes . 
  one of theses things was using unnecessarily french derived words . 
  they would n't say napkin , they 'd say serviette , they would n't say looking glass , they 'd say mirror , they would n't say something was enough they 'd say it was sufficient . 
  because of the norman descent of the upper classes , the middle classes naively believed that french was the key to appearing more like the upper classes , so this made it terribly uncool amongst the real upper classes to use french derived words . 
  saying `` what ? '', 
  was a sign of aristocracy while saying `` pardon ? '', 
  was a sign you were n't really a member of the club . 
  lol you fucking idiot . 
  nobody is encouraging her . 
  they 're trying to get her to do it without the heil hitler part . 
  the man next to her is saying `` ohne heil hitler '' which means without the heil hitler . 
  buy their booze . 
  huh ? 
  you do n't become a pilot by studying at university . 
  you have to get your pilot 's licences . 
  then you have to build up logged flight time at your own expense . 
  you have to have so many hours of practice in different types and sizes of aircraft . 
  once you 've done all this , if you 're lucky , you can be hired and trained by a commercial airline . 
  other countries than the us speak english you realise ? 
  twat ( if it rhymes with swat you 're saying it wrong ) . 
  `` whilst '' is very common in virtually all english speaking countries except us and canada . 
  how big is that chip on your shoulder . 
  i did n't downvote anything , but i will now though so you 'll go -1 . 
  sorry i did n't get your joke , i thought you did n't know they sold booze on these cruises . 
  i saw a comment and gave an earnest response , fuck me right ? 
  who looks bad ? 
  the guy who missed a shit joke on a thread , because let 's face it , we 're hardly talking comedy genius here , or the guy who gets all butthurt and starts throwing around accusations because someone gave him a solitary downvote . 
  do you not see the irony in saying, 
   not negative fake internet points !, 
  literally just after typing out a comment saying ,, 
   ** i can downvote your post too . 
  now we 're even . 
  ** and my op was a joke . 
  either you did n't get that or you think stating the obvious in response to a joke is funny . 
  either way , it makes you look bad . 
  you were the one who had their nerve touched when a solitary downvote from a random source for you warranted a comment and an accusation of downvoting . 
  so yes , you are the one with a chip on their shoulder , you were the one who brought up downvoting , you were the one who cared so much about an imaginary internet point he felt the need to bring it up . 
  america , the country where you can watch an film starring british actors , with a british director , play americans based on a book written by a scandinavian , then you can down the street and eat some italian food prepared by a mexican immigrant in city named after a european capital , all the while speaking english . 
  perhaps you can listen to some music by canadian singer on the japanese sound system in your german car on the way home . 
  yet it 's the world that copies america ? 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  in most countries the lotteries do not require that . 
  only some states in the us afaik . 
  there are plenty of ways to legally verify it 's not a scam that does n't require that it be made public . 
  the lottery companies want public winners because it 's good publicity for them , so naturally they 'd prefer it if anonymity was n't an option , however in most of the world that 's considered unethical . 
  except now it 's been bought by a canadian pension fund and the majority of the money is going towards that i believe . 
  what you said was true then the national lottery was new but now it 's gone way downhill from what i hear . 
  i think everyone is jumping to conclusions here . 
  we all already know what the recommended course of action if you win the lotto normally is . 
  stay anonymous , take the lump sum , hire lawyers and financial advisers from the biggest most reputable national firms out there , the kind who are already top of the pyramid so do n't desperately want to make a name for themselves , and also are completely used to dealing with the vast sums of money we 're talking about . 
  tell as few people as possible . 
  make trusts for family members you want to share the money with so they ca n't blow through the cash quickly or ever claim poverty again . 
  reduce your degree of liquidity as quickly and as much as you can , get that money wrapped up somewhere . 
  create a diverse investment portfolio of both low and mid risk investments , some of it in your own country and some of it abroad . 
  never invest in anything you have a personal connection with , especially not friends or family that come to you with business ideas . 
  immediately leave your old home . 
  lie to your neighbours and acquaintances , claim to have inherited a much more moderate sum from a distant relative to justify your change in financial circumstances in the hope that they 'll never put two and two together . 
  leave the country for a while to let things settle down for a bit and when you get back make sure your new home has the latest in home security in a private neighbourhood . 
  there are some good guides on reddit and other parts of the internet written by wealth managers and financial advisers . 
  however , we should probably consider two things , one is that afaik in tennessee the winner made public automatically . 
  yes , there are things you can do to minimise this , use your middle name instead of your first , alter your appearance as much as possible for the one mandatory public photo , but these things are n't going to throw off really determined journalists . 
  secondly , the lottery has been in the us press so much lately , and the sum of the win is so great , that these winners are going to get hounded x10 as bad as your regular winner . 
  they might have come to the quite reasonable conclusion that given the conditions of the win it would absolutely impossible to keep it a secret . 
  therefore rather than fight the press , only to inevitably have their entirely life history dug through by tabloid journalists and exposed in the newspaper , they think that if they immediately come forwards with an open attitude this will lead to the least bad situation . 
  get the worst out the way and then digging through their dirty laundry will become much more of a non-story than one about a mystery lottery winner who has won a sum this great . 
  everyone is blaming the lawyer saying it 's seedy , that 's he taking advantage , but we do n't know the full story . 
  they might not be as dumb as it seems , they might have a whole team of hotshot lawyers and this local guy is just a friend of theirs who agreed to take the brunt of the publicity while the actual key legal team do n't want to make the association public . 
  the daughter might just be there because she wanted to be and to divert some attention away from the winners . 
  point is , we do n't know how calculated this move is , we do n't know the precise circumstances or whose advice they 're really acting on . 
  given the lotto mania in the us lately it could actually be the right thing to do , we do n't know . 
  the guy obviously only has the ticket in his pocket because the press demanded it , it could be a copy for all we know and the real thing could already be in a safe box in a high security bank vault . 
  or they could have been escorted to the studio by armed guard . 
  reddit , as ever , is way too eager to jump to conclusions . 
  that said , these people could be complete dumbasses being swindled by a crooked self interested local small time lawyer , but we ca n't say for certain . 
  no idea , sorry . 
  airlines obviously have to put a lot of money into training each pilot so if you 're approaching retirement then i doubt you 'll ever make it onto a program . 
  that said , i do n't think you have to be young young , and i would guess most pilots are middle aged . 
  we do n't know if there were any reasons why a trust would not have succeeded in protecting their anonymity in these circumstances . 
  maybe they 've concluded that given the circumstances the press would never give up trying to identify them because the story is too big , and eventually they 'd be tracked down despite the trust . 
  like i said we do n't know . 
  we ca n't be sure that the ticket is the real thing , nor do we know how it 's being transported when he 's not in the news studio . 
  having it in his pocket could well be a gimmick that the studio insisted upon . 
  you are definitely jumping to conclusions . 
  you might be right of course but you might be wrong . 
  honestly , i think people are simply more willing to believe the worst about him because he 's a lottery winner . 
  it 's become a clich\u00e9 almost on the internet to assume anyone who is ordinary and suddenly gets projected to the status of mega rich is going to come to a tragic end . 
  while this does happen way more above average with lotto winners , it does n't even happen to most of them . 
  most lotto winners go on to lead relatively normal lives . 
  people just want to believe the worst about anyone who has had such a massive stroke of luck . 
  i was talking about the daughter of the lawyer , not the daughter of the family . 
  i can see a perfectly logical justification for the winner 's daughter 's presence though .
