  just because you know marx 's key theories does not mean an equally intelligent person will draw the same conclusions . 
  philosophy is not a matter of bob believes a , b , c , therefore he believes x , y , z. 
  i think 12 year old me had very unrealistic expectations , so when he 's sees i 'm in my late 20s with a job that could be hardly called a career , do n't have a car , live in a 1 bedroom by myself i think he 'd find it unfathomable . 
  as far as 12 year old me was concerned i 'd be driving a sports car with a super model girlfriend with a fancy sounding job that earned millions and a huge house with a jacuzzi by now . 
  he 'd be like why the fuck do you live in germany . 
  12 year old me was a dick . 
  perjury under us law . 
  yeah good luck with extraditing someone for perjury , especially if it 's someone from russia . 
  i hope the bad guys are all american , would make a nice change . 
  all good then . 
  but this guy is in britain . 
  making a law suit in the us as a foreigner is very expensive . 
  weed just is n't that social for me any more . 
  i do n't smoke it often , but when i do it 's either foolishly when i 'm drunk at which point my night is over , or at home alone with some good tele and some snacks . 
  i like your enthusiasm :d and i 'm deeply saddened that i 'll never get to experience such a bomb halloween horror house : * <, 
  i think there 's a few things we should question about this model . 
  for example , why actually bother to send fragile biological humans , then spend hundreds of years adapting the environment to something they can survive . 
  why not send humans already genetically adapted to the environment ( s ) they 're likely to face . 
  these humans would n't even have to be biological in the sense that we understand it , they could be made out of any material that was suitable , and i 'm sure at this point the difference between biological and robotic would be becoming blurred anyway . 
  they could look like humans on the outside but actually have no need to eat , sleep , or drink , and could live in practically any environment with no disease or ageing . 
  they could even breed and evolve like regular humans , but actually be artificially made stronger through a combination of robotics and genetic modification . 
  furthermore , once you have these technologies , the easier way to travel from one planet to another would n't be to actually go there , it would simply be to copy yourself into a digital format , and then transmit that format to the other planet as energy , then download that format into a new body once your arrived . 
  sure it might not really be `` you '' who went there , but an identical clone of you would wake up on the planet 's surface a few years later . 
  i think the reality is that the old view of humanities far future , societies very similar to our own just with amazing gadgets to assist them is outdated . 
  humanity 's ultimate fate to me looks like a planet sized pool of nanites in which all consciousnesses will be stored, 
  i came here to read about some child prodigies , and instead read some nonsense about someone 's husband being able to outsmart professors in philosophy after skimming a text , and wanted to point out that that was bullshit . 
  this good will hunting type genius nonsense just fills people 's heads with bullshit . 
  undergrads arriving at university and suddenly thinking they 're so smart and wasting other student 's time with their ill thought out rantings . 
  parent 's who believe their kid is so gifted that it 's the professor 's fault little jimmy did n't get the best marks and ca n't do the master 's degree he wants to . 
  no little jimmy got shit marks because he did n't study and spent most the lectures get high in his bedroom . 
  little jimmy could be an einstein level genius with and eidetic memory , but if he only skims the introduction to the text book he 'll be lucky if he even passes , simple as that . 
  wow you 're a complete idiot . 
  if anything was / r/iamverysmart material is was the woman boasting about her husband outsmarting professors , i 'm saying the complete opposite . 
  i am literally saying that patience and hard work are 99.99 % of the time the only way to succeed academically , that is literally the opposite of the attitudes that subreddit focusses on . 
  americans really do struggle with nuance . 
  colour actually rhymes with culler , so neither is correct frankly, 
  true . 
  but maths , like music , does seem to be a subject that lends itself to insane natural talent and intuition . 
  it 's not like those people have n't had to study hard and practise like anyone , it 's just by the age of 15 they 're already doing stuff that middle aged men find impressive . 
  the kind of fucktard who pays to play wod . 
  they are mostly players who joined in recent years and do n't want to acknowledge they missed the party . 
  secretly they probably fear that some of the few players that actually still regularly play the game will go to legacy when they see what it 's like . 
  no one wants to believe they missed out if they never experienced those days or that they 're getting an inferior product if they 're invested in the current expansion . 
  the thing is though that money is not really a factor here . 
  what exactly is he offering to pay for ? 
  the server ? 
  he 's not offering to pay them for their time he 's expecting them to volunteer . 
  what exactly is he bringing to the table ? 
   i own and manage a succesful business and have over 20 years of experience leading very diverse teams to complete challenging projects . 
  what kind of business ? 
  a car wash ? 
  a laundrette ? 
  if he was quoting his credentials working in relevant areas of technology it would be far more convincing . 
  from what i can see here he just sounds like a guy who is willing to pay for some server time and boss some people around in the hope they 'll make him a server . 
  it does n't sound like a collaboration nor does it sound like he 's bringing pertinent skills to the table asides from management . 
  good for you man , it means common or widespread fyi . 
  yeah , if you 're expecting to own and run the project then you should be paying people for their time . 
  ofc this is not how most private servers are born , usually it 's someone with a good grasp of the tech side of managing and running a server whose looking for people with similar skills collaborate with . 
  this guy seems to be neither , he 's not able to do any of the server stuff , nor is he offering money for people 's skills , so what exactly is he offering ? 
  if i were an enthusiastic old school fan with the right knowledge of servers and coding that wanted to volunteer my spare time to a project , i would n't do it for someone who ca n't actually do it himself . 
  i would pay a sub to an officially endorsed server ran by a 3rd party . 
  and annoying british ex-pats in america do , along with ageing radio 1 djs who think they 're down with the kids . 
  i read something about all turtles being gay . 
  i mean even if they 're not , are n't their tonnes of species that engage in homosexual relations , even species that do n't know the different between the male and the female . 
  i 'm guess these are actors haha . 
  this was fascinating , makes me a bit jealous that these guys are doing such cutting edge important work and i 'm just here fapping and browsing reddit . 
  i have a job , i 've had lots of different jobs in the past , all of them seem massively trivial compared to this shit . 
  weird i find frontside stall to fakie the easiest stall to learn . 
  i think it might be a fear thing . 
  keep your dominant foot further back and just do what you did to get up there but backwards . 
  i would pay nostalrius if i knew it meant it was safe from blizzard and being shut down . 
  no i probably would n't pay the regular sub fee for it , that seems like too much if it 's ran by a 3rd party , but i 'd gladly pay half the current wow sub rate just to play on nost , provided the team who was there to handle it was professional . 
  i think with an official paid server they could do even better than nost . 
  i do n't really give two fucks about the odd bug , especially if it 's only a matter of time until they get fixed . 
  i feel like some people freak out too much over the odd bug , for me nost was fine , it 's not like retail vanilla did n't have bugs either . 
  i already have a degree . 
  also who has the luxury of doing that ? 
  it 's highly unrealistic to say `` go back to school '' to most people , even in countries where education is free . 
  so scotland got round to telling the english to stick up their arses as they 've been threatening to do for the last 300 years . 
  however , that was n't enough for some who were angling for all out war . 
  this led to the great highland revolt , a dark time where untold blood spilled on the streets . 
  a faction of hardcore scots decided that despite independence scotland was still too british and broke away to form the free republic of caledonia . 
  after intense skirmishing , with the highlands calling on their allies norway ( a world super power by this point in history ) for support , borders for this fledgling nation were drawn up , splitting scotland in twain . 
  meanwhile german has gone full lebensraum , anschlussing with austria and invading the german speaking regions of switzerland , the czech republic and a chunk of the balkans . 
  the north german state of schleswig-holstein , joined by parts of niedersachsen and mecklenburg-vorpommern were repulsed by these nazi like actions , and joined a union with belgium , the netherlands , and northern poland to secure themselves from the aggressive tendencies of germany . 
  germany 's loss of these states had the unexpected consequence of earning the german nation a reputation was one of the happiest friendliest places on earth , and is widely hailed as a good thing . 
  meanwhile over in the us of a , relations with great britain have turned frosty due to the perceived unfair treatment of the celtic people of scotland . 
  as everyone in the year 2367 knows , all americans are at least 1/4 celtic , either scottish or irish , with no english ancestry whatsoever ( it was outlawed by congress in during the great british scare of 2089 , when it was feared american values were being corrupted by an excess of british pop bands and content on netflix ) , which is why they 're entitled to wear kilts , it 's also why st. patrick 's day has overtaken christmas as the number one american holiday , which consists of the tradional week long public holiday and the bringing of gifts for children by leprechauns . 
  this cooling of anglo-american relations led the us to push militarily into canada , annexing the land and bringing it into the union . 
  only a small number of canadian loyalists remain , employing guerilla style warfare in the the arctic territories , the native inuit people as their allies . 
  the usa also expanded southwards in 2025 , after donald trump 's disastrous policies caused hyperinflation of the us dollar , the us economy no longer able to function without cheap illegal labour and mexican food . 
  the solution was a personal union with everywhere north of costa rica . 
  i see you are truly a gentlesir of refined humour , mayhaps , you doth wish to see my fedora collection . 
  actually , most of the pointless courses are there to satisfy market demand and make money so the engineering department can buy 50 grand microscopes . 
   i would also like to see some form of repayment if you leave the country after passing , not sure how that could work . 
  lol . 
  you might do better in america . 
  yes , of course it should be free . 
  if germany can manage it , and also have higher average quality of education , britain should to . 
  our country has been tainted with foolish myopic ideas and students are portrayed as lazy social leeches purely because the education industry wants to make as much money as they do in the usa .
