  after a few missions you go return to the starting area , the game just looks up what 's meant have happened whilst you were away and generates the the area with whatever changes were determined to have happened . 
  one of those things was that a tree fell down . 
  the whole world could work this way and we would n't even know . 
  yeah it 's only one of the biggest philosophical , psychological , and neuroscientific questions in the history of our species . 
  real fucking stupid . 
  perhaps you 're the one that 's being stupid ? 
  i 'm sorry but you 're completely wrong and you still do n't get it . 
  it 's perfectly possible that my * experience * of c4 is the same as your experience of c3 . 
  we are both hearing 261.6 hz , our ears are working in the same way . 
  the vibrations are the same , everything is physically the same . 
  the only difference is that our internal experience at the level of consciousness is not the same . 
  we can both have perfect pitch , we can both be musical virtuosos , we can both identify pitches and give the correct name . 
  functionally we are identical , aesthetically we are identical , however you experience c3 the way i experience c4 . 
   actual physical reaction of hearing a middle c is the acoustic activity that is 261.6 vibrations in air per second . 
  this means nothing . 
  there is absolutely nothing about the physical event of hearing middle c that ties to the subjective experience you have when that physical event occurs . 
  i 'm sorry but i do n't agree , what you 've said is pretty silly . 
  if you do n't believe in subjectivity you basically have accept that light is n't merely light waves of a certain frequency , but that additional to this there exists a property belonging to light waves of that frequency which is `` blueishness '' which creates the blue hue we experience when we look at the sky . 
  that the blue quality we see is n't our brain 's interpretation of light waves at a frequency , but a property of that frequency of light itself . 
  think of it this way . 
  you 're basically saying that the experience of holding an object vibrating 261 hz is the same as the experience of your ear drums vibrating at 261 hz . 
  that there 's nothing special or different about what you experience hearing vibrating air waves than feeling them with your hand , they are physically identical after all . 
  or at least you are committed that there is some special property of air vibrating at 261 hz `` middle c-ishness '' that exists in the outside world and only our ears can detect . 
  basically if you do n't believe in subjective experience you 're committed to a bizarre world view where pretty much magical properties exist , ones that we ca n't explain or discover with modern science , that explain why we experience the world the way we do . 
  saying you do n't believe in something and then offering no reasons why is pretty ignorant , pretty much on par with saying you do n't believe in evolution or global warming simplu because you do n't believe in them . 
  that ** is ** what your argument is though . 
   i do n't believe in a subjective level of interpretation, 
  if you do n't believe in a subjective level of interpretation then what i 've just said is logically necessary . 
  the `` feeling '' you have when 262 hz hits your ear drum is either a subjective interpretation the product of your mind 's consciousness that occurs when 262 hz hits your ear drum or a quality of 262 hz vibrations that exists objectively in the world . 
  if you take the first option then we do n't know if what i hear when i hear c4 is n't the same as what you hear when you hear c3 . 
  if you take the second option then you are committed to what i said in my last post , that there are nigh on magical properties undetectable by modern science that exist objectively outside of us that cause the feeling you have when you hear middle c. 
  it 's one or the other , you 're up against about 2000 years of the world 's greatest minds on this one i 'm afraid . 
   could change somewhere between the cilia and the psychoacoustic sensation of neurologically `` hearing '' the note in your brain . 
  this my friend is utter nonsense . 
  the sensation is nothing like the physical vibration , they are in no way comparable . 
  they are not the same types of things . 
   your brain is wired to recognize that , 262 times per second , your cilia are being vibrated . 
  if what you hear in your brain 's consciousness is c3 rather than c4 , this is n't a subjective interpretation issue , it 's your ears hearing 131 hz instead of 262 hz . 
  again jibberish . 
  there is nothing about the sensation of hearing middle c4 that says i am experiencing a 262 hz vibration . 
   your consciousness ca n't just simply disregard physics -- we 're a product of exact physical and biological receptors , neurons and transmitters , that are wired in a manner that interprets signals in the same exact way . 
  this statement about `` disregarding physics '' is comical . 
  i suppose experiencing pain is against the laws of physics too . 
  after all , there 's no such thing as pain , just the feeling of a knife stabbing you , to create a sensation would be to disregard physics . 
  it 's also exactly what you are doing , by taking a position that uncontroversially necessitates the existence of magical `` sounds-like '' or `` looks-like '' properties that belong to what are uncontroversially physical things that can not have qualitative sensations attached to them . 
   making the more atheistic , there 's - no-such-thing-as-a-soul argument . 
  what the fuck does atheism have to do with anything ??? 
  look what you do n't seem to get is that this is n't up for debate . 
  your position is nonsense . 
  if you actually want to have an understanding of this please just go out and buy an undergraduate level text book on the philosophy of mind and you 'll see all the logically consistent arguments available to you . 
  yours currently is not one of them . 
  what you 're doing is a bit like a undergrad physics student trying to come up with his own alternative model because he feels like it , debating you is just frustrating because you lack the conceptual apparatus to actually have a valid opinion on this . 
  if you really want to understand , [ you 'd do well to at least read this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualia ) and then come up with what you think . 
  we 're really not . 
  please just [ read this ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/qualia ) and then form an opinion at least . 
  because right now you 're just saying stuff about science but you 're not getting the picture at all . 
  haha , but please read the link at least . 
  i 'm not talking out my arse here , there 's millions of pages scholarship dedicating to this problem . 
  there are ways to avoid the problems of subjective sensations but yours is not one of them . 
  that 's not true . 
  maybe i was slightly pissy in my response , but it 's somewhat frustrating when someone thinks they have the answer the an age old question without giving full weight to the question at hand . 
  no i do not think the question of qualia is closed , and in fact i quite enjoy arguments for the non-existence of qualia . 
  however the previous poster 's argument do not take into account the problems that we know exist on the side of the argument he 's taken . 
  when he says things such as :, 
   the properties of sound are objectively known so thoroughly that , again , you ca n't interpret middle c differently . 
  he is actually talking nonsense , or rather in my opinion he 's missing the point of the argument . 
  there 's no point continuing the debate unless he concedes that this is not true , if it were that simple there would n't be millions of pages written on the issue . 
  it 's a bit like a layman saying `` string theory is a load of shit because we know there 's only 4 dimensions , it 's obvious '' ... but it really is n't obvious when you understand the argument . 
  yes there are physicists who think string theory is a load shit granted , but just because this particularly layman agrees does n't make his opinion valid , neither does believing the layman 's opinion is invalid make the anti-string theory theorist wrong . 
  yes it is slightly annoying how so many people think they can take an opinion on a matter like this without first dealing with the problems that come with it . 
  it 's funny how people will unquestioningly and uncritically accept a scientific study , however feel entitled to an opinion on a deeper more philosophical matter like this without addressing the known inconsistencies in taking that opinion . 
  / u/film _ composer is entitled to make an argument against qualia , but nobody is entitled to do that without first acknowledging the problems that come with it . 
  yeah it only the gateway to the most fundamental questions about the human mind that have been a mystery to the human race . 
  a question that were it to be answered could provide the secrets of human intelligence , ai , and unravel the mystery of consciousness . 
  not important at all . 
  well maybe you should do your research on the subject instead of just running your mouth about how unimportant things are . 
  because it 's getting to the very heart of the question what is subjectivity , why does it seem like that there is something that it feels like to experience the world around us . 
  a subjective experience that can not be easily accounted for with a purely physical explanation of the events around us . 
  sure we know light waves are wave particles at a certain frequency , but what about that frequency of light interacting with our physiology gives rise to the experience we feel looking at the sky . 
  there is a discrepancy between the way science tells us the world is and what we experience with our own sensory equipment . 
  for example you could build a robot that could pass the turing test but would n't necessarily be a self-aware entity with a consciousness , it would simply very good at copying humans and faking it . 
  however if we understood the mechanism that gave rise to subjective experience we would be a step closer to being able to recreate mechanism and create an ai that would be comparable to a human or animal intelligence . 
  alternatively , do n't wait for and just [ click this fucking link instead ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xneqorjftfi#t=123 ) ... 
  they have a lot of time on their hands, 
  it 's not though . 
  category c , at least in the uk , is basically just a minimum security prison . 
  usually the least dangerous wing of a major prison with cat b and cat a wings attached . 
  you wo n't get people with serious violent crimes or drugs crimes in there , however you will have petty thieves and burglars , people who repeat minor crimes and get sentenced and such . 
  you 're still locked inside a secure building with nasty florescent lights , toilets in the cells and a bunch of scummy arseholes . 
  a cat d prison is a truely open prison , it will usually be in a completely different area to the main prison system . 
  in the daytime you 're allowed to walk around the grounds which have only a 6ft high wire fence to keep you in . 
  the gate will just be a hut with an barrier and a guard . 
  the only time you 'll be locked in your cell is at night . 
  there 'll be a decent communal area with stuff you would n't be allowed in regular prison . 
  if you wanted you could just leave but you 'd get caught eventually and then you wo n't be going back to the comfy cat d prison . 
  people are giving a lot of shit to series three . 
  personally i thought it was ok , but felt a bit like a filler series , i like the first episode , i did n't really like the wedding the murder seemed a bit stupid . 
  i liked the final episode apart from the end . 
  imo it would 've made more sense if watson had killed him because of emotions for his wife and sherlock took the blame . 
  seemed out of character , but up until that point i thought it was a good story .
