  so we abolish the government , instead of playing taxes i go find the poor kids dying of cancer and pay for their treatment myself . 
  except after like 1 kid i 'm already broke . 
  so instead i find other like minded people to share the financial burden , we all collectively pay into a children 's cancer charity to save lots of sick kids , great . 
  however there 's also the old man who has n't got heating or the single mum who has n't got food for her child , so we all collectively pay into hundreds of different charities . 
  however there 's not enough money for all these charities so we have to get more and more people into our collective . 
  unpopular charities like rehabilitating prisoners and mental health treatment for sex offenders do n't get any funding so there 's a tonne of poor feckless people falling through the cracks . 
  then we have to pay for the boring stuff , there 's public security , infrastructure maintenance and all the other costs , all needs more people to cover the area we need . 
  ultimately you end up with something that looks exactly like a government . 
  extreme libertarians / anarchists are fucking idiots . 
  there is literally no logic to them whatsoever . 
  / r/shitstatistssay is just low hanging fruit . 
  sovereign rights of man past down from the holy founding fathers !, 
  no , that 's just wrong , making the statement `` it essentially is '' does n't make it true . 
  the problem with libertarian idiots is that they seem to naively think giving everyone freedom to choose will lead to better decisions . 
  all that happens is that all the smart people would get together make a government in your stateless area , maybe they 'd end up with perfect health , no poverty , abundance of wealth , but why should they let the idiot outsiders join and share the wealth ? 
  the you 'd be left with vast swathes of society living in some hellish stateless nightmare while collectives of useful people prospered without the burden of the idiots . 
  it 's just unthinkable . 
  you live in a democracy , you have the power to influence your government whether that be far left social democracy or right wing laissez-faire capitalism . 
  it 's much better that people no not have a choice whether to participate . 
  only idiots ca n't see this and jerk themselves off to ayn rand every night , and no reasonable people hold this position . 
  does n't really matter to me ... 
  harry potter , starts with him entering hogwarts , ends with him leaving it , it 's about the journey maan !, 
  i suppose you think the maesters are experts in snarks and grumpkins too ? 
  except it would mean more heirs running around possible claimants on casterly rock . 
  heirs coming from different mothers tend not to get along . 
  see henry tudor for this issue . 
  i think it 's quite possible that he did n't want more heirs and wanted to focus on getting his existing heirs , well jaime and cersei at least , into good positions . 
  christ does it really matter what the precedent is ? 
  it was a speculative theory about why tywin might 've not remarried ... 
  he 's had three children , one of which ended up a deformed freak in his eyes , he may well believe that his duty is fulfilled . 
  mo ` children mo ` problems . 
  there 's clear evidence that in got that siblings sometimes fight over inheritance even when the rules are clear , kinslaying is obviously a sin , it does n't stop it happening . 
  instead of anally obsessing over what is canon in the got universe in a one dimensional way , try looking at it some a more human perspective , it 's called subtext . 
  tywin is n't roose bolton who 's happy to marry a fatty and squeeze out some sprogs just to strengthen an alliance and get her weight in silver , he obviously feels his baby making days are over . 
  having children by another wife probably would n't strengthen the lannister name , just simply divide it . 
  so they pronounce it entirely normally and in line with the dictionary definition . 
  wow so remarkable . 
  just to make this clear photo = / f\u0259\u028a.t\u0259\u028a / , toe = / t\u0259\u028a / , photo is literally pronounced the same as foe toe , what you 're saying is retarded you fucking cunt . 
  except they would n't be bastards if tywin re-wed would they . 
  they 'd be natural born children from a different mother . 
  sure they 'd come lower in the line of succession than his existing children but that did n't stop renly did it . 
  fuck you i wo n't do what you tell me . 
  wow thanks for that . 
  a long read but worth every moment . 
  never cared for this game . 
  it was frustrating and i never got why it had the slalom mechanic . 
  no idea why it was so critically acclaimed ... 
  not to offend anyone but this seems way more dumbed down than the original version in the uk . 
  it was also amazing how much of the questions were about the usa . 
  us tv , presidents , sears tower , universities , authors , folk music , clothing . 
  the uk one seemed to have more questions about art , history , and science , that sort of thing . 
  furthermore i ca n't say i 'm fond of the new format . 
  i actually know a guy who owed a share in the original company that made the format and sold it for over 100 million pounds . 
  actually that 's a valyrian thing . 
  communist ? 
  what 's the difference ?? 
  no do not try to understand jewish physics when not being jewish . 
  i think we can safely say she 's doing it for the tip . 
  in other news you are hiv aladeen . 
  kinda but not really . 
  the wall was built before the valyrians . 
  the first men and the children of the forest are like they true westerosi , they 'd been dealing with the long nights and the white walkers for a while . 
  the valyrians are on the fire side of things , which gives them an advantage against the white walkers in forging valyrian steel and dragonglass , also dragons . 
  however i feel the whole thing is about balance , you also have the doom in valyria , and i do n't think that was caused by the white walkers , it was the antithetical thing to the white walkers , which is also bad . 
  humans , whether they 're first men or valyrians are just stuck in the middle between these opposing forces . 
  it 's just that the valyrians had this grandoise imperial style , while the first men were more stoic pagan types who probably had knowledge too , back when the children of the forest were more active , it 's just less flashy . 
  when you think about it both the north and the people scattered around essos from valyria are in the same boat , they 've both lost the ancient knowledge that allows them to understand what is re-emerging in the current events of the got . 
  the many faced god is death , hot or cold he always wins in the end . 
  it was a fantastic episode from many standpoints , it had an epic battle , it had some interesting character interactions , it had a distinct absence of sand snakes . 
  however i would n't call it the best because it did n't have any shocking character drama . 
  they 're probably saving that for later in the series . 
  best episode of series 5 so far i 'll give you that , but not the best episode of the entire programme . 
  joffrey 's wedding and the red wedding were the best for shit going down in regard to the actual drama . 
  fuck that , i hear sothoros is nice this time of year ... 
  hmm i do n't think so personally . 
  i reckon that there are two great magical forces in the world , the fire and the ice if you will . 
  both can be good or bad and each have their distinct character . 
  like the children of the forest are the masters of good ice magic , more to do with nature and earth and shit . 
  on the other hand the dragons are representative of good fire magic , more to do with celestial stuff and light . 
  however both have evil sides . 
  the white walkers are obviously the evil side to the ice magic side of things . 
  however i think we 'll see some bad things happening in the fire side too . 
  something to do with the red god , lord of light and the prophecies . 
  the dragons are likely to be the solution to the ice problem , but what about the fire side of things ? 
  what about `` waking the sleepers '' and all that , bran 's role in things , maybe he wo n't be fighting the ice side but rather the fire side of things . 
  the fire side of things being what caused the doom in valyria rather than a natural event , seems too serious to be natural , thousands of years later and people are still shit scared of the place . 
  the valyrians were into some heavy magical shit , this we know . 
  maybe they went too far and that 's what caused the doom . 
  ultimately you need fire to counter ice , so i 'd suspect you need ice to counter fire . 
  is it me or did they seem rather fucking casual with the king of the white walkers staring them down like 50 metres away !, 
   i ca n't even name a european country that is getting close to legalizing marijuana like the usa is . 
  remove xeno , remove xeno , you are worst heretic . 
  you are the heretic idiot you are the heretic smell . 
  return to warp storm . 
  to our abhuman cousins you may come our galactic sector . 
  you may live on a prison planet ... . ahahahaha , legions of chaos we will never forgeve you . 
  heretical rascal fuck but fuck asshole xeno stink chaos sqhipere shqipare . . fall of the eldar best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead xeno . . ahahahahahchaos we will get you !!, 
  do not forget the great crusade . 
  tau we kill the ethereals , tau return to your precious perdus rift ... . hahahahaha idiot xeno and heretics smell so bad . . wow i can smell it .
