  personally i was just trying to say that for me i can respect someone wanting to participate in a millenia old religion , but have a hard time taking the notion that god revealed a new testament to a 19th century guy in utah . 
  amg everyone knows cod is a saltwater fish and carp is a freshwater fish , do n't you know anything ? 
  2/10 ... worst game ever ... would not buy ... 
  they tell you not to contradict alzheimers patients because it will only upset them . 
  for example i know someone whose nan always thinks they 're going on holiday whenever her family take her out somewhere . 
  in the end they just had to tell her that wherever they go is somewhere they 're visiting on holiday , even if they 're just going to the park . 
  chill out `` old timer '', 
  maybe in your part of the world . 
  not in mine and many other 's . 
  til young millionaires are paedos, 
  i 'm not falling vicitm to anything . 
  being over literal you 're making this about the truth value of the statements in the bible . 
  my argument is more about the cultural heritage of the religious practice . 
  but if we 're going to go that way i 'll say this , mormons are still crazier than traditional religious believers , since if we hypothetically take on the premise that god exists and can intervene in the world , it makes far more sense that were he to do 2000 years ago that we would have no confirming evidence , whilst if it were to happen in the 19th century you 'd think there would be a better chance of confirming the truth of those events . 
  perhaps god clearly made his existence obvious in the distant past , if he did we 'd still only have the accounts of people who 'd seen it , however the idea that he made his presence know to some guy in 19th century america all of sudden leaving no trace is even more far fetched . 
  my point was mostly about cultural heritage , but furthermore we ca n't know when it makes sense for god to reveal himself , but if he did reveal himself 4000-2000 years ago , it makes more sense that we would n't have any confirmation of it . 
  what does n't make sense is that he 'd suddenly make himself know to some 19th century guy in america without any means of confirming it and it being totally missed by the rest of the world . 
  l\u00f6ffel ... gabel ... l\u00f6ffel + gabel = g\u00f6ffel ... mind fucking blown !, 
  verdammung is doom , verdammung nennen means , to name or call doom . 
  as in `` ihr k\u00f6nnt mich der pinguin der verdammung nennen '' = `` you can name me the penguin of doom '' , verbs often go at the end in german . 
  and me * !, 
  the point is n't why not america , why not the 19th century , any locale or time is indeed arbitrary , although i do find the idea that he 'd switch from middle east to america for no reason whatsoever slightly far-fetched . 
  the point is that if he did intervene in the 19th century it would be logical that we 'd have some better evidence for it and that is would be a far higher profile event that would reach a larger number of people . 
  that is to say , god may have acted in a reasonably high profile way in 4000-2000 years ago , but being the time that it was and so long ago it 's reasonable to see why a ) the whole world was n't made aware and b ) why we have no confirming evidence . 
  what is unreasonable however is to think god just revealed a whole new testament to a small number of people in the us who 's religion even almost 200 years later does n't even reach 15 million people . 
  this is how i imagine an adult pokemon that is an exploration of the terrifying possibilities of nature . 
  it would be an open world next gen 3d survival game in a morally bankrupt society that is constantly at war with the natural world . 
  in this universe the predator / prey competition is so fierce that all the animals ( known locally as pokemon ) have evolved incredible defensive and offensive capacities , harassing all the powers of nature - electricity , fire , poison etc to their ends . 
  human society has only been able to prosper through learning to enslave the pokemon and train them to do their bidding . 
  fortunately through harassing this immense power and the ability to study the pokemon 's preternatural abilities the human 's technological capacities have now surpassed our own , despite this the core of their society is still at its heart primitive and violent . 
  gladiatorial battle between pokemon and their professional training is lauded as the highest most noble pursuit one can achieve , the most highly skilled trainers achieving international fame and fortune . 
  every night there are dozens of channels showing nothing but various bloody pokemon battle leagues . 
  on the other hand individuals that for some reason are unable to or choose not to possess pokemon has classed as second hand citizens , living in squalor , forced to labour for pittance and disrespected by all . 
  children are unable to own pokemon , and are considered under the protection of the their parents . 
  however at the age of 18 , in a display of sheer spartan cruelty , each child is gifted a new born low level local pokemon by their parents with the blessing of the local pokemon professor ( each town having a local pokemon professor who plays an administrative role in local area ensuring traditions are rigourously enforced as well as being an expert on the local fauna and flora ) , and then sent out into the wilderness , forbidden to return to society until they have captured and trained a full set of high strength pokemon and then defeated a number opponents choosen by a set of local dojos in their region . 
  many children are never heard of again , some killed on their travels in the wilderness by the vicious pokemon that inhabit it , some lose their pokemon and flee , often driven mad by the harsh reality of the wilderness , hiding out in the ghettos of pokemonless classes , however for many death is the preferable and more honourable option . 
  if the child succeeds they are welcomed back to their community as proven adults , able to marry , have children and make careers . 
  many wish only to survive and return and find a comfortable job at silph.co or wherever , some go on to then study to become pokemon professors or nurses trained in the art of healing injured pokemon . 
  however those that wish to become professional pokemon trainers must go further , defeating all the dojos and then battling the infamous `` elite four '' , four highly skilled pokemon masters elected by the professional pokemon trainer 's league ( pptl ) every four years to act as arbiters to the profession . 
  it is only by defeating all elite four in succession that one achieves this ancient and noble honour . 
  just to add to the horror of the situation , whilst the use of tricks and deception is considered dishonourable and frowned upon , their is no law in the wilderness . 
  this means that new trainer must not merely fear having themselves and their pokemon killed and injured by the wild and feral pokemon in the natural environment , but also other trainers . 
  rivals from your local village may try to impede and hinder your progression as a pokemon trainer through ambushes and assaults . 
  furthermore their are pokemon bandits , such as the locally notorious `` team rocket '' , choose , instead of capturing and training wild pokemon , to steal them from other trainers , often murdering or injuring the trainer in the process . 
  you are ash , a teenage boy just approaching the cusp of manhood who dreams of being a professional pokemon trainer despite your parents warning that you should merely try to survive the wilderness as they did and return home as soon as you are eligible for citizenship . 
  you however have other plans , what horrors await you as you prepare to enter ... the long grass . 
  a belief being popular is n't evidence of credibility , but i would claim that if a belief was provided by god is would at least be popular . 
  it 's pretty clear that if god did intervene in the world 2000 years ago he could do so in clear and remarkable fashion and it would only be recorded in the way it has been , however if he 'd intervened 200 years ago it seem unlikely that he 's going to reveal himself only to a small group of people in the us who 've only managed to garner 15 million followers in 200 years . 
  how is his accent northern at all ? 
  he says barth not baath . 
  sounds like modern rp to me . 
  i do n't see it that way at all . 
  the support of a whole culture and history makes a big difference imo . 
  i do n't think you 're using the word logical correctly . 
  i 'm not suggesting that you should n't attempt to reason about the mindset of the almighty . 
  the point i was making is that ultimately we ca n't know the god 's thinking , because we ca n't know what would make sense . 
  importantly logic is a matter of consistency , i do think the mormon 's account is inconsistent within the christian narrative yes . 
  that does n't make god 's appearance to abraham illogical , it a consistent purposed action . 
  do n't confuse illogical with unverifiable . 
  alright calm down . 
  what beliefs ? 
  i 'm agnostic , i think it 's laughable you 're not even seeing my point of view . 
  i do n't believe i 'm bias , i 'm not preferring islam or christianity or judaism . 
  i just think that a ) mormon beliefs are inconsistent within the christian narrative b ) an unverifiable divine event seems more probably in the ancient era rather than not all that long ago c ) if we assume god 's existence , the success of orthodox christian beliefs through history lends them support over a very niche religion that hold next to no sway outside pockets of the us . 
  personally i 'm an agnostic , but i can at least recognise why people would be swayed by conventional religion , however i find that mormonism seems hard to take remotely seriously . 
  you 're not seeing my points . 
  my point was n't that 2000 years ago is somehow better than 200 years ago . 
  my point was that were such an event to occur 2000 years it would make sense we have so little evidence for it save accounts from the time , while if it was 200 years ago there would be more support for it . 
  my other point is n't that just because a belief is popular it 's therefore more believable . 
  my point is that assuming that god exists , it would make sense , him being a perfect being capable of tailoring his actions to have the desired impact , that his intervention would have massive ramifications . 
  when you look at the influence of orthodox christian beliefs throughout history , its spread and its acceptance throughout the ages , you can see the ramifications of these supposed events lends credibility to that notion . 
  the same can not be said of mormonism . 
  that is very different point from the one you 're ascribing to me . 
  it works for me though , and i enjoy the escapism in a gritty reality . 
  it appeals to aspects of human nature that happy fun things do n't . 
  also i do n't see how a gritty reboot detracts from the original . 
  see this illustrations does n't make the ordinary pokemon universe less happy and childlike . 
  some people like grittiness , if you do n't like it you do n't have to partake . 
  personally i find the notions of a dark and disturbing pokemon like world interesting , would it make a difference if it was n't called pokemon ? 
  anyway tl ; dr different strokes, 
  a ) there are inconsistencies , but nothing so wildly off theme as skipping 1800 years to a different culture 5000 miles or whatever away . 
  b ) in the bible jesus walks on water , feeds the 5000 , these are not unverifiable in principle just in practice due to the passage of time . 
  the mormon idea , although i believe it also includes the discovery of golden plates that miraculously disappeared before they could documented , is unverifiable in principle as well as practice . 
  which is only further indicative that it was deliberately made so to convince people its leader was legitimate . 
  c ) it makes perfect sense . 
  you thinking about this all wrong as evidenced by your other reply where you say `` market share of belief is not an indicator of underlying truth of belief . '' . 
  it 's not about the truth of the belief , you seem really hung up on this . 
  i 'm coming at this from the perspective of a believer , who is already sold on the existence of god . 
  if we assume this , it makes plenty of sense that the true version of events would be the one that has impacted the course of history , kings and nations going back to ancient times , that swept the world and revolutionised the roman empire . 
  not the niche belief that 200 years later has yet to make an impact on the world in any significant manner . 
  what i 'm not saying is that the fact that this happened is evidence of it 's truth value , that is could n't have happened unless it was true . 
  i 'm merely saying why i can sympathise more with ordinary christians and find it hard to believe people follow mormonism . 
  a ) if you think so , so be it . 
  does n't seem remotely the same to me, 
  b ) does n't respond to the point in hand . 
  seems perfectly reasonable to take the notion with no evidence bar word of mouth that can not be verified for a good reason such as the passage of time more seriously than one which should be verifiable but merely is n't due to happenstance or convenient coincidence . 
  c ) it 's not a question of substance of the beliefs . 
  seems patently obvious to me that if god did exist it would be the god of one of the more successful and significant religions which have had a massive impact on human history and culture . 
  whether or not he exists is a separate issue altogether . 
  more like [ hot pie : the simulator ] ( http://static2.hypable.com/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/hot-pie.jpg ),
