  half the kids were n't even allowed to into the city by themselves . 
  what 's fucked up is so how commercialised we all were too . 
  like , you wear nike trainers ? 
  gtfo you ca n't sit with us . 
  you wear fila 's ? 
  ha , good luck finding anyone who 'll talk to you at all . 
  wear vans , yeah i suppose you 're passable but they 're not really cool . 
  oh you wear etnies , want to come chill with us ? 
  it was all really silly looking back but we just used knowledge of brands , music , and places as a weapon in those days . 
  you could n't just ask someone straight up because nobody would let you in unless they 'd already vetted you to be cool . 
  nor could you turn to the internet and spend hours googling until you were up to date on all that shit . 
  i think it 's something that 's far less common these days simply because the kids all have even access to the same stuff , so why even have the pretence . 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  i 'm sure kids these days have their own things . 
  i 'm merely pointing out that it 's different . 
  as i said before . 
  it 's nothing to do with being out of touch , and i 'm not saying that kids do n't have their own things or tribalism . 
  however , it has changed , and it is not and will not always be the same . 
  hell , i saw how it changed as i grew up , but the time i was 19 the internet was already starting to impact the way we related to each other . 
  [ nope , still not hearing it ] ( https://youtu.be/1yqrietxa5a?t=44 ), 
  well i think it 's a great song and you 're just a misery . 
  i think she 's more likely to be have been picked as the best looking of hundreds of women working in the wadc - women 's ambulance and defence corps . 
  i 've noticed that on reddit , when i click through to the comments on a thread where the main link is a video , the video embed is opening automatically when the page loads . 
  what 's with that ? 
  have i just changed my preferences by accident or is it a new thing ? 
  if it is a new thing i wish it would go back to how it was before , quite annoying and adds a few seconds to every page loading . 
  sounds like they 're getting away from religious parents who they do n't get on with . 
  if i were in a similar situation i 'd want to be on the other side of the country too . 
  when they find out hopefully he or she will be far away in leeds . 
  i do n't know how crazy these parents are but if they are extreme then they could do everything in their power to stop them from going if they tell them before . 
  the government pays your tuition and gives a reasonably generous living cost loan , additional funding is available if you can prove you 're no longer supported by your parents in any respect ( often directly from the uni ) . 
  you are also able to have a part time job on top of this . 
  if you opt for halls many halls offer a contract that runs through the christmas and easter term breaks and holidays because of foreign students who wo n't want to fly home during these periods . 
  if you opt for a student house often these are 12 month contracts that run until the start of the following year . 
  at which point you can renew . 
  you are acting quite ignorant of many people 's situation . 
  obviously i know nothing of op 's circumstances , so i ca n't say if this applies to them , but i do know people who went to university in part to escape abusive or neglective parents and an unhappy situation back home . 
  for these people going to university was their opportunity to completely cut ties with their parents and become self sufficient . 
  it 's obviously not an easy path , other kids are able to blow through their money partying during the term time doing what they want knowing they 'll be able to go home during the holidays and eat from their parents table and sleep in their old rooms . 
  other kids can spend their time split between the library and pub knowing they wo n't have to earn additional money to fund their lifestyle , however , lots of people do it the hard way because the alternative of their homelife is less appealing . 
  sure , if op 's parents are supportive but they just have differing opinions about where to go to university then i do n't advise doing this , however , if their homelife is bad to the point where they just want to go it alone then by all means is a reasonable opportunity to do so and i wish them all the best . 
  if it is the latter i suggest the first thing they do is go to their university student support and see what help they can provide as well as trying every fast food place , coffee shop and restaurant to see what part time labour is available in their area . 
  # 8,200 a year is nothing to shake a stick at . 
  perhaps you stop talking out your arse and check the facts . 
  the only dickhead here is you . 
   university should be a happy time where you try new things , not struggle to make ends meet . 
  yes ** should be ** being the important words here . 
  are you so entitled that you do n't realise that for many people this simply is n't a possible reality ? 
  i 've already stated that this only something op should do if their homelife is truly so bad that a much harder student life is an appealing alternative . 
  where the fuck do you see me saying it 's easy and they should do it without thoroughly thinking it over or knowing what they 'll be getting into ? 
  i 'm merely pointing that thousands of students find themselves in this situation every single year and it is doable if someone is determined enough , and that for many of these students missing out on some of the student experience because they 're working and budgeting is a far more appealing alternative than going back home to their parents . 
  # 8200 a year + uni hardship grant + part time job would put their yearly income similar to that of someone on a full time minimum wage job , which i 'll add they wo n't pay tax on , which in addition to all the student discounts they 'll be entitled to means they 're actually better off . 
  it 's not an easy living but it 's doable as a single individual who lives in a shared house . 
  i ca n't believe the sheer level of naivety you 're displaying , you are truly a dickhead . 
  that 's the beauty of an if clause my friend . 
  it allows you to lay out hypothetical situations that should only be followed if the condition is fulfilled . 
  if op is really serious about breaking contact with their parents and would prefer a much harder student life to having their parents involved in their life they should do what i outlined . 
  if their parents are decent folk and they 're just disagreeing about where to go to uni or other resolvable differences then they should n't go ahead with disappearing off to leeds without their parent 's knowledge . 
  it 's like magic is n't it , we can give advice without actually having to know op 's circumstances . 
  i mean it 's pretty popular , but it 's not exactly light cultural entertainment for most people . 
  i 've been seeing shakespeare at the rsc in stratford upon avon throughout my life and i have to say i 've always found it far easier to get into and more enjoyable seeing it performed than you could reading the text . 
  the productions tend to have extremely high production value and these days take more risks in interpretation , whereas in the past they took a more puritanical attitude . 
  this change in the last 20 years or so has actually brought shakespeare a lot more commercial success , and i know it 's not unusual for most of this productions to sell out for the first few weeks of the run at least . 
  as far as popularity , every british person is aware of shakespeare , will know of his most famous plays , and will recognise quotes and stuff from them . 
  everyone will remember having to study him a bit in school probably unfavourably . 
  that said most people are n't what i 'd call fans . 
  that said there 's a reasonably large market for both the globe and the rsc performances , with plenty of people willing to pay money to see shakespeare performed at the highest level at these theatres . 
  in fact in many ways we do n't realise how lucky we are to be able see such high quality performances of shakespeare in our own back garden . 
  all you need to do is find a job and move in . 
  there is no anmeldung process in the uk , you merely start work and your employer will need a copy of your passport and then you will get a national insurance number . 
  health insurance is n't a problem either . 
  you can simply define yourself as a tourist while you 're looking for work , which means you 're entitled to health insurance on the basis of having an ehic card . 
  when you find a job and get an national insurance number then you 'll effectively be a tax payer and therefore be entitled to the nhs indefinitely so long as your remain in the country . 
  there is no visa for eu citizens , you 're basically done the moment you arrive . 
  it 's actually far easier for germans to move to the uk , than it is for uk citizens to move to germany , since germany has a lot more complicated paperwork to fill in . 
  set this to some slowed down elevator music and you 'll have _ aesthetic _, 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0hxpqccqhms ), 
  that 's perfect grounds for an assault and battery charge . 
  doormen have no right to physically handle people or take any kind of aggressive action . 
  sure , the police will turn a blind eye to a little pushing or shoving , but that 's about as far as they 'll go . 
  since he 's got the evidence these two fuckers will need to see a judge if the kid presses charges . 
  this is why you have idiots in the us throwing tortoises into ponds . 
  the story is about a hare and a tortoise . 
  there is no rabbit , there is no turtle . 
  turtles are not knowing for being slow , they live in water , tortoises are , they live on land . 
  a tortoise could no more swim across the river than a rabbit or a hare could , this whole thing is dumb . 
  how many tortoises have to drown before americans acknowledge they 're completely different animals . 
  ultimately i think what you 're talking about is the same power any human being has under british law to defend himself and people around him . 
  the police definitely give bouncers the benefit of the doubt a lot of the time , however there 's no way what 's going on here is justifiable . 
  i 'm pretty sure you 're not meant to detain anyone outside the club , you 'd be better following them down the street at a distance and reporting their whereabouts to the police until they arrive . 
  anyway i 'm not aware of any british law that provides bouncer or security special status in regards to handling other people . 
  ok so first off , this man is not a criminal . 
  he 's only a criminal if he 's committed and then convicted of a crime , what this guy might have done may not constitute a crime , they may also lack evidence to prove what he did . 
  at this point he 's not even suspected of a crime , these men are n't police and can only function as witnesses to a crime . 
  i have no idea about the us but in the uk this is assault and battery . 
  if a drunk comes to a police officer and claims to have been assaulted by a bouncer , unless they 're noticeable hurt the officers tend to just give the bouncer the benefit of the doubt . 
  however , apart from that , in the uk bouncers and security have no special powers granted to them simply because they have a bouncing licence . 
  any leeway for a bit of aggressive manoeuvring disappears once the person being removed is off your premises . 
  you 're certainly not permitted to detain people off the premises as they are here . 
  what you 're seeing here is a grossly overly aggressive response that is not permitted under british law , and the fact that you defend what they 're doing i find bewildering and the fact you claim to have `` done worse '' extremely troubling .
