  anything outside their discipline they 'd call imperialist racist eurocentric lies . 
  sadly this is the traditional from which most current feminism and gender studies derives it authority , these thinkers were basically the social engineers behind tumblrite and the insane `` facts are irrelevant '' breed of anti-empiricism that is pervading our culture . 
  an example of this in trans culture when , rather than saying gender is a biologically derived social construct built upon a logical foundation for what each sex is physiologically suited for that most people happily adhere to , one that can be observed through nature in almost all species , but if someone feels they want to live as another gender that 's cool due to liberal ethics assuring that person 's right to be free from prejudice and so forth . 
  they will literally say that gender is an entirely arbitrary social construct derived from the oppression of the patriarchy and if it was n't for these oppressors we would n't even have a concept of gender . 
  i mean both imply the same thing , that trans people should be given rights and not be persecuted , but these wankers ca n't be happy with attacking prejudice at the level of prejudice , they have to try to redefine reality to suit their agenda and spin an absurd narrative to contradict all the evidence against it on some po-mo ground that truth does n't real and we live in a world of ideology . 
  hardly , i think we can reject positivism without falling into ridiculous po-mo meanderings about the irreality of the real or being qua being or whatever other concept these nutcases want to dream up . 
  there 's nothing to grasp , it 's just some idiots ranting pure conjecture for pages and pages , that 's why we have the analytic tradition , so we have philosophy that is n't a pile of steaming crap . 
   oh god how wrong you are . 
  yeah because a painful / costly procedure is easier than the pill / condoms right ? 
   the solution to your postulating is adoption . 
  there are many loving , stable households that would love to have a child of their own . 
  no there is n't , there are far more children than there is loving parents willing to adopt . 
   also , no , the potential for life is not the same when the egg and sperm have n't joined and started mitosis . 
  yes they are , flour , eggs , water , milk and sugar have just much `` cake potential '' as cake mix in a baking tin does . 
  the only difference is the number of actions that are needed to realise the cake . 
  by the same logic a healthy sperm moving towards the embryo has the same `` baby potential '' as a fertilised egg . 
   how about you stop getting worked up and see it from my point of view , for the sake of argument . 
  i can see your perspective and it 's ridiculous . 
   but your logic is flawed . 
  no it 's not , your logic is transparently flawed . 
  you are making arbitrary distinctions a points in a causal process on the basis of how you conceptualise something becoming alive . 
  but it 's flawed because if you were seeing straight you would see that it 's exactly that , arbitrary . 
   you must show me the point at which an embryo becomes life to disprove my assertions , and you ca n't , because life begins literally as the cells begin dividing . 
  no i need n't , because this concept of `` alive '' is just some arbitrary concept you have imposed on reality . 
  it has no strict definition , you have literally just decided that mitosis is the point when something is considered `` alive '' and then put some type of irrational emotional significance to your notion of being `` alive '' so you can get on your moral high horse . 
  tell me is a string of proteins alive ? 
  is a virus alive ? 
  bacteria capable of replication ? 
  a tadpole is about as alive as fertilised embryo after a week or so of mitosis . 
  yet you have no problem killing a tadpole . 
  therefore your argument necessarily relies on the notion of potentiality , which as is no different whether you 're preventing a potential child from birth via contraception or by abortion . 
  we have rules about abortion because that 's when a foetus is sufficiently alive to have brain activity and such , in this case this is the only meaning of `` alive '' that matters . 
   the same potential is not there when you jerk it into a sock . 
  the sock does n't have a baby ,, 
  so when that sock is a condom in a woman 's vagina it 's ok because you 're not having sex with reproductive female , it 's with the condom . 
  every time decide not to conceive a child when we could we are denying a potential life , apparently this is wrong by your definition . 
   and contraception in general is not to avoid bearing a child , it 's to avoid beginning that life in the first place . 
  this is actually hilarious . 
  the reason for contraception has always been uncontroversially to prevent bearing a child , the fact that it prevent mitosis is utter inconsequential side effect . 
  this concept of `` beginning a life '' is just some arbitrary significance you decided on with no basis whatsoever and is therefore meaningless . 
  i 'll tell you why your position is `` logical jump '' for me , but it 's absolutely meaningless and logically flawed . 
  you have put some nigh on religious significance on the process of cell division when it is in fact nothing more than one arbitrarily divided portion of the casual chain that leads to reproduction . 
  there are only two logical arguments here . 
  one is that mitosis constitutes life and to kill anything that is alive is wrong , therefore killing off bacteria is immoral . 
  the other is the potentiality argument , in which case it makes no different if you deny the existence of the child before or after mitosis has initiated . 
  there is literally and absolutely nothing special about mitosis , that is a significance you have imposed on it . 
  which is completely fucked since your arbitrary distinction has massive ramifications for the wellness of children and parents around the world . 
  all because you have decided in your god like judgement that a human life starts at the first division of cells . 
  it 's fucking absurd and abhorrent , i would n't care about your ill founded opinion apart from the fact that your decision of put arbitrary significance on the fertilisation of an embryo has such life ruining implications for many people other than yourself . 
  what are you not getting ? 
  `` life '' does n't start . 
  `` life '' means nothing . 
  you might as well ask when something starts to be beautiful . 
  in biology there are dozens of definitions what life is , all including different amounts of chemical structures observable in nature . 
  you may as well take a spectrum running green to blue and ask when does the `` blue '' start . 
  there is no delineation . 
  it 's absolutely not the `` crux '' of the argument . 
  you are absolutely guilty of taking an everyday concept that you assume is self-evident , in this case `` life '' , and then trying to force reality into a hole that it wo n't fit into just to simplify the debate . 
  you 've done this by picking an entirely arbitrary point in a process and going this far but no farther . 
  it 's intellectually weak as fuck , and would be forgiveable if it were not for the massive implications your bad thinking has on society . 
  the question is n't when some abstract indefinable notion of `` life '' begins , the only meaningful question is when does the act of abortion constitute harm to an entity capable of suffering . 
  that is to say when does the foetus develop sufficiently to constitute an entity capable of being harmed . 
  doctors and scientists have decided this to be at a certain point in its development when it begins to exhibit animal like properties such as brain stem activity which is why we have regulations governing that . 
  that is all that matters here , not some oversimplified layman concept like `` life '' . 
  hell we kill plenty of things that are alive and fact they are alive is neither here nor there . 
  there 's nowhere near 350 million people in the us , you 'd have to add another highly populated state like california on top for it to be around that figure . 
  the bismarck, 
  muh carriers !, 
  and of course ir will be germany that starts to fall behind as the rest of world gets into a boom cycle due to absolute fiscal conservatism leading to reduced economic growth . 
  i 'm sorry but no just no ... the programme really dragged out a lot of the shit . 
  the last thing breaking bad is , is an exceptional story to length ratio . 
  as of now i 'm actually enjoying this more than the last couple of season 's of breaking bad . 
  the thing thing that both these programmes do well is the character development tale , we saw how walt became heisenberg and now we 're seeing how saul became the character in breaking bad . 
  this is definitely something that i feel breaking bad lost in the last couple of seasons which is why i began to lose interest . 
  anyone else feel that the real pull of the programme was seeing walt 's rise to power / fall into iniquity ? 
  i for one did n't give a shit if hank caught him in the end , that all felt drawn out as fuck . 
  no i 'm not fucking kidding . 
  come on so many episodes of that programme where absolutely jack shit happens . 
  i mean come on the fly episode ? 
  it was a good piece of drama but plotwise nothing happens . 
  62 episode is not a short run for a programme , and it was hardly the most action packed one going . 
  i 'm pretty sure i appreciate more subtle and nuanced plot devices than the average breaking bad fan . 
  it was n't a bad series , but it 's hardly perfect . 
  some of the characters walt jr / walt 's wife / hank 's wife were boring as hell . 
  many episodes barely gave you any plot progression whatsoever . 
  stop worshipping what is nothing more than a decent but flawed series . 
  glad someone can see it . 
  seems the fanbois are out in force today . 
  there 's a lot of angry australians and south africans reading this now !, 
  as a child i once went camping with some american boy scouts and witnessed the whole flag worship saluting nonsense . 
  it was weird and creepy , so i just stayed silent throughout . 
   but please do n't state your opinions in such a that way that they can be construed as facts . 
  i 'm sorry but is n't that exactly what you just did when you wrote . 
   til someone does n't appreciate plot devices and character development . 
  i mean you literally just did exactly that which is why i 'm accusing you of fanboi worship since you think my differing opinion necessarily entails i do n't appreciate `` plot devices and character development . '', 
  truth is i disagree , i think that many episodes had little character development and no plot development . 
  especially in the last two series the whole thing felt rather self-indulgent with actually interesting content spread too thinly between episodes . 
  frankly i reckon there was about 40 episodes worth of content spread between 62 episodes , by the final series i was just begging for some closure and hoping the thing would just get round to the damn end . 
  consider this , perhaps unbeknownst to you those episodes were n't character progressive and actually just filler so they could stretch more cash out of the programme 's popularity , and you were just too hooked on the actually good episodes to see it . 
  i did n't say `` fly '' was a bad episode .
