  the results of initiatives and petitions for referenda at the local and state levels in germany have `` often been disappointing '' , said lammert . 
  in part , this applies `` to the legitimate , but often substantial endeavours of individual groups , to defend their interests in binding political policy in a low voter turnout environment . 
  therefore i am against referenda at a federal level , which is not permitted under fundamental law . '', 
  that 's not true . 
  a handgun is too inaccurate ( in the hands of most people before anyone starts posting videos of professional sport shooting ) to make aiming for anything but the centre of mass . 
  the only people you 'll see shoot limbs is professional police marksmen in situations where the danger is n't that great , for example , someone threatening suicide , an unarmed threat , or someone with a knife who is a long way from any potential victims . 
  the difference is entirely mentality . 
  most european police forces are trained to use their weapons only as a last resort when they identify a solid lethal threat . 
  this is because the mentality is based around the idea that most cops can go through their whole careers and never fire their weapon while on duty . 
  the mentality of the american police is that there 's a lethal threat lurking around every corner , so why risk their lives to save the life of someone who is failing to comply with their instructions and by their logic is probably a criminal . 
  acting in a threatening way , such has putting your hands in your pockets , moving erratically , failing to comply with instructions , are all valid reasons to shoot in the us . 
  where european police would wait to the last second to resort to lethal force , us cops will open fire with no problem . 
  this difference in mentality obviously has quite a lot to do with the difference between the frequency of police murders per capita . 
  us cops are more at risk . 
  that said , my personal opinion is that the us mentality actually escalates the relationship between law enforcement and criminals to make a lethal outcome more probable , and i think in europe an unarmed police force , or a police force that is less likely to use lethal force , actually incentivises criminals to avoid using lethal force as well . 
  [ here is a good example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pwfu0wz6igg ) of how highly trained european armed officers take greater personal risk unto themselves than the average us cop . 
  sadly , speaking as someone who grew up in an affluent suburb in the west midlands that is mostly white , but not too far from birmingham , the attitude of the loudest anti-immigration voices is that the inner city is a lost cause , and this was a vote to save the last bastions of britishness that are under threat from a foreign menace . 
  these people have long accepted that many nationalities in the inner city is the norm , but of course they start to believe that their little stronghold is being overrun when they start to see upwardly mobile people with an immigration background moving to their area . 
  in the city it 's easy to believe that being blind to race and nationality is the norm , but once you get out into middle england there are plenty of people who secretly despise the dilution of british culture with foreign influence . 
  their voices are ones that have been suppressed from main stream political discourse for so many years that giving them their opportunity to voice it naturally invoked a strong reaction at the polls . 
  where i grew up it certainly was n't hard to find yourself someone who held strongly anti-immigration views , of all generations . 
  all you 'd have to do is voice a complaint about an immigrant you met , or express fear at how the city was changing , to prompt them to unleash a repressed tirade of anger at the fact that they were building a mosque , that whites were a minority in some areas , or blaming crime on non-brits . 
  looking back at my time working the uk , it was n't all that rare to find the racists . 
  i remember once working in a clothes department and hearing the old ladies talking about how the the asians always returned their clothes stinking of curry , or bitch that the one eastern european colleague could n't `` speak english proper '' . 
  i think we have to come back to reality , and realise that these voices in the uk populace never went away , they 've always been there , just taking a back seat due to not having a legitimate outlet for their views . 
  that feeling when you realise that the norway arrangement offers absolutely no advantages over the status quo even from the most ardent leave supporter 's perspective , but comes with a bunch of disadvantages . 
  privatised railways like deutsche bahn , which offers affordable travel with far nicer and faster trains than the uk does ? 
  well they seem to be doing a decent job of it over here in germany . 
  really could n't tell you why they 're so expensive . 
  i 've been able to travel the length and breadth of germany for under $ 40 . 
  i know , that was just my way of broadly saying that you 're probably right . 
  to be fair , cannabis can also suppress appetite as well as enhance it . 
  when i was a teenage stoner i actually ate a lot less , because after a while the constant munchies leads to your mind just blocking out the urge to eat . 
  when i stopped abusing cannabis like an idiot i found my natural appetite returned a normal level , before i would go long periods without any food and then binge on crap , once i stopped i found myself enjoying regular moderate meals in a far healthier fashion . 
  definitely think daily cannabis use is a good idea for people with illnesses that respond to it , but i would n't recommend it for anyone who is n't ill . 
  naturally i 'm pro legalisation , but just wanted to reinforce that like anything if used recreationally then there needs to be moderation . 
  when i was younger the news was something that i avoided simply by ignoring it . 
  i did n't feel part of the debate , i did n't care for any of the parties , and i felt things would be equally shit regardless of my opinion . 
  news just did n't bother me back then . 
  my adopted country lol , unfortunately i 'm english . 
  ai n't is part of british english too , it spread all over because it was part of the english aristocratic slang , a contraction of `` am not '' , naturally it was picked up by widely by the masses . 
  this made is take on a different association , with that of the proles , and then it quickly became demonised as improper . 
  this should show you that what is considered a `` real '' word is far more to who uses it . 
  a word used by the `` proper '' speakers of a language will quickly become a `` proper '' word . 
  i 'll also add that disorientated is a perfectly legitimate word you can find in the dictionary that has been therefore a very long time . 
  [ here it is in america 's precious merriam-webster ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/disorientate ) , claiming recorded usage back to 1704 . 
  saying you do n't take him seriously because he uses it is about as legitimate as me saying i ca n't take obama seriously because he uses words like `` oftentimes '' and `` gotten '' . 
  [ yes , in america too ] ( http://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/disorientate ), 
  [ no need to thank me ] ( https://www.instagram.com/pietrazigmundo/ ), 
  to sum up :, 
  `` fuck you guys we 're going to make our own union ... with hookers and blackjack ! '', 
  yeah , it 's a sad thing but that 's the reality , i 'd gladly sub to the ft if it was worth it financially , sadly i 'm broke , and i only read it for my own interest , which does n't really make it worth it unfortunately . 
  wah wah i will continue to allow the continued infliction of pointless harm on people , and the waste of tax payers ' money , because i do n't like a smell . 
  it would n't be hard to make a law that banned its use in public places . 
  i was referring to the completely unnecessary criminalisation of people , particularly those using it to treat chronic illnesses . 
  personally , i think you 're completely selfish if you 're going to allow people to keep being criminalised for smoking dope just because of inconvenience the action of a few anti-social stoned teenagers inflicts upon you . 
  i do n't like the smell of shit , but i do n't think the use of natural fertilisers should be prohibited . 
   smoke it in your home . 
  no one is ever going to know . 
  legalising it will not effect this . 
  that 's terrible reasoning . 
  just because you are probably never going to get in trouble smoking it at home does n't mean it does n't matter if it 's illegal . 
  people still get criminal records for weed , even if they do n't smoke it publicly . 
  legalise it , illegalise its use in public places , worst case scenario the situation is the same as now , best case some people stop going to parks to smoke because they no longer need to hide out . 
  also cannabis smoke is no more harmful second hand than cigarette smoke , which is legal to smoke in public . 
  seriously , give it some thought , is it really worth sending one person to prison for weed at a huge expense to the tax payer just because you hate the smell ? 
  the smell is the problem , not the drug , make laws regarding the smell , instead of criminalising people , ruining lives , wasting millions etc. 
   which is something i also oppose , certainly in recreational areas . 
  and i 'm fine with that , it 's a perfectly reasonable position to take . 
   ruining lives ? 
  you make it sound like everyone who 's ever used cannabis has n't had a choice in the matter . 
  it 's use is illegal , anyone who uses it is breaking the law . 
  i have no sympathy with anyone reprimanded for something they knew was illegal . 
  oh right ? 
  because i thought law and legality was meant to be about justice , and that justice was meant to be about punishing people who had been shown to be willing to deliberately harm others , whether that be financially or physically . 
  i did n't think it was about making arbitrary unjustified rules and then washing your hands of people because they knew that those arbitrary rules existed . 
  sounds to me like you 're doing some massive mental backflips to justify your position here . 
  maybe it 's that that should be changed , rather than blaming the eu as the original guy was doing . 
  what the hell are you talking about ? 
  child porn harms children , for every piece of it in existence a child has been hurt . 
  saying `` viewing child porn does n't harm anyone because that pornography already exists '' , it about as logical as a vegetarian who is ethically against the slaughter of animals saying it 's ok to eat meat because those animals are already dead . 
  seriously , how many more false equivalencies do you need to make to justify this position you 've taken ? 
  and i 'm just here seeing endless brexit news and world cup related stuff . 
  i think we have very different reddit experiences . 
  taiwan rightful chinese clay !, 
  tiananmen square very nice square !, 
  hong kong loves us very much !, 
  prediction for this thread : disaster . 
  this map only takes into account the cost of living in terms of nominal cost as far as i can see . 
  it 's literally just must something costs in terms of the quantity of currency needed to buy it , relative to that currency 's value on the currency exchange . 
  no attempt has been made at account for the quality of items bought . 
  it 's as simple as saying - this beer costs 20 rupees on avg . 
  in india , 20 rupees is 30 us cent , therefore the cost of living is cheaper ( although more things were probably taken into account to calculate this ) . 
  no attempt has been made to account for the quality of goods , the quantity that are bought and sold in that place , nor the quality of what is being compared . 
  it 's deceptive because it makes that look like that 's a bad thing by putting it in red and the others in green . 
  in reality , norway and switzerland have really good ratios of avg . 
  earnings to the cost of living ( and that 's even with most things seeming really expensive to people living in even the most developed countries ) . 
  for example , even though a beer costs like $ 8 in norway , the avg workers can still buy more beer than the average german , where the beer costs $ 3 . 
  that said , the mean avg . 
  salary wo n't tell you the wealth distribution , the median is a better metric .
