  i 've gone off on my quest , to seek out more clay ! '', 
  all of a sudden , britain thought in his head . 
  `` was it sealand i felt , through the entire bed ? '', 
  `` could sealand affect , a great nation like me ? 
  was my aching back , caused by that tiny pea ? '', 
  britain stood aghast , was there really a chance ,, 
  that this micronation , was of true relevance ? 
  i depends on what accent you have , also i was just trying to keep true to the original to some degree . 
  well this is mighty confusing . 
  i thought the point of the ehic was that every eu citizen had it . 
  i guess you get screwed if you do n't apply for it ( i did n't even know this was possible , i thought it was just issued to everyone ) . 
  knowing the cost in germany you should n't have to pay anything insane like in germany , but it could wind up being expensive : /, 
  we learn at an early age that to shit is a shameful thing . 
  that 4 year old who shit himself , even the other 4 year olds are conditioned to mock him for it ( despite shitting yourself at a very young age being a perfectly normal thing to happen ) . 
  this is compounded by adults and carers who do n't want to deal with kids shitting themselves , again despite the kids being of an age where shitting yourself is understandable , so they either do nothing to stop or reinforce the act of shaming the kid who shits themselves . 
  we learn that control over ones bowel movements is a sign of adulthood and only babies shit themselves . 
  as we grow older shitting oneself becomes not just shameful , but unthinkable . 
  one must always maintain control over ones bowel . 
  by the teenage years the ever act of shitting in the same place as ones peers becomes taboo . 
  the kids who shit in the school toilets get soggy toilet paper thrown at them over the cubicle / stall . 
  as adults we reclaim some of that freedom to shit . 
  colleagues are n't going to disrupt someone locked behind the stall 's door , or question whether that long toilet break was a number one or number two . 
  yet we retain some of that fear of shit shaming , despite doing it in a perfectly reasonable and proper place . 
  we fear colleagues will talk behind our back if we take too long in the toilet , supposing that we are shitting , despite colleagues actually thinking that being improbable or unlikely . 
  sadly the shame around shitting is just to deep imprinted to ever truly lose . 
  many of us pretend that it does n't exist , how can we claim to be authoritative or noble when people are aware the we release smelly brown junk from our arses . 
  honestly , i think shitting is something society needs to grow up in regards to , and i 'm all for reclaiming shitting as a perfectly natural and normal thing to do . 
  it 's not helped by a juvenile semi-religious tradition that saw human excrement as sinful and evil , or by the belief that foul smells were the cause of disease and corruption . 
  anyway i feel as if i 've talked too long about shitting , but ultimately the fact that `` everybody poops '' is still something that western culture struggle with , and many people still constipate or discomfort themselves retaining their faeces just because of the stigma around it , which is n't good for health . 
  found the american . 
  `` public transport is for poor people '' seems such an uniquely american idea . 
  furthermore , if you 've ever lived in one of the world 's true megacities ( which does n't include sprawling messes like la which lack decent transport ) , you 'll know that virtually everyone gets the underground . 
  a 20 minute journey on the underground would take well over an hour in a car at peak time , even if you can afford a limo why would you waste your time like that , time is money friend . 
  yes , they started aggressively spreading around the uk in recent years ( i 'm sure they had a few places in london for quite a while now ) , marketing themselves as `` deluxe fast food '' . 
  they 're great but their prices are fucking rip off compared to other fast food outlets . 
  i 'm talking # 7 for a burger ( over $ 10 ) and then drinks and fries are additional . 
  the quality is very good though , everything being made to order in a couple of minutes . 
  it 's actually worth it once it while imo , because if you 're not a big fast food eater you may as well do it right when you do . 
  i 'd wait to see if you get into uni first if that 's possible . 
  otherwise i recommend you go down there are talk to them about eligibility . 
  if you 're not going to uni then you can go on js while you look for work . 
  honestly , it 's pretty shitty . 
  they make you go in every other week usually early in the morning , where the test you to try to catch you out , if you do n't show a list of jobs you 've applied to then they 'll sanction you . 
  it 's generally not a pleasant experience and the money you get ( especially a young age ) , is n't really enough to do anything but buy you some tinned food to get your through the week . 
  it 's very good . 
  there 's only 7 episodes . 
  i recommend watching it like this . 
  entire 1st series in order  white bear ( 2nd series )  white christmas ( 3rd series xmas special )  waldo moment ( 2nd series ) . 
  just skip `` be right back '' altogether imo , you can watch it if you 're craving more at the end . 
  sadly i found that episode to be exceptionally weak and unbelievable . 
  the xmas special is the best episode imo , but it 's best saved to the end because it integrates some of the concepts from previous episodes . 
  i 'll also add that [ this short film is very well made and has a similar concept ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lk_cdkpazji ), 
  i think it 's the best one to introduce with because it 's set in the near future and introduces the theme without relying on future technology . 
  it transitions nicely into the premise of the programme without seeming to `` sci-fi '' . 
  let 's just hope they do n't fuck it up . 
  nothing wrong with that . 
  we always expect that the future will look a certain way , and it 's almost always defined by our current prejudices and what is considered cutting edge today . 
  early sci-fi almost always projected an industrial style future , because industry was where leaps were being made at the time , they envisioned nuclear powered cars but they were driven by human beings rather than computers . 
  it 's always the same . 
  the sci-fi of the past looks funny to us , because while they envision humanity having things we 're nowhere near creating ( or do n't even make sense to create ) , they lack certain things we have already . 
  how many sci-fi shows have people doing extraordinary things like ftl travel , yet they 're interacting with a computer display with a black screen and block colours ? 
  i think holograms are good example , not 25 years ago people assumed we 'd all be surrounded by hologram advertising . 
  these days holograms seem like a novelty , why bother with holograms when you could augment reality and personally tailor it to our needs . 
  naturally 2050 will probably look nothing like most of us imagine it . 
  however , the magic of sci-fi is that while it gets most stuff wrong , every now and then it gets something right , and then it 's lauded as visionary and genius . 
  netflix bought the rights and are working on series based off it . 
   you wo n't need to search for a subway map or ask a cop or any of that shit . 
  pretty sure most people already use their phones for most that shit . 
  as soon as they can make google glass style technology better and look like ordinary glasses then i think it 'll become common place very quickly . 
  i think that will take a while though , 20 years i 'd guess . 
  you could probably interact with it via eye tracking and finger movements . 
  one thing i think 'll we 'll all have to learn one day is how to type of a virtual keyboard , imagine having to type without the feedback of your fingers actually hitting the keys . 
  another interesting fact , the english were so fed up with italians getting all the glory with the complicated many part harmonic choral music , that some royal or the other challenged british composers to come up with something to out do them . 
  which is how we got [ spem in alium ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7cn7zw8ts3y ) which is of a similar bent . 
  it 's scouse . 
  from liverpool , where the beatles were from . 
   made pizzas fresh completely from scratch, 
  found the anglo !, 
  it 's not that people are swapping the sounds . 
  it 's due to the way the words are pronounced in the majority of english english accents . 
  most accent in england are non-rhotic . 
  this means that when an - r occurs without being followed immediately by a vowel sound , then the sound we usually associate with - r ( as would in occur in a word like `` rat '' or `` saracen '' ) is not pronounced . 
  instead what happens is that the vowel is altered . 
  for each of the vowel sounds in english there is a corresponding vowel sound which is used when the vowel is followed by - r. you 're not hearing `` wata '' but something more along the lines of `` waw-tuh '' ( very hard to really write this without using the phonetic alphabet ) . 
  english english is n't the only european language that follows this pattern . 
  german for example does n't pronounce the - r unless it 's followed by a vowel , instead modifying the vowel a bit ( diphthongised ) . 
  you hear an - r in word like paula , only when a word with a vowel at the end is followed by another word that begins with a vowel . 
  for example `` paula and '' would sound a bit like `` paula rand '' or `` paular and '' . 
  this phenomena is called intrusive - r . it occurs when vowels follow one another to avoid a pause in the flow of speech . 
  unlike american english , british english tries to flow in a way more similar to french . 
  the easiest way to flow is for there to be a consonant ( or consonant cluster ) then a vowel , then another consonant , alternating this way . 
  in fact , many languages insist on this pattern . 
  `` r '' is used a bridge in english english to keep the flow going . 
  so you have two separate phenomena here . 
  one is to do with - r being pronounced only selectively , the other is to do with keeping the language flowing so you do n't have to restrict the air flow through your throat mid sentence ( a glottal stop ) . 
  dude you have some problems . 
  chill the fuck out, 
  in that case nobody does . 
  american accents have also changed vastly . 
  for example , merging vowels , words like caught and cot , calm and com all sound the same .
