  the real travesty is student debt . 
  it would n't matter so much if your history graduate did n't get a good job market was n't paying 30k to get that qualification . 
  education should be free , plenty of countries manage it . 
  worthless conservatives with their terrible grammar . 
  not entirely true . 
  for example in germany salaries have n't risen more than inflation for a very very long time and i 'd wager that the netherlands is the same . 
  typical elitist nerd , looking down on hobbies that are n't his thing . 
  you 'd think people with geeky interests would be the most tolerant of other poeple 's geeky interests , but in fact it 's the opposite , many have to belittle other niche interests as if they were detracting from their own because they 're so insecure . 
  one minutes please !, 
  also your gender is wrong ( pretty much the same as what angela merkel is thinking ) ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ bad ^ ^ and ^ ^ you ^ ^ should ^ ^ feel ^ ^ bad, 
  well played !, 
  canyon shitter is the translation i got !, 
  this is n't america ... 
  holds up spork, 
  i thought it was the most retarded shootout ever . 
  they reloaded like a couple of times , yet shot so many bullets they 'd need to be carrying 12 clips . 
  low point of the series so far for me , just massively unrealistic and over the top . 
  where the fuck are they from , i could swear they 're singing german in a scottish accent . 
  hang on if europe is n't a continent , surely that means that neither is asia ? 
  thus eurasia ? 
  i did n't say they were scottish , it 's just they sound like they are singing german in a scottish accent ... 
  i do n't know , the way they sing in german sounds strangely anglicised . 
  `` und auch hundertmal , dass ich okay bin '' could almost be speaking english . 
  maybe it 's just their style of singing . 
  there are friseurs in germany , however . 
  quoth the raven , i do understand i 'm an intermediate german speaker myself , i just think their voices sound strangely english but i think it 's the style of music . 
  nothing like binge eating and berating service workers to boost one 's self-confidence . 
  dump people on an island with not way off and see how they fare . 
  or better yet dump a bunch of small children on an island and see how they fare , the programme lasts until the last one dies , meaning if they survive long enough have children of their own and form a rudimentary society then it goes on forever . 
  also , take a bunch of survivalists and get them to raise their children as if it were the olden days like in that m night shlamala film . 
  i think you 're getting your milgram and stanford confused . 
  why even be bounded by what has previously been done . 
  surely we could build far more heinous experiments . 
  i mean really milgram and stanford are only unethical by the high standards that psychologists hold themselves to . 
  for example worse things happen in 3rd world prisons than in stanford and worse thing happen in wars in the 3rd world than milgram every single day . 
  test some game theory . 
  2 men in electric chairs . 
  million pounds on the table . 
  if you split , then you both walk away but no money , if you both kill then you both walk away but no money , but if one kills and the other does n't the one that kills gets all the money and the other dies , or some variation on that . 
  i think there 's a few more than 300 million white people in the world . 
  honestly i do n't get why bill burr is popular . 
  you 're pretty fucking lame . 
   it 's just that swedes do them the ~ ~ proper ~ ~ german way, 
  ftfy, 
  reich you are !, 
  australian ... 
  literally one every thread with a brit someone says it 's an australian and every thread with an aussie some says brit . 
  the accents are quite different , although to be fair this guy speaks with an old fashioned australian accent which is a lot more similar to british standard . 
  i just relearned how to do stalls . 
  weirdly though i have n't figured out how to backside stalls again . 
  i can frontside stall and jump back in 180 or i can drop back in fakie but not backside . 
  weirdly i remember that when i skated originally i also did n't learn backside stall for a while after i learned frontside , feel more comfortable getting onto the coping and jumping in 180 than jumping onto the coping 180 . 
  i also seem to have got makio , mizu and soul grinds down again . 
  waiting to see what else will come back to me . 
  they 're cruel . 
  the great civil war of closeted homosexuals vs out homosexuals and their supporters . 
  who will win ? 
  a heroin addict , who can obtain pure heroin in safe known quantities at a reasonable price is going to cost a lot less to their country than one who is buying it off the streets . 
  in the past when opiates were relatively available through legal sources the addicts lived relatively normal productive lives . 
  i 'm not suggesting that the quality of life of a heroin addict in those days was as good as a non-addict , but they were able to work ( certain jobs obviously being more suitable ) and get by , much like how many alcoholics function today . 
  furthermore an addict living this way would cost far less in medical costs since the impacts of long term clean opiate use are well known . 
  what medical costs this does in incur a ) already exist with current addicts + a whole host of problems related to overdoses , impure product , and bad sanitation ( hiv , hepatitis and so on ) and b ) would be easily budgeted for in the savings that would be made from not having to fund law enforcement agencies to fight the `` war on drugs '' . 
  people often seem to mistake the legalisation of drugs as the government giving the go ahead for people to use drugs . 
  this is the big mistake . 
  drug legalisation does not change the policy the authorities should have about drugs , money should still be put into discouraging drug use and helping people escape addiction , it 's merely that those who do use drugs should not be criminalised and forced into terrible lifestyles just because they in that situation . 
  furthermore legalisation does not mean some libertarian free market free for all , your local off licence would not be selling smack alongside the whiskey . 
  personally i think a tiered system in accordance with the dangers those drugs pose would be apt . 
  for example cannabis can be sold in licensed outlets , medium level drugs like hallucinogens , mdma , milder amphetamines and cocaine should be available in limited quantities after a consultation with your chemist , and harder drugs like opiates , methamphetamine , crack-cocaine and so on should only be available through prescription from special services provided you show you have a pre-existing need for the substance . 
  this would actually massively reduce the number of users if you ask me , because the market for these drugs would fall apart immediately . 
  existing users would rely on legal outlets , and since their would be far fewer dealers , new users would become incredibly scare , breaking the cycle of new drug user creation . 
  recreational users would be unaffected . 
  the unlicensed sale of these substances could still carry heavy penalties , but the resources required to implement such laws would pale in comparison to now . 
  there 's also the tax that could be added and used to fund anti-drug initiatives and treatment for addicts . 
  it would also reduce the access underage people have to substances . 
  all in all i think if measures like this were implemented you could actually see a reduction drug use overall , except for many cannabis . 
  what we do n't realise is that there are people who have money invested in the status quo , the kind of money that can be used to lobby politicians and influence public opinion through the media . 
  billions are invested in industries that centre on the illegality of drugs , and those people stand to lose a lot if legalisation becomes a reality . 
  [ je hebt gelijk ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_swivbesd50 ), 
  what do you mean outer edge ? 
  mine wear on the inside always . 
  down with this sort of thing, 
  false and homosexual . 
  none on liveleaks : /, 
  i do n't get it : /, 
  that does n't make much sense to me : / anyway to answer your question it 's the side that faces inwards , as for form it 's not something i 've ever thought about since all i do is aggressive skating . 
  strange how in some countries it 's perfectly acceptable to drink alcohol on public transport and others its not . 
  in the uk you can drink on the trains , just not on the tube in london for some reason . 
  in germany drinking on trains is absolutely normal and they even have bars where you can buy a drink . 
  haha well that 's one way to think about it . 
  i was thinking along the lines of maybe there is some correlation between having a tiny dick and getting naked in public inappropriately . 
  polar bears are serious business . 
  in some places you absolutely can not go out of the towns without being armed because they are so aggressive and see humans as an ideal prey . 
  i think you 're ok to walk around town . 
  news of a poplar bear would travel quickly given there 's pretty much only one town on the whole landmass , i think it 's unusual for them to come close . 
  however you certainly ca n't leave the town area without being armed . 
  [ here 's a video about visiting ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efj-ze2-squ ), 
  we have the guns though, 
  [ here 's one that 's just flowered ] ( http://i.usatoday.net/news/_photos/2012/04/28/tree-falling-bear-returned-to-the-wild-661cnuld-x-large.jpg ), 
  wow the irrational hatred some americans go into when they hear about cultural differences within the anglosphere . 
  i think deep down they must be terribly insecure about the fact they 're a nation that did n't originate its own language and was founded by other nations .
