  as far as he was concerned despite the fact that britain was quite nordic / germanic in ethnicity they were n't culturally german and did n't have a place in a german reich . 
  america only got nukes after the war ( with germany ) * , and the manhattan project was brought about due to british research . 
  britain was the first country to actually take the prospect of a nuclear weapon seriously , and the tube alloys programme was well ahead of its time in seeing a way to use nuclear energy for war . 
  the british basically handed over all their research and best scientists to the us when they realise they did n't have the resources in wartime britain to properly develop it . 
  had the german 's won the war there 's a good chance that the americans would 've been much further behind on nuclear research and thus the bomb would 've come a lot later , and perhaps have been discovered by germany before the us . 
  it would depend on how the germans had won and whether the manhattan project had ever started . 
  red pill alert . 
  let me guess , you think all women are just biologically programmed to fuck if they think your genetic material is valuable enough without any accounting for agency . 
  that 's retarded mate , it 's no more true that women will fuck guys despite being in exclusive relationships just because they find someone hot than it 's true that men in relationships will fuck women simply because they 're hot . 
  yorkshire gets a huge about of publicity to be honest , to the point that it might as well be the whole ne . 
  i mean you have got with people talking in yorkshire accent in the biggest programme in the world . 
  definitely not short of exposure . 
  yes it is , the nazis surrendered in may , 1945 , the first bomb was n't even tested until the summer . 
  ultimately the dates do n't even matter , if britain had been conquered or not gone to war with germany then america would 've never started the research when it did . 
  all the impetus for the us to start the project came from the british research . 
  an early british defeat or britain not going to war would 've meant a much later start date for the manhattan project , which would 've meant no bomb in time or possibly germany getting the bomb first . 
  germany might have even picked up on the british research from a conquered/defeated britain before america even realised what was going on , leading to germany getting the bomb first . 
  anecdotally , when the german scientists heard about the bomb they were shocked , because they 'd never even taken the idea of a nuclear weapon seriously and could n't believe the allies had something so much more advanced than what the nazis had had . 
  let 's be glad so many of the best physicists are jewish ( it was british jewish scientists who first brought the possibility for a nuclear weapon to the attention of the british government ) . 
  in an ah with no britain america could 've found itself in a similar situation . 
  i 'm not american so i do n't see the japan theatre as `` the war '' given we were n't involved in it . 
  but yeh , i should have said that america did n't get the bomb until after the germans were already screwed . 
  bomb was n't functional until summer 1945 and the nazis surrendered in the spring . 
  it was a close thing , and it 's hard to say when the bomb would 've been ready if the european theatre was still going , but in reality the nazis had already lost by the start of 1945 so it was n't necessary . 
  the important point is that without the uk the americans would n't have started work on the bomb when they did . 
  if britain had never entered the war or been defeated early than the the us might 've stayed neutral and never even thought about a bomb until the nazi had conquered all of europe . 
  in this situation both the nazis and the americans might have not started research until around the same time , and nobody knows who would 've got it first . 
  in alternative history without britain or with britain 's defeat it 's easily feasible that either nobody made the bomb in that era and conventional warfare continued for much longer , or that america and nazi europe were in an arms race to get the bomb around the same time , or even that the nazis got the bomb first and used it to defeat the us after having conquered europe the conventional way . 
   enjoying him to become the emperor of mexico . 
  well they might enjoy his becoming emperor but i do n't think it got that far !, 
  starts slow but gets funnier . 
  pigglephile , lol . 
  so you 're saying all married men will cheat if they find someone hot enough ? 
  that they never turn down advances from people they attractive because they know they 've got kids and a wife at home and could n't bear to betray them ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure that both women and men cheat , but neither sex always cheats . 
  i can also assure you that lots of people lose their capacity to attracted to people sexually after knowing them for a while , regardless of how hot they are or get . 
  the idea that you can convince a girl who sees you as a friend to get romantic just by hitting the gym and getting better looking is just straight up stupid . 
  in germany it 's almost all freelance . 
  you wo n't get a full time contract sadly ... simple as that , especially as an american with no eu rights , and nobody will be willing to sponsor a visa for you as a mere sprachdozent . 
  the way you can do it is by going onto a freelance visa and being a freelance teacher . 
  what you can then do depends on your qualifications and experience . 
  finding work in the universities tends to be harder as they require experience , a decent educational background really only opens the door , it does n't get you through it . 
  far more likely to find work in business english and language schools who are more welcoming to new teachers . 
  [ here 's a guide on getting the visa ] ( https://www.sympat.me/steps-getting-freelance-visa-permit-germany/ ), 
  it 's bureaucratically a bit frustrating but not impossible . 
  it 's also worth noting that as a freelance you pay for everything and are entitled to virtually nothing . 
  you do n't get access to the welfare system or public health insurance companies ( although private insurance is often cheaper ) . 
  ideally you should have experience as a teacher , a teaching qualification of some kind ( celta will do but a teaching degree is obviously a stronger alternative ) , a masters degree ( lots of institutions wo n't let anyone teach anyone with a higher level of education than yourself , so having a masters is preferable otherwise you 're locked out of some institutions ) . 
  well if you get the visa you 're definitely employable . 
  but i 'll also add that getting into the universities can be tough as there simply are n't as many position . 
  you might have to start out taking any old teaching work and then work towards getting the better uni jobs . 
   testing it does n't mean it was n't ready . 
  nobody knows exactly when it was ready because it was all classified and we ca n't even be sure what we know now has n't been doctored or altered . 
  even if they had it 6 months before the test , it would n't have been used in the european theatre anyway , so we do n't know the earliest possible date it could 've happened . 
  as i said , the date does n't actually matter because :, 
   also , the brits were years behind the us in research , so they were never close because it took them 4 more years . 
  this is completely false . 
  you obviously do n't have a clue about the history here . 
  britain did n't have any research of her own after they fully got on board with the manhattan project because all the key scientists that had been working on the british nuclear programme went to the us to work on that . 
  i do n't think you understand that the manhattan project did n't really get going until an agreement was made between the uk , us , and canada to pool their military nuclear research projects and resources ( the us needed canadian uranium ) . 
  they was n't much of a parallel uk competing with the us once the quebec agreement was made , the uk were giving all their nuclear resources to the us at this stage as it had become pointless to try to compete given how much the us was spending . 
  britain was spending all its time and resources on fighting a conventional war and was ill positioned to develop such a hi-tech experimental weapon . 
  it took britain four more years after the war because america did n't share the spoils of the manhattan project with them as had been agreed by roosevelt . 
  britain had to recall her scientists and re-engineer the whole project from an imperfect knowledge of the product they 'd helped to build in the us . 
  what you do n't seem to understand is that it was britain that started the research first and it was britain that gave the americans the impetus to build the bomb in the first place , so while the research in the us in the manhattan project quickly outstripped what the british had achieved with far more limited resources during war time , prior to this point the british were well ahead of the us in terms of having more and better resources dedicated to actually creating a nuclear weapon . 
  their contribution both advanced the american project by years and made people realise that a bomb was more than just a pipe dream and that there was a danger that other countries might feasibly build one before the allies . 
   america would have still had the bomb if britain fell , because we already had all the scientists in america . 
  no you did n't . 
  you did n't get the scientists until the manhattan project started . 
  if britain had fallen before this point then it 's possible germany would 've got the scientists . 
  you also would 've been vastly more behind as the pressure to build a bomb fast would n't have existed . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   in july 1940 , britain had offered to give the united states access to its scientific research , [ 11 ] and the tizard mission 's john cockcroft briefed american scientists on british developments . 
  he discovered that the american project was smaller than the british , and not as far advanced . 
  had the british not entered the war , or been swiftly defeated , there would 've been no impetus for the project to become as powerful and well funded as it did . 
  it was the realisation that britain had been ahead on a bomb that made the americans wake up to the need develop one and justified spending over a billion dollars on development . 
  the bomb would 've come much later , and given that without britain america would 've probably stayed out of the war as it originally hoped to there would n't be the existential threat driving the project . 
  a war winning , european mainland controlling germany would 've been better placed to build a bomb given how it had already militarised and was hell bent on conquer while in this timeline the us would 've probably have had a policy of neutrality and hoped to avoid the war completely . 
  i know it might hurt your fragile american patriot ego to hear that if britain had n't had stood up against hitler and allied with the us then america could 've been conquered by a nuclear third reich , but it 's certainly a possibly in such an alternative timeline if clearly not a guaranteed outcome . 
  nobody can know for certain who would 've got the bomb first if britain had stayed out of the war or surrendered early on , and nobody can say when the bomb would 've been developed , but there 's definitely a chance it would 've been germany . 
   the economy was growing faster than it is now and incomes were rising much faster . 
  you 're dreaming to be honest . 
  let 's go back to mining strikes and fuel shortages . 
  globalism is expected to have growing pains . 
  would you rather we left the `` noble savages '' alone and did n't give other countries the opportunity to partake in our economy , not to mention gimp ourselves by not making use resources anywhere but the west . 
  be a two tier world with the third world excluded from the party due to protectionism . 
  globalisation is going to happen anyway . 
  fighting it is dumb . 
  trying to get it to occur in a way that benefits the most and harms the fewest people is the only goal that matters . 
  how is it any less ethical than regional or domestic capitalism ? 
  we can either allow the third world to sell us shit or we can quarantine ourselves off and leave them poor but with no motivation for change . 
  unless of course you 're suggesting a glorious revolution and the end of capitalism , i do n't see how we can avoid dealing with the problems globalism brings . 
  the agenda should be how can we make globalism work in the favour of more people , not isolationism . 
  all the german style sweets e.g nougat with dried fruit . 
  white spargel ( we do n't eat it in the uk really ) . 
  curry ketchup . 
  powder for making the currywurst style curry sauce . 
  the more obscure biscuits ( we have stuff like leibniz in the uk so think more obscure ) . 
  studentenfutter . 
  kinder stuff that is n't kinder surprise or bueno e.g milch schnitte .
