  i merely used it as an example of why breaking bad does not pack in a great deal of plot progression , it does n't . 
  the bad episodes come later in the later series where they were just going round in circles until the brought the programme to a close . 
  fact is you did exactly what you accused me of , you presented your opinion as fact , when it 's simply not . 
  i 've watched a lot of films and television in my life and imo breaking bad had plenty of flaws in its narrative and character arcs . 
  i 'm entitled to my opinion , as you are to yours , so why do n't you stop this pointless debate . 
   the fly as a metaphor etc. 
  i can recognize these things because i too was a little more perceptive than your average viewer . 
   we 're tired of you having it easy while we work . 
  god how smug is this . 
  it 's not like the eu has a collective economy larger than the us 's . 
  no we 're all sitting at home collecting thousands in benefits because our governments are paid for by the us , military spending being such a great cost we avoid . 
  these fuckwits needs their freedom of speech removed !, 
  that would really set them off . 
  i mean seriously the us chooses to spend on its military entirely for its own benefit . 
  the us government is not in the business of doing favours , it it lends it 's with the expectation of repayment and if it places military resources around the globe it 's because it sees some fiscal / political gain in doing so . 
  what world are these people living in where the us government is some type benevolent fairy doling out free security to foreign states out of the goodness of its heart . 
  ironic how they can believe this and yet hate their the notion of big government on the assumption that all governing powers must be tyrannical and corrupt . 
  the butthurt is palpable in this one . 
  this is like asking `` people who have lived in the alps but now live in america , which part of america is most geographically similar to the alps '' and then someone weighing with `` i 've lived in the colorado mountains my whole life and i think i 'm equally qualified to determine which part of the us is most like the alps '' . 
  no it 's not the same . 
  this guy has spent his whole life eating americanised vietnamese cuisine and things that he must now know exactly how the cuisine tastes in vietnam , to suggest otherwise is racist , he is after all a vietnamese person . 
  seems to work when scientists move to the us and people want to claim their accomplishments . 
  i 'm not saying there is no gain to having us military agreements in case of an aggression towards europe , but as far as i 'm concerned it 's this way because it 's sufficiently win-win on both sides . 
  europe saves money on military expenditure , whilst the us get 's a monopoly on hard power in political situations giving it special clout around the world , especially the 3rd world . 
  europe could afford to front a military maybe not equal to the us but perhaps half the size far outmatching china or russia in resources and technology . 
  this however complicate matters for the americans when it came to global politics since although they 'd most likely be aligned on most issues , in some cases they would n't , and although they 'd never realistically go to war with each other , they may well cause situations where no definitive action could be taken but the eu or us blocking each other 's military action . 
  the us no more wants a militarised europe than europe wants to remilitarise . 
  furthermore the threat of russia you seem to be exaggerating . 
  even without the us a european entente could easily defend the eu from putin and his retro army , however this is further complicated by both the eu and russia being nuclear powers . 
  furthermore europe could have easily dealt with the kosovo situation , and i do n't know why you have any idea why it could n't . 
  do you realise that france and uk 's military spending alone far exceeds russia 's ? 
  it would however been a burden on those countries far more than it was on the us who is constantly funded to deploy around the world . 
  so even as it stands with the eu 's reduced spending there is no real threat , and certainly any issues within europe could be handled . 
  however when it comes to states outside the eu such as ukraine and the middle east it would n't be likely to act . 
  strange indeed , i though krispy kreme had the market in the uk, 
  i think this can work though , it 's mostly misinterpreted . 
  it means something like `` do n't let them get a rise out of you '' or `` do n't let them affect you '' . 
  obviously you ca n't ignore bullies completely or they 'll just find it humorous that you 're acting like they do n't exist . 
  however kids often pick on kids because they 're the ones that are easy to set off , they derive pleasure from trolling people until they rage which gives them a sense of power . 
  this piece of advice is meant along the same lines as `` do n't feed the trolls '' . 
  if someone is throwing balls of paper your back throughout a lesson ignore and then after the lesson explain to the teacher that they were disrupting your learning . 
  what you must n't do is show outward signs of being angry and aggravated , certainly not retaliate because it will just give them what they want . 
  however there are other kinds of bullying where it be better to punch someone to show you 're not just going to take it . 
  really depends on the kind of bully you 're dealing with . 
  but i think the kind that will lose interest if they ca n't make you annoyed make up a large number of bullies . 
  you get it if you do n't want to wait for operations and because you 're rich and want a fancy private ward with sky television and an xbox, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1xprhbe5qo ), 
  that 's a shitty attitude to have . 
  it 's like saying ayrton cenna did it to himself because he put himself in a high risk situation . 
  neither chose to kill themselves , they were just engaging in high risk activities . 
  if you drive your f1 car perfectly all the time then it wo n't kill you , and if you took heroin perfectly all the time it would n't kill you ( except maybe in a very long term way ) . 
  if someone who loves base jumping dies in an accident falling off a building we may know that this was a factor in their death , that had they not engaged in base jumping they would probably still be alive , but it 's wrong to say they killed themselves or were entirely responsible for their own death . 
  that 's simply untrue , there are old base jumpers just as there are old heroin users ( especially those who have access to medical grade quality ) . 
  consequently in all these cases we must say misfortune was a contributing factor to their deaths . 
  to suggest that he essentially killed himself , be it through negligence or deliberate action , in saying he did it to himself , is kind of insensitive because a ) it neglects the fact that misfortune played a factor in the death and b ) it ignores the insidious and pervasive hold drugs like heroin can have on peoples ' lives and suggests that any drug addict chose that lifestyle . 
  in reality nobody chooses to be a heroin addict , what draws people to heavy drug use is very complex , maybe they 've had a major loss in their life and turns to heroin as a means of escapism , maybe they became addicted to medical opiates after a serious accident and turned to smack as a cheaper alternative , maybe they were young and na\u00efve and got pressured into it by an older exploitative group of friends or lover . 
  it 's really not as simple as people electing to do heroin then paying the price for the reckless irresponsible decisions . 
  as the english [ speaker ] ( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/02075/the-speaker_2075673b.jpg ), 
  i feel this . 
  germans are terrified of expediency and only just starting to accept how the modern capitalist world works . 
  there are so many stupid things like maklers , gema , the finanzamt . 
  they take notions like contract law so fucking seriously and do n't see it as merely a last resort to fall back on , apparently everyone should be an expert on legal matters and if you 're not it 's your fault . 
  installation of stuff like phone and internet is a such joke , some kafka-esque nightmare . 
  i too have waited weeks for anything to get done about internet problems and so forth . 
  they really do n't have any notion of there being an onus looking after the customers , their business style is more like `` fuck you we 've got something you want so you should do the legwork '' . 
  germans act like renting a flat is as serious as buying one , it 's quite maddening , and then you have to fit your own damn kitchen or buy it from the last resident even if you 're only going to stay for 6 months . 
  they 're funny about having the best of everything not cutting corners even when it does n't matter , and things like insulation and water pressure are serious business to them . 
  generally the good outweighs the bad though . 
  i do n't see why it 's laughable . 
  i 'm not saying germany does n't understand capitalism i 'm saying they do n't understand the * modern * capitalist ethos . 
  many things in germany are not structured around the customer even compared to places like the uk and france which are nowhere near as extreme as somewhere like the us . 
  caveat emptor is still a very strong mentality in germany , many industries are embedded in regulation that negates competition , i mean it 's only in 2015 that they 've started to update the system of rentals to allow more flexibility and reduce the hold maklers have on the market . 
  it 's demonstrablely true that the german service economies are well behind many european nations , and this is accommodated for by the gigantic manufacturing and export economies . 
  likewise german banks are tiny and do very little international business with maybe deutsche bank and a couple of others being the exception . 
  credit cards are rare due to some abstract simplistic notion of `` debt is bad '' even if it 's completely affordable and responsible debt . 
  hell visa and mastercard have been shunted out of the market as much as possible due to cartels of german businesses wanting to keep finance at home , ec cards only all regulated by the german banking industry committee . 
  fiscal conservatism here is somewhat out of control , and whilst i can see germany not wanting to be like its many indebted neighbours , this fear can be quite irrational at times . 
  just because a country is in an economically strong position does not mean that it 's at the cutting edge of capitalist society . 
  meh it 's not as bad as you 'd think . 
  like i said the good outweighs the bad , but it can be maddening at times . 
  this is only true in north america . 
  i think it 's because of apple 's marketing success as an elite home grown brand and the propagation that androids are 2nd rate knock offs . 
  in europe although iphones are around there is n't this brand value connotation for most people . 
  in fact apple users are seen as a bit culty , and apple products restrictive and overpriced . 
  yeah , germany does n't contribute anything . 
  these countries have high apple users for two reasons . 
  english speaking ( apart from japan ) and societies where brand is very important . 
  the average german does n't believe so strongly in brand loyalty or image and just buys the product that will do what they want at the lowest price . 
  i ca n't take you seriously if you are using an apple device . 
  you are basically saying `` i 'm a moron who cares more about branding than having an open platform that does n't require being beholden to a company that overcharges for every kind of accessory going . '', 
  i mean with android you can put your music , e-books , documents , videos on your phone with a wire that costs about the same as a beer in a bar without downloading a single programme . 
  i have a high end android that costs the same as an iphone but this is so much better . 
  the only thing iphone has is being a status symbol to idiots . 
  being able to use my phone as a personal hard drive has far more business applications than an iphone . 
  it 's just self-evident if you live in germany and compare it to places like the us . 
  you 're missing the difference between sustaining cause and a first cause . 
  a three are solutions to a first cause in 1 ) and 3 ) we eliminate the need for a first cause but saying time is circle or simply goes backwards and forwards endlessly . 
  you 're asking why does that exist , but that 's not a first cause question . 
  you have to say well what if it 's a mistake to ask that question , essentially , the answer to the question `` why does the time drunk or looping universe exists instead of nothing ? '', 
  is to say because it always have , in fact our very concept of nothing is mistaken .
