  highland scots for example is much further away than london english than london english is to either genam or australian standard . 
  please point to one common binding feature of british accents and i 'll eat my hat . 
  a lot of what is considered low class or old fashioned or hillybilly in america is actually considered aristocratic in the uk , because it preserves older forms which only the hicks in the us retained , while society americans developed their own modern styles . 
  also the british wealthy elite strived to retain purity in the language , and to keep things british , the despised parvenus , typically grasping middle class folk with ideas above their station who believed that frenchifying things was aristocratic . 
  consequently it 's scent not perfume , napkin not serviette , false teeth not dentures , jam not preserve , sofa not settee , sitting or drawing room not lounge , what not pardon , pudding not dessert or sweet . 
  further more `` ate '' rhymes with `` bet '' not `` eight '' , the - t should be pronounced in certain words like fillet and valet , words ending in ry would should drop the vowel before , it 's bat-tree , not battery , mandatree , not mandatory , libree not li-bru-ary . 
  many of these things would be considered uneducated or quaint in the us , yet all are used by the royal family and other british aristos . 
  that was the reason given i believe yes . 
  i really need to memorise this . 
  it was part of old anglo-french aloper, 
  i think it 's you that has it backwards . 
  say we are looking at a board covered in shapes of differences sizes and colours . 
  i say to you `` which shape to do you like the best ? '', 
  then you say `` i like the big ( i eliminate all the small ones ) , blue ( i eliminate everything that is n't blue ) , circular ( i eliminate all the ones that are n't circular ) shape '' . 
  therefore i arrive that the right place around the time you get to the noun . 
  if however you said `` i like the shape big blue circular '' i know nothing until you 've finished your adjectives . 
  with adjectives before you ca n't second guess someone , because you might think they 're going to say `` the big blue circular shape '' , but they could slip you up and say `` the big blue circular table '' instead . 
  if however i say `` i like the shape big blue ... '' someone might cut me off and think , i already know which one he means , now his further adjectives are just a waste of time . 
  also `` the price appreciated '' completely different meaning . 
  i 'm just laughing because it 's suddenly dawned on you that saying a word in a way so it 's intelligible when played backwards merely requires you to say all the component sounds backwards , and does n't require you to literally flip to sound around in your head . 
  you must feel like a right tit . 
  i do n't think the bavarians would be too pleased with your calling their words `` slang '' xd, 
  yeah but then i 'd be messing up genders only when it came to exceptions rather than all the bleeding time . 
  well german has something it calls the perfect of course . 
  i believe that in the olden days german used to distinguish between the perfect and the imperfect ( praeteritum ) in a similar way to english . 
  the present perfect was used to signify some connection between the present and the past , however it just fell out of favour . 
  i believe this is why books are still written principally in the imperfect , despite its rarely being used in spoken language . 
  you 're obviously not one of those that wants to secede from germany though xd, 
  i love how you ca n't fathom the difference between saying a sequence of sounds forwards in a backwards order , and actually producing a sound backwards like a computer would . 
  when i say the vowel sounds a e i o u , you literally could n't saying u o i e a back to me because that would require a special ability to reverse wave forms . 
  likewise when i say dog you literally could not say god , when i say happy you literally could n't say eepah and so on . 
  you must be terrible musician if you ca n't hear a sequence of notes and then play that sequence backwards . 
  the again why would you be able to do that , hearing c c d f f and then playing back f f d c c is literally impossible as it requires wave form reversal , at least in your universe anyway . 
  maybe this is what it all comes down to , your terrible incompetence with music and sound generally . 
  just because you 've had to learn every song you can play by rote , therefore doing anything other than that must be impossible right ? 
  i love how you think it would be necessary to `` reverse wave forms '' , or at least mimic their reversed form by copying a computer , in order to achieve what this kid has . 
  i 've already shown you how to do it , you 're just so pig ignorant that you ca n't accept when you 're wrong . 
  i also love how you think kids just pick up languages like learning the alphabet and think 10 years old just go learn hundreds ( if not thousands ) of words , for shits and giggles . 
  you are the definition of a stupid neckbeard trying to appear intelligent . 
  i 've also studied linguistics and i teach languages professionally . 
  honestly i just think it 's a matter of what you the term tense to refer to . 
  you can consider `` will '' to be a modality or you can class it as a tense . 
  when i teach my students i tell them that everything is a `` tense '' , there 's not point going into mood , aspect , voice , tense , they will pick up how these elements work from examples , they do n't need to know the theory . 
  teaching the english present perfect in countries where nothing like this exists is a challenge i enjoy . 
  in linguistics classes we said that english only has past and non-past , but this was really only for the purpose of analysis . 
  he said , speaking english ... 
  fine , but aged 12 , that 's just retarded . 
  to be honest the system sounds the same or similar to the german system . 
  i 've got to say it 's something that i disagree with from an ethical standpoint , 12 is too young to be deciding what smart someone is and therefore which educational path someone should take . 
  in the uk everything is the same until you 're 16 , the only differences at this stage is how many subjects you take ( kids who are struggling take fewer subjects ) and whether you take the higher or lower paper when you 're 16 . 
  on the lower paper the highest mark you can get is just a pass ( grade c ) and it 's easier , the higher paper means you can get any grade . 
  some schools introduce streamed classes depending on which paper they think you should sit , this usually starts when you 're 14 , but it 's not set in stone . 
  once you take you exams when you 're 16 is when people are actually judged according to intelligence , because if you get good grades you can go to a good academically focussed sixth-form college ( aged 16-18 , not the same as us college ) , and study subjects related to the degree you 're thinking of sitting , the exams for this are a-levels . 
  otherwise , if your grades are worse or do n't want to take an academic route , you can go to technical college and study a different , usually more practical subject . 
  for example you can go and do a btec in tourism if you want to work in the tourist industry , if you want you can do hair and beauty , become an electrician and so on . 
  finally the other option is an apprenticeship for a subject that is taught entirely practically like auto-repair , brick laying and so on and this involves getting paid while you study which is the best option for some kids . 
  the thing is even going to a technical college does n't stop you from going to university in many cases , if you get a btec in tourism you can go to study tourism as a university level if you want to . 
  all it does is restrict your options a bit , you ca n't become a doctor or study physics with a btec . 
  overall it 's a good system because it allows freedom , you can completely slack off until you 're 14 and then ace everything , nobody is telling you what you can and ca n't be at an early age . 
  i see how kids stress over the exams at a young age here in germany and i think it 's wrong . 
  i 've had numerous offers to tutor young kids whose parents desperately want them to go to the gymnasium and it 's sad to see them having to deal with such things at that age . 
  something rather freudian about these , like they were just seeping adolescent concealed sexual urges . 
  a race they might have won if britain had n't prodded the us into getting off its arse and doing something , sharing nuclear research on the condition that the results of the project be shared between the us , uk and canada , an agreement that the americans conveniently `` lost '' and only discovered years later by which point the uk already has its own nuclear weapons ( see hyde park agreement ) ... 
  well i do n't know about the dutch system , but the parents in germany seem quite anxious to get little wolfgang into the gymnasium , the kids feel the pressure . 
  i have no problem with an element of segregation , but i feel that 12 is too young to be sitting any kind of formal examination . 
  consequently i think it 's immoral to put pressure on kids at that age through an examination , which it undoubtedly does . 
  you can still segregate stronger students within a single school , and however easy you think it is to move around the system , it will be undeniably easier if it were within the same school , compared to moving from realschule to gymnasium which involves a whole new building , set of teachers , and a whole new set of peers . 
  of course the british system is n't free of parental pressure , but for the most that pressure does n't begin until you 're at least 14/15 years old . 
  sure there will always be a few parents who push their children very hard virtually from birth , but they 're just the crazies who 'd do it regardless of the system . 
  all i can say is that had i had to take an examination aged 12 it would 've been an additional concern during an already difficult stage of life , i personally would n't endorse such a system . 
  does manchester ever tire of copying london . 
  you were being educated and you did n't even know it . 
  you 've never met anyone who 's heard of byker grove ? 
  what universe are you living in ? 
  it was a massive success that sparked ant and dec 's careers . 
  i was aware of dick and dom but frankly i always thought they were dicks . 
  that 's pure bullshit . 
  as someone who 's never bought a tv licence i can confirm this , unless this happened over 10 or more years ago which is impossible due to him having a ps4 . 
  either your friend is lying , mistaken or you 're talking shit . 
  first and foremost you have to know that it is literally impossible to tell if a device is receiving a television broadcast , there is no magic radar that can detect it . 
  the way they used to do it years and years ago was to use a focussed listening device to essentially listen through your walls . 
  they would have a television in the van and know what was being broadcast , if they heard the audio from your television in sync with a live broadcast then they would know that you had a television and were watching a live broadcast , therefore they would fine you these grounds . 
  however this was deemed illegal by the courts years and years ago after someone took it seriously and actually challenged them on it . 
  it 's an invasion of privacy . 
  the only way they can tell if you 're watching tv is if you let them into your house , show them the tv and acknowledge that you watch live television on it . 
  fyi the requirement for having to pay the licence is that you watch live television in the uk , it 's not just the bbc because the commercial channels still make broadcasts that were funded through government money . 
  your friend is either lying , you made this story up , or he received a threatening letter ( the tv licensing people like to send these letters that are deliberately formatted and worded to seem as if they are official fines ) and mistook it for a `` ticket '' . 
  if the latter was the case exactly nothing would have happened if he had n't paid it . 
  the tv licence in the uk exists in a strange legal situation , it has legal backing but they have to show that you own a tv that you watch live tv on , they can not enter your house unless you let them in and they can not invade your privacy on the grounds that you have n't paid it . 
  these are the facts of the law . 
  now compare it to germany where everyone has to pay the tv licence regardless of whether they even own a tv or even a radio . 
  here they will actually go as far as ceasing your bank account until you pay since just existing is sufficient to oblige your payment . 
  it 's also false . 
  no there is n't , there was years ago but it was found to be illegal . 
  it 's not true . 
  and you 're not for typing in all caps . 
  lol saying whoosh when they 've failed to grasp something , also misspelling whoosh . 
  who are n't geordies ... 
  ** aussie : ** the other day right me and stevo catching some waves down at bonzai beach , the fucking lifeguard 's going bonkers , `` shark in the water , get out ! '', 
  i fucking swam back to shore like a fucking nutter , but fucking keith 's still out there .
