  the question of determinism has always been question about freedom and whether things are set . 
  all we find with qm is that rather than a single outcome being set a multiplicity of them are and we still do n't have some notion of freedom . 
  the question is hardly an anachronism and is really nothing to do whether humans are mechanical ( whatever that means ?? 
  ) , see compatibilism and also stuff like supervenience . 
  what you 've said there seems slightly arrogant and foolish , the consequence of populist scientism . 
  it 's common for people who 've only look at science but never the philosophy of it to make all kind of silly assumptions about ontology and metaphysics , for example saying stuff like `` well materialism a fact , that 's why i like science '' , as if the only alternative were some kind of cartesian dualism , when in fact there are about a thousand different conceptions materialism that are perfectly tenable , as well as some good dualistic theories . 
  all people really mean when they say stuff like `` humans are mechanical '' or `` i like materialism '' , is `` i do n't believe in religion , souls or ghosts and stuff '' , which is n't very helpful since we pretty much take that for granted . 
  getting back on topic . 
  firstly it 's unlikely that there is something deterministic underneath behaviour at the quantum level , see the work of bell and what followed for that . 
  at least we can not assume there is anything given our current knowledge , although it might change of course as with everything . 
  secondly , to put it clearly the point i 'm trying to make is that even if we embrace a multiverse theory , all it does is set us back at square one making the problem epistemological . 
  we always know all possible event will occur splitting into new universes and thus the whole thing is entirely predictable , we just need stand outside of our universe to see it . 
  if we do n't embrace multiverse theory as is the more popular view , due to decoherence we still end up with something like `` adequate determinism '' , with determined probability , which has little or no impact for how we conceive of the universe as human beings , it 's only interesting to physicists and people trying to study the philosophy of science and come up with new conceptions of science , but that 's about it . 
  the point i started with is simple enough , that the public imagination has latched on to qm as some amazing thing that 's changed everything , when really it 's not as interesting as we believe it to be . 
  as anything that has an air of being unintuitive people like to seem smart by `` blowing people 's minds '' with these factoids , but usually at leads to their abuse . 
  us office *, 
  [ i prefer the original ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rkw1icrga0o ) , the sound track to my 18th summer . 
  they 're called imperial units for a reason ... 
  ah yes , because a window is totally worth that vehicular assault charge . 
  and forgot how to use stone apparently : / i mean seriously , you would n't say you were 70 inches tall , so why say you weigh 200 pounds . 
  but they are made of feet, 
  as much as it pains me to defend the admins , i was once shadowbanned on this account because i posted in a thread i was linked to by another subreddit , i messaged the admins apologising and they unshadowbanned me . 
  be careful with the brigading rules , i was n't even saying anything bad . 
  offence *, 
   were smack dab in the middle of global warming, 
  lol , i do n't think that 's how global warming works . 
  i would not go for a frontside grind for your first grind , i 've hurt myself enough times trying to frontside and royale . 
  well everyone is different , i just started skating again and so far i 've managed , makio , soul , mizu and alley oop soul grinds . 
  personally i 'd start with makios and then putting your other foot on is a natural progression . 
  nope haha , i mean if you can stand on one foot it 's fine . 
  makio is easier imo, 
  i hit a new skatepark today , there was one skater other than me , like 7-8 skateboarders and 3 bmxers ( and like 3 tiny kids on scooters with their mum , one of whom burst out crying when he fell over ) . 
  i reckon around the millennium there would have been probably 5 - 6 skaters , 12 + skateboarders and 5 - 6 bmxers . 
  there 's definitely been an overall decline in `` extreme sports '' since the time when i first started blading in like 2000 . 
  i think the tony hawk games pulled in a lot of people around that era and action sports hit mainstream saturation , there were a tonne of extreme sports games , including the rollerblading classic aggressive inline , and extreme sports ( albeit mostly skateboarding ) were in popular culture everywhere whether that be films or music videos ( even crap like avril lavigne ) . 
  since then it 's declined . 
  that said rollerblading really took the worst of this decline , starting earlier around the mid 2000s and continuing from there . 
  perhaps because rollerblading generally had a peak in public exposure in the 90s while skateboarding had a resurgence in the 2000s after a decade or so of being in the background meant that by the mid 2000s rollerblading was seen as more pass\u00e9 than skateboarding was . 
  rollerblading just got to ride the millennial action sports popularity period and then dropped off the radar a bit , as evidenced by being dropped from the x-games in 2005 . 
  some people blame skateboarding for this , although i think that 's unfair really , i do n't think the skateboarding industry lamented rollerblading 's decline and sure it served there interest to not have to share the limelight with another small wheeled sport , i 'm sure some cheered when the x-games dropped us as if this were going to equate to more growth in the skateboarding industry . 
  however , realistically you can hardly accredit a few jokes and ill will to a sports decline in popularity . 
  without the exposure the sport is n't sold to new participants enough and the money stops coming in , with no money there 's no sponsorships to keep people in the sport longer . 
  there are probably tonnes of potential pros who had to give up or start skating infrequently because they had to start supporting themselves and become career minded . 
  that 's the thing about sponsorship , it lets talented people who are skilled at a hobby turn that hobby into a job , or at very least get by doing what they love . 
  i mean the thing about the early 2000s in skateboarding and why it was so crazy is that you actually had pros getting rich off the sport , not just making a living , although realistically not that many did , you ca n't deny the kind of motivation that inspires in people and the degree to which it helps them justify what they do . 
  thing about actions sports , like any sports is that there 's a limit on when you can be at your peak , respect to those middle aged skaters that are still tearing shit up but not everyone can handle that . 
  there 's got to be decent money up for grabs or else everyone else is going to be forging ahead with careers and you 'll be middle aged without something to fall back on . 
  i mean i feel sorry for the big name pros who were once hoping to make serious cash and are not approaching middle age still having to do demos every day to cut a living when they were promised so much more . 
  anyway that 's probably why you do n't see so many young pros up and coming these days , because there simply is n't the funding to keep people in the sport , at least not at the serious level needed reach the levels of older generation of world star skaters . 
  back in the day people thought the potential of extreme sports was limitless as is always the case when things start breaking mainstream , many assumed that the only way was up and that soon we 'd be seeing extreme sports up there with regular sports , of course this was just a dream , people are definitely more sceptical now . 
  i like ya , and i want ya , now we can do this the easy way or the hard way , the choice is yours ... 
  wow , go to the doctor . 
  i do n't understand how anyone could allow that to go on for seven years and not do anything , sure moving to a new country with a change of diet might lead to a slight change in regularity but constant diarrhoea ? 
  are you insane ? 
  damn those small fats , society only cares about small fat rights , saying how good it is that now regular clothing outlets carry triple xl , it only makes large fats more oppressed !, 
  what if i want to be a 400 lb pixie ? 
  weed has made me feel a bit groggy in the morning and feel a bit more like lying in but nothing compared to a stinking hangover . 
  bit of food , coffee and a shower and i 'm right as rain but with a hangover i wo n't be getting out the house until 2pm . 
  tinkerbell is just another example of how society oppresses heavier women with unrealistic body standards !, 
  how am i meant to aspire to being 6 inches tall and weighing a couple of pounds !, 
  this is why so many teenage women have body issues and anorexia !, 
  [ i 'll just grab this and we 're set ] ( http://www.mining-technology.com/uploads/newsarticle/4153289/images/447840/large/1-image-hitachi-ex8000-6.jpg ), 
  ( subject ) ( verb ) ( verb ) ( verb ) ( preposition ) ( object ) ( subject ) ( interjection ) ( interjection ) ( verb ) . 
  who will be attracted to whom ? 
  it 's whomever . 
  the only exception is when the object of one clause is the subject of next e.g i 'll be attracted to whoever wins the race ... 
  taxing gambling wins is just stupid i 'm afraid . 
  the bookies are already being taxed on their intake , taxing the win is just double helpings . 
  gambling losses do not count as tax deductible or people would be encouraged to gamble . 
  actually no , most countries do not tax gambling winnings . 
  gambling is no more susceptible to tax evasion than a regular business , and is susceptible to similar scrutiny . 
  great now i have beer up my nose . 
  all aboard the gold train !, 
  that 's roaming costs , when i lived in the uk i had an unlimited data plan . 
  also in most countries when your roaming plan exceeds its limit you do n't get charged , you internet merely starts to go at 3 % speed . 
  or if you [ trust google ] ( http://i.imgur.com/ssh7lo4.png ), 
  why unfriend op ? 
  think of all the gold that is missed because people unfriended the biggest wankers on their friends lists . 
  no the usa killed 125 people for everyone 1 in the uk . 
  no it does n't . 
  i read some in detail a study that did its best to compare the crime in each country ( a suprisingly hard task given how crime is defined differently everywhere ) and it came to conclusion that only crimes that are actually more prevalent in the uk than the us are household burglaries and stabbings . 
  both can be put down to the availability of guns in the us as when guns are available people wo n't resort to stabbing people and when homeowners can own guns and there are laws the enshrine the right to physically harm intruders then house breaking is a much more dangerous crime . 
  that said the guy is wrong to say the two are not comparable , with many crimes like common assaults and rape and so forth there is not a massive difference . 
  the idea that it 's impossible to shoot other than to kill is propaganda so cops can sleep at night with the blood on their hands . 
  there are times when shoot to kill is appropriate and there are times when shoot to subdue is possible , however most cops in the us will empty the clip regardless . 
  in fact i 've heard that injured suspects cause more trouble for the police than dead ones . 
  annoyed me too , looked like she pussied out badly . 
  yes , we should imitate america and kill hundreds a year just in case that one police officer gets stabbed . 
  british police are n't cowards like the fat donut dunking amateurs in the states . 
  if everyone has a nuke we 'll be safe . 
  these police are adequately prepared . 
  american police are literally bringing guns to a knife fight . 
  the fact that 125 people are killed by police for every 1 in the uk ( after accounting for population ) is evidence that police brutality is 125 times worse in the us . 
  fact is that the attitude in the us is that police should n't have to take on risk to their person , see a guy reaching for something in glove box or someone does n't comply with an order to take their hand from their pocket ? 
  shoot just to be safe . 
  this is mentality is nothing but cowardice . 
  taking that risk should be part of the job , that why they 're police , if they do n't like it they should have done something else . 
  if an officer shoots to subdue and that kills someone then fine , that 's just unfortunate . 
  if the situation is extreme dangerous and the police shoot to kill that 's fine too . 
  the problem is that the shoot to kill mantra is so prevalent that nowadays police will only pull the trigger to empty the clip centre mass , even when the guy is 20 metres away waving a knife in the air with nobody nearby , or someone merely did n't comply with an order to take their hands out their pockets .
