  lots of people think crime rates have declined a lot in the last 30 years because of more effective police , or because of birth control , or because of the removal of lead pipes . 
  i think these explanations are fanciful , maybe they were factors at best but the more obvious explanation is that drugs were the reason . 
  why go out committing violent crime when you can steadily grow rich from drugs . 
  it 's changed the face of criminality . 
  these days only the very stupid criminals choose to rob post offices rather than sell drugs . 
  you do of course have the heroin and crack dealers that need to project violence to protect their income , but even that is less full on than armed robbery . 
  the germans have made an art of non-alcoholic beer . 
  it does convincingly taste like beer . 
  i 've only tried it a couple of times but when i have it 's been almost indistinguishable from the real thing . 
  it 's really just a small rural part that speaks it more than they speak english , as you get further away from the area the less common frequent welsh usage becomes . 
  you 'd be incredibly hard pushed to find a welshman who spoke fluent welsh who was n't also fluent in english , maybe some older folk in rural communities but that 's about it . 
  you 've really only got a small area where welsh is the `` first language '' , we 're talking tens of thousands of people at best . 
  then you 've got areas in the north where welsh is a common second language , where a large number of the people have grown up with enough welsh being spoken around them for welsh conversations to not be that unusual , despite the fact they probably need and use english far more . 
  the majority of people here seem to have some knowledge of welsh , but even that varies from anything from fluent to school level , with a lot of people speaking enough to get by and have a chat with their mates but hardly enough to write a book . 
  then you 've got areas where the only welsh people tend to have is from school , because from a historical perspective english has been spoken there much longer , and fluent welsh speakers are few and far between . 
  england , scotland , wales , n.ireland are constitutional countries , which means constitutionally they are considered separate nations . 
  in fundamental terms of realpolitik however they are one nation under a single authority , the british parliament . 
  all these nations share a head of state , the queen , but in a sense they do so separately as nation . 
  remember that the queen is also head of state of canada , australia , and new zealand . 
  so sharing a head of state is not an indication that it 's one country . 
  the difference is that countries within the uk are bound by parliamentary sovereignty , which basically means the government has the final say on everything . 
  that said , n. ireland , scotland , and wales all have devolved parliaments capable of making their own laws on domestic matters , and the government rarely overrules unless they feel it 's absolutely necessary . 
  scotland has it 's own legal system in fact , inherited from before unification , and it works differently in many ways , with far more influence from french civil law , in a similar way to louisiana and quebec . 
  sadly anti-intellectualism is rife in british culture these days . 
  this is a big reason why i left . 
  i think this has always been the case , in the sense we 've always had a fair few stupid people in society , however in the past society was stacked against these people and nobody listened to them . 
  this obviously was n't right , british culture exploited the working classes and allowed things like xenophobia and political apathy to run wild because it benefited the rich . 
  modern society means that the anti-intellectual segment of our population holds more and more influence on how our culture is shaped . 
  garish commercialism is everywhere . 
  if i can compare the high streets around where i grew up to how grew up it 's just sad . 
  gone are the modest caf\u00e9s where the old people would while away their afternoon , now it 's just brand name store after another , flashy hairdressers , even local shops have been replaced with poundlands . 
  i grew up in a very white traditionally working class area outside a large provincial city and i got to say that deep down i feel there is something very wrong with the culture there . 
  so much entitlement , so much self-interest , always looking to the past rather than the future , a always looking inwards rather than outwards . 
  just the sheer lack of curiosity , and the rampant materialistic mentality . 
  i find brits to be strangely fake as well , we 're the only nation i know where it 's normal to start bitching about someone the moment they leave the room , or where accepting and invitation despite no intention of going to it is so normal . 
  hate to say it but i find much of the uk to be an ugly place both physically for the most ( sure we have some nice villages , market towns , and impressive bits of cities , but most of the uk does n't look this way ) , but also in the hearts and minds of the people who live there , which seem so often harsh , cynical , sarcastic , and pessimistic . 
  living standards are n't just defined by wealth . 
  living standards are definitely surprisingly low in the uk . 
  there are plenty of parts of europe where even on a modest salary you 'll be able to afford a decent flat , and if poland is anything like germany you 'll find that the expectations for flats is higher . 
  things like modern plumbing , high build quality , proper insulation , good doors and windows , are all taken for granted, 
  you 've also got the work culture , britain 's is n't very pleasant compared to much of europe , employers are n't willing to fit themselves around their workforce 's needs to the same degree . 
  the price of childcare is really high too . 
  meaning raising a child while working is tough . 
  i think many europeans are shocked when they come to britain and see how we live . 
  the drafts we put in what are often creeky old homes converted into flats , the restrictive insecure rental agreements , the cost of essentials such as food , how a working lunch of often just a cholesterol stuffed mayo laden sandwich from a packet between meetings, 
  leamington spa certainly has its fair share of edl types lurking beneath the surface , and i hate say it but violence is a weekly occurrence on the high street and around the train station . 
  when i worked there racism was rife amongst the local community , precisely because it 's not a multi-cultural town and these people want to return to an imagined golden age in the past where the white working class had all of the power in their communities rather than just most of it . 
  seriously though . 
  who are you to say it 's right to separate the very intelligent children away from mainstream ordinary society . 
  it 's not like anyone is saying do n't give them education , the question is whether it 's ok to send teenage or even child prodigies off to university rather than letting them go through the normal life most kids have . 
  when i see videos about child prodigies i always feel kind of bad for them . 
  mostly because so often the parents are piling on pressure and not giving them the normal level of freedom children have . 
  furthermore , a huge number of gifted children do n't go on to become geniuses . 
  a child with an adult level of intelligence looks like a genius compared to their peers , but most of the time they stay the same while the rest of their generation catches up . 
  i hardly think we 're denying the world their genius by putting them in ivory towers during their crucial development stage . 
  maybe , certainly if they do n't want to be there then they should n't have to be , but i do n't know if its right to remove a kid who does n't want to leave . 
  there is surprisingly little that be done about chronic intestinal disorders , if you think you 've got ibs they just put you on drugs that have side effects of their own . 
  crohn 's disease is essentially just ibs on steroids , being rarer and much more severe , but really it 's just a catch all term for severe inflammation of one or more point of the digest tract . 
  it can be so extreme in some cases that it can lead to incontinence , the fitting of a colostomy bag , even death . 
  if you can control an intestinal disorder with diet then you 're in a much better chance of improving your quality of life . 
  when i was young i developed bad gut after a strong course of antibiotics i took for an unrelated problem , before that i 'd been able to throw anything down my neck and never have any trouble , curry washed down with a milkshake the evening before a long early morning train journey ? 
  no problem . 
  went to the doctor and tried a few different meds and it did n't really help at all , just changed the nature of the affliction . 
  some stuff just shut down my digestion and made me bloated like a balloon , others had even worse effects . 
  then i started to radically change my diet , avoid problem foods , learn about binding and non-binding fibre . 
  eating more balanced meals that covered more food groups instead of binging on large quantities of something . 
  i 'm glad to say that after learning to eat again , cutting just certain foods , and i was able to return to basically how i was before , although i still would n't wash a curry down with a milkshake the day before an early start . 
  this is somewhat misleading and over simplified . 
  snuck is uncommon in much of the uk , and only used by a segment of the younger population whose speech is rife with american influence . 
  dreamt , spilt , and burnt are still common in much the uk too , they 've hardly been `` replaced '' , that might be the case in the us . 
  lots of these even feature in prestige uk dialects and in the speech of a significant proportion of the british population , i do n't they 're quite as antiquated as the video suggests . 
  did n't really touch on how massively anti-social and unhealthy being a twitch or youtube content creator is . 
  people do n't get massive on these platforms without thousands of hours . 
  there 's like a whole cycle in a gaming content producers career . 
  usually you start with a somewhat anti-social gaming fan who loves gaming because it 's their hobby . 
  they start making content because the dream of doing their hobby for a living . 
  then they have some success , and it 's thrilling for them , and they suddenly are putting in tonnes of hours and getting loads out of it , having a great time . 
  then they cap out and stop growing , they are earning more money than they could realistically hope to doing anything else , the work gets tiring , creative burn out takes it 's toll . 
  they think about quitting but they ca n't do it , they might spend a few days freaking out telling themselves they 're going to quit but they 'll go back once they calm down and think about their future and the money , which they feel terribly guilty about turning down when so many people are poor . 
  they are chained to their desk for hours , they 've achieved the dream but now it owns their ass . 
  they know if they stop or have a break for too long they 'll lose much their fans who 'll move onto someone new . 
  the fame is obviously a big factor too , but in many ways it 's no different from those people who work their arses through university and in their career to achieve a high paid desk job , and after a little while of actually doing the job they think wtf have i done and quit to do something totally different . 
  buyers remorse is not common with any career and higher paid that career is the more painful it will be to stop for your own sanity . 
  twitch streamers have that predicament , plus all the complications of fame and being the public eye too , e-fame mostly looks like waay too much effort . 
  you do n't have to use absolute statements like `` dreamt has been replaced '' in order to explain concepts in a simple and easy to digest way . 
  why not simply explain that these version are in decline but still widely used in parts of the world . 
  furthermore , just because a usage is in decline does n't mean they 'll leave the language or the trend wo n't reverse . 
  furthermore ngram is n't necessarily very indicative of usage , but rather what the style guides publishers and newspapers follow . 
  the daily mail would propagate the notion that foreigners feel entitled to live in the uk though , in the same way this guy is propagating the message that displaced people feel entitled to live in northern middle earth or wherever it is . 
  the only difference is that he 's doing it while pretending to be a refugee , while the daily mail obviously ca n't pull that one off ( although if would n't put it past them if they could ) . 
  as someone who does n't like anime i 'm actually looking forward to this . 
  so much elitism in this thread , sorry but much of the world will find this easier to enjoy than an animated version . 
  you 're complaining about `` pitched right '' but say `` reasonably formed english '' ? 
  yeah ... no, 
  you 're just speculating . 
  the uk has no jaywalking laws and fewer traffic fatalities per capita than the us . 
  in fact the very term jaywalking was invented by the autoindustry as a way to ensure drivers could go faster , by shifting the blame for collisions onto foolish `` jays '' who walked in the road . 
  if american drivers were n't so confident in the knowledge that people should only be crossing at designated spots they 'd probably keep a better look out . 
  except in the uk more people cross without crossings than with them , as crossings are rare outside of built up areas , so your analogy is bullshit . 
  you should n't be crossing on the corner in the uk fyi,
