  there 's always a slight cult vibe in the way the large female audiences scream and are presenters come across quite egotistical . 
  well they 're trying to appeal to both social conservatives and more pro-capitalism progressives . 
  that said the tories did exactly the same thing during the cameron years . 
  tories brought us gay marriage and quite a few other more progressive policies . 
  yeah , i 'd say compared men she 's about as good as minor local pro or a sponsored skater , but certainly not in the world class category . 
  it reminds me a bit of oprah , whose success and popularity i also found incomprehensible as a non-american . 
  she spent time in both belgium and the netherlands when she was growing up . 
  probably exposed to both french and dutch from a young age . 
  pretty sure it was n't a smart thing to do . 
  the reality is that companies that have stuff like this count on a number of people not claiming rewards and the like to make money . 
  yeah , people want nurses , teachers , social workers etc. 
  respectable jobs that require education and a large degree of social sacrifice from the people doing them , yet they do n't want to pay them , because the benefit they get from these things is n't quantifiable in the same way as someone who sells goods or services for a profit . 
  all the while our education , health , and society degenerate and we ask ourselves why society has problems . 
  shit stirring seems to be the fitting term . 
  oooh i love it when two things reddit gets wet over collide . 
  who will win ? 
  the fawning tesla fans or sycophantic top gear aficionados ? 
  tonight we find out !, 
  only one thing is sure , a sensible discussion that does n't involve the riding of elon musk 's or clarkson 's wee wee wo n't be featured . 
  defending a car company as if you had a personal stake in it . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism problems . 
  admiring a capitalist at the head of a multinational billion dollar corporation . 
  / r/latestagecapitalism problems . 
  lol what on earth are you talking about . 
  you have a problem with `` hotting up '' ( from the country that brings us gems like `` going ham '' ) and `` was/is sat/stood '' , do you remotely understand how language works ? 
  what strikes you as `` obviously incorrect '' is to do with your personal idiolect . 
  a statement like `` the team is sitting down '' strikes brits as obviously incorrect , whereas a statement like `` the team are sitting down '' might strike americans that way . 
  that 's because they have different rules . 
  i can assure you when it comes to following their own internal rules neither language is `` better '' . 
  real world speakers in both countries do n't seem to really care about the prescriptive rules of their language . 
  it 's also true that there was more of an effort to simplify american english , spelling of course , but also stuff like making all conjugation rigidly agree with grammatical , rather than conceptual , number . 
  removing the distinction between certain noun/verb pairs , `` licence '' vs `` to license '' . 
  seriously , do n't spout nonsense about something you clearly do n't know about . 
  mate , i do n't think you 're cognisant of much at all . 
  but seriously , post this shit in / r/linguistics and you 'll be laughed at . 
  participles have been used as predicates since before chaucer , and now you 're claiming that brits are `` breaking the rules '' for saying `` is sat '' . 
  the only thing that seems more prevalent in the us is the schoolmarmish grammatical oversimplification . 
  ngram shows `` is sat '' and `` was sat '' to even more prevalent in 19th century and early 20th century english in both american and british literature . 
  what you 're citing are guides for children , vast oversimplifications for developing minds that have n't understood when the passive voice is used in english . 
  honestly , why does everyone think they 're an expert on language because they can spout off a couple of grammatical wives ' tales about what is allegedly correct ? 
  your argument is laughable , and clearly founded in nationalism . 
  anyone with an understanding of the english language would grasp the differences between british and american english and would n't made false statements about either languages abiding more strictly by rules . 
  if anything , american english simplifies the rules of english , and in reality many of its speakers avoid the full range of possible legitimate expressions due to a schoolmarmish culture of prescriptivism that lives on in its education system , a phenomenon which you appear to suffer from . 
  good to see this kind of bike sharing being tried in the uk . 
  works perfectly in almost all german cities . 
  shame in britain we 've got so many poorly raised idiots who feel no sense of social responsibility whatsoever . 
  in other words , the digital economy act is about the government grasping power on the internet so they can dictate what you can access and ensure that their mates in media can charge you extortionate prices for what you could previously readily access for free . 
  not sure if disgraced hollywood celebs from the `` liberal media '' have good ol' boy privileges . 
   kinda shits all over his argument that we were `` spared '' revolution when you realise william of orange landed a dutch fleet and army on our shores, 
  invited by royalists and having a very strong hereditary claim . 
  also , nation states do n't lose their continuity when their boundaries change . 
  the uk has had pretty much unbroken continuity except for the glorious revolution , and the argument goes that because the monarch was reinstated and the old order of things brought back to some degree , it was only a brief interlude . 
  states do n't change just because another foreign aristocrat has been brought in to sit the throne either , otherwise there would have been dozens of `` uks '', 
  this argument definitely has some force too . 
  it 's not like french revolution where the old order was completely overturned . 
  it 's a pretty dumb question ultimately though . 
  continuity ends when history perceives it to have ended seen through the cultural lens of the era . 
  the general consensus though , is that the uk has been pretty continuous compared to many other countries . 
  wo n't matter with the eu negotiating for us . 
  just saying . 
  street fight breaks out , mother stands watching with child 5 ft away , statue man disappears , `` oh my we should be going '' . 
  mother of the year over here . 
  damn this country needs change . 
  the culture has got so toxic , complacent , anti-intellectual , cynical . 
  spicy . 
  actually it 's the american way . 
  england is my city !, 
  unexpected redfang, 
  i literally have no fukin clue, 
  i do love me some quiche, 
  in most inner city areas mice are everywhere . 
  most places store their food properly so it 's no big deal . 
  / r/interdimensionalcable, 
  packages are definitely alley property , bitch !, 
  was n't france more relevant than germany pre-british dominance ? 
  sure germany had some cool shit like the printing press and literacy , but france napolened the whole of europe . 
  the point after that being the rise of 100 years of british dominance . 
  historically , france were the dominant land power in western europe , were n't they ? 
  french was the lingua franca before english though . 
  also , overlook not oversee . 
  oversee means to supervise . 
  you did n't say you hate pizza with pineapple , you said the same as `` pineapple pizza is the worst tasting pizza i 've ever tried '' . 
  italians are pretty good at being stoic in my experience . 
  moderation is just much more part of the culture , and i 've met very italians that are as prone to excess as northern europeans . 
  a whole thicket ? 
  a did n't realise that they had super powers too !, 
  nice work . 
  definitely some magic in the air in london . 
  why not just extend it indefinitely ... 
  move on with your life . 
  those girls are in a terrible situation , but you wo n't help them by getting them arrested . 
  what exactly is the problem anyway ? 
  you could always try sending them an anonymous letter asking them to be more discreet , pointing out that if the neighbours are noticing the police may well notice as well , so it 's in their interests to make cars drop them at the corner and handle their business quietly . 
  naturally , what he should have said is `` waah-derrr '' , is n't english fun . 
  i totally understand that you do n't want it . 
  i actually live in a country where prostitution is legal . 
  the point is that it 's not the prostitution that 's annoying you . 
  it 's actually for most the part the product of prostitution 's illegality that causing the issue . 
  if they get `` busted '' then they will just move elsewhere . 
  getting them to behave more neighbourly is better than getting them arrested .
