  millennial is just code for `` we 're not going to share status , prestige , or salary with young people anymore '' . 
  fact is , this generation of young people is no worse than the gen x ` ers or the boomers . 
  each one was considered equally as bad as the other by its predecessors . 
  the only difference is that now people have social media and youtube content to vent their collective desire to bash people for being younger than they are . 
  sure , there are some dumb fucks born the last 30 years who epitomise the currently trends in stupidity , having a flagrant disregard for everything , caring too much about social media , but them seem to be forgetting about the dumb fucks in the 60s who just sat around taking acid all day until their brains were useless for anything but basic manual labour talking about how cool and counter cultural they were and the idiots in the generation x who still wear dreadlocks in their hair and hang around in wicca circles at the library . 
  each generation has an equal number of stupid people statistically , so it can only come down to ideology . 
  yeah , it 's fucking stupid . 
  to me anyone born before 1985 is definitely a gen x-er , and the millennials do n't really start proper you 're born in the 90s . 
  i was born in the mid 80s and my ex was born in 92 and i definitely noticed a difference but mostly limited to relationship technology . 
  she did n't really know much about how computers used to be in old days whereas i could remember when they were first being installed and stuff . 
  she did n't remember that time when technology was n't `` normal '' . 
  i could remember the times when people thought the internet was quite cringey and showing an interest in computers was a bit of a shameful thing that could label you as odd . 
  she was entering her teens around mid 2000s and had more of a sense that it had always been there . 
  it 's hardly like a huge difference is it . 
  it was successful but it did n't gain a huge amount of fame because it was more historical and less full of drama like most hbo series these days . 
  i grew up with dial up but never heard of oregon trail though . 
   first off : when i used `` the english '' i was also including anglophone monolingual partisans in australia , america , canada , ireland , etc who attack the need for second language education ( not in the kingdom of england sense ) . 
  it was a cultural streak that england exported to the colonies a long time ago . 
  yeah do n't do that , nobody does that . 
  the english are the people living in england , using the word to mean anything else is just misleading . 
   however , is false . 
  if even just to massively increase your vocabulary in english learning it 's relative languages will particularly help with your english language skills . 
  the sheer amount of loan words , false friends etc ensures this . 
  you establish a more concise understanding of english vocabulary . 
  while it might improve it a little bit , learning vocabulary would be a more efficient use of your time if your goal is to improve your understanding and breadth of vocab . 
   it gives you a deeper understanding of how languages work thus allowing you to be and seem original rather than pedantically or pretentiously repeating the same tired old usages . 
  there is no reason to think native speakers repeat the same old usages . 
  it 's a moot point . 
   entomological roots of words, 
  etymological *, 
   yes , but the greatest are generally multilingual ... hemingway , kerouac , orwell , churchill , beckett , byron , wilde , hamilton , jefferson , john stuart mills , etc. 
  languages were a massive part of classical education and even well into modern times the best writers tend to be those who excelled in languages in general . 
  no , there it literally no reason to think the greatest writers that were multilingual were better than those who were monolingual . 
  i ca n't say that learning a 2nd language never helps , that would be a lie , but it 's not like all the greatest writers were multilingual , there were plenty who were n't . 
   employers are far more impressed by your ability to correctly spell , and your vocabulary than your ability to quote hamlet . 
  the point of english at school is no to make you an expert in hamlet but to make you accustomed to expressing your opinions in english over a sustained piece of text . 
  furthermore , learning a foreign language will not help you to spell english particularly . 
   no native speakers do n't understand intuitively every aspect of their own language they need to learn the edges of grammar etc !, 
  yes they do ; a language is defined by how it is used and not by what a book says . 
   spelling na\u00efvet\u00e9 correctly will get you further than knowing exactly the plot of jane austen . 
  most people spell it naivety these days . 
   you are far more impressive in the boardroom if you have already read documents that have n't yet been translated, 
  virtually never happens . 
  the chance of this happening is minute . 
  no offence buddy , but you 're talking shit . 
  as someone who is a big language learner and also has experience teaching languages , i can tell you that it 's perfectly clear why language learning is in the state it is in most english speaking nations . 
  and i 'll add , as someone who has lived a fair share of his life abroad that foreigners are n't better at language than the english speaking nations simply because they 're more appreciative of the academic benefits of a 2nd language , of which there are many , although they are n't what you claim them to be , they mostly learn them for very practical reason such as the fact that they 're more likely to have better job prospects if they do . 
  very simply , practising expressing yourself in a clear , concise , and well reasoned manner is what will help the majority of people function in a mid-tier job working in their native language , and that is precisely the skill that english as a subject aims to teach . 
  want to explain the difference between verfehlen and fehlen and missen and vermissen ? 
  if someone was born in 85 then they 22 when the recession hit . 
  if someone were born in '90 then they were 17 . 
  if anything those of us born in the 80s had a harder time of it . 
  anyway , you 've misread what i said . 
  i 'm not talking about how hard each generation had it , i 'm stating that each generation has an equal quantity of stupid people . 
  all that really changes is the way the older generation to decide to dislike the younger generation . 
  the great generation hated the boomers because they did n't have the severity of their generation and were n't as respectful of the community and the historical institutions like the church . 
  the boomers hated gen-x for being too outwardly non-conformist and not standing for any clear message `` trying to be different '' , and not caring about the same issues they did when they were young , and seemingly having no great opposition to stand against `` you kids do n't know your born '' . 
  now the gen-x ` ers hate the millennials for being apolitical , having grown up with technology , and seemingly not being rebellious enough . 
  ultimately each generation is formed by the previous . 
  the war generation were very seriously and almost militaristic , the the boomers were about peace and love , the boomers were all about positive thinking ( at least when they were young ) and making the world a more loving place , so the gen x ` ers were often dark , brooding , alternative and cynical . 
  now the millennials living in a generation where that kind of mtv `` counterculture '' has been transparently reduced to a commercial product and thus have a different attitude again , not putting any great stead in ideologies . 
  some older people go around hating the youth simply because they think they do n't stand for anything or care about anything , and are appalled that they seem happier with their smart phones and laptops than trying to shock their parents with their radical difference , but it 's just a natural reaction to their generation turning that whole idea into a clich\u00e9 . 
  i 'm generalising a lot , but each generation is in many ways to a reaction to the previous , and millennials are the reaction to the gen-x edginess that abounded in the 80s and 90s . 
  thanks , i knew that somewhere in the back of my brain it thanks for reminding me of it . 
  sadly , just as our generation were sat in front of the tv as a substitute parent when we were kids , handing a kid an ipad seems to be the same thing these days . 
  the damage the internet can do is far worse though , worst thing that happened to us was that we was a film with nudity , violence , or swearing , but still safe for tv stuff . 
  kids these days could come across gore , bestiality , people telling them to kill themselves , anything really . 
  i know this is a joke but go to a business school and you 'll find a mentality that is n't much different from that . 
  people walking around with sharp suits and briefcases looking professional , talking constantly about business constantly . 
  ask them what industry they actually intend to work in and they 'll give you a blank stare . 
  it 's almost like we 're building a cult of business , everyone has to become an expert in `` business '' , when business is actually just the process of facilitating legal transactions between companies have actual product to buy/sell . 
  if you want to be a business man in the pharmaceutical industry then learn about chemistry , not `` business '' . 
  if you want to be a manger , study management , if you want to work in the financial industry , study finance . 
  kind of a sad story , people like that always end up running into the wrong sorts and being exploited for their money and are left without a pot to piss in . 
  i 'm going to be really cynical for a moment and say simply ... it 's meant to be that way . 
  the `` real talk '' of upper management goes on behind closed doors . 
  the incomprehensible jargon they churn out as policy is often deliberately meant to be vague , difficult to understand , and choc full of poorly defined jargon to give them enough wiggle room for it to mean whatever they say it means . 
  it 's also usually got fail safes built into it that will allow them to pass off any failing as intended or at least not their responsibility . 
  the upper power structure of any organisation hiding behind a layer of obscure jargon and terminology is hardly a new thing in human history . 
  just look at the language used about the kings and queens of europe , look at ecclesiastical english , look at legal english . 
  managerial english is no different . 
  the jargon is just there so that it can be fed to obedient middle managers who are told it means whatever they need to believe it to mean for the purposes of enacting the upper management 's real agenda . 
  because the middle managers either believe it to be deeply meaningful but struggle to really understand it , or at least have to play along with the farce that it is meaningful ( if they 're a little more aware ) . 
  the lower tier either ca n't read it ( it 's too complicated and they 're not sufficiently literate ) , or they either do n't care or know it 's bollocks anyway so why waste the energy . 
  every power structure in history has the same structure and relies on the same principles . 
  to gain power you must convince a large number of people to do your bidding . 
  you ca n't personally organise that many people , so you need people who do that for you . 
  this means you have the head of the structure who creates the agenda , the middle tier who enact this agenda , and the lower tier who do the actual work , whether that be selling insurance , building cares , fighting a war , or paying taxes . 
  now there can be systems within these tiers , but ultimately it 's a pyramid with 3 main layers . 
  things are done on a need to know basis . 
  the upper management do n't want you to know there real agenda , and they certainly do n't want that becoming public knowledge , you are given just enough information to do you job adequately and no more . 
  i mean he is little , i think he means he 's not someone who identifies with `` little people '' who typically would 've been labelled by some relatively uncommon genetic trait . 
  if you just happen to be a fully grown man who is 5ft tall then you probably do n't identify as a `` little person '' . 
  if you knew what bognor and butlins were you would n't want to come . 
  no offence , but you 're the perfect middle manger . 
  this idea that honesty is the best policy is pure naivety . 
  upper management are constantly trying to play the system , how on earth do you think they make money ? 
  but doing so in a way that conceals what you 're doing is paramount . 
  the morale of the workforce can easily be manipulated through agenda setting . 
  no managerial theory since taylor has proposed that only monetary reward has a bearing on productivity .
