  the jury is obviously still out on two abreast cycling , otherwise , a cycle friendly country like germany would n't ban it , but rather encourage it . 
  i find your attempts to make it seem like these things are incontrovertible facts rather childish , often , a countries road laws come down to logic no more complicated than , this is how it 's always been done and if there 's no strong call or ground for change why bother . 
  ultimately , it does n't even matter if riding two abreast reduces the danger on average it 's still stupid , not because it impedes traffic ( which it does ) , but because while it might reduce the chance of a car making a dangerous overtaking manoeuvre , it still makes it even more dangerous should the car take that manoeuvre anyway . 
  imagine we 're playing a game , you have a 20 sided dice , if it lands on 1 , 2 or 3 , you roll a 6 sided dice and if it lands on 1 again you die . 
  you 're just taking this game and swapping it for a game where the rule is , take a 20 sided dice , if it lands on 1 then you roll another dice and if it lands on 1 or 2 you die . 
  sure , the 2nd game might give you better odds , but you know what a better option is ? 
  do n't fucking play the game i.e ban road cycling everywhere but roads where a cyclist can keep up with the speed of traffic so the instances of overtaking become far less frequent , which is what i recommend , and you simply can not deny that by removing cyclists from busy roads you 'll reduce the number of deaths and injuries , probably saving millions to the nhs . 
  even your bloody link concluded :, 
  - 67 % of these crashes occur on roads with posted maximum speed limits of 40 mph or higher ;, 
  - 59 % occur on `` rural '' roads ;, 
  and they actually provided stats for that rather than their claim that two abreast is safer , the best solution ? 
  ban all cyclists from roads with a speed limit of 40mph or higher , ban all cyclists from rural roads . 
  wow , i just cut the number of cycling related injuries and deaths in quarter , it 's not rocket science . 
  that 's very mature of you . 
  i suppose that 's what a child does when he does n't want to acknowledge that there 's another side to the argument . 
  grow up . 
  i 'm sorry , but the tories have already shown their antiquated moral hand with ridiculous policies like the porn blocker , the porn laws , calling the uk a christian country , stance towards drugs , internet censorship . 
  not to mention all that nonsense about falling standards and creating a big society . 
  meanwhile half the tory party were caught sorting cocaine off hookers ' arses and engaging in depraved sexual acts behind their spouses backs . 
  i was n't saying `` boo hoo the tories only care about the rich '' , i was merely a joke pointing out the hypocrisy of a party that claims to have some higher morality when they 've almost all at it or have been at it at some point in their lives . 
  except theresa may of course , she 's never been invited to a party and now she 's having her revenge . 
  what was ok for me to do in my youth is n't ok for society at large kind of attitude . 
  lighten up . 
  frankly i 'd find tory economic policies a lot easier to stomach if they 'd at least embrace a more progressive attitude towards social issues on matters that did n't directly affect the economy , if you 're going to take away people 's benefits and leave them to fend for themselves you could at least let them smoke a joint in the privacy of their own home without moral condemnation as a consolation . 
  jesus chap , calm down . 
  it was a joke , i 'm not particularly fond of any of the parties , and yes they 're all hypocrites . 
  it was just the tories who happen to relevant here . 
  relax and stop reading into stuff so much . 
  lol , calm down cowboy , you 're way too invested in this . 
  it was a joke , a tory bashing joke , yes , but a joke nonetheless . 
  if people did n't make political jokes half the uk 's comedians would be out of business . 
  i could have easily made a joke about what a bunch of spineless ineffectual unpopular bunch of idiots the lib dems are , but i choose the tories , why does this annoy you so much . 
   nope , going to continue to call out bullshit thank you . 
  a brave crusade keyboard warrior . 
  jesus man , i 'm not suggesting i 'm some kind of \u00fcbermensch , but i do at least manage to settle most my disputes with words rather than my fists . 
  these kids are feral . 
  i 'm sorry you did n't find my humour funny , but it 's not worse the emotion you 've invested in your responses . 
  there are n't any diners really , except for some faux-american diners found in big towns and cities of varying quality . 
  however if :, 
   no tvs , no men or women shouting when someone scores in football , a relaxed vibe , a diner feel is really how i can describe it . 
  is this how you describe restaurants ? 
  i think you 're going to be in for a shock when you get to the uk and visit a restaurant , or even a gastro pub . 
  i recommend you do n't come looking for american things here , and rather make the most of it by trying out a variety of british restaurants and gastro pubs , obviously the atmosphere differs from place to place , some fancier , some more laid back , some busy and vibrant , some more relaxed and sedate . 
  i 'm sure you 'll find some to your taste , we have a huge number of them , many of them not being chain restaurants or theme restaurants but simply independent good restaurants . 
  i hope that answers your question . 
  british people say `` most the time '' a lot though as a side note . 
   she literally never makes public speeches apart from a boring and mundane 5 minute speech at christmas, 
  mate she 's nearly 90 . 
  also people do n't hate charles but are n't fond of him because he 's relatively bland . 
  he also divorced diana who people loved for that camilla type who 's about as interesting as he is . 
  we can take the piss out of the royals but without a british passport that 's not allowed . 
  depends how annoying you were , you 'd probably freak out the tourists , but i guess if you just quietly stood there telling him your life story you could get away with for 20 minutes before the real police noticed and came and moved you along . 
  they 're really not meant to move unless you do something threatening or cross over the threshold . 
  weirdly i think the knifes are fixed over the barrel . 
  a brit certainly would if he 's not a moron . 
  it 's pretty hard to live in the uk and not at some point in your life not go back to germany even if it 's just to travel through it . 
  the last thing you want is an unpaid fine in germany , they can start out at 50 euros and end up at 1000 euros + a visit to the amtgericht, 
  while i agree that is disgraceful and disrespectful you 've got to understand that these places are significantly more culturally significant for germans and jewish people . 
  i 've visited a few holocaust sites and museums and while i was respectful for me it was just like walking around an ordinary museum / historical site , however , when i looked at some of the germans in these places a fair few were in or looked close to tears . 
  i do n't even feel like laughing at them to be honest , it 's just sad that they have n't been taught basic human decency . 
  seriously , i do n't set the bar for humanity high , i know we 're all fallible and selfish , and i know well we 're not all remarkable and contributing to the progress of the species , myself included , but not smashing someone in the face over nothing and cackling about it afterwards is n't asking much . 
  right ? 
  you say that , but i have n't found german personal space to be that different from british , although the shaking hands thing is weird . 
  just 80 million . 
  the population of germany then ? 
  to be fair , we mainly use yanks when we do n't care if we cause offence or not . 
  i would n't take it to heart , it 's not meant to be strongly offensive , just mildly . 
  anyway , british people allow you get away with saying brits when frankly we should be called britons , but we do n't take it to heart . 
  you could cause indirect offence by seeming ignorant i guess . 
  patrick is shortened to paddy because the irish version is padraig . 
  on that note , do n't be offended if a german puts your change on the table , they do n't seem to like hand contact . 
  i see you 've never been to scotland . 
  teach germans how to english . 
  do n't worry about it . 
  sure , they might raise some eyebrows , i know supermarkets tend to be super cunty about sick days , when i was at m&s they drilled us constantly about how much sick days cost the company and plastered the staff room with posters about it , but legally they ca n't do shit , and in another couple of months when they realise you 're not a bi-weekly sickie thrower it 'll all be forgotten about . 
  more that germany speaks german to be fair , the austrians manage a close approximation and swiss speak something that vaguely resembles it spoken with a potato in your mouth but there you have it . 
  still 80 million is a fair few , but probably best to learn mandarin . 
  mandarin is easier because it 's only 4 tones , while cantonese is 7 i believe . 
  as an non-yank i was confused as fuck for a second there , 49 % graduation ? 
  that 's got to be one of the cleverest cities in the world . 
  then i realised you use graduate as in finish school over there . 
  no you do n't . 
  it 's such a bullshit stereotype . 
  europeans do n't even drive anywhere near as much as americans , and we know the us roughly the size of europe . 
  people will get on a plane from london to amsterdam sooner than drive . 
  these europeans who think they can drive from ny to atlanta in a few hours are fucking mythological creatures . 
  oh dear , here come the the `` herp derp , europeans do n't get how big murica is '' comments . 
  i think it 's the americans who do n't get how big europe is , do you think the danish casually drive down to spain for the weekend ? 
  fuck , europeans know the us is easily as big as europe and we do n't even drive as much as americans do . 
  we 'd sooner get on a plane than endure a 7 hour drive . 
  funny how all these stories about europeans coming to america and planning to visit vegas for the weekend when they 're staying the ny seem to come from americans . 
   most of my friends from across the pond, 
  because europe is just tiny right ? 
  you realise that most europeans are familiar with a world map ? 
  and that they 've seen the us and seen europe ? 
  so when we think us we do n't think , like our country , we think , like our continent right ? 
  this myth of europeans who do n't understand the us is big seems to be entirely perpetuated by americans . 
  wtf are you talking about . 
  there 's no such thing as `` looking stereotypically irish '' . 
  there 's no way to `` look < insert european country  '' .
