  i think we 're getting confused . 
  i would call the standard accent these days as something like what george osborne speaks , but i would n't call this a sloaney or rah rah accent . 
  i 'd call that a contender for modern rp . 
  cameron and boris are definitely towards more of the conservative end , and rah rah i 'd call the type of crap the wankers of made in chelsea speak with elements that project being upper class but do n't actually reflect conservative rp . 
  i 'd put you pretty standard for sure . 
  not too modern nor very conservative , quite a middle class way of speaking and i 'd assume you 'd grown up somewhere nice in the south east rather than picked it up at public school as i did ( you might 've gone to public school but i doubt you learnt it there ) . 
  two things i 've noticed is that you say accent / ' \u00e6k.sent / not / \u02c8\u00e6k.s\u0259nt / ( aksunt ) and you say / \u02c8ri\u02d0.s\u025c\u02d0t\u0283 / ( reesearch ) and not / \u02c8ri\u02d0.s\u025c\u02d0t\u0283 / ( risearch ) . 
  this could be american influence . 
  if you want to know more please record yourself saying . 
  `` surely the old golden apples are pure . 
  our good friends sell them on the dunes and sing their tunes . 
  the tourists buy them and we 're better off for it , after all who wants to be poor ? 
  on tuesdays we are happy to graduate to answering questions on fences and floors . 
  cuba is my favourite place but the laws are strict . 
  wholly formed struts hold up holy places in the aftermath of ranting bald royal oily owls . 
  praise be to zeus '', 
  i know this sounds stupid but it would tell me a lot . 
  try not to think about it when you say it though as this would bias the result . 
  no i think cameron and johnson are n't quite sloaney but more old fashioned public school rp . 
  of course they 're not that old so it 's not quite conservative rp . 
  osborne is more neutrally well spoken . 
  sloaney sounds like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0m0srtt-3om&amp;t=56s ) which is the type of ridiculous posh accent that you hear in london these days , especially the girl . 
  made in chelsea is a reality tv programme featuring wealthy tits . 
  this what [ i sound like ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0wybxtru9nc ) saying it . 
  as you can see i sound very different from you , but that 's probably because i spoke with a slight midlands accent until i was about 8 , and then lost it in public school , i 've never lived in the south . 
  edit : wrong link, 
  like a different breed i guess . 
  generally the people i know speak neutrally or like me as they 're publicly educated . 
  however now i 'm older it does n't matter so much . 
  i 'll also add that aftermath and rant were tricks , these words actually take the short - a but most southerners have started using the long one . 
  tis ' a silly accent . 
  just for now here is me trying to be [ conservative rp ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0ufsuv56mpl ) , and here is [ sloaney ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s1y4uxnhpe53 ), 
  no i do n't think you 're the odd one , it 's just the traditional is the less common now amongst these kinds of speakers . 
  this was extremely dank, 
  rp has it . 
  it 's like darksouls , everything will destroy you , he did n't know the enemy was following him . 
  he lucked out because if he 'd waited a second longer to get on the ladder it would n't wtfpwned him from behind . 
  [ you called ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2011/11/25/article-2066203-000032a300000258-66_224x380.jpg ), 
  fire is the cure . 
  personally i think they 're just a crown territory that 's spent a few hundred years in rebellion . 
  can confirm , am european and do n't trust paper money , how can paper we worth something , give me a good old fashioned roman denarii any day . 
  the difference is that mlm use confidence trickery to get people to invest in sub-par business ideas . 
  you can pay to join and then sell some shit products nobody wants , or , once you 're in , can just pick up sick referral fees by convincing other people to pay to join and sell the crap nobody wants . 
  you then also get a % percentage of whatever the person you 've recruited makes either selling the crappy product or in further referrals . 
  true pyramid schemes use confidence trickery to get people to invest in a scheme , on the grounds they 'll get loads more on their investment back once they 've convinced others to invest too . 
  mlm schemes are legal because ultimately there 's a product/service and thus a business there . 
  when you join you pay to become part of a franchise that has the rights to a product or service . 
  what 's concealed from the naive idiots that get involved with them is that the product is a load of overpriced crap and that the only way any of the success stories , the ones they tout as evidence of validity , make any money is by becoming part of the problem by signing up other members to the scam . 
  the confidence trick is convincing the idiots that the product is good , that their main source of income will be selling the product , and that the referrals are just the icing on the cake . 
  however in a true pyramid scheme there is simply nothing there , it 's just idiots convincing idiots to hand over cash in the belief that they 'll get more in the long run . 
  ultimately the law can not decide whether someone is overpaying to become part of a business model . 
  sure the people in charge know the product is a crock of shit and it 's really just there to legitimise a quasi-pyramid scheme , but they 're not going to admit that . 
  however the law can determine when an investment is a load of shit because the alleged return on the investment only comes from further investment from other people . 
  it 's just not logically possible for everyone to make a return on their investment in this fashion , they 'll always be losers at the bottom of the pyramid because the pool of potential investors is ultimately finite . 
  however in the mlm scheme it could turn out that the product/service catches on and then everyone involved will make money , despite this being incredibly unlikely ( i mean what good product would need to use mlm to get their product to market ? ) . 
  therefore pyramid schemes are illegal but mlm schemes are n't when handled the right way . 
  should they be illegal ? 
  imo yes , but there 's no good measure to determine a true mlm scheme from just a crappy overpriced but legitimate franchise . 
  are they immoral ? 
  fuck yes , stay away from them , but they 'll always be idiots who wo n't see them for what they are and immoral fuckers who are happy to play the game . 
  such is life . 
  i think most people are smart enough to know when they 're getting involved with these cons , when the referral fee looks amazing it should set of alarm bells for anyone with two brain cells to rub together , however man of the people who fall for this crap are dumb and overconfident , which means big money from some . 
  it 's essentially life coaching , then you pay to get trained to teach other 's life coaching . 
  i 'm not saying they are n't similar but there is an important distinction that puts them on either sides of the law . 
  they are essential the same , but in one you pass your money up the pyramid on the grounds of a legal exchange of money in return to rights to a business and product , in the other you just pass money up in the hope someone will pass money onto you . 
  one is a legal albeit exploitative exchange , the other is an illegal con where money is exchanged for nothing . 
  i reckon he 's got a way of resealing the seal , maybe a clear adhesive applied to the open deck that he can seal in a way that ca n't be seen . 
  `` git off of him '' , most annoying sentence ever , you do n't `` get on of him '' so why do people smash that extra preposition in there . 
  yeah skip to the end if you want to hear the music . 
  or better yet just listen to [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wmsoo4b2hfu ) . 
  guy was a douche . 
  his manner of speaking was just annoying . 
  if this is the best , i 'm afraid to see what is average ... 
  y' all speeeking inglish ? 
  like the computer , the car , the telephone , the television and the world wide web ? 
  german happened . 
  it is true that we do n't all have the genes for a flat stomach , what these fatties do n't realise is though is that we all have the genes for a lean stomach , it 's merely that the muscles are rounder in some body shapes . 
  the only people who should be complaining are those with six packs that bulge out . 
  it 's not a matter of exercise though , it 's a matter of body fat . 
  you were probably in great shape , but the army is there to work on your aesthetics but to get you fighting fit . 
  `` fighting fit '' will probably mean a body fat over 14 % -20 % , not the < 14 % that you need for a six pack . 
  the only reason boxers and professional fighters are as lean as they are is because they 're playing the weight categories and every pound of fat is a waste that could be muscle , otherwise being so lean would n't even be optimal for fighting . 
  militaries tend to encourage high exercise combined with high calories and protein intake which will lead to soldiers with good strength and endurance , but within an average body fat level . 
  this actually makes sense because some body fat will be useful on long exercises which might mean long periods between meals . 
  ultimately the obsessive gym rat who does n't do anything like the amount of exercise you did but meticulously controls diet combined with daily gym has a better chance at a six pack than you would doing daily six mile runs that will make your body require a high carb load to function . 
  is that warwick davis ? 
  pretty sure you ca n't hail an uber from the side of the road . 
  unless you mean hailing them with your app which is n't much different to calling a mini-cab firm . 
  sorry , our school books are written in a fair unbiased fashion and are n't just a propaganda tool to inspire patriotism . 
  we are educated , just not educated in lies , i believe this is what you 're mistaking for a lack of education . 
  i used to like video games and comic books and stuff , but then i discovered the culture around it and found myself liking them considerably less . 
  no wonder these things are socially anathema in many circles , then they attract socially retarded opinionated sub-humans in every area , whether they be the new wave of tumblr feminists or gamer gate kiddies , like flies to shit . 
  most the people in these `` cultures '' are just beyond saving , and the only cure is not to involve yourself with them should you want to preserve any semblance of a happy healthy lifestyle . 
  public prosecutors are often worse than cops to be honest . 
  many only care about maximising the punishment and undoing a legal defence whatever the cost , regardless of whether a person is truly guilty , simply to further their career . 
  what 's worse is the lawyers that serve as public defenders are often the lowest tier of lawyer , freshly qualified or generally of average ability , often unmotivated too . 
  if you ever run into legal trouble the first thing anyone will ever advise is to pay for lawyer who works privately and not rely on a public defender . 
  i 'm not really talking about the online community , i 'm talking about when you go to cons . 
  a large chunk of the people i 've met at cons have been wankers , youtube fame whores who are just shameless sycophants towards anyone with over 100k subscribers , elitists nerds who act as if unless gaming is the main thing in your life then you simply are n't worthy , industry types who set themselves apart from regular gamers flashing their press/industry name tags like war medals and zealously guarding their press/industry only sections , alternative `` special '' types who think geeky stuff is only for their ilk ; conventional sorts having no place there , not to mention sjws blogging about gaming from a `` feminist '' perspective . 
  ultimately all i 'm saying is that i 've been to quite a few cons and never have i been exposed to such a concentration of immature people lacking in social development .
