  ultimately , you just have to accept the consequences , there is no secret to drinking and being on top of your game the next morning . 
  people who believe there is are probably just big on the placebo effect . 
  all you can do is minimise the damage . 
  if you ever have one of those nights where you just black out and wake up in your clothes , you know you done fucked up . 
  what you got to do is aim for mild hangovers , but model them against the fun you had the night before . 
  for example , if you have an amazing night with your friends hitting up clubs and end up spending the night with someone , that 's worth a bad hangover . 
  if you sit around playing card games with some regulars until 3am , and then wake up with horrible hangover unable to make the most of the following day then that 's not worth it . 
  there 's an art to drinking if you ask me . 
  yes but what we call the n/s divide in the uk is actually a diagonal line . 
  [ this is by far the most accurate representation culturally ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2007/10_04/england2410_468x816.jpg ), 
  for england the split is very much diagonally across the country , i do n't know if that makes it bi-axial . 
  [ this is the best representation imo ] ( http://i.dailymail.co.uk/i/pix/2007/10_04/england2410_468x816.jpg ) . 
  what causes this is the proximity to london . 
  the people south of this line relate to london a lot more . 
  when they need a major city most the people south of this line will typically take the train to london ( obviously places like cornwall and lincolnshire are outliers ) . 
  also , across most of the uk , east-west travel tends to be harder than north-south , as most motorways and major train lines splay out of london and head northwards at different angles . 
  it 's much harder to go from cambridge to birmingham than it is to go from cambridge to london , for some unfortunate folk the quickest way east or west is all the way to london and then back out again e.g norwich  birmingham . 
  the only exception to this is on the south coast , where roads tend to run westwards , in fact , unless you are closer to bristol than london , going north either involves going all the way to the m25 and back out again or a lot of smaller slower roads . 
  this soaks into the culture deeply . 
  north of the line most of the cities and towns have a quite urban working class mentality , south of the line you 'll find much fancier on average , and working class mentality is less present . 
  this is generalising of course , places like portsmouth and bristol have working class backgrounds , whereas places like york and durham are quite fancy for the north . 
  another effect of the domination of london is that the south of england really lacks many urban hubs that areas can relate to , and i think which major city you relate to is a big factor in whether you 're `` southern '' . 
  the people in the north more readily assume their own separate identity because `` manchester 's got anything that they got in * that * london '' , while birmingham does n't have quite the same amount of pride , as evidenced by the fact that you do n't have to go very far away from birmingham before people start relating to london instead . 
  in fact , as soon as you 're out of the counties that neighbour birmingham ( warwickshire , worcestershire , etc ) , people start pretending london is down the road and birmingham may as well be in scotland . 
  bristol is probably the exception in this , as west country folk really are a separate breed with a strong sense of local identity . 
  the problem here though is that they just are n't affluent enough or populace enough to matter that much , the economy around there is propped up by people from the london economic hub going to weekend breaks and buying 2nd houses ( meaning prices are very `` southern '' too ) so they get subsumed under the london dominated southern identity . 
  i think the problem with calling the uk bi-axial is that there is no true e/w divide in the uk . 
  rather there is e/w division amongst regions , but they do n't relate to one another . 
  for example , west country ( pirate sounding farmers ) vs south east ( privileged city types and dodgy geezers ) , west midlands ( incomprehensible classless urban metal bashers ) vs east midlands ( wannabe southerners and farmers ) , nw ( lancashire is the best ) vs ne ( yorkshire is the best ) . 
  however , is no relationship or common theme between the west country , the west midlands , and the north west . 
  nor is there any sense of alliance between the se , the east midlands , and ne . 
  when you add the other constitutional countries of england into the mix it becomes a right mess , because all those countries have their own divides . 
  n. ireland has e ( protestant ) vs w. ( catholic ) , wales has n ( welsh speaking rural poor ) vs s ( virtually entirely english speaking and industrial ) . 
  there 's a problem with not recognising the constitutional countries of england though , because each of them has their own divides within them . 
  n. ireland has strong e/w split , with the protestant community dominating the east . 
  wales has a n/s divide but it does n't correlate with the england n/s divide . 
  do n't know much about scotland but they have divides of their own i 'm sure , possibly e/w ( edinburgh , glasgow ) . 
  absolutely not true . 
  stepping in it does n't make a blind shade of difference . 
  the dirt and germs from your feet will wash way instantly and be inconsequential . 
  however , up river 500m there could be a dead animal carcass in the river , you have no way of knowing . 
  fast flowing water is generally far cleaner and safer than slow moving and stagnant water of course , but with a big river you do n't know how slow and stagnant that water is upriver . 
  you 're best off when you know you 're near the source of the water i.e glacier , mountain , spring . 
  the only time i 've risked trying stream water was when it was coming straight off the mountain and it was only a few degrees above zero . 
  shut up poland, 
  i know some guys who went on a school trip to tibet , every single one of them had a bad case of the shits at some point . 
  worst of all they made them all sleep in the same tent since they were having to go in and out all night . 
  apparently it was hell since they naturally could n't stop the trek , and were travelling quite a few miles over very steep terrain everyday . 
  if they wanted to shit they had to go to the front of the group , tell the leader , disappear into the bushes , and then hopefully get it over with in time to catch the back of the pack . 
  if they took too long then they 'd have to stop the trail , which would piss everyone off . 
  obviously they did n't drink stream water , but the local food and drink combined with that altitude will do that to you apparently . 
  why people do this hardcore nature stuff i 'll never understand . 
  camping 2 nights in some local forest with a few crates of beer and bag of high grade is good enough for me !, 
  the problem with that is that you get places like cambridge and norfolk in the `` north '' if you go horizontally , and they 're certainly not places that resemble the `` north '' in any sense . 
  if you do n't go horizontal then you 've still got a diagonal line , so all you 're really doing is putting herefordshire in the south ( and frankly herefordshire is a bit of a no mans land ) . 
  lincoln is a bit strange , but in many senses it 's not northern , and has quite a strong mentality of not being in `` the north '' , and relates more strongly southwards towards cambridgeshire etc. 
  i believe this line looked at linguistic , economic and social data to come up with this line . 
  and if you 're born north of it you 're liable to live one year less , more likely to suffer social problems such as alcoholism , and likely to have smaller lifetime earnings , than if you were born south of it . 
  the truth is that the closer to london one is the more you 're in `` the south '' , so the east midlands seems much more southern than the west midlands . 
  the west midlands has the working class industrial heritage so has more in common with the north , whereas the east midlands was just a place for rich london types to have country estates . 
  in fact if you go far back historically the east midlands was actually the richest part of england , as it had the greatest density of landed gentry . 
  bit of both maybe ? 
  i 've watched limmy 's show enough times that the situation in scotland is `` complex '' to say the least . 
  there an interview with cilla black talking about it somewhere , ca n't find it though . 
  cave people cooked their meat . 
  also their diet was probably heavy in fibre , as meat is hard to come by and would be favoured by those who could catch it . 
  those who could n't mostly had to make do with nuts , seeds and berries , which is a pretty shitty existence , sorry vegans . 
  humans have been cooking meat for so long that we have evolved to be able to less able to handle the raw form , that said , in our more primitive state we did n't evolve to eat stuff like cow ( or it 's wild ancestor ) , and more likely consisted off vegetation , insects , and smaller animals . 
  do n't believe me , eat a stake raw , steak tartar is quite delicious , but it will move through your intestines very quickly . 
  you 're talking way back then , back to when humans were n't even a homogeneous species and there were still neanderthals around . 
  back then it was probably just eating small animals that people could catch and kill with clubs and rocks . 
  honestly surprising little is known about the time between humans being much more ape like and the rise of civilisation a mere handful of millennia ago . 
  when we went from a more animalistic state to hunter gathers with rudimentary tool usage ( and with it the ability to make fire ) , is n't that clear . 
  it might 've been that fire had to be invented many many times , as knowledge did n't propagate in the same way as it does when you have civilisation . 
  i think they were going for mid-western bumpkin style . 
  the woman who says that line sounds like she trying to copy speech of dorothy in the wizard of oz . 
  `` you 're just the rudest man '' is n't something modern americans would say , but it does sound like something american in the mid 20th century would say . 
  maybe they though it would be funnier if they gave them campy silly accents , or maybe the actors they hired were so poor at the american accent that they just went with something humorous . 
  aussies have their own lad culture . 
  they 're not all like that . 
  just the all male groups that go on lad type holidays . 
  ireland is the same . 
  most people leave at some point or the other . 
  everywhere in europe you 'll find aussies and irish . 
  point is neither ireland or australia offer that much . 
  ireland is simply too tiny with only one real city ( compared to major countries ) . 
  australia is more populace but it does n't have a huge diversity of culture across the island . 
  that 's not to say that australia is not diverse , sure they have plenty of different cultures mixing on the island to mean it 's not a monoculture , but as you said , the cities are that different , they 're all just australian cities with similar mixes of cultures . 
  the us and the big european countries convince people that they do n't need to leave as much ( which is kind sad because everyone should live abroad i think ), 
  lol you believe that shit ? 
  the government literally has the power to take us into wars with 90 % disapproval rating . 
  all we can do is vote them out in the next election . 
  servant of the people is bs, 
  wow , adam ruins everything is getting really desperate . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  tranquilliser darts are just as effective on humans as they are on animals . 
  you just estimate their weight and set the dosage accordingly . 
  sure you might end up killing or harming a percentage of them , but that 's just part of the deal . 
  tranquillisers can and do kill and harm animals all the time . 
  it 's obviously not something used in place of anaesthetic , it 's a nuclear option .
