  you 'd also get in trouble for wearing your coat inside the school buildings . 
  then again reading some of these posts it makes me think my school was n't that crazy at all . 
  we were allowed to run around and use stairs , fights in which nobody was seriously harmed usually only ended in a detention . 
  we were most allowed to be kids . 
  all in all it seems like that 's not the case for some people ... 
  it 's true , but the only thing i would say in defence is that class is not really dictated by birth so much . 
  sure if you are born to upper class parents then you will find it much easier to fall into that niche but it 's really a matter of lifestyle and attitude . 
  working class people are often proud to be so , it means you value hard work and enjoying yourself in an unsophisticated way , being middle class is about trying to be more of a cultural , intellectual type that works with their mind rather than their body . 
  nobody is excluded , it 's probably harder for a middle class person to find acceptance in the lower class than vice versa . 
  working class people are proud to take holidays in places full of nightclubs and drinking , middle class people go to the south of france to brush up their ( usually awful ) spoken french and enjoy fine wine . 
  it 's like this because people love their identities . 
  other countries seem to take a middle ground where nobody picks a side . 
  but it does exist everywhere , you will always have your uneducated labourers with no interest in culture or study , and you young aspirational professionals with their masters degrees and love of culture . 
  all in all it 's not 100 % discriminatory , the working class have their own culture . 
  they do not want to be in a different class . 
  if they get rich it does n't make them change their class necessarily . 
  often the bosses of company are more working class than the people they employ because they 're the ones that wagered and made the company whilst the middle class people just stuck to education and ordinary employment . 
  it 's a complicated cultural feature . 
  it 's funny because in the uk the people who actually pronounce the - r , people from the south west ( think hot fuzz ) , and one northern town called blackburn , are the ones that get asked to say these words . 
  no cash bars seems weird to me . 
  in the uk people usually just but a few thousand pounds behind the bar and when it runs out people have to pay again . 
  or they do something like , soft drinks , wine , beer , gin and vodka are free but other stuff you have to pay for , with a set amount of champagne bought priorly available at a different table . 
  i do n't see why anyone should have to pay for that arsehole who wants to drink 15 pound glasses of single malt all night . 
  england here : you 're basically just us except without so much fancy culture and the posh people . 
  you also have a lot of silly sounding regulations because the government does n't trust you to behave yourselves . 
  you say cunt even more than we do which is already a lot . 
  you 're genetically suited to bar work which is why you 're always behind the bars in our pubs . 
  like us you 're all alcoholics but more the crazy kind and less of the depressed types . 
  you should love the queen and we get jealous when you side with america on stuff . 
  in the uk : often-times and gotten , not for a few hundred years i think . 
  i agree with it 100 % . 
  sadly our colonial legacy has left us with a handful of bigots who think they should be given a fat pay cheque for a shit job and want a protectionist culture around their jobs . 
  they think their nationality gives them the birthright not to have to compete with other countries and they all vote ukip demonising the thousands of hard working immigrants that come here in favour of extolling the actions a few bad eggs . 
  if people like this want britain to be great again then they need to realise it only comes through working to make it so instead of playing the blame game . 
  trouble is we do n't , we just have a very loud and annoying minority to want something to blame for any woes they might have , even with the british economy doing better . 
  oh do fuck off . 
  we 're very unlikely to leave . 
  we 've paid plenty of money into the eu . 
  germany really does over dominate the eu , they have some rather shitty ideas half the time . 
  most uk people are n't even anti eu , although we do resent how germany with france as their bitch force so much shit through . 
  and i suppose germany is super powerful ? 
  the uk is still one of the world 's leading economies . 
  it has a right to a say in the eu but is constantly getting out numbered by germany , france . 
  our only friend is holland . 
  i would never leave the eu but the discourse between the uk and the other main eu powers is always one of belligerence and dismissal . 
  `` silence those cunts '' i think you need to look further into how a liberal democracy functions . 
  eu members should stop taking the voice of a minority as the voice of an entire nation . 
  a bunch of idiots who have no grasp about world affairs getting their knickers in a twist . 
  ill-educated morons blaming the eu for every problem . 
  there was a kind of shitty recalculation of what britain must pay which was n't handled well by brussels though , and the anti-brigade are twisting it to suit their independence agenda . 
  love the unsubtle racism and judging people by their grammar . 
  who * btw ... one of those who *, 
  til the ceo of j.p morgan does n't know the difference between advice and advise . 
  this video is an abortion, 
  that is the dumbest idea ever . 
  we 'd be left guessing how big each countries gdp was relative to each other based on their presumed geographic size . 
  this is clear and simple.gdp = how big the country is , the reason uk and japan look big is because the gdp is high . 
  i 'm sorry but the video made me cringe , tribbles and neil degrasse tyson memes ? 
  jj abrahms and benedict cumberbatch ... omg such geek . 
  it 's all so cutesy and `` alternative '' . 
  i 'm sure your video will find its market with like minded folk . 
  your loss ... canada was founded through british ingenuity . 
  we have a shared legacy going back to time immemorial . 
  the us is just yet another one of our wayward children . 
  everyone moans about the royals but the history is part of your blood , not just british blood but european blood , the royal families of europe being all interlinked . 
  i think its just fashionable to be dismissive of this historical legacy in favour of modern ideals , personally i do n't see why ca n't embrace the both history and the future simultaneously . 
  thankfully there are still some canadians that remember 1812 and do n't want to just be a cultural carbon copy of the yanks . 
  and here was i thinking that cocksmanship was what the fellow who shouted at rowers during a boat race did ... 
  i hope this a joke . 
  what 's your problem ? 
  it is literally a part of england . 
  if it was an english colony in the us it would n't be literally part of england , it would be constitutionally or legally part of england . 
  you must be living in a dream world if you think literally means governmentally . 
  you 've got it completely backwards . 
  because you said `` much nicer than most places in london '' , rather than `` nicer than most the places in london '' , so it would suggest you think bristol is in london ? 
  perfect analogy , when you 're like 20 you distance yourself from your parents and are dismissive of them as old folks and strike out on your own . 
  but when you 're 40 your realise that they 're only ties left to your ancestry , that they defined you for better and for worse in ways you could n't even comprehend in your youth , and then you are glad you did n't dissemble any remaining ties in a blas\u00e9 fit of youthful exuberance . 
  america might give you your tv programmes and films , but we gave you your entire language , the foundation of your legal system and governmental system , if you think that 's irrelevant fair enough , but i do n't see how it can ever be so . 
  an important distinction imo but evidently not one with which reddit agrees . 
  if that 's how you want it , but do n't come crying when your uncle starts interfering with your private areas and making you swear allegiance to his flag whilst force feeding your cheetos and mountain dew , you 've been warned . 
  such beauty, 
  christ ... yes it does . 
  if i pick up a piece of soil from england and carry to france in my pocket i literally have a piece of england in my pocket . 
  england is first and foremost a place made of rock and earth not an abstract sovereignty . 
  what is there not to get here , in this case literally means that same as physically , it does n't get more literal than that , the stone in new york is literally a piece of england they moved to new york . 
  parts , bits , pieces are physical things not sovereign territories . 
  martinique is n't `` literally '' part of france , it 's an overseas region , if it were literally part of france there would no need to call it an overseas region because it would be physically attached to france with no sea in between . 
  you are getting downvoted because you 're wrong , deal with it . 
  because it 's unwise to broadcast that both you and a celebrity broke the law on national television despite the fact that 95 % of people could n't give less of a shit ? 
  it 's the news , people in their nineties watch it ... 
  i do n't think you understand there 's a difference between someone 's personal opinion and what is permitted in a professional role . 
  thanks for that valuable insight . 
  yes the nation renown for its dry humour and sarcasm does n't know how to do sarcasm ... ( perhaps your sarcasm is simply so inferior is does n't even get recognised as such ), 
  hilariously, 
  you should see a doctor about that stick up your arse pal . 
  most of us still give primacy to the land on which our nations were build . 
  i suppose rupert brooke was a fucking idiot who should 've know better when he said `` if i should die , think only this of me ; . 
  that there 's some corner of a foreign field . 
  that is for ever england . 
  there shall be .
