  but yeah sure a bunch of hoodrats shooting out in public over selling crack to other hoodrats are clearly more hardcore . 
  really all the showy off fronting culture of american gangs is nothing more than the comical decadence of a bunch of illiterate small time morons less interested in business than they should be and far less afraid of being silently and professionally murdered in their sleep by some ex-military goon than they would be elsewhere in the world . 
  to be fair , i think i much prefer the european approach to crime . 
  you know the joke about how if a bullet got 5000 dollars people would n't care so much about people getting shot because they must really deserve it . 
  well there is an element of truth to it . 
  serious criminals in europe can still acquire guns when they want to , you ca n't stop that . 
  you also know how the pro-gun lobby says that if only serious criminals can get guns and regular joes ca n't then it gives the criminals more power , well that is true in a way too , but overall it leads to a better state of affairs . 
  because when you think about it the most serious criminals are looking to run their businesses without unnecessary complications , not fighting turf wars drawing lots of attention . 
  in europe the real players run things and eliminate any competition as discreetly as possible , the young angry street toughs go out beating each other with clubs with the occasional stabbing . 
  what you ( virtually ) do n't have is drive by shootings , armed irrational wannabes who only care about their reputation , or open displays of criminality and dominance on street corners . 
  in almost all cases , even in the poorest of areas of the uk , the worst a regular person is going to get is beaten up by a bunch of hoodlums , nobody 's going to a pull a gun on you over a wallet/phone . 
  if someone gets killed it 's more than likely because they 're a criminal too . 
  not because some nobody crack smoking tough guy though they were disrespectful or did n't like their face . 
  as a regular guy do n't experience anything like the danger in any areas that would compare the nastier ghettos in the us . 
  crime in the us feels overall more chaotic and irrational , anyone can get a gun and be on an equal level provided their willing to pull the trigger . 
  more chaotic means more collateral damage , more bystanders getting hurt and crime is much more visible effecting the lives of people who do n't deserve it . 
  better to let the real crooks discreetly run their drugs , prostitution and whatever behind closed doors , and keep guns out of the reach of feral teenage punks with something to prove . 
  you 're a moron for believing that shit . 
  life has never been this utopian level playing field you want it to be . 
  i hope you get reincarnated with a disability earlier in history so you can enjoy becoming as successful as you want to be ... 
  makes me glad of four weeks paid vacation a year !, 
  for more this desire basically went away as an adult . 
  as a kid i loved chocolate and sweets , these days if i wanted to indulge i 'd want a burger with bacon and cheese , not some sickly sweet stuff that will make you feel funny after a few bites . 
  i hate this attitude of dangerous passivity and feel good complacency . 
  you probably are fat , get in the gym , you probably wo n't end up if a great career if you do n't make some hard decisions in life before you 're middle aged . 
  life is short and brutal , take what you want and do n't expect everything to sort itself out . 
  tesco has become increasingly shit in recent years . 
  i used to shop there when i was a naive student because it was convenient . 
  now that i 've had my eyes opened to other supermarkets , and eat a better diet with more structured shopping requirement i can see how crap tesco is . 
  truth is tesco has nothing going for it , it 's not particularly cheap , i 'd say the pricing is very much average . 
  the range of stock is very predictable , all the same old brands that everyone stocks , their shops are generally quite bland and ordinary . 
  what pisses me off the most is that their deals and discounts are just so gimmicky and impractical . 
  when i was younger i 'd just walk down the ends of the aisles and buy whatever was on offer and eat it all week , ending up eating 1/2 price pizza express pizza and chinese ready meals day after day . 
  that just does n't cut it anymore . 
  morrison 's is a god send , it actually offers consistently low prices on actual main food groups that are needed for day to day life . 
  i can buy morrison 's brand bread for like 60p , a store wrapped steak or fish fillet for 2-3 quid , 500g of mince for # 2.50 . 
  even their deals tend to be on more practical stuff like juice , cheese , sausages , frozen pizza or milk . 
  if i want a bit of variety i just go to aldi which is great for meat joints , weird european stuff and booze . 
  tesco can take its half price ready meals and gimmicky discounts on stuff i do n't actually want and stick them up its arse . 
  that 's because what you have in the ghetto is disorganised crime, 
  dubstep , when it was n't even called dubstep was just a weird slowed down bassline stuff to throw in with dnb sets in the uk . 
  oh why did it have to go and get over consumed to the point of being a clich\u00e9 . 
  i want to see this too !, 
  wifi bantz if you ask me, 
  i lived in manchester for a few years , near fallowfield mostly , but imo it 's just not the same in my opinion . 
  yes for a provincial city it has plenty going for it , good variety of nightlife , good music scene , a number of cosmopolitan corners that are worth spending your time in . 
  but qualitatively it 's worse than london for me , i do n't agree that its easier to meet new people there either , when i was there it felt like their was a large split between the student population and the saturday night on the town locals . 
  to me it seems like manchester suffers from a degree of mancentrism , people saying stuff like `` manchester 's got everything '' , raving about how good certain things are when they 're merely okish , there 's lots of good stuff but also a lot of over commercialised crap full of people trying to convince themselves is fantastic . 
  feels a bit like the city is desperately trying to compensate for not being london . 
  personally i prefer the depreciating attitude of a city like brum or leeds , at least there if you make a good find it feels special , rather than expecting greatness and finding something that does n't live up to the hype . 
  as for london there 's a certain buzz that only a city with 8 million people can create , like living in a different country altogether where different rules apply . 
  it also feels like you automatically have more in common with people since virtually everyone is from somewhere else . 
  i 'm sure not everyone will agree but nothing is going to convince me that if i were in london again i 'd be missing out on anything . 
  no you 're ignorant . 
  mainly i never said that you did n't , obviously organised crime is international , but they 're not the ones doing drive bys in the ghetto over who gets to sell on which corner pushing murder rates up so ridiculously high . 
  morals are epistemologically limited . 
  if there was an alien race trying to corrupt humanity from inside and take over the planet to ultimately a eliminate the species you be totally justified by trying to eliminate them . 
  then imagine you 'd been raised to believe that these aliens were jews , you 'd probably think hitler did n't go far enough . 
  where did i say there was less organised crime in the us . 
  are you just reading what you want to hear or something ? 
  talk about ignorance ... 
  i would n't bother unless it starts to look like there 'll really be a referendum on the eu . 
  for now i 'd just be like all sane individuals and hope that never happens . 
   a real street gang consists exclusively of black or hispanic membership , whose leaders are serving life sentences for a whole panoply of fucked up sociopathic acts . 
  please pay attention this is what i was responding to , a guy who thinks gangs are exclusively small time gangbanger hoodrats led by psychos who get caught . 
  [ mandatory mitchell and webb video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=00noob5zgg8 ), 
  within a few months we had reached the final boss of the game at the time illidan . 
  oh what a fight that was , it took weeks of practice and strategising for us to get close . 
  every time we did my heart would be in my mouth praying that this would be the time . 
  every near miss was like a slap in the face . 
  eventually we did it . 
  i 'll never forget that night . 
  it was just a joy to behold . 
  my brother was watching me over my shoulder and even he who was n't in the guild could tell what an exciting time this was . 
  we all sat up chatting on team speak drinking beers until 4am congratulating ourselves and spamming the global chat talking to other players . 
  random low level noobs were sending us pms of congratulations , and we were only the 3rd guild on our game server to achieve this so it 's not even as if it had n't been done before . 
  sadly after that the time game was never the same for me . 
  with no new content for a few months many people took breaks and a few left the game . 
  we had a rush of new lazy recruits who only wanted an easy run to seeing the end of the game . 
  after a couple of months a new level of content was released , even harder than the previous . 
  at first we were all very excited but it 's timing was n't good , because it was at the same time blizzard announced a new up and coming expansion wrath of the lich king . 
  this lead to a difficult state of affairs where many players were taking breaks from the game and others were in a desperate rush to ensure they completed this new super hard content before the new expansion made it redundant . 
  it was also around summer and people 's priorities were changing with good weather , no school and holidays . 
  almost every guild had lost core players in the downtime and needed to fill up their ranks with quality players . 
  but there was no longer the huge influx of players to the game fueling recruitment , just lazy sightseers . 
  we tried though , and pushed ourselves to the limits , however the guild could never quite regain its edge and was having to run a weaker squad than before on what was actually even harder content . 
  we got the first few bosses of this tier down and then we hit a brick wall . 
  whilst before there was always the promise of improvement , now it looked like there was really no way for us to improve , the momentum was gone . 
  it was n't so much about loot but about not having the same number of really dedicated players who we 'd become so accustomed to working with . 
  eventually people started to talk , the top guilds on our server were also suffering with the slow summer . 
  in the end an agreement was made and all the hardcore players from our guild were absorbed into the top guild on the realm in an effort to finish the last tier . 
  i could 've gone with them but for me i knew the party was over . 
  i was too attached to the guild i 'd seen grow from a small group of friends to something far greater than we 'd ever intended . 
  from a bunch of friends messing around to semi-hardcore guild with over 100 members . 
  for me it was never really about the game , but about moving forward with friends and feeling like we 'd done it all by ourselves . 
  joining what we perceived as our rivals for me felt like a failure , even though they succeeded in seeing the final additional tier completed in time . 
  this was n't the end of wow for me . 
  i made an entirely new mage on a new server and exclusively played player vs player until wotlk came out . 
  i realised i had to move on with my life and start socialising in the offline world more and thinking about my education . 
  since then i did briefly go back to wow , played quite a bit of player vs player through the cataclysm expansion and had quite a lot of fun with the few old friends still there .
