  it was a joke that nobody on reddit got :(, 
  yes , i was drinking in the bar and got absorbed into the party by a bunch of rabbis . 
  hang out in the right hotel bars how much hospitality you can get for free if you 're socially capable of chatting to people . 
  brexit should 've been about deporting folks like you to the colonies . 
  i bet you say things like `` bridain '' and `` budder '' , and use words like `` gotten '' and `` normalcy '' too . 
  anywhere ? 
  a new life in n. korea awaits !, 
  i think leave would 've failed if they 'd had some tit like liam fox , or even an unpopular cabinet minister like gove , backing it . 
  boris clinched by representing the devil may care attitude towards conventional wisdom that boris personifies . 
  his ridiculously old school british demeanour , that embodies an apathy towards the opinions of others , was exactly the attitude brexiteers took when they decided to `` take their country back '' despite the whole world watching and telling them it was a stupid idea . 
  fucking normies devaluing my rares with their reposting . 
  your preference for american comedy is the only painful thing here . 
  it does n't bother me really , it was intended as a lighthearted joke about deporting american comedy fans to the colonies . 
  why do you think i have nihilistic beliefs ? 
  i guess you looked at my comment history for material and went for the first you thing found . 
  that was my first and only post in that sub btw :d do n't get what shoreditch has to do with anything , i 've never even been there . 
  i guess you 're trying to implicate that i 'm a hipster or something , whatever lol . 
  i think you 're taking this a little too seriously , i obviously do n't want to deport people for liking us comedy , as lowly as i rate the majority of it . 
  `` are n't these just buzz words that dumb people use to sound important ? '', 
  wanted to say this in so many work environment it 's just not funny . 
  it 's like people who overuse the term `` trope '' . 
  the fact you 've spotted a recurring theme or clich\u00e9 does not make that insight super deep and meaningful just because you call it a `` trope '' . 
  up until quite recently the word `` trope '' had a very specific literary meaning and was rarely used outside academic circles , and the world got by just fine without it . 
   contrary to what you say , i do n't think your first comment was made in jest but whatever . 
  we live in a world of different opinions mate . 
  so i think i earnestly want us comedy fans deported ? 
  seriously ? 
  come on . 
  it was a joke , but never mind . 
  `` all we had to do was follow the damn train , cj ! '', 
  british public schools definitely do do reunions , and have done for decades , they just all them alumni parties . 
  the new thing is simply these `` class of 99 '' reunion style things , especially in the state school system . 
  thing is that people value their lives differently , and when you go to something like this it 's just a shit show of oneupmanship . 
  you 've got the moneyed ones bragging about their financial and business success who think they 're better than everyone , you 've got the successful ones with highly respected jobs like doctors , scientists and `` ethical '' lawyers who think they 're better than the pure money types because they contribute to society , you 've got the cultured academic ones bragging they 've just got a professorship at this university , or about how they 've studied/worked on 3 continents . 
  you 've got the family types judging all the childless couples and singles talking about how wonderful their life is with children and happily they 're married , acting all enlightened as if they 'd cracked the secret of eternal happiness , telling others pleasantries like `` i 'm sure you 'll meet the right person soon '' . 
  you 've got the `` cool '' ones who dress like they were 22 and now live in some cosmopolitan hub and work in media , art , or fashion ( or something like that ) who judge everyone who does n't have a job title like `` creative media director '' or some other ill defined nonsense . 
  you 've got the alternative ones who pretend to reject money entirely claiming to be stuff like artists , tattoo artists , or actors and spend the whole time talking about their `` passions '' and asking other what their `` passions '' are , knowing full well that whatever it is wo n't sound as deep and meaningful of theirs ( but usually these ones just live at home and had to invent something to make themselves seem interesting ) . 
  and of course you 've got cross over between these groups . 
  however everyone seems to be trying to use some currency or other to justify their smugness , and rationalise to themselves why their life is better than other people 's . 
  it 's really fucking stupid and childish . 
  reunions are one of those environment where you realise that adults that really just children who 've stopped hearing the word `` no '' quite so often . 
  i think the only way to really `` win '' is to be an incredibly rich doctor with his own wildly successful practice , who likes to do charity work on the side , with a degree in philosophy he attained in his spare time , whose managed to travel all over the world ( despite the years of medical school ) , happily married with 3 children ( all in private education ) by the time he 's 30 . 
  he also has a side job in creative media appearing as a tv doctor , and also finds time to paint conceptual art that is in demand in galleries and sells for a lot of money . 
  also you care strongly about the environment , eat entirely organic food , are vegan , are a member of a local championship winning amateur sports team , and are highly active in the local church community . 
  only then will nearly every single person be unable to one up you , and you 're still going to get someone judging you for not being `` blue collar '' enough , or being too `` conventional '' , or because you never volunteered in africa . 
  dress modestly and tastefully ? 
  the flash types will judge you to be less affluent than them . 
  dress in a designer suit with a rolex ? 
  the modest types will consider you bad taste . 
  do n't drink or only have a little bit ? 
  to the drinking crowd you must be a bore . 
  drink , have fun , and do n't worry about it ? 
  the sober crowd will think you 're irresponsible . 
  live a long way from your hometown ? 
  oh you think you 're better than the community you grew up in . 
  live locally still ? 
  oh you 're just a bumpkin who never had the courage to fly the coup and test yourself in the big city or abroad . 
  you literally can not win in these judgement environments , so imagine how it must feel if you 're just a regular average schmoe working in it and living a few miles from where you grew up ? 
  i 'm not surprised nobody really wants to go to reunions to be honest . 
  seems the people who are most likely to go are the ones who are smug about their life and want to play comparison with other people who are smug about their lives , only to inevitably conclude that they 're better regardless . 
  i think people just become obsessed with the concept and start seeing tropes every . 
  they 've obviously never understood the expression `` there are only a few good stories '' , because every piece of literature , theatre , television , or film , from the iliad to the latest blockbuster is just a variation on a theme . 
  of course there are recurring ideas , you 're not big and clever just for pointing them out . 
  it does n't mean writers are unoriginal . 
  when you start this people are n't happy with the main `` tropes '' . 
  they 're turning every-fucking-thing into one . 
  it needs to stop . 
  realistically though i 'm sick of pensions being a sacred cow . 
  if the older generation really want brexit then they should be willing to face cuts to their pension , and not just sectors like education or the arts that are always the first to get hammered whenever the country has to tighten its belt . 
  yes it 's almost always free or you get something like 2000 free texts a month . 
  it 's so unimportant these days it 's impossible to find a contract with an sms limit that a normal person could go over . 
  messenger fucking sucks though . 
  we use whatsapp at my workplace because everyone has each others numbers and therefore everyone is able to message one another . 
  i do n't want to add all my colleagues on facebook . 
  facebook also has a lot of absurd emojies , a like button , and keeps throwing up that annoying thing pop up when someone messages you . 
  the group chat function is also way way better on whatsapp . 
  i mean i do use both , and messenger does have the advantage of only requiring a name to get in touch , which is a bit more social , since you do n't need to exchange numbers . 
  overall i think whatsapp is better . 
  it would nice if you could use a username rather than a number though . 
  originally it was pronounced nevvew . 
  we need a real time square-click heat map , imagine how funny it would be seeing people trying to draw dick-butt while others desperately tried to stop them . 
  county is not that much of big deal in the uk . 
  for sports that are based on county people care . 
  in most counties you can find regional based products at some tourist attractions and stuff , like you might find a keyring with the county arms and name on it in a tourist shop . 
  that 's about it . 
  people tend to have a more tribal allegiance to their region ( se , sw , w midlands , e midlands , east anglia , nw , ne ) . 
  within these regions the rivalry tends to be minor since they 're generally very similar . 
  however , generally you get more intense local rivalries between towns and cities that are very close to each other e.g newcastle-sunderland , manchester-liverpool , birmingham-black country . 
  more than you 'd get rivalry between further away places , e.g manchester-nottingham . 
  i would say for the most though , when faced with people from a long way away most people side with their region , and their personal local rivalries only come out amongst themselves , but based mostly on the town rather than the county . 
  it 's that weird mentality of `` we love to hate on the town over , but they 're still `` our '' town over '' which makes them more relatable than someone from 100 miles away , even if we pretend to hate their guts . 
  county ultimately always comes behind regional and city . 
  you also have to realise that the counties of england have been changed quite a lot over the past 100 years , because population growth demanded new regions with their own local councils be made to meet their needs . 
  interestingly you 'll probably see more cultural similar within the ceremonial counties of england going back hundreds of years than you 'll see between any of the recently made counties . 
  in my opinion your employability is barely affected by the referendum result . 
  the thing is , if you 're working a low paid part time job whilst in education , nobody cares how long you stay , loads of people take those jobs for just a few months and then quit them when something better comes along so to this kind of employer long term prospects are n't a huge concern , as long as they think they can get a few productive months out of you they wo n't care . 
  as for more serious jobs , nobody is expecting anyone doing a job to lose their right to work and live in the uk , even in a nuclear hard brexit , everyone already living and working here would probably be put on a work visa . 
  the uk government has absolutely zero interest in kicking anyone out ( despite a minority of racists and xenophobes thinking that that was what brexit was about ) . 
  the only people who are at risk of losing their right to reside if a hard brexit happens are neet eu migrants who depend on the the benefit system , and possible seasonal and casual workers too . 
  as for flats i would n't worry about that at all .
