  then again series two episode 1 and 3 were the best so far in my opinion . 
  you ca n't expect every episode to be so good but i think people expect it now because the episodes are so few and far between . 
  oooo well is n't someone an uppity cunt today . 
  except burning down your precious white house and giving you a few good kickings in the north and watching you scramble south for safety . 
  it was n't even a war , more of a light spanking for messing with our canadian buddies . 
  pride is lame though . 
  you mean the war nobody in the uk supported or cared about ? 
  oh yeah that one . 
  stop reading edl propaganda moron . 
  is that what they teach you in buttfuck alabama ? 
  cute . 
  we did n't tax the the shit out of you we upped taxes because you started a war which we had to back you up over , removing the french from america so you would n't have to put up with their shit . 
  most of the british public was against the war with the us , this is evidenced by the fact as soon as the general elections rolled round the opposition party , the whigs , who opposed the war were voted in and britain immediately sued for peace . 
  the british public were sick of the never ending problems in the americas , bewildered at why you would pay customs duty but not parliamentary taxes when you clearly benefited from british protection . 
  moreover britain could profit almost as easily from their interests in the americas through having the us as a trading partner . 
  it actually made no sense of fight the us was pretty much only done because the conservative government wanted to reinforce the rule of parliament as absolute . 
  furthermore nowhere near the full extent of british military capacities were mobilised against the us . 
  it 's sad how you glorify your history as a significant world event when really it was only a sideline . 
  british power did n't even peak til much later and to say that britain was n't number one is pretty retarded . 
  america remained a backwater until the later victorian period , and only really exceeded the uk in the first part of 20th century . 
  i 'm not the one making stupid statements like . 
   i do n't care what chefs have to deal with , my father was a chef . 
  you seem really pissed off about something , and nobody gives a shit what your father 's vocation was . 
  sit down son , wind your neck in , i 'm sure you 're not a bad person but you 're coming across a right old cunt . 
  dear god that thread is a train wreck . 
  the funny thing is that this is what so many of the people over in murica believe , they do n't get the parody thing at all . 
  at least over here we know most americans are n't retarded , but probably 90 % of the people frequenting that thread take it seriously . 
  i mean come on ? 
  marshall plan - yes because america would have loved to have an economically weakened war ravaged europe as its main ally and first line of defence against the soviets . 
  the us in no way benefited from the post ww2 economic stimulus it received , the post war era was not an economically good time in america . 
  protected the west from the soviets - yep , it was all the us , the democratic european countries in no way assisted here . 
  again it would have been far more in the us 's interest to let europe alone and risk an even more powerful soviet union . 
  eu conflicts - oh yeah real war mongers the eu . 
  damn them . 
  hooligans and racism - yes , clearly a few racist football fans kicking shit out of each other and making monkey noises at footballers is comparable to the institutionalised racism that allows places like detroit and new orleans to exist . 
  freedom of speech - yep , because telling people to kill each other should totally be covered under freedom of speech . 
  and of course with the amazing whistle blower culture in the us the type of free speech that actually matters is clearly considered important , it in no way causes mass nationalistic witch hunts with people having to move to russia . 
  culture - oh you mean those all american icons like the beatles and the rolling stones , black sabbath and ac/dc ? 
  oh you mean more modern stuff like edm , dubstep ? 
  popular artists like mumford and sons and adele , one direction and justin bieber ? 
  falklands - yes , defending a small island with an army base , which almost universally wants to remain british , that had been invaded by a right wing dictatorship is terrible . 
  british liberating britons from dictators ? 
  imperialism !, 
  americans liberating countries it has nothing to do with from dictators under false pretences ? 
  spreading democracy !, 
  liberia anyone ? 
  america should be more socialist - yeah , because having such a large percentage of your population below the poverty line whilst being a high gdp nation is n't at all backwards and embarrassing . 
  we 're such shits for having empathy towards the impoverished americans , it 's obviously because we do n't know how to pull ourselves up from our bootstraps . 
  us responsibility to handle crisis - is it now ? 
  is that why there was so much support for all the us wars in the last 50 years . 
  we were begging you to sort the middle east out . 
  the un is clearly irrelevant . 
  europe not fighting for itself - is that why the us loses its shit whenever there is talk of creating an eu military ? 
  doing everything in its power to keep acting as hegemon and keeping other places demilitarised ? 
  biggest number of refugees and foreign aid - despite taking in less refugees and spending less on foreign aid per capita than most european nations . 
  but well done on having a big population i guess . 
  religion - lol, 
  responsible for wars - yes it was totally our fault , especially ww2 , nothing to do with hitler or the nazis , we had it coming . 
  verge of economic collapse ? 
  - er . . are we ? 
  i do n't remember hearing about that . 
  maybe it 's some made up bullshit spread by hardcore republican blogs . 
  i seem to remember that the us was one of the worst culprits in the economic recession too . 
  not really though . 
  you can bring up studies that investigate how we functionally perceive colour , whether people differ regarding how in tune they are with the frequencies of light that hits their retinas . 
  the qualia question though is entirely to do with the subjective quality of experience rather than anything functional that an be quantified . 
  it 's simply a question that can not be answered empirically , or at least , we have no idea how we would go about answering such a question empirically . 
  i do n't see your point at all ? 
  rock n roll was influenced by jazz and blues , which was influenced by african music , does that mean it was founded in africa ? 
  house was influenced by synth which was popular in asia and europe , again not american . 
  i was n't saying that no music comes out america i was saying to say that most modern music was founded in the us is arrogant and retarded . 
  music is a constant evolution , with contributions coming from all over the world . 
  yeah it 's an oatmeal and raisin cookie . 
  to be a cookie in the uk it has to be made of cookie dough type stuff and have something in it . 
  you 've probably never had a smarties cookie the us , and for i feel nothing but pity for you . 
  we also have strange anglicised cookies that are drier and crunchier than the typical us cookie , they 're pretty good but generally the cheaper alternative to a big american style cookie . 
  all in all it 's pretty clear when you 're dealing with a cookie and when you 're dealing with a biscuit . 
  you would have a hard time finding a us style biscuit in the uk , you 'd probably have to go to an international supermarket or speciality shop , buy the mix and cook it yourself . 
  it just seems wrong to mix doughy stuff with gravy to us . 
  and the main error there be that you 're drinking milk . 
  nobody does that past the age of 10 here . 
  have n't you heard of tea ? 
  it 's been explained so many times in this thread . 
  in the uk cookie just means american style cookie made of cookie dough with something like raisins or chocolate chips in it . 
  it 's a sub class of biscuit . 
  biscuits are all the other varieties . 
  your weird american biscuits you eat with gravy do n't exist in the uk . 
  this is incorrect . 
  american biscuits are n't like scones really , they 're like savoury scones made with baking soda that you put gravy on . 
  they look similar but taste very different . 
  yeah and you should start learning spanish because mexicans are taking over yours right ? 
  no , wrong , retard . 
  no i do n't get you . 
  you to be defending an indefensible position which is retarded . 
  elvis most likely had direct influences outside the us too , and what about all the us bands that were later influenced by the beatles . 
  trying to claim that the us is the originator of these things is just ridiculous . 
  i know it 's not true . 
  the only instances of `` sharia law '' in the uk are as follows , people who go to a unsanctioned `` sharia court '' that holds no actual legal authority because they are muslims and agree with follow what it decides . 
  this is no different to how hasidic jews in the us might consult a rabbi to settle their differences rather than involve themselves with in the an actual legally binding court case because they are both devout and will do what the rabbi says . 
  the other case of what you could call `` sharia law '' are a tiny minority of angry disgruntled muslim youths in a few urban heavily muslim ghettos who threaten people for drinking beer too near their mosque and shout at white girls calling them `` sluts '' or `` whores '' , mostly out of jealously since they know they 'll never taste that forbidden fruit , unless they 're covered up .
