  you know what that would achieve ? 
  it would make the economy collapse . 
  ultimately unlimited money is a dangerous tool . 
  all you really have is ability to make money out of thin air . 
  every time you create it each dollar becomes worth a little less . 
  if you make too much all you do is devalue the currency . 
  creating enough money to pay of the us national debt would just trigger hyperinflation . 
  for the currency you have to have real value behind it you need it to be backed by economic growth , this means more good and services and growing demand for them . 
  if this magic ability did come with some ability to boost the economy in an unlimited fashion , say for every unit of currency you created it was backed by economic growth , it would make sense for you to never stop printing money to be honest , just make trillions upon trillions of dollars and you 'd quickly turn the entire world into some kind of futuristic utopia where all your needs are met and there 's a total abundance of everything . 
  however , paying off your national debt would n't particularly help anything . 
  people just do n't seem to understand is that national debt in a sense more of a metric of the economic condition of a country . 
  having a national debt is often better than not having a debt . 
  think about it , if there were n't some benefit to having one , why would governments , who have sovereign power over their own laws and also have armies and police forces to back up that power , allow themselves to be in debt ? 
  the debt is a good system . 
  if you want to complain about your government 's economic policy , the rate of inflation , interest rates etc. 
  go ahead , but the national debt is n't a bad thing at all . 
  there 's no situation where it makes sense to `` pay it off '' , only slow its growth , which be indicative that the government is doing good things and more efficiently stimulating the economy with your tax dollars . 
  oh i get it , it 's a joke . 
  there 's just a big motorbike culture in brum , going all the way back to the post-war period and the days of mods and rockers . 
  brum was very much `` rocker '' territory , and people seen with suits and mopeds could actually get beaten up in the wrong areas . 
  naturally brum has a large white working class population , mostly based in those poorer areas that lie further from the city centre . 
  brum certainly deserves its reputation for diversity , it 's easy to miss that despite that beyond it 's more urban core lie vast swathes of bland poorer working class suburbia . 
  working class communities where the legacy of brum 's vehicle manufacturing history remain strong , even now they economy has moved on . 
  i know bikers in brum that have connections to this culture , and it 's mostly fuelled by 50-60 year old guys ( and often their sons ) looking for a way to relive their glory days , now having the disposable income and spare time to indulge such fantasies . 
  the `` gangs '' are mostly full of such people , only really playing at criminality and enjoying a sense of rivalry with other organisations like the hell 's angels ( brum is outlaws i think ) . 
  go down to stratford upon avon in warwickshire on any sunday in the summer and you 'll see the streets lined with motorbikes and the pubs full of ageing `` bad asses '' with group affiliation patches sown to their jackets . 
  because the government does n't actually want to reduce immigration , silly . 
  there is no real incentive to do so . 
  business does n't want it either . 
  the only people who do n't want immigration are people who do n't really have a big stake in the uk 's economic progress and just do n't like hearing polish or seeing dark faces on the way from asda to the post office . 
  most benefit systems around the world actually require that you to pay in . 
  in germany for example , you pay into unemployment insurances automatically , and when you lose your job you can have about a year on a decent unemployment benefit that essentially pays back out . 
  the non-contributory benefit is called hartz iv , and that barely pays any more than jsa , and is the same kind of deal . 
  you are eligible for the german equivalent of house benefit and hartz iv , but other things depend on contributions . 
  that 's not how economies work . 
  seems like you 're just buying into the brexit bullshit to make yourself feel better . 
  which is why britain depends so heavily on a small portion of that service sector that brings in vast amounts of money from overseas , and while it might not `` trickle down '' very efficiently and our own government is loath to tax their best mates over in the city , this naive belief that it wo n't make a difference at all is just absurd . 
  for the financial sector to even function they are dependent on thousands of other industries, 
  what the british middle and working class are going to find out very soon is although they might hate `` benefit scroungers '' , in reality who of the economy of middle england has been on benefits for a very long time now , essentially subsidised by big business , who are picking up their tax burdens and pumping money into their communities through the professional classes . 
  that hairdresser in mansfield can charge 25 quid for a trendy haircut and do decent business because they internal services economy is kept strong by the bigger economic players . 
  if consumer confidence drops , capital inflow for big business drops , unemployment rises , etc. 
  then that same hairdresser is going to find that the real market value of their `` skills '' is much lower than they were previously led to believe . 
  it 's big business that are creating that up range elite spenders and propping up the middle classes from on whom many retailers rely , pushing them into profit . 
  in many ways the lifeblood of the middle english economy at dependent on these higher earners , who are n't just spending money themselves , but also putting money into their kids bank accounts , giving them down payments on mortgages , and allowing them to seem more affluent than they . 
  i 'm not saying this is a good thing , but the brexit solution to economic inequality is a bit like chopping off your foot to get rid of gout , yes , the foot is n't healthy but you might find life without a foot considerably harder than life with gout . 
  it 's not , but nationalisation can help prevent poverty by spreading the cost more evenly across society , allowing impoverished areas to gain better access to jobs and opportunities . 
  just under 50 % of people have a double digit iq . 
  you start by designing a test with a standarised score and a clearly defined results set . 
  then you give that test to people . 
  if almost everyone gets 100 then your test is too easy , if everyone gets 0 then your test is too hard . 
  once you 've got your test to a good place with the majority getting a score in the middle band , and barely anyone scoring 0 and 100 , then you know your test is good . 
  then you test thousands of people across the whole of society and what ever the most common score is then you 've got your median iq . 
  assign that level of a ability a score , in this case 100 , and you 've got a way to test where people fall relative to the rest of society . 
  the irony is that the lions share of people around the world have an iq of 90-110 . 
  even if you only look at people who completely tertiary education , we 're generally only talking 100-120 i believe . 
  yet nobody i 've ever met has claimed to have an iq lower than 115 , and usually it 's fair higher , 130 + at least . 
  the guy i responded to said `` double digit iq '' like it were an insult . 
  in fact , you probably know loads of people with double digit iqs . 
  having an iq of 95 for example would only put you slightly below the average , and such people are generally happy productive functioning members of society , not mouth breathing idiots that steal cars . 
  while such people are probably unlikely to be university professors or medical doctors , they make up such a large chunk of the workforce that i think most people would be surprised at what people with double digit iqs can do , there are no doubt plenty of double digit iq people working in what we 'd considered brainy industries like it , tax , management etc. 
   but free movement pact with can/nz/aus, 
  brits often talk about this like it were a given . 
  brexiteers even make out like the eu is preventing us from having tighter commonwealth relations ( which is partly because they often falsely believe that the uk could n't handle more immigration as we 're already bursting at the seams with poles and muslims getting free houses while britons wait years , or because they falsely believe that those damn `` unelected '' brussels bureaucrats wo n't allow it ) . 
  in reality , we do n't have such a relationship with nations like canada , australia , and nz because they do n't particularly want to have such a relationship with us . 
  nor do i think the uk government is that keen to have such a relationship with them . 
  i 'm not saying it could never happen . 
  but arranging such a deal with be a huge amount of work , and each party would have to be confident that they would have net benefit overall from such a deal , which is obviously hard to convince them of . 
  people do n't seem to understand what opening labour markets between countries can do . 
  suddenly you might start losing key sectors to other nations . 
  what would nz do when half it 's young people decide to up sticks and move somewhere else for most of their 20s ( as they are already doing i 'll add ) , because nz ca n't offer the same diversity or excitement as major cities like sydney , london , and toronto ? 
  what happens when tonnes of highly skilled australian and canadian financial sectors up sticks and move to london because the job opportunities are greater ? 
  what about when the uk starts losing its north sea oil skill base to places like edmonton and calgary because there 's simply more demand for their talents out there ? 
  the employer sponsored visa system works well help countries keep their talent and keep their competitive edge . 
  it is designed ensure the government has a tight leash on who is and is n't allowed into the country , and that only those with needed skills are allowed in . 
  within the eu freedom of movement was possible because of the political union that tries to safeguard the economic interest of each member state , and puts money into poorer areas in an attempt to rebalance wealth disparity between areas ( see cornwall , wales etc ) . 
  actually nz has brain drain and as well as youth drain , but given their situation they probably feel they get more out of having access to the australian employment market than they lose . 
  nz is a tiny place i 'll add with fewer people than scotland . 
  they could well argue that this is a problem nz would be facing regardless of the arrangement with australia too , as the country is so small and isolated the incentives for nationals to spend a portion of their life living elsewhere is great enough that people would find a way to do it anyway . 
  furthermore , this agreement did n't come about over night , it would 've been a serious commitment of the nz and australian governments to make it viable , and assure each other that there would n't be any terrible economic ramifications for either country . 
  i 'm not saying commonwealth freedom of movement is impossible . 
  i 'm just saying it would take a great deal for the uk , canadian , australian , nz ( and probably ireland too thinking about since the uk already has an agreement there ) , to become comfortable with the idea , and implement it . 
  there are so many factors . 
  how is the us going to react if canada allows these people in ? 
  if the us thinks it will lose out from canada doing such a deal you can be sure they 'll do their best to impede it at every step , what about the security risk ? 
  this is the country that has a huge amount of investment in canada and has very powerful lobby groups within it . 
  getting a deal like this going would take decades , not years . 
  edit : i do like the idea of teaching more philosophy , economics etc. 
  in schools . 
  personally i think the subjects of general education need a complete rethink . 
  the old system of teaching subjects like maths , english lit , history , geography etc. 
  all separately is a completely outdated system . 
  i 'd be in favour of much broader system with fewer subjects . 
  it should just be something like numeracy ( maths , finance , mathematical elements of economics , application of mathematics in science , formal logic , information technology ) , literacy ( english literature , english language , critical thinking , reading comprehension and writing skills ) , society ( philosophy , history , economics , constitutional studies ) , natural science ( physics , chemistry , biology , geography ) , global studies ( foreign languages , cultural studies , geopolitics ) , creative studies ( art , music , poetry , creative writing ) , pe ( health , fitness , sport and sports science ), 
  that leaves you with just 7 subjects to teach all the way through ( and that 's including pe ) , and honestly i think the british educational system would benefit from this hugely , and preferably it would be a system than ran into a-levels as well , with everyone taking 6 subjects at the end to bring the system more inline with the international standard . 
  as kids went through the system they could take more specialised tracks within each subject . 
  a french track within global studies for example , which would result in them having an a-level like level of french by the time they left school . 
  tracks could also be weighted , so someone could take `` double maths '' once they turn 16 , which would see them doing the equivalent of both the pure maths and economic track , and only having to do a minimal amount of work in a different subject , for example creative studies then becomes a supplementary component . 
  this would hopefully make the british educational system more like the ib , not to mention improve the number of students eligible to study in universities abroad . 
  we need to stop thinking about teaching `` subjects '' and start thinking about teaching practical and academic skills . 
  each subject should be measured in terms of what students are able to achieve at the end of it rather than what they `` know '' .
