  us airlines are just some of the worst in the world , they are the comcasts of the aviation world . 
   they think homosexuality is ok , but then you 've got to be celibate, 
  to go into more depth here . 
  in my experience the position is that if you 're going to be a gay priest then you 're expected to celibate while being a priest , in the same way that a unmarried straight priest is expected to be celibate , as god 's official position is that sex should n't happen outside of marriage apparently . 
  having had sex with same sex partners before finding god does not preclude one from being a priest , as the whole point of christianity is that forgiveness and salvation can be found by anyone , at least in the eyes of these christians . 
  if jesus can forgive a tax collector then he can forgive a homosexual . 
  for church members they take the position that ideally gay members would not engage in sexual activities with men , again because it would occur outside of marriage , but this is much the same as the expectation for straight members not to engage in sex before marriage . 
  it 's something that the vast majority of members do n't follow , and only the truly devout take seriously . 
  gay marriage does exist in the coe of course , but many members of the clergy see as just an `` earthly marriage '' , rather than a heavenly marriage . 
  so while the two people may be married , in the eyes of god they still commit sin when they have sex , as sex is meant to be solely for the purpose of creating life . 
  two men , or women , spending their lives together simply because they enjoy one another 's company is of course just fine in god 's eyes , and priests should really understand that better than most , of course . 
  even the notion of deep platonic love between same sex couples has a legacy in the christian tradition , it 's just the sex they have problems with . 
  point is that gays are still sinners in the eyes of coe , and marriage does n't make that go away , because while marriage gives god 's blessing to a union , it does n't get you out of the sex is for procreation rule . 
  protestants permit the use of contraception , but that does n't mean they condone sex purely for pleasure , they just think that it 's not a sin for a husband and wife to use contraception if do n't want more children or ca n't afford them , although ideally humans would enter married pairs and go forth and be fruitful . 
  however , virtually everyone who had sex before they got marriage is also a sinner in this regard , and the church teaches that god will still give forgiveness to those who believe in him even if they commit sin . 
  extra-martial sex and homosexuality are comparable in their eyes , unlike in many more conservative churches where a roll in the hay before tie the knot with your opposite sex spouse is considered forgivable but homosexuality is a deadly sin that will get you ousted from the church . 
  then again , you do have churches for with both sex before marriage and homosexuality with get you kicked out , they might be very intolerant but at least they 're consistent . 
  the reality is that in order for your language skills to be of any real use it must be better than the level of the person you 're working with 's english . 
  the person you 're working with most likely works in english constantly , because they 're not just working with brits in english , but also the rest of europe . 
  unless your german is c1 + then it 's still going to be easier to get work done in english , as that 's the level german with an important job that depends on using english will have . 
  that basically means someone who might have mild foreign accent and occasionally say things like `` i went for a long time to france '' or `` if i would do that '' but they 're otherwise grammatically perfect with vocabulary easily as large as the average brit on the street . 
  german skills are useful if you want to live and work in germany , because you ca n't hide in a bubble of educated multilinguals if you live there , but in business it 's almost impossible to escape this bubble , as you 're working almost exclusively with educated individuals who have known the value of english for their career trajectory since they were children . 
  if britain wants to sell services to smaller germany companies german speakers are useful of course , but why would they employ britons who 've learnt german as a second language over actual germans , people who inevitably understand the nuance and dialectical diversity of the language far better than even most fluent 2nd language german speakers . 
  if you were a small business owner in scunthorpe who would you trust and bond with more , a german accented person speaking very good english , or a friendly geordie accent ? 
   70 % ue people, 
  union european ? 
  then it 's `` wir sprechen gut deutsch '' as `` deutsch '' is adverbial . 
  that correction is n't as funny after someone claims to speak good german though . 
  the latter source is in german , both explain how `` deutsch sprechen '' is not capitalised because it functions as an adverb in this case and not a noun . 
  the op i responded to used the noun form , which requires the adjective form not the adverb . 
  both `` ich spreche deutsch '' and `` ich spreche deutsch '' have been considered correct since 2006 , but it still requires either `` ich spreche gutes deutsch '' or `` ich spreche gut deutsch '' . 
  i was wondering when they were going to re-purpose the shleem . 
  no it would be `` gut deutsch '' . 
  this is what we learnt at school anyway , i think it 's one of those things that native speakers do n't really care about but strictly speaking deutsch is n't functioning as a noun here . 
  i think it 's highly likely that there is n't any noise and the sad reality is that the neighbour in question is old and having various health problems keeping her up at night which is causing her to imagine phantom noise . 
  i have an elderly female neighbour and she would n't even answer the door to me when i wanted to check if she was getting hot water in her flat because i was n't getting any in mine . 
  she literally turned off all the lights in her flat after i rang the doorbell in the hope that i would just go away . 
  it 's sad but people get funny when they 're very isolated and getting on a bit . 
   if german was an adjective , it would need a noun to describe , which is lacking in the sentence . 
  that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying `` deutsch '' is an adjective , i 'm saying it 's an adverb . 
   the distinction of gut vs gutes is the difference between an adjective and an adverb . 
  gut describes the german language ( good ) , gutes describes the speaking ( well ) . 
  if you added the word ` language ' to the sentence , then deutsch would stop being a noun and become an additional adjective ( describing what type of language ), 
  i know the distinction between adverbs and adjectives in german extremely well . 
  this is an instance of something completely different . 
  ( edit : you 've got adjectives and adverbs the wrong way around , adjectives have inflected endings unless they 're predicates , adverbs never have inflected endings ) . 
   all sentences need subject verb object . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  verbs can be transitive or intransitive . 
  some can be both . 
  `` er spielt gut '' is still a full sentence . 
  the minimum requirement for a sentence is subject verb , not subject verb object . 
  some verbs demand the reflexive without an object , but many do not . 
  ultimately i 'm just repeating what my source says and what we learnt in german class . 
  in english we say, 
  `` he speaks good german ''  subject / verb / adjective / object, 
  `` he speaks german well ''  subject / verb / object / adverb . 
  in german , strictly speaking , you say :, 
  `` er spricht gut deutsch ''  subject / verb / adverb / adverb, 
  edit :, 
   gut describes the german language ( good ) , gutes describes the speaking ( well ), 
  scratch that , reverse it . 
  you seem to have got your adjectives and your adverbs the wrong way around , maybe that 's why you 're confused by this . 
  lol it started as a joke but turned into an in depth discussion of german grammar unfortunately . 
  i know i was just pointing out that it 's confusing for english speakers . 
  i always think someone is trying to write uae . 
  germany , everything is freelance , you pay for everything but are n't eligible for anything from the state . 
  you have to submit tonnes of confusing paperwork . 
  the restrictions on you as a non-eu citizen are even stricter than they would be because you have to prove your income to the immigration office . 
  it 's hard to make good money doing it unless you 're very lucky . 
  fair enough . 
  thank you for giving a satisfactory answer . 
  when i was in school they told us to say `` gut deutsch '' but `` gutes deutsch '' , but that was a long time ago . 
  from what i understand having read some more sources is that historically it was always `` ich spreche deutsch '' , but more recently newer spelling reforms have changed the language , including allowing the adverb + substantive like in english . 
  from your source :, 
  allermeistens in der funktion eines adverbs . 
  examples given :, 
  however , you 're correct that in the latest german revisions both `` gut deutsch '' and `` gutes deutsch '' seem to be allowed , although i find more examples of the latter . 
  it seems to be something that has changed in the german language in recent history as the substantive form has gained more acceptance , and its use with adverbs is accepted . 
  thing is my german lessons were a long time ago . 
  we were taught to put adjectives with substantives and adverbs with adverbs when it came to talking about languages , but that may just have been an overzealous german teacher with an outdated view on the language . 
  all those examples demonstrating the substantive form in the example do use the adjective form though . 
  but i agree with you , the ngram is interesting data , but of course it can be affected by other things than merely common usage . 
  from reading around the topic a bit it seems to me that the 1996 reforms acknowledged that the verb `` sprechen '' is just as much a `` was '' verb as a `` wie '' verb and stopped encouraging the adverbial form with languages . 
  this was probably due to rising use of the substantive form . 
  i was taught the fundamentals of german in the 90s by a semi-retired german british immigrant , it 's not surprising his take on things was dated . 
  i would n't be surprised if he still used `` da\u00df '' and whatnot , i ca n't remember . 
  i know i definitely see lots of people writing `` so gut deutsch '' for example these days , but i 've always assumed it was one of things that was technically wrong and people just did n't care . 
  at least , now we 've got to the bottom of the controversy , and explained why i 'd found sources stating that it should always be either `` gutes deutsch sprechen '' or `` gut deutsch sprechen '' , even if they are mistaken . 
  honestly , when you think about it `` er spricht deutsch '' reads more like `` he is speaking german '' and `` er spricht deutsch '' reads more like `` he speaks german '' . 
  lol i always remember feeling disturbed whenever i see this programme , now i understand why . 
  the english could never be doing english correctly , what an absurdity . 
  clearly only colonies settled by thousands of immigrants of different nationalities with different native languages do it right ? 
  obviously ... that makes so much sense . 
  shame some of the voice acting was unconvincing . 
  if you 're going to do british accents you need to commit to them . 
  might pass to american ears but it 's like nails down chalkboard for anyone who 's actually british . 
  i get that , but the reality is that , as a viewer who speaks a certain dialect , hearing that dialect performed slightly off constantly can not be anything but immersion breaking and distracting from the actual content . 
  imagine if someone spoke with exactly your accent but every 10th or 20th word they pronounced incorrectly , i 'm sure you 'd find it harder to immerse yourself in than a completely foreign accent , or even a made up accent .
