  do n't be afraid to knock on doors and see who is about . 
  find one or two who wants to go for a drink or something and then invite the next 20 rooms along to see if they 're interested . 
  the worst they can say is no . 
  do n't just stay in your room and assume you 'll make friends on your course . 
  lectures are very anti-social environments , and you only really have a few minutes at the beginning and end to talk to people . 
  seminar groups are often made randomly , so you 'll find you 'll be with totally different people each seminar . 
  it 's easy to go through uni and only make superficial friends on your course , the kind you talk about work with or borrow a pen from , but not the kind who will support you through your 3 years . 
  some people make their best friends on their course ( especially if the course is very intensive with long lab sessions for example , but most course are n't ) , but many do n't . 
  you will have an initiation meeting for your course as well as a more general one probably . 
  you must go to this because this is where you 'll learn the basic stuff like where your department office is , what kind of courses you 'll be studying in first year . 
  make sure you get all this boring bureaucratic stuff down , it 's tempting to spend the first week only drinking and socialising , but you need to figure the sources of vital information you 'll need e.g where to get your schedule , where to hand in papers , where to find out about deadlines , who to ask questions to , etc. 
  good luck , and go in with realistic expectations . 
  i ended up doing uni twice , and the first time i did it i was incredibly naive in my expectations , which is why by the 3rd term i was miserable , lonely , and depressed , which lead me to drop out . 
  i was 18 and thought uni was going to be the time of my life , that it was going to be a none stop party with booze and drugs and large groups of friend ( which is what i 'd been lucky enough to have at sixth form ) , when the reality that most the people were completely different and had a totally different attitude to life hit me i did n't know what to do and became somewhat anti-social . 
  the 2nd time around i went in with a much more realistic understanding of how this shit works , and had a great time because i was far more at ease with myself and what i wanted . 
  i 'll also add that it 's up to your to moderate and control your own life habits , you have to know when to go out and when to stay in and get that work done , if you wanted you could spend the whole 3 years partying once you know the right people , but you have to be strong and get your work/life balance right . 
  good luck !, 
  edit : thanks for the downvote whoever this was , i 'm merely stating the advice i wish i could have given me 18 year old self , i know it wo n't be the same for everyone , and i know not everyone has the same concept of what university will be as i did , however , nonetheless , i think this is what some students ( the ones who are like me at that age ) need to hear . 
  i do n't know why you think french is so hard . 
  it 's not generally held to be one of the less complicated languages , with a relatively simple grammar ( in the same way that english grammar is initially easy to pick up ) . 
  that said , it 's still really hard , but so is every language . 
  implying there are mountains in niedersachen or nrw . 
  how about good car building , non-piss tasting beer drinking , football winning , do n't sound like they 're coughing up phlegm dutchies :  autsch !, 
  ( also i 'm british so literally none of that applies to us , in fact the opposite does apart from maybe the phlegm thing ), 
   our people even ruled you for a while !, 
  i think you mean we invited you over for tea and biscuits with a side of kingship . 
  i know we 're bad at football , our beer tastes like piss ( at least our lager does ) , and our cars fall apart when you drive them out the dealership , however i resent the coughing up phlegm , that 's only the scots !, 
  you seem to be doing alright with it, 
  ca n't say i think he 's a very good face of the movement . 
  his twitter banner is proof enough of that . 
  he 's an outspoken controversial nerd who people do n't take very seriously as far as i can see . 
  i fear that blizzard has just agreed to all this to get us to shut up but has no real intention making legacy servers . 
  i think the best we could hope for is for them to draw up some kind of licensing agreement with nostalrius allowing them to run a low key private server with their blessing , that 's literally best case scenario i fear . 
  of course we 'll see , but a meeting does n't mean anything , fear they 're just going to dazzle the nostalrius guys with their fancy silicon valley culture and after that they 'll be eating out the palm of their hands , just as a way to neutralise them and stop the pro-legacy movement gathering any more steam , get the pr under control . 
  after the meetings i fear the nost lot will come back and tell us what a great time they had and how nice blizzard are , how sympathetic to our cause they are , but then nothing will change : /, 
  but then they wo n't even get the swag :( i really hope the nostalrius lot go into this with an attitude of not allowing themselves to be buttered up and demand some answers . 
  i fear buttering people up is something big west coast companies like blizzard excel at though . 
  thing is that objectively most government agencies rate english and most romantic languages , french , spanish , italian , all as all being equally easy to learn from the perspective of a european language speaker . 
  grammatically english and french are reasonably similar , both lacking noun declension and having a similar number of irregular verbs ( 350 vs 370 ) , both following a similar somewhat rigid word order . 
  i do wonder whether french being your native language has biased you towards believing french is the complicated tongue whereas english is simple one ( not an uncommon belief in france i have to say , ca n't deny that 's there 's a degree of national pride the french have around their language ) , when really it 's your appreciation of the nuance and complexity of french that makes you believe it 's this complicated grammatical nightmare , while a more pragmatic attitude to english makes you believe that it 's somehow easier . 
  from a purely linguistic perspective linguists never claim that a language is easier or harder , believing merely that the difficulty of a language stems from its similarity to the learners native tongue . 
  as french is your mother tongue , english is a relatively close language , despite having a germanic heritage . 
  i thin you 'd find that similarly an italian would claim french to be a relatively easy language to get a grasp of , whereas a swedish person might have some trouble and prefer something like dutch . 
  nobody knows what would change if that happened , just another way the that the uk would be screwed by leaving the eu . 
  there is a pre-existing agreement , but it definitely would n't make things easier . 
  as for rickshaws or tut tuts , do n't get in them in london either , they 're a fucking rip off . 
  you 're a twat !, 
  jack whitehall is pretty funny . 
  i do n't know people expect jokes to be new , they 're literally all just fresh twists on old jokes . 
  lovely northern counties like suffolk . 
  wtf are you talking , my dad used to commute to london from birmingham international in the 90s . 
  it 's not that new , it 's the prices that have changed . 
  i do n't know . 
  british chavs are special breed . 
  when i see alleged chav equivalents in other countries i just see people who are either too stupid , uneducated , and deprived to know any better . 
  many chavs on the other hand actively try to be ghetto or gangsta because they think it 's cool . 
  it 's not like britain really had chavs in the old days . 
   , i thought all uk people loved it over america . 
  just because we 're envious of your space does n't mean we want to live there . 
  also , if you think the uk living spaces are small you should see how people live on the continent . 
  it was everything above the watford gap  < which is a totally different watford . 
  then some idiots misunderstood it as watford near london and it stuck to some degree . 
  the whole `` everything north of the m25 '' thing was a joke someone made as a sort of parody of london snobbery , a bit like some from sunderland might say that manchester is in the south . 
  the incredible irony is that some people took it seriously . 
  the watford gap is actually a pretty good demarcation for where the midlands start proper . 
  it 's about the point where people stop elongating their - a 's and start using funny words for their sandwiches . 
  i live abroad so you 're all northerners to me . 
  i not saying there were n't any criminals . 
  but chavs are just a special breed of idiot . 
  criminals in the past at least tried to appear normal . 
  chavs revel in their criminal lifestyles like some kind of badge of honour . 
  is this really such a big deal in the us ? 
  takes about 15 minutes to get through security in germany , maybe double that if it 's a super busy day with long queues . 
  i mean asides from taking your laptop out your hand luggage , emptying your pockets , putting all that stuff through the machine , and then walking through a metal detector what do they make you do ? 
  get naked and shit in a cup ? 
  the irony is that you 're basically as popular as the uk is for tourism but with only a few million people vs 64 million . 
  i was in my local supermarket last week and saw a brochure that said something silly like `` besuchen sie irland !, 
  '' , which literally means `` visit ireland !, 
  the land of the leprechauns '', 
  tell me who 's gay now ? 
  all it all seems british people are a mix of celtic french , central french , and west germanic genetics , with the scots having slightly more scandinavian influence . 
  not very surprising really . 
  sorry that 's how i heard the lyrics to your stupid eurovision entry . 
  what do they actually do that takes an hour though ? 
  are they simply understaffed or do n't have enough scanners ? 
  i do n't understand what 's taking all the time . 
  seems crazy to me . 
  never waited more than 30 minutes in europe and even that was exceptional . 
  usually there 's no more than 20 people ahead of me at the scanner , would estimate it takes about 30 seconds per person while they get their laptops out their bag and stuff everything in the trays . 
  i thought the tsa had a huge budget , wtf are they spending it on . 
  groke traumatised me : /, 
  the entry of the country where / u/aleksx000 is from, 
  there is a very romantic image of ireland in germany . 
  i do n't think they come for dublin but more for the countryside and the their romantic image of the lifestyle . 
  they want to see quaint villages and traditional pubs , poets with messy curly hair and red headed children playing in the streets . 
  i think they 're probably disappointed when they find out a lot of ireland is just marshland and poverty , but of course there are some very nice parts . 
  sadly many of those parts are probably sick to death of tourists and ca n't wait to see the back of them . 
  just north of northampton on the m1 . 
  far enough north to maintain the south 's claim on cambridge but far enough south to keep coventry out of it . 
  it 's really quite accurate .
