  also there are a number of times when it 's acceptable to break to rules of tense concordance within a sentence , stative verbs have different rules , and occasionally the rules are broken to stress that something is true in a timeless sense or that something is still happening . 
  it 's absolutely wrong to just make a blanket rule like that . 
  it shows a complete lack of understanding of how english works . 
  really not that hard . 
  lol . 
  man you just need to learn the prepositions and whether they take dative or accusative . 
  the ones that take both depend on movement , then you just learn the verbs which take the dative , most of which are obvious because the direct object of the verb is in the accusative ( the confusion comes because it 's sometimes omitted ) . 
  the thing is english has exactly the same kind of things . 
  how do you learn to that you `` like to swim '' but ca n't `` dislike to swim '' . 
  how do you learn that you `` run into the house '' when trying to get home quickly but do n't `` run in the house '' unless you 're running around . 
  if you did n't succeed in your german learning then it 's because you did n't take enough time to figure out what the different grammatical structures mean , and then practise applying them until it became natural , not because german is some extremely difficult language . 
  i ca n't get german right 100 % of the time ( i 'm not german fyi , my native is english ) , but it 's not that hard to figure this shit out . 
  do n't know anything about spanish , but many languages have no real rules for gender . 
  german has some rules that will get your 80 % of the way once your get the feel for them . 
  that 's exactly what a russian spy would say ... 
  i actually thought that to . 
  you 're quite right nobody says that ( source : i 'm british ) . 
  and if you check he says it the normal way first . 
  probably the directors convincing him to amp up the british, 
  this guy needs to sit the fuck down . 
  how people go through life with being forcibly `` corrected '' is tragedy . 
   he example of sun and moon was because in spanish it is the other way around, 
  that 's just a coincidence . 
  there 's no real reason for the moon to be male or female . 
   i find german seems to have way more exceptions to its rules , especially regarding pronunciation . 
  and then you compare it to something like english , where there are barely any rules at all . 
  i would say that depends on their age and the duration of the flight to be honest . 
  if the flight is under 5 hours then there 's really no need for business class for anyone given that 's just no different from sitting on a long train ride . 
  if the kids are older then it 's fair game just to get them used to travelling by them by themselves and i 'm sure they 'd appreciate not having to sit with their parents . 
  furthermore if he sat with them in economy then they 'd probably get bothered the whole flight by people wanting his autograph . 
  went to an academically elite school that was n't quite as `` refined '' as other elite schools owing to it being in an area notorious for niveau riche city boys moving their kids out there once they 'd made money in business in the city . 
  unlike the really elite schools that try to focus on taking a better `` class '' of student , this one would take more or less anyone if they could get a scholarship or pass the entrance exams and pay the fees . 
  let 's just say almost all of the kids there had millionaire parents ( except those on scholarships ) , but often these millionaires were less `` daddy is in banking '' and more `` my dad owns a string of car dealerships that he did n't inherit and built up himself '' ( and occasionally you got a `` my dad 's rich but do n't ask any questions ok ! '', 
  types too ), 
  you did n't get many of those mega-rich trust fund babies who dress only in high fashion labels and fly to the bahamas at the drop of a hat . 
  however , you did get a lot of kids with too much money who had no qualms showing it off . 
  the result , lots of hilarious showing off , but also lots of drugs . 
  worst thing i saw ? 
  14 year olds taking 8-balls of coke to school to get fucked up during the lunch break . 
  school definitely had a bit of a drug problem which , of course , mostly flew under the radar of the faculty because they naively assumed that these middle-class rich kids were too typically to middle class to be doing that shit at such a young age . 
  hilariously more than just one or two kids i knew from that school ended up in prison . 
  i think it 's definitely a problem when you have kids from traditionally working class families that come into a lot of money and they get sent to private schools . 
  they ca n't stand how that sets them apart from other working class kids and ruins their street cred , so they end up overcompensating in other ways to try to maintain a `` bad-ass '' reputation . 
  thing is `` pretending to be hood '' and actually becoming hood is a fine line to thread , one that you typically cross the moment you end up with a criminal record and will now struggle to get that middle class education followed by middle class job that your parents hoped they could acquire for you by sending you to a fancy school . 
  fuck the free world !, 
  lol he 's spot on there . 
  `` fucking asian '' sounds way more racist than `` asian fuck '' . 
  really depends on the accent . 
  i find british indians , indians who have english as their first language , and educated indians very easy to talk to , they have a very clear speech which has elements of british victorian upper class speech even . 
  apart from a few `` do the needfuls '' and what not communication is pretty much the same as with any community of english speakers . 
  the problems is that lots of people in india have english as a 2nd language , and they end up learning english in a way that makes sense to other indians with english as a 2nd language , but does n't make any sense to speakers of other english dialects . 
  p 's become b 's , the intonation goes really odd , communicating is really hard . 
  it 's a luxury not a need . 
  well to be fair in europe it 's different . 
  budget flights are cheap . 
  airlines like lufthansa are legitimately nice . 
  respect to him he did well . 
  i still ca n't help but feel he 's held back by his connections to the old left . 
  the labour needs to throw of the blairite negativity by reinventing itself , not going back to the past . 
  i find him hard to make balance with a progressive position . 
  but anyway , i think i , like many people , are n't in a position to quibble over the finer points and simply want to make sure there is an opposition to the tories . 
  sorry i do n't know the history of this feature of english but personally i think the most natural way for me would be `` i do n't have any money '' whereas in german i 'd just say `` ich habe kein geld '' . 
  certainly in my dialect `` i have no money '' could be used but probably would n't be heard as frequently as `` i do n't have any money '' . 
  when i was learning german i found negating so often with `` kein '' very odd . 
  to me , it felt like i was asserting the absence of a thing i.e `` i have the absence of money '' compared to negating the sentence `` it is not the case that i have money '' . 
  it becomes more apparent with certain sentences e.g `` ich esse kein fleisch '' is fine in german but `` i eat no meat '' sounds strange to me . 
  perhaps german speakers learning english experience the same phenomena but the other way around . 
  [ er ist auch ein begabter musiker ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hkjgatytwm4 ), 
  shame the films were pretty shit ( first one was meh , rest were just bad ) . 
  a larger budget and change of setting just did n't suit the format at all . 
  i find myself repeating things people say to me in their accent without consciously being aware of it . 
  because a welshman has no place breaking into an english church on a sunday . 
  lol . 
  i 've read some interesting stuff on harry potter economics . 
  what 's really crazy is that if we assume the wizarding world is completely economically backwards . 
  for example . 
  the banking system just seems to be a vast network of vaults in which someone can deposit objects of value , including currency . 
  this means that wealth that is n't being used is n't being used to generate loans increasing the supply of money . 
  everyone 's savings just sit in a locked room . 
  getting a loan in the wizarding world is just about convincing someone richer than you to trust you with a large sum of money in the hope of getting some interest . 
  access to capital is really limited so people ca n't change the economy much and interest rates would have to be very high to make it worth the risk . 
  if we assume the wizarding world is not in some kind of decline and that slowly access to goods and services is improving rather than getting worse then we can assume the value of wizard money is actually increasing and not declining , giving people even fewer reasons to lend to one another . 
  if we assume there is no interaction between the regular economic and the wizard one , that there is no exchange rate because they are so economically unaware , or if we assume that they just fix an exchange rate arbitrarily , and that money just sits in a vault somewhere until someone wants to buy some , then someone comes along and actually figures out that they can make money moving goods between the two then there would probably break their society so bad it would lead to massive social upheaval . 
  the wizarding world are like china before the british or japan before western contact . 
  they 're not really prepared at for the world of shit that could hit them at any moment . 
  the lack of technology might better be explained by the fact they can literally magic shit into something else with magic . 
  would n't underestimate that . 
  but their society is still really backwards and in other ways , really poorly organised , unstable government , and also massive labour dependent , they ca n't automate complex tasks so they all have to be done by someone with a wand , and their shitty understanding of economics could probably explain that . 
  i mean they still have poor people and shit . 
  also indentured servants ( house elves ) and 2nd class citizens ( goblins and centaurs ) despite having god-like powers , something has got to be wrong . 
  i guess it 's cos normally you could kill welshmen breaking into your church on other days , but sunday was too holy or some shit . 
  not sure what you 're talking about pal . 
  prescriptively speaking both . 
   if i had a car , i would have driven to work, 
   if i would have had a car , i would have driven to work, 
  are dodgy . 
  correctly :, 
   if i had had a car , i would have driven to work . 
   one of my colleagues proved to me the validity by changing the tense but sounds awkward even though i do understand it 's purpose a single had i think works just as well . 
  no offence but your opinion on this is kinda worthless .
