  if two people commit crimes towards each other that does n't make them both innocent , it makes them both guilty . 
  dear god what a moron . 
  we have jerusalem syndrome . 
  this could be the first case of europe syndrome - a mental illness affecting american puritanical religion zealots when exposed to european secular decadence and old world history , leading them to believe in a world controlling satanic conspiracy . 
  slovenia is n't pure like good ol' oklahoma ... 
  i thought it witty , it 's not botched up at all !, 
  stop being such a german haha, 
  and his daddy 's gone , somewhere up a tree now , up and down a big bough , he ai n't got a vine now . 
  what i do n't understand is how he has like a crown of fat around it like a turtle neck sweater ? 
  britain is n't cold though . 
  it 's like a solid 10 degrees here for half the year . 
  that 's why it rains so much , it 's rarely cold enough to snow . 
  nobody cares ... ( also that 's actually stupid , cake is n't `` bad '' food , your food is n't `` better '' food , maybe you should occasional indulge in some `` better '' cake . ), 
  get yourself laid . 
  i think you missed the point . 
  pancaketacos was suggesting that british room temperature is standard refrigerator temperature . 
  you want my baked bean breakfast ? 
  you can pry it from my cold dead hands ... 
  i hear it must flow . 
  yes , clearly the female voice we hear on the video belongs to the girls in the shot . 
  that or teenage russian girls sound disturbingly manly . 
  now i know you 're trolling . 
  you are now on a blacklist preventing you from ever entering the united kingdom . 
  no idea why you 're going into such detail about this . 
  my point was merely that the uk is n't a cold country . 
  sure `` cold '' is relative , but if you look at it objectively the uk has a very narrow temperature band . 
  most places in the us are far hotter during the summer and much colder in the winter . 
  saying british room temperature is equivalent to a fridge is just wrong , naturally it 's colder than texas but it 's actually warmer than most the northern states especially when just looking at the winter . 
  i also have no idea what a deg f means , in this neck of the woods it 's only really `` cold '' when it 's approaching temperatures that will freeze water . 
  20 degrees is sweaty t-shirt weather . 
  i can not even . 
  remove burger remove burger . 
  you are worst yank . 
  you are the yank idiot you are the yank smell . 
  return to europe . 
  to our british-american cousins you may come our contry . 
  you may live in the zoo ... . ahahahaha , america we will never forgeve you . 
  colonist rascal fuck but fuck asshole yank stink dixie sqhipere shqipare . .1812 best day of my life . 
  take a bath of dead yank . . ahahahahahamerica we will get you !!, 
  do not forget war of independence . usa we kill the president , america return to your precious israel ... . hahahahaha idiot yank and dixie smell so bad . . wow i can smell it . 
  remove burger from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  england + scotland + australia + canada = kill ... you will ww2 / tupac alive in england , tupac making album of england . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink yank ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt, 
  tupac alive numbr one # 1 in england ... . fuck the usa , . . fuckk ashol yanks no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and contry . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the yank farm aminal with rap magic now we the english rule . ape of the zoo presidant georg bush fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and usa wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our clay we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  england greattst countrey, 
  they 'd just have a war over whether it was `` vlaanderen en la wallonie '' or `` vlaanderen et la wallonie '', 
  they 're pennsylvania dutch !, 
  is n't this the opposite of reddit ? 
  but the german system is shit because it has no tolerance threshold . 
  it 's way more about following the letter rather than the spirit of the law . 
  common law countries have a more inherent understanding that the law is there for when someone has been seriously wronged and not for the petty enforcement of rules , often by large companies who simply want to make an example of someone rather than actually right some wrong . 
  technically buying a few trading cards at a bargain price and selling them higher is against the law , but stopping ordinary people doing things like this is not why that law is in place , society is n't going to break down by letting hobbyists make a few euros from their trades . 
  the company making the law suit is only in the right in the sense that if we categorically analyse the law what he did meets the criteria for it to be infraction ( at least if the judge does n't use some discretion ) . 
  morally they are in the wrong however , people have a right to be free of frivolous legal action , people are not robots who can be expected to understand and follow every law to the letter , only to act in good conscience . 
  the problem with this attitude of `` the law is the law '' attitude is where does it end ? 
  if someone buys up some hats in dota expecting their price to rise , and later sells them , are they also avoiding tax ? 
  the only reason people do n't get prosecuted for stuff such as this in germany is because nobody is following up on it , while in other countries even if they tried judges would kick it out for wasting the courts time . 
  the german legal ethos fails to acknowledge that the law , while necessary , fails to accurately categorise reality and therefore the law will always need to take a subjective common sense approach to matters . 
  common law at least has elements of this built into it through the precedent system , however german law is woefully bad at dealing with ever changing realities , and therefore lags behind the rest of the world until a law is altered from top down out of sheer futility rather than natural adaptation . 
  the german system is in this regard simply a bad system , one of the worst things about this country . 
  it 's this black and white over simplification of legal matters that has led to lawyers like waldorf frommer who make millions a year just going after people who have used popcorn time once or twice ( people infract the letter of the law ) , rather than people who upload content on a large scale for profit ( people who infract the spirit of the law ) . 
  no other western country allows this type of flagrant abuse of ordinary people for what are nothing more than technicalities . 
  no other western country goes after ordinary folk on legal grounds or uses less discretion in these matters . 
  it 's no wonder that other countries stereotype germans as anal rule sticklers . 
  it 's an embarrassment to the nation and you should n't be defending it . 
  that 's not how you spell photo . 
  also the `` to '' of photo is identical to the sound of toe , so i do n't what the fuck you 're attempting here . 
  it still means that in the uk . 
  `` screwing at him/her/it '' `` screwing him/her/it '' . 
  it 's just like the difference between `` fucking him/her/it '' and `` fucking up him/her/it '' . 
  it 's really not that hard to follow . 
  honestly , i know enough french to understand most of the lyrics , yet i found myself focussed only on the english transcription . 
  i must say that much of the english transcription did n't remotely sound like the french , but at times i could no longer focus on the french and my ears were forcing me to try to hear the non-existent english . 
  french is my third language though and i 'm not very good nor do i get chance to use it very often , seems like english won this round . 
  the downvotes would suggest you 're wrong there . 
  i for one think he 's not particularly funny and just seems to be rinsing the personality of his character from gavin and stacey as a fat loud mouth lad type to death . 
  wow that was cringe . 
  shut up jaden , nobody likes you . 
  these programmes were n't copied from america , they just happen to be reality tv programmes with similarities . 
  obviously the name geordie shore was flagrantly ripped off from jersey shore , but that 's because both were produced by mtv who owns the rights . 
  towie and made in chelsea are made by totally different production companies . 
  i can , too dutch sounding ... 
  except when making a television programme to showcase that kids will be lured into a vehicle with a stranger , naturally ... 
  that 's just fucking stupid . 
  he does n't instigate anything at all . 
  so many fuckwits like yourself seem to think that people do n't deserve to be asked hard questions and it 's fucking retarded , what he does is a public service really exposing the workings of people who usually only show us their public face . 
  in reality louis very cleverly leaves people 2nd guessing until they expose themselves due to a feeling of uncertainty about louis ' opinion . 
  definitely one of the best documentary interviewers out there . 
  yeah , i thought the same , this is the perfect example of a louis theroux interview goes well . 
  he 's actually a highly intelligent , very self aware guy , he does n't just provoke his interviewees to force a reaction leading them to close up , rather uses his likeable mild mannered personality to get his interviewees to second guess themselves , ultimately leading to them opening up far more when it reaches breaking point . 
  no , i believe it is you who is the retard . 
  well that 's just the nature of languages is n't it . 
  if the lyrics were in a language you only knew a bit of , and the writing were in french you 'd probably be experiencing what i am . 
  i think if the song was in german i 'd have a lot harder time ignoring the sound and focussing on the written english . 
  if the song was in english and the written part in german it would be nigh on impossible to ignore the lyrics . 
  most of just do n't live in countries that spend all their money killing people in the middle east . 
  any way , let 's just follow through on your logic .
