  is n't it logical to assume that were this feasible ( a 3 in 1 laptop , tablet , phone ) it would be in development now , they asked for just $ 10,000 !, 
  multifunction tablet/laptop devices have n't been around for long and millions have been spent on their r+d . 
  edit2 : / u/johnyma22 claiming to be behind the ring project has responded to my comment , you should be able to find it below and hopefully upvote it so people can engage him in dialogue . 
  because someone is claiming the copyright on that video in your country , because it was filmed in your country . 
  whilst in other countries where the rights are not sold there 's nobody enforcing the copyright , so nobody gives a shit . 
  to be fair that guy is a real doctor who 's made a career out of programmes where they investigate people 's freakish/disgusting/embarrassing medical complaints , so i do n't know why he 'd need to lie since he 's definitely seen some fucked up shit . 
  [ this one was better ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8ts0n63-f7i ), 
  nobody gives a shit about that , the important thing is you do n't name the patient . 
  i could n't really give a shit what paper you read , i rarely pick up a paper copy of anything these days , but your smug condescending tone makes me think you 're a grade a cunt !, 
  `` may i have '' is a bit silly as well , and could equally be responded to with `` yes you may , do you actually want one ? 
  '' , people should stick with the unpretentious `` could i have a ... ? '', 
  and `` i would like a ... '', 
  firstly if people took the time be more realistic that money would go to more viable projects , secondly it kills the culture of crowd funding making less people interested and less money available overall , thirdly it funds a culture of downright crowd funding scammers who make a living doing the bare minimum and getting paid for it . 
  so what if it does n't affect me directly ? 
  i am not allowed to prefer a good thing to prosper rather than be wasted ? 
  honestly kids like this need to learn a lesson , they 're at that annoying age where they think they are untouchable and chucking his scooter in a hedge would 've been a good life lesson . 
  yeah , as a foreigner living in germany you guys have the strangest hangups about some shit . 
  do n't get me wrong it 's still great here but you do get funny over the oddest stuff . 
  have a knighthood ... 
  i dub thee sir bob_boblaw_law_bomb, 
  nice video . 
  rotterdam is one of those underrated cities . 
  i expected it to be like liverpool but aesthetically it 's quite nice considering how it 's mostly modern build . 
  that is true . 
  but could does n't usually mean mere ability though unless you 're talking in the past or future tense , it 's also used for polite requests . 
  `` can you pass me the coke ? '', 
  `` yes i can '' is perfectly legit , since can is usually just about ability . 
  `` could you pass me the coke '' `` yes i could '' sounds rude , since it kind of implies there 's some reason you wo n't pass the coke , as in `` i could do , but i 'm not going to '' . 
  could generally tends to have an added implication , `` i could 've been a contender '' - but i was n't , `` i could be president '' - but i ca n't right now . 
  in the present tense `` can '' is just the certainty of possibility , `` could '' is the uncertainty of actuality which assumes the certainty of possibility . 
  that why making a polite request with could is like saying `` please , assuming you have no objections , pass me the coke '' , which is why saying `` yes i could '' is like saying `` yes i am able to do that but we might have a problem if i do '', 
  this is pretty influenced by [ `` the scots language/dialect ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny ) , the video , if you can understand it explains well . 
  the english adopted italian vowel sounds and the scottish had their own version , which is why it can be so hard to understand at times since vowels have totally different sounds associated with them . 
  how so ? 
  that 's simply untrue . 
  it 's really not . 
  i keep my shoes on and think it 's weird to take your shoes off . 
  we have a mat if your shoes are a little dirty , and naturally if you 've been walking in the fields and are covered in mud then you take them off and put a different pair on . 
  i do n't make a habit of getting my feet that mucky so why would i take my shoes off ? 
  personally i was also taught that having house rules about taking your shoes off inside was a crude working class habit brought about by wives who care too much about their floors / carpets , owing to the notions of `` keeping up appearances '' ( spotless over shampooed bad taste shag carpets and such ) and also because being working class they were the ones who 'd be doing the cleaning . 
  one should never be barefoot in the presence of guests , what are we barbarians ? 
  there 's something very awkward and weird watching adult guests talking their shoes off , it 's a weird imposition to make on guests , a bit like treating them like children . 
  naturally it 's not so odd to have rules about children removing shoes because they 're liable to be running around in the garden getting themselves filthy . 
  as for bacteria in my experience many people consider this to simply modern germphobia , a bit like the overuse of anti-bacterial soap , believing that to bathe is dirty and being afraid put the plug in the sink . 
  this is how i was brought up , to believe that being overly concerned with hygiene was a working class neuroses and/or foreign cultural import and not to over to do it . 
  i 'll also add you are major cunt for making assumptions about my upbringing , and actually my parents were very understanding . 
  but it wo n't be parents who teach you the hard facts of life it will be this kid 's peers who wo n't be so understanding . 
  unless you get raised in some hyper liberal bubble academy you have to learn some god damn respect , no amount of talking is going to teach this kid a lesson , but when he tries that shit in a few years with kids of his own age , with a false sense of protection given to him by spineless parents like yourself he 'll have a much harder time adapting . 
  furthermore chucking someone 's property in a hedge is n't violent , it 's simple cause and effect , fuck with someone 's property and they 'll fuck with yours . 
  now fuck off back to yoga class you utter penis . 
  ok well i was mostly referring to crowd funding in general , i do n't really know enough about your product to comment . 
  your response is appreciated though and i 'll edit my post to mention your response so people can see you 're here in the thread . 
  seriously why would n't we , they benefit us in a number of ways far more than they cost , and they tie us to a historical legacy going back to 1066 . 
  we 'd be a nation of dullards should we want to give that up just to seem more modern as a boring old republic . 
  large numbers of irish and german immigrants settled there , the german part is oft forgotten since many changed their names or at least dropped their german identities during the wars . 
  in fact there were cases of german descent butchers having their shops vandalised around ww1 simply for having german names . 
  it was the law for good reason for a long time . 
  then in became unnecessary but some people are strangely attached to it or like their old sinks , it 's being phased out in most new builds these days . 
  that said if you have a fantastic antique bathroom like some fancy places why ruin the aesthetic just for convenience , you must suffer for beauty . 
  the world 's biggest financial market actually . 
  wall street is too regulated and the legal system too biased towards american companies in the opinion of a lot of the world . 
  have you seen extras ? 
  i think that pretty much explains why a shitcom can make so much money . 
  actually it 's more confusing than that `` the bollocks '' = good , `` bollocks '' = bad . 
  i think this came about people dropped the `` dog 's '', 
  nothing wrong with the cameras in my opinion . 
  means that there is objectivity . 
  most the cameras are owned by private interests such as shops and banks for liability reasons . 
  i would go as far as to say 99.9 % are n't being watched by anyone at any one time , the only place this happens is in rough parts town centres where fights / crime is more common . 
  i have no problem with a camera recording me provided it 's not being used for surveillance , which most of the time it 's not , it 's only there to be looked at after the fact when a crime has occurred , at which point it 's a godsend . 
  regular british people go on holiday to places where a mixture of nationalities congregate and are n't a problem generally , apart from being slightly more red faced and friendlier than normal , sure they might be slightly louder but so is everyone when drunk and on holiday . 
  trouble is the worst of the british culture do n't want to holiday abroad , they want to take over part of a foreign country and anglicise it so they get the good weather and cheaper prices without dealing with the culture . 
  they are the major culprits when it comes to acting like cunts abroad . 
  food in britain is really very good now . 
  naturally british food is n't very exciting but it 's no worse than german or scandinavian food . 
  this is because it was all invented before central heating when you needed stodgy carb heavy food and protein to survive the winters . 
  that 's about all there is to it . 
  that 's just northern europeans in general i 'm afraid . 
  alcohol is n't a drug here it 's a drink . 
  it was one of the main reasons for europe process because we did n't die of cholera so readily . 
  america is an anomaly because of a heavy puritan presence in its history . 
  why do american ones drag on so ? 
  we are big fans of the shibboleth , maybe it 's mean of us but there 's always been linguistic shibboleths in our language . 
  if you 've ever seen my fair lady `` an englishman ca n't open his mouth without making another englishman hate him '', 
  er as an ex-pat living in europe this is pretty normal over here too . 
  it 's `` banter '' , a phenomena exaggerated in british public schools i 'm afraid . 
  i was at public school and we would be mercilessly cruel to each other but when the chips were down we were all best of mates . 
  it 's almost like a military mentality . 
  interesting fact hitler was fascinated by the british public school and thought about how he could import such a culture to germany . 
  colonial words sound like baby talk too , `` sidewalk '' because you walk on the side , `` blinker '' because it blinks , to be fair the australians say `` lollies '' for all confectionery . 
  also the intrusive + linking - r is actually easier in my opinion . 
  starting a word with a vowel is hard work , it actually requires you to stop making sound and thus stop the flow of air slightly rather than glide effortlessly into the next word . 
  the ideal language pattern would be consonant/vowel/consonant / vowel and so on , ask any japanese person . 
  my theory is it could be a french influence since they have liaison precisely to avoid this two vowel staccato effect and keep the words flowing effortlessly . 
  he 's not talking about rhoticity he 's talking about linking and intrusive - r . the r in question is n't the rhotic - r but the regular one at the start of the word/syllable . 
  listen very carefully when standard southern english speaker says law and order and it will sound like `` law rand order '' , similarly better off will sound like `` bettuh roff '' , intrusive and linking - r respectively . 
  oh and you know damn well that sw is rhotic , come on you have an ma you should know your shit !, 
  i think you have to understand that working class people have no desire to stop being working class . 
  in the old days it was a matter of being `` superior '' but really nowadays it 's about your identity . 
  you can be rich as fuck and still being working class .
