  except i 'm from birmingham so that would mean i probably have seen everything you have plus more , which ultimately i do n't see as a bad thing . 
  yes the community in small heath has been changed , but before that it was actually a community of white catholic irish immigrants before that , who ultimately found a place in british society , as i believe the pakistani community will in time . 
  digging your heals in and saying , well white folk used to live here and now other people do therefore my life is ruined is stupid , there are plenty of principally white communities in the uk that would welcome you . 
  vehemently clinging to an areas simply because you were born there is what is truly retarded . 
  i 'll add that the 1/10 of the british public is inherently xenophobic and eu immigration is having zero effect on their lives but they are using eu immigration as a convenient scapegoat . 
  furthermore you never had a chance to vote for david cameron , people just voted conservative and he was chosen . 
  personally i think american would be proof enough that the leader based democracy is shit . 
  the only thing hotter than this is a synthesised chemical that can be used to permanently destroy nerve endings so you 'll never feel anything there again , and that 's in its diluted form . 
  it 's x1000 times hotter pure capsaicin . 
  fillet * steak is common way of saying it . 
  a beef fillet would n't be understood as fillet steak necessarily but just filleted beef . 
  `` filet '' rather than fillet , is pronounced fil-ay and is reserved solely for french dishes like `` filet mignon '' . 
  there are four lights !, 
  well those are n't technically spicy . 
  username checks out . 
  well it 's the hottest . 
  i guess there are other things that are inbetween . 
  imagine if american bred supermen played football , they would win every year just like the superbowl and nba . 
  surely america offers most footballing potential then the 7 billion-ish inferior humans living outside it . 
  someone did the maths , he saved like every person in north korea in 8 seconds or something ridiculous . 
   i guess i can say that because i train mma veraciously and fight at an amateur level . 
  but still - there were more of them than there were of him . 
  several of those guys should have just gotten together and beat the shit out of him and sent him on his way a broken man . 
  calm the fuck down fan boy , it 's a comic book character , the writers do n't have to be entirely consistent all the time . 
  i was n't saying you were wrong i was just throwing out some relevant trivia . 
  maybe you 've got those adult diapers on too tight or something ? 
  autism ... not even once ... 
   brave heart is an american film about a fictional war in scotland , that was filmed in ireland and played by an australian . 
  ftfy, 
  i remember my first day as a labourer , for me it was just a summer job when i was about 19/20 , the pay was shit but better than mcdonalds or equivalent crap . 
  i was sent to work with two brickies building a swimming pool in someone 's back garden . 
  the reason they 'd sent me there was because their regular labourer who they work with all the time actually needed the extra help to speed up the work . 
  however as a `` funny '' joke , and as a trial by fire , they 'd given the regular guy the day off ( these guys worked 6 or 7 days a week anyway most of the time anyway so he was probably glad of the break ) . 
  meaning first day i was the only labourer working with two pro-brickies who worked fast as lightning . 
  that first day on the job was hellish , mid july heat without a lick of shade , just shovelling endless cement into a wheel barrow , pushing it down a board into the pool . 
  every time i got back with the new load the two brickies were just sitting there drinking their tea long having got through all the cement i 'd brought them . 
  did n't matter how fast i went they 'd go through it faster than i could bring it , leading to endless piss taking . 
  next day i met the regular labourer and he was a fucking ox of a man , he did n't even have a neck , throwing a round a hod full of bricks around like it were lego , and even he 'd requested they send an extra labourer to speed up the job . 
  did that job for about 9 months and by the end i was a lot fucking bigger than when i 'd started . 
  good thing i 'm on reddit then . 
  naturally any right minded crypto-currency obsessed libertarian does n't think it 's good enough to just define as white . 
  he 's a part scandinavian part german \u00fcbermensch ... 
  there are no british americans remember , there 's just 1/16th irish americans on their mother-in-law 's side . 
  being british is like being the opposite of a 1776 winning god-fearing patriot . 
  believe you 'll find it 's scotch not `` scottish '' . 
  good points , and your king 's landing point could lead to [ speculation ] ( #g `` zombie cleganebowl !, 
  in a trial by combat for the charges from the crown after she 's had her punishment from the sept '' ), 
  i 'm looking forward to some folly !, 
  us marines , pff easier than shagga and the hill tribes . 
  for the union !, 
  trouble is you really need to establish negligence . 
  human error happens , this guy but himself at huge risk given what happened . 
  arguably its the employer 's responsibility to protect themselves against ordinary human error . 
  much easier to fire someone for someone stupid , like repeated not handing in a required piece of paperwork , than for one gigantic fuck up that they obviously did n't intend . 
  i reckon that between skins and misfits you 've got yourself a whole new generation of young british acting talent right there . 
  seem to all be being picked up but got or hollywood . 
  in some countries you ca n't torrent because there are private law firms hired by media companies on there trying to catch you out . 
  do n't you know all the real irishmen left ireland for boston ? 
  my irish-american friend was appalled when arriving in the country that there were british bands playing in the pubs and some british shows on the tv . 
  there were also people drinking those fancy continental lagers and some fake irish beers he 'd never heard of like `` kilkenny '' and `` harp '' rather than genuine guinness . 
  nobody was spitting on the name oliver cromwell or talking in rhyme , they did n't even find his limericks amusing . 
  they do n't even dye their rivers green for st patty 's day . 
  the people in ireland are just british wannabes who would n't know a selkie from a leprechaun . 
  in the uk it 's different . 
  it 's just in nightclubs and stuff and they 're there to give you aftershave , paper towels and a chewing gum and shit . 
  these guys in germany are everywhere and they 're sitting outside the toilet with mops and buckets , except when they 're inside actually cleaning . 
  they 're essentially there instead of a turnstile to pay to use the toilet , except its better because you know someone is doing the job of keeping it fresh and you do n't have to pay a set amount and just bung them a bit of change . 
  in the uk i rarely tip the `` freshen up '' guys unless i actually want something off them , while in germany it 's just good manners to hand over 50 cent to these people . 
  fucking love me some uludag . 
  trust me though iron bru does n't taste anything like uludag . 
  personally i like both of them and am fortunate to have drunk a lot of each . 
  i could probably drink more iron bru than uludag because that shit would get sickly after a while . 
  some really shitty descriptions here . 
  it does n't take like bubble-gum , there are bubble gum flavoured drinks out there but this does n't taste like one of those . 
  i would describe as tangy like orange flavoured glucose pills , but without the orange taste . 
  european fizzy drinks are the best . 
  i do n't know how americans do without lucazade , irn-bru , vimto and tizer . 
  also turkey has uludag which is the shit . 
  [ my personal favourite ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9uprxm_abwk ), 
  they taste very different . 
  i like uludag and drink it a lot in germany . 
  irn bru was a staple of existence growing up in the uk . 
  to me uludag has a very typical bubble gum flavour with hints of lemon and lime . 
  the guy who first recommended it to me ( because i did n't have enough change for anything else ) said it was t\u00fcrkische sprite . 
  but it does n't taste a bit like sprite to me , way more bubblegum . 
  like the type of bubble gum balls you get in ice creams sometimes , i though i do n't know if that 's normal elsewhere in the world . 
  irn-bru however does n't taste like bubble gum to me though , there 's way more tang to it . 
  i think maybe rather than the stereotypical bubblegum flavour it 's more like the tang you get when you stick a bunch of fruit flavoured gum like juicy fruits in your mouth , it 's also go a hint of ginger that gives it a slight hot after taste but very mild so it 's only really noticeable afterwards . 
  irn-bru is kind of in your face with it 's flavour , it lives up to its reputation as an `` iron '' brew . 
  i think you will have to find a british shop to get one . 
  if you live in a big city then that wo n't be too hard but otherwise your only option is the internet !, 
  if you do it i would recommend trying out some tizer , vimto and lucazade orange . 
  vimto is my favourite , it 's like a super fruity punch but fizzy , great for getting kids off their tits on sugar , when mixed with vodka tastes amazing and then is great for getting adults off their tits too . 
  wow you can tell that you 're one of the those wealthy overpaid scandinavian types !, 
  if i were richer i would pay a euro but i 'm not . 
  2 euros ? 
  i would even tip that on 2 beers !, 
  50 cent is about average i would say , because it 's he minimum you can pay without seeming like a dick . 
  it 's also the price to use the toilet in most pay toilets except the rip off ones in train stations . 
  haha toilet attendant = big man german ?
