  get them when they 're young and they 'll be yours for life , is how the saying goes , and it 's true . 
  convince kids that coke is a benevolent company who 'll give their schools money to buy sports gear or computer labs or whatever , and they 'll be less likely to question the brand when they 're older , thereby increasing the amount of leeway the company will get when it comes to things like how much it pays its workers , how much tax is can avoid , how it treats its overseas employees , and so on . 
  if you really were a benevolent force , it seems to me that they would simply donate money to a charity that helps school boards where funding is needed . 
  what they 've done is an obvious move to get something in return ( publicity ) for the grant money they 've offered , and there 's nothing benevolent about that . 
  furthermore going through a charity is good idea for many reasons , because their non-profit status puts them in a much better position to allocate funds where they 're needed rather than simply where people are most willing to sell themselves out to the coca-cola corporation . 
  in most of the world capitalism is seen as a necessary evil , we tolerate a degree of exploitation by self-interest groups because we know the alternative , an entirely rather than partially socialist society is simply impractical , too hard to run efficiently , too hard to incentivise and too open to political corruption . 
  however know that were it practical it would be the ideal and most fair form of society . 
  we make this compromise however on the basis that the government will do its best to keep these self-interest groups in check , to stop them exploiting us too hard by forcing them to pay us decent wages rather than the bare minimum they could get away with , forcing them to stop polluting , and also to stop them interferring with aspects of the organisation of society that are controlled by elected politicians rather than private interests . 
  this seems like a clear case where the latter has not been protected . 
  well , you 're an idiot then . 
  amazing how religion is tolerated in schools in my country ( and most of europe ) yet people are vastly less religious in my country than in yours , and there are also far fewer religious fanatics . 
  my school had a small chapel , it also had a prayer room and washing facilities for muslims and so forth , was n't remotely an issue , nobody was forced to go or be religious and many students exercised that right . 
  you do n't seem to understand that sport is not a publically funded institution ( for the most part ) . 
  if mcdonalds do a deal with coke to make sure that coke is sold and advertised in their restaurants then that 's fine . 
  kobe byrant is no different from mcdonalds , in this case , he 's a private interest , not a publically funded institution . 
  since when did a bribe require that the person making it specified what was done with that bribe ? 
  when a politician takes a bribe give an unfair advantage to a certain company does that company then say `` oh you have to spend on what we want you to buy '' . 
  bribes are nothing to do with that . 
  however here is a clear case where coke has used its wealth to gain an unfair advantage by being able to advertise in a school , something that other companies would not be able to do without the wealth and brand recognition that coke possesses . 
  it 's obvious unethical and that 's all there is to it . 
  in the end , coke does n't give a fuck about schools , it does n't matter to them if the school system in the us becomes the greatest in the world or the worst , it cares about profit margins for its investors and that is all . 
  what boggles the mind is how at ease most americans are with these self-serving groups of people , these wolves in sheep 's clothing , interfering with aspects of their lives that should be protected from these selfish groups . 
  i 'm sorry but i 've just read what you linked and it basically acknowledged that it was n't able to adjust for the different definitions of violent crime because they did n't have the data . 
  it 's virtually impossible to do this for the whole of europe anyway because every country defines everything differently . 
  even knowing that there is so much aggravated assault in germany and so much in the us does n't do it , because while gef\u00e4hrliche k\u00f6rperverletzung might be the closest thing to aggravated assault in the german legal system , the two still are n't remotely comparable because they are defined differently . 
  even when we know what percentage of gef\u00e4hrliche k\u00f6rperverletzung would be charged as aggravated assault in the us , it still does n't do it , because each legal system has different characters . 
  for example the us system is adversarial , which means two parties fight it out with argument to try to convince a jury that someone is guilty or not guilty , germany has a civil system , where a judge will be presented with the facts by each side and the judge will make the decision regarding whether there is enough evidence to convict . 
  the us system has plea bargaining which mean a lot of people simply take lesser sentences even when they would have been found not guilty in court because it 's too much of a risk to do that . 
  meanwhile germany has a much lower stakes system , in germany a judge might not have as much evidence as would be required to convict in the us , yet still believe the party to be guilty , and therefore will give out a minor punishment , like a fine or community service , which he thinks is proportional to what can be proved rather than having to dismiss the case . 
  a us judge might be bound by minimum sentencing regulation , and therefore prefer to not convict than risk putting an innocent man in prison . 
  ultimately it 's very hard to compare . 
  however [ here is someone who has actually tried to do a far comparison only look at the uk ] ( https://dispellingthemythukvsusguns.wordpress.com/ ) ( which is easier to compare due to being a common law adversarial legal system like the us . ), 
  it found that :, 
  you are thus 1.1 x ( 135.7 / 113.7 ) more likely to suffer robbery in the uk than in the us . 
  you are thus 1.52 x ( 702.1 / 460.1 ) more likely to suffer burglary in the us than in the uk . 
  you are thus 4.03 x ( 4.6 / 1.14 ) more likely to be murdered in the us than in the uk . 
  you are thus 1.27 x ( 58.3 / 45.8 ) more likely to be knifed in the uk than in the us . 
  you are thus 35.2 x ( 3.17 / 0.09 ) more likely to be shot dead in the us than in the uk . 
  you are thus 1.02 x ( 26.7 / 26 ) more likely to be raped as a female in the us than in the uk . 
  you are thus 6.9 x ( 241.05 / 34.7 ) more likely to suffer aggravated assault in the us than in the uk . 
  you are thus 1.29 x ( 229.5 / 176.9 ) more likely to suffer the theft of a vehicle in the us than in the uk . 
  even this is a flawed comparison because as i mentioned before there are always variables we ca n't account for , even when we account for the variables we can account for . 
  personally i think these stats make a lot of sense , it seems logical that in a country with low gun ownership there would be more stabbing . 
  it also seems more likely that a country where both gun ownership and self-defence through fatal response are not enshrined in the law that the rate of robbery would be higher because robbers have a lower risk of getting hurt . 
  those same people who are deterred from robbery are probably the same ones pushing up the burglary rate in the us because in most cases they 'll know nobody is home . 
  it 's logical that the rate of rape would be very similar in each country since this is a crime that is not particularly affected by gun ownership . 
  what seems clear enough to me though is that in the us you are more likely to be the victim of a high-stakes crime like murder or aggravated assault by far , which imo is where it matters . 
  although it means nothing , admittedly , in my subjective view personal safety seems to be much more of a concern in the us than in much of europe , albeit typically localised to inner city areas . 
  while there are parts of europe that you do n't want to hang around in for too long , it seems to me subjectively that there are more of these the us than most of europe . 
  that said i ca n't speak for the whole of europe because there are countries like romania and bulgaria which i have absolutely know clue about . 
  you do n't seem to understand what the murder rate is . 
  the murder rate is not affected by population because it 's a calculation that is already adjusted for population . 
  it counts how many murders there are per 100,000 people in a country . 
  if you must know my country has 80 million people and is called germany . 
  this makes it roughly one 1/4 of the size of the us population wise . 
  however , unless you 're going to provide an argument to the effect that countries with 320 million people rather than 80 million people are somehow more inclined towards killing each other i do n't see why it 's remotely relevant . 
  is there something about countries , such that when they go over 100 million or some other figure , they suddenly become a lot harder to prevent and deter murders in ? 
  because that 's what you 'd have to argue to make it a relevant fact . 
  ergh it 's not the government institutes turning a profit , it 's the corporations turning a profit off the government institutions . 
  germany, 
  why do airports provide washrooms , prayer rooms and such for muslims ? 
  why do prisons have chapels and the same ? 
  the government has a duty to provide people what they need to attend school . 
  muslims needs prayer rooms to attend school or they would n't be able to attend . 
  simple as that . 
  who are the american government to tell muslims they do n't need to , or are n't allowed to perform prayer in school ? 
  wow , american schools are obviously more fucked up that i previous imagined . 
  advertising in schools is nigh on dystopian . 
  fyi that 's the legal definition of a bribe , however that does n't mean it 's not ethically a bribe . 
  frankly schools should n't need to take money from business like that , if america was a sane place they 'd see that was strong evidence they need to raise taxes to fund the school system , it 's completely fucking wacky . 
  america is a weird place . 
  that 's not how a bribe works . 
  a bribe is when you offer someone money to do something you want , despite that thing being unethical or at least dubious . 
  it has nothing to do with how the money is spent . 
  this is a bribe because coca-cola is using money to get the school to do what they want ( give them publicity ) . 
  coca-cola is getting it 's branding inside of schools with money . 
  allowing private interests into schools is dubious because kids are impressionable , and this gives them the message that coca-cola is ok . 
  whether or not coca-cola is ok is question everyone must answer by themselves , but they should n't have their judgement influenced by being exposed to that branding within the school system . 
  oh , come on . 
  the school system here is not perfect but it does n't drug test children , suspend kids who were assaulted just because they put up some resistance , or market them products in order to boost their budget . 
  no , that 's not what an ad hominem is . 
  an ad hominem would be `` america is fucked up and wacky , that is why ... '' ( although this would technically be an `` ad patriam '' ) . 
  i 'll explain it one last time . 
  allowing private corporations to give money directly to schools in the form of grants in return for marketing is immoral because it tacitly endorses coca-cola as a private interest group . 
  children are impressionable and when an authority figure such as a school tells them `` today is coke day , everyone where these branded t-shirts and pose for this pr stunt '' , it sends out a message that coca-cola is ok . 
  whether or not coke is ok is n't the question , it 's whether it 's ethical for public sector works to influence people 's decision when they 're only children . 
  this is n't just true for coke by the way . 
  it 's true of all private companies . 
  educators should not be influencing children 's perception of private interests when they are still minors . 
  it 's simple as that . 
  the way these companies get people to be good unquestioning loyal customers for life is to get them when they 're young . 
  would obese people still be scoffing down mcdonalds if those golden arches had n't been programmed into their brain to be associated with happiness from when they were old enough to eat solid foods ? 
  that 's just the way it is but it 's completely irresponsible for the public sector to facilitate it in any way . 
  except religion in school is n't there to be promoted , it 's there because it 's a requirement of meeting certain people 's needs . 
  for them to be equivalent the school would need to do a pepsi day and spezi day and all the different cola brands . 
  amazingly merely having a prayer room in school did n't convert a single person to islam , however i ca n't say the same for advertising and buying coca-cola . 
  where did i say that all americans are the same ? 
  do n't overestimate your diversity . 
  you are one nation , and should be capable of producing a policy that is consistent . 
  actually the way the school system is run at the district level in the us is appalling and leads to massive inequality which is why schools need to pander to private interests to supplement their budgets .
