  even if much of what was believed in the past was false , and we have much better access to information now , at least there were n't so many people gloating that they do n't know simple facts like where poland is or even where uk cities are . 
  i 've seen this kind of proud ignorance too often and i feel it would 've received more scorn in the past . 
  the north voted labour because of thatcher 's legacy . 
  labour was identified with this culture . 
  that did n't mean they embraced the ideals of multiculturalism or pan-european cooperation . 
  many were voting labour almost as a social compulsion within a culture that defined itself against tory austerity . 
  these historical notions have worn thin , as evidenced by ukips success in the north . 
  i 've met plenty of anti-immigration folk in the north , and seen homophobia there too . 
  my experience is in the midlands , and i 'd argue there it 's event worse due to the greater absence of the left wing legacy of the past influencing discourse . 
  when i grew up homophobia was rife , `` gay '' was the go to insult towards any male and was a word used synonymously with bad . 
  complaining about the `` pakis '' and the `` blacks '' could be found in the corners of most pubs . 
  even easier to find was a general reactionary attitude complaining about `` bureaucrats '' , `` health and safety '' , and the `` loony left '' giving all the benefit money to disabled lesbian rastafarians . 
  the same people boasted about being `` doers not thinkers '' , about their `` common sense '' which was really just overly simplistic logic that filled them with childlike self-assured certainty , the kind of people who like to tell people they 're `` nobody 's fool '' and embraced a scepticism that really just meant they could believe whatever they wanted about the world without being challenged . 
  this was , and still is covertly , a large part of british culture , one that 's only been swept under the rug the last few decades of political discourse . 
  while many of us embraced modern thinking , the truth is that these people who espoused these opinions more openly in the 80s and 90s are still around , nothing has changed , they 've just been silenced . 
  the alt-right in britain is a reaction of silencing of those voices , many are overjoyed about brexit seeing it as a sign that we can go back to `` calling a spade a spade '' , and what they really mean by that is a culture of xenophobia and some blatant prioritisation of people who were born on british soil , not to mention casual racism becoming acceptable once more . 
  i think the truth is that you 've got both mate , but the former are a lot more forthcoming and open about their views . 
  i know plenty of people from my area , also in the midlands , who openly embrace modern political ideology . 
  but i can also tell you that i know people who sit in the pub after their shifts and claiming about how the world is going to hell in a hand-basket because of all the muslims and romanians coming over here for health care and free council houses at the expense of british citizens . 
  i 'm saying they are , but i 'm saying there is certainly large pockets of resistance who 've never embraced the ideologies most political parties espouse and think it 's all `` political correctness gone maad ! '' . 
  society has never convinced these people to give up these views , much rather we 've swept them under the table and now it 's coming back to get us . 
  i did n't mean it like that . 
  i just mean that there are a lot of people in the uk for whom different is synonymous with bad , and such people really struggle with the notion of political and cultural pluralism . 
  i do n't mean to blame the less educated segment of the population , you ca n't blame someone for being less intelligent or less capable . 
  what we do n't seem to be admitting though are the toxic elements of our working class culture . 
  i grew up in one of these communities and at the time having long hair as man would get you called `` queer '' in the street and anyone who had aspirations beyond working locally in something steady like a trade was called either a boffin or student slacker . 
  what i 'm trying to disillude people of is the notion that we 're all enlightened now and that brexit must therefore come from some other place of reasoned thought . 
  let 's not kid ourselves , our working class culture is rife with hate for anyone with higher education , aggressive me vs you thinking , hate for the unemployed `` scum '' and `` scroungers '' who do n't `` pull their weight '' . 
  this kind of rhetoric should be familiar to anyone who has n't spent their life in a middle class bubble . 
  these are all very real pressing issues in 21st century britain even if we do n't want to admit it . 
  we 've been pushing the idea of britain as a modern economically thriving forward thinking pluralistic society for ages , the problem is that it is n't , and never was true . 
  we have deep social issues that we 've neglected . 
  the question is why is the culture of poorer parts of the uk so aggressive , so imbued with a mentality of surviving and succeeding at any cost even at the expense of others , of focussing on conflict rather than cooperation , of settling issues with force rather than compromise . 
  it 's like as soon as immigrants arrived in britain the much of working classes said fuck it , no point is fighting for universal social improvement now because it will benefit the other as well , might as well start living as if i 'm in some kind of dystopian novel . 
  i do n't live in london , but london has a high number of progressives that 's undoubtedly the case . 
  many people who did n't like it moved out to places likes essex . 
  london is progressive , and london is economically prosperous , but this mentality is really only shared by pockets in the rest of england . 
  i think it 's actually because the left wing tried to use political correctness to shut down discourse in the hope it would put an end to outmoded ideas about race , cultural homogeneity , white britons first etc. 
  i think you can see it in the period between say , not the 9 ` o'clock news and goodness gracious me on bbc 2 . 
  in some pockets of britain this shift was welcomes with open arms , in other pockets of our society it was detested but people felt that if they spoke up about it they would be socially shamed . 
  we never really solved this problem with our society , we merely suppressed it . 
  there 's a deep longing in the uk and the us for a return to a dominant cultural identity with minority issues as subsidiary . 
  many people enjoy or even crave the sense of rightness and justification that mentality brings . 
  i think it 's actually very little to do with material economic problems , because while these do exist , they 've existed in british society far longer than these issues . 
  we 'd have to go back to the 70s and 80s to address the poverty of traditional working class issues , and since then these issues have , if anything , improved . 
  notice how the people feeling marginalised and ignored are n't voting for parties that want to expand the welfare state or stop austerity . 
  rather they 're voting for traditionalists and right wing economists that promote cultural homogeneity , traditional values , and putting the majority first . 
  except they have , things generally have got better over the last 20 years . 
  economically deprived areas now were almost all economically deprived before free of movement was even a thing . 
  they have remained poor not because of the eu but because of domestic policy . 
  mostly , they 've been neither advantaged nor disadvantaged by eu membership . 
  however , this narrative has been created and taken up as a symbol of everything that 's been bad about the last 20 years old politics since tony blair . 
  the eu is , in most ordinary people 's minds , an abstract symbol of social change onto which anything can be projected . 
  the anger is n't arising from material conditions , but from psychological reactions to far more complex political events . 
  by tools i mean the strong guidance towards critical thought and analysis , not access to information . 
  it 's more of a mentality thing , which of course is part of motivation . 
  compared to much of europe where everyone from the poorest fisherman to the intellectual classes tells their kids that education is incredibly important , the key to a better life and future , too often in england do we hold the mentality that it 's all a bunch of impractical theoretical bollocks with no bearing on the real world , and it shows in how working class community disregard , and sometimes even disrespect , the notion of education in favour of an idealised self-made man narrative . 
  how on earth are the british always gloating ? 
  are you sure you 're not confusing us with the ones saying `` you 'd be speaking german if it were n't for us . '', 
  and `` back to back world war champs '' because those people are n't british . 
  which disasters would those be ? 
  because europe for the most is a pretty nice place to live and incredibly politically stable . 
  furthermore there 's no evidence of anyone losing work or salary because of eu migrants coming to the uk , it 's just the block of labour fallacy . 
  truth is that so often it 's racist ideas , consciousness or unconscious , that make people believe hysterical false narratives like the idea that europe is in crisis due to immigration , or that their salaries are n't as high as they should be because of eu migrants , or that jobs are being exported out of the uk . 
  why is it always people who 've never been to cologne to say it 's being overtaken by muslim sex offenders , or people who 've never been to malmo who think the city is a war zone ? 
  europe has far fewer problems than it did even 20 years ago , it 's in the medias interest to stir up drama and convince you everything is just terrible . 
  we 're hand waving them away because they 're objectively not true , they 're just narratives tabloids like to press because it sells papers . 
  sadly , we 've lost our good old british sense of proportionality , and have become more like the americans with dramatic overreactions to everything . 
  last weeks attack was a prime example , couple of crazies attack people in their car and a knife anyone could 've bought , and suddenly you 've got people calling for drastic measures . 
  previous generations of britons would be ashamed of our dramatic responses to quite manageable political problems , when ever has the world not had problems ? 
  i 'm not out of touch at all . 
  i know they believe this stuff and why they believe this stuff . 
  the sad thing is that they 're completely and objectively wrong . 
  half the electorate are capable of being wrong , it 's really not that infeasible . 
  so bankrupt much of it has a higher gdp per capital ( ppp ) than the uk ? 
  over in germany they 're just trembling at the thought that their considerably larger economy will die without britain . 
  good argument . 
  mate i 've heard every brexit argument under the sun . 
  none of them actually stand up to rigourous examination . 
  being from a pretty economically deprived area i totally understand the anger and sense of being overlooked the british working class experiences , but this sense of outrage has been foisted onto completely the wrong people and is only going to make those working class communities poorer and less relevant than ever . 
  spent most of my life in the midlands with a few years in the nw . 
  obviously ca n't speak for everyone , but i 've seen enough of the country to see that these experiences are n't a one off . 
  it 's both tragic and hilarious that that is the level at which many brexiteers engage with it . 
  are you replying to my comment ? 
  i do n't get the relevance ? 
  jesus calm down , brighton definitely falls under london 's sphere of influence . 
  mate i do n't live in london . 
  how could i be being londoncentric when i 've spent 99 % of life out of london ? 
  i can tell you where i grew up , the back end of the midlands . 
  it was shit , the people were pretty damn awful , racism and homophobia were relatively common and that was obvious to me and i 'm white and straight . 
  when i was younger i worked in a clothes shop with a bunch of pensioners , they were nice in other respects but soon as they got to the staff they 'd be grumbling about the asian people who return the clothes stinking of curry apparently . 
  this was not a one off experience , knew plenty of guys who were plumbers and brickies and stuff ( i was a labourer at the time ) , and they grumbling no end about how the poles do the work for free or how it 's the romanians knicking their tools ( it was actually a myriad of nationalities including white people ) . 
  not to mention how gay was used continuously as both an insult and to mean bad , and how much male bonding revolved around idea of being straight . 
  what do you think happened between then and now ? 
  apart from maybe some years passing ? 
  it 's not like those opinions and mentalities went away . 
  it 's still all there seething beneath the surface it 's just becoming less acceptable to display it publicly to people who are n't like minded . 
  brexit was a perfect opportunity for all those to harbour resentment against foreigners and liberals to strike out in anonymity . 
  the problem is that education is the most important time in your life , not because your exam results will affect your career , but because it 's the time at which your mind is formed . 
  the information you acquire there will define the way you think the rest of your life .
