  obviously you need to have a proper address to do this registration , and you might even need the owner of the property to sign off on it . 
  also in most countries technically you 'll need to have health insurance as a requirement of living in the country ( although in my experience they 're not too hot on enforcing that , but if you dawdle on doing it they 'll make you pay out the arse when you finally do get round to it ) , since much of europe uses the bismark system ( a public health insurance trust that requires all citizens to pay into monthly as a kind of pseudo-tax which then subsidises the cost of health care on demand , unemployed people are then expected to appeal to the correct government agency who 'll pay it for them ) . 
  however the uk actually has beautifully lenient bureaucracy compared to most of europe , and a wonderfully simple healthcare system . 
  turn up with your passport and you 're basically done . 
  no need to register with the government immediately . 
  you can take a flat straight away by virtue of having a eu passport alone , and from the moment you 're in the country you 're technically covered for the health insurance through the nhs ( although you 'll need to register at a local gp surgery if you want gp appointments , bring your passport and ehic card ) . 
  even getting a flat in the uk is wonderfully simple , since the law is less protective of tenants than much of europe , you wo n't usually need to have mountains of paperwork ( work contract , credit check , reference from employer ) just to get a flat . 
  usually it 's a matter of committing yourself to a six month rental contract and making a good impression to the landlord and that 's about it . 
  you 'll have to pay the deposit and they might ask for the first few months up front , depends on the landlord . 
  if you 're late on payments , of course , as private landlords they are able to evict you more readily , but as long as you 've got some money saved you should be just fine . 
  you can also go through an agency / estate agents without paying through the nose for it ( in some countries like germany these people want stupid money for finding you a flat ) , the agency only takes a small cut for putting you together with the landlord , but usually takes on no further responsibilities after the point of facilitating the contract . 
  some landlords do use agencies to manage their properties but the cost of this should already be accounted for in the cost of the rental . 
  your flat will even come with a kitchen installed !, 
  all you need is the movable furniture . 
  what 's great is that as long as you 've got a uk address to send and receive post from then you 're good to start registering with the relevant authorities , applying for the tax information you need to work and registering at a local gp so you can get doctor 's appointments . 
  i think you need to get a national insurance card so there will be some paperwork for that ( not 100 % of that though ) . 
  in my experience most employers are n't too fussy and provided you have an eu passport then you 'll let you start work , although you might get put on an emergency tax code until you sort out the paperwork and you can lose money doing this ( emergency tax codes are taxed at the highest rate until they are resolved , and the only way to claim this money back is by way of a tax refund which means more paperwork and waiting around for months until it comes through . ), 
  banks in the uk , again , easy . 
  they 'll need to see your passport and they 'll probably want to see 2 headed letters from official institutions / known companies that have been sent to you as proof of address . 
  this could be a utility bill ( gas/water/electricity ) , or a letter from a government institution . 
  living in europe for the last couple of years has really shown me that the uk actually has quite a light bureaucratic system compared to many countries , and the simplest healthcare system in the world . 
  the hoops you have to jump through are minimal and you rarely have to go speak to government agencies face to face , which is nice . 
  rainbows  brownies  guides is how it works in the uk , are you sure you 're not thinking of the version for younger kids ? 
  this is the female version of beavers  cubs  scouts . 
  i think members of the fire services are generally highly respected in the uk . 
  however , `` heroes '' might be going too far . 
  they are n't as idolised as in the us , they wo n't be getting discounts or `` thank you for your service `` s. just doing a job might be a little dismissive though . 
  i 'd say they were just like the police but a lot of people have a negative attitude towards the police , so i guess they 're treated like the police would be if they did n't have the negative stigma attached . 
  who are the boy scouts scouting and why ? 
  i think the guide term was just reinforce their image as socially responsible and willing to help . 
  maybe , at the time of their formation , the term `` scout '' was considered a bit too masculine and almost militaristic for the respectable young ladies of the era . 
  i 'll do my best to translate :, 
  now official : the exchange moves to london, 
  headquarters in london , the boss is meant to be a german . 
  it 's still unclear what would happen in the case of a brexit . 
  now it 's official : the planned mega-exchange of the german stock exchange and london stock exchange shall have its base in london and be incorporated under british law . 
  this was announced by both companies this friday . 
  on thursday there were already substantiated reports about it . 
  the main sites of each company are to remain in london and frankfurt , and in both cities the companies are to be listed on the stock exchange . 
  it is to be conducted by the head of the conglomerate of the german stock exchange , carsten kengeter . 
  the chief of the board will be donald brydon , who currently performs this task for the london stock exchange . 
  the head of the london stock exchange , xavier rolet , will resign once the transaction is complete . 
  both companies are convinced that the eu 's current regulatory and political structures should remain in force . 
  `` both parties know that the decision of the british electorate over the leaving of the eu poses a risk to the project '' they explained . 
  therefore they have formed a referendum committee . 
  it is intended to examine , what effects a brexit would have and make suitable recommendations regarding how the company could respond to it . 
  totally irrelevant to this interview , but there 's something so brutal when irish people put your down . 
  when other nationalities do it it 's just so much easier to brush it off as them being a cunt , it 's like `` yeah ? 
  well , fuck you too buddy !, 
  '' , but irish people just say it so matter of factly it makes you feel like they 're saying or for your benefit or something . 
  it 's a total generalisation but there 's something about that accent that makes it hard to think they 're such a bad guy , when i know for a fact that cunts are just as common in ireland as they are anywhere else in the world . 
  i ca n't even listen to this guy , he talks way too fast and exuberantly for such a long video . 
  say what you like , it 's a real name and existed before the harry potter bs . 
  i think it looks more like a mushroom trip , acid is more geometrical while mushrooms gives everything that kind of dirty textured feel . 
  i 'm not musically trained at all , but i 'm pretty sure most of those `` mistakes '' you hear are on purpose and creative interpretation, 
  serious question , why are professional classical musicians almost all cunts ? 
  seems they 're almost all a bunch of prima donnas who exaggerate the slightest flaws of others whilst simultaneously holding that their shit does n't stink and that any success of another person over themselves must be due to mitigating factor or grave injustice . 
  k mate , keep pretending music is n't entirely subjective and that you have n't spent your whole life learning to imitate the opinions of others . 
  i 'm certain because my opinion is just as valid as yours , and it 's only a weird cult of music people who claim otherwise despite no objective evidence to support that belief . 
  you can still quite easily teach english in germany as a native speaker without the ridiculously long teacher training though , you just ca n't teach it to school children in a school . 
  i recommend :, 
  that 's weird , because in my experience in german fast food places even if the staff do n't really speak english at all they are expected to know the english translations of the all the common fast food terms as part of the training . 
  so even if they do n't know english they 're expected to know that , gro\u00df = large . 
  frankly i find it hard to believe what you said because on the half the stuff , like the breakfasts , it actually says regular , large , etc. 
  on the menus . 
  if you speak english and live in a small village though you 're not going to pass up that one chance to actually use it . 
  gymnasium seems a bit fucky to me . 
  also you need latin to be a doctor , i mean seriously ? 
  ca n't say i 'm a fan of the german education system , very restrictive . 
  many germans seem to be very proud of it and hold germany to be academically superior to the rest of europe , but when questioned they seem just a dumb as everyone else in my experience . 
  had a discussion with some germans last week about economics , they did n't seem to know the first thing about interest rates or the relationship between that and inflation , it was weird , they were all lawyers and accountants and stuff . 
  the average german dinner party conversation seems no more informed than anywhere else in europe , although some germans seem prone to believing that it is . 
  however replicating what is written on paper is n't music . 
  i 'm insulting you because you came across as an elitist ass . 
  typically in germany the polite thing is to lock eye contact with the person you 're speaking too , move your face menacingly into their personal space , and then shout what you have to say at the top of your lungs . 
  this shows your conversational partner that you acknowledge them as an equal and are willing to engage them in ~ ~ battle ~ ~ conversation . 
  it might seem aggressive to those uninitiated into the ways of germanic culture but it is , in fact , the height of respect . 
  failure to do so could be perceived as a slight . 
  if anything , this is testimony to the vast cultural differences at play , on par with the fact that germany only has 3 different types of pizza . 
  as a professional pianist , i think she is competent enough at mechanically pressing the piano keys to do as she bloody well pleases , i personally enjoyed her interpretation , however , i ca n't understand why asshats like you feel entitled to come along and claim it was `` incorrect '' . 
  you are literally the reason why nobody gets involved with classical music and the genre is constantly grubbing around for government funding . 
  fyi you 're not an artist , you 're a translation device whose job could be done better by a computer . 
  k m8 , i do n't even care about your opinion , you 're entitled to it . 
  what 's more indicative of your arrogance is how often you 've posted on this thread just to talk about your musical training and say that the performance was bad . 
  d\u00f6ner spezial , wurstchen spezial und lahmacun ( warning : all contain sweet corn and are served with mayonnaise ), 
  yeah , i just meant in a more general sense . 
  i 've taught english ( to adults ) in germany for a few years and this gives me lots of opportunity to hear the opinions of ordinary germans . 
  also some experience of the educational system in general . 
  i saw a poll decently where germany scored just below america when asked the question `` do you think your culture is superior to others '' , which would have shocked me a couple of years ago but makes sense to me now . 
  i do hear a lot of stuff from germans about how x y z is superior in germany , healthcare , education , plumbing , building codes , driving tests , legal system , you name it , there 's a german who 's proud of it , although it 's not the same as the straight up unsubtle nationalistic pride you see in the us . 
  i often hear negativity towards the french/british/dutch way of doing things . 
  they 're mostly lovely people but many have some rather misplaced assumptions about the rest of the world and how it compares to germany . 
  also the education here system i feel is very narrow . 
  i 've spoken to many people who would 've liked to have tried to be doctors but now work as nurses / chiropractors / physiotherapists even heilpraktikers but this opportunity was all but taken from them when they did n't make it into the gymnasium . 
  ultimately , when i speak to germans they do n't seem any more informed or more on the ball than other countries in my experience . 
  celts are just jealous they 're not the real basques ( the original people of the british isles before your lot came from gaul and wiped them all out , a bit like what did later on ) . 
  i was like shit , it 's narrated by the mother from mediocre comedy sitcom `` my family '' . 
  yeah , everyone goes when they 're like 19 , but the dredges keep going year in year out until they 're well into their 40s . 
  i viddy that that banda of natsats just need a little drenchrome in their brookas to get them ready for a bit of the old ultra violence . 
  the irony is that the american car industry is an international jokes and freedom is something that post 9/11 is definitely in question .
