  i think it 's more of a cultural thing . 
  both partners typically , but the child often just takes the patronymic name . 
  it was also a tradition amongst many european aristocrats to create double barrelled surnames , since if the female surname was of high social status it made sense to advertise that fact . 
  if zebra was meant to be pronounced `` zee-bra '' then it would be spelt as zeebra . 
  zebra rhymes with debra . 
  why ? 
  because all the letters are fucking same except for the first one . 
  do you pronounce `` bed '' as beed ? 
  do you pronounce the name seb as seeb ? 
  did n't think so . 
  lol understand what ? 
  breaking the hyde park agreement , and running against the spirit of the quebec agreement ( which was sadly only applicable to roosevelt 's administration ) . 
  the us copy of the hyde park agreement having famously become `` lost '' after roosevelt 's administration came to an end . 
  it 's amazing how ill publicised this bare faced betrayal of its closest ally by the american government is . 
  especially given how much it affected anglo-american relations in the period afterwards , and consequently how much impact it had on the degree of britain 's activity in the pacific theatre after the war . 
  had this not happened , it could have meant a closer military coalition between the us and uk in the mid-late 20th century , which in turn could have meant a totally different world by now . 
  instead britain took on a mentality of military independence , and although they remained allies , it meant greater divergence of foreign policy . 
  if this had been the case , think of all the stuff that might have turned out differently . 
  the suez canal crisis for example , considered a pinnacle moment in history in regards to the military strength of the british empire , often thought of as the turning point in the empire 's viability , may have played out entirely differently if the anglo-american relations had n't taken a frostier turn after the war . 
  going even further a change like this would have knock on effects things like the vietnam war , the falklands , the relationship of britain and the commonwealth . 
  it really is a key moment in history , yet it does n't get any attention in school and very few people are aware of it . 
  it 's not really different anymore , since the british have almost entirely relinquished to the american naming system , but it used to be that the british system followed the far more logical number naming system common amongst european countries , which is 1,000,000 = million , 1,000,000,000 = milliard , 1,000,000,000,000 = billion . 
  sadly , the american phrase `` billionaire '' took route strongly in other english speaking countries ( milliardaire does n't quite have the same ring to it ) , and this made the adoption of the american naming system inevitable . 
  this is actually quite a recent change , my parents were taught only the british naming convention , but the time i was in school we were taught the british naming system alongside the american change as a side note and the teachers did n't really care which you used , although most kids preferred to use the american ( the rebels that we were ) . 
  as for what kids are taught now , i would n't be surprised if they are taught the american system , with the old british milliard being taught only a footnote . 
  as for why the yanks started to use billion for 1,000,000,000 in the first place i have no idea . 
  the convention of using commas to break up longer numbers , and using a full stop for the decimal point just happens to be an anglo convention that most the english speaking world shares , but that does n't mean there are n't other differences in convention . 
  another thing americans are prone to doing is calling a number like 4600 `` forty six hundred '' whereas in britain these days `` four thousands six hundred '' is far more ubiquitous . 
  [ here 's a good video on the different conventions in regard to numbers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ybbbby4qvv4 ), 
  because the british system was meant to fit the long scale , which is generally preferred by mathematicians . 
  it was meant to fit a pattern of million milliard billion billiard trillion trilliard and so on . 
  [ here 's a video on it from people far smarter than i ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c-52ai_ojyq ), 
  short scale, 
  10 ^ 6 = million = 1000 ^ 2, 
  10 ^ 9 = billion = 1000 ^ 3, 
  10 ^ 12 = trillion = 1000 ^ 4, 
  10 ^ 15 = quadrillion = 1000 ^ 5, 
  long scale, 
  10 ^ 6 = million = 1,000,000 ^ 1, 
  10 ^ 9 = milliard, 
  10 ^ 12 = billion = 1,000,000 ^ 2, 
  10 ^ 15 = billiard, 
  10 ^ 18 = trillion = 1,000,000 ^ 3, 
  10 ^ 21 = trilliard, 
  10 ^ 24 = quadrillion = 1,000,000 ^ 4, 
  considering that `` bi '' means two , and `` tri '' means three , and `` quad '' means four , the long scale makes much more sense . 
  if you think the americans motivations were entirely on the grounds of ideological opposition to the empire then you 're seeing the world through rose tinted spectacles in my opinion . 
  yes , opposition to colonialism was a reason the us gave for undermining the british during the post-war era . 
  it was not * the * reason though . 
  this was a country that was simultaneously playing its own devious games geopolitically often with total disregard for other nations ' sovereignty . 
  it was also a country in the grips of mccarthy style mistrust and nationalism . 
  in reality , their motivation was strongly influenced by the government 's desire to become the uncontested global power on the planet , which it succeeded in doing . 
  the us saw that it did n't need to share as much power with the british as it had before the war and capitalised on the weakened state of britain to support us favourable foreign policy influencing the geopolitical situation . 
  ultimately , all i 'm saying is that had churchill-roosevelt like anglo-american relations continued after the war we might 've seen the us sharing the bomb , taking a more ambivalent stance on the empire and so on , which could have given rise to greater anglo-american military cooperation throughout the latter part of the 20th century . 
  instead what we actually got was britain and france cosying up together , both trying to control their colonies/former colonies , leading coalitions together in africa and the middle east , building concorde together , and so on . 
  i can just imagine an alternative timeline where truman never got it , and whoever did continued the collaborative efforts of the uk-us . 
  who know what we might have seen . 
  british forces in vietnam ? 
  egypt under british rule ? 
  nuclear war with russia ? 
  who knows ? 
  a realistic pirate film would be totally boring for the most part . 
  i mean these guys were at sea living in these conditions for weeks and months at a time , sometimes not evens seeing another ship . 
  i mean it 's not just being a pirate that sucked back then , sounds me like sailing was just a terrible fucking job . 
  psychedelics are generally pretty cool . 
  that said , back when they were legal in the uk , i know a few guys that basically went crazy with them , and would take them every single weekend . 
  it actually turned them into a bunch of really boring fuckheads with no ambition or drive whatsoever . 
  they went from the kind of people that would get drunk/high and do fun stuff while in that state , so just utterly clich\u00e9 crusty types . 
  all they would do is go to each others houses and smoke weed and take shrooms every weekend . 
  personalitywise it were as if they had just totally disconnected from society , it 's like they just tuned out of ordinary life , stopped caring about college , work , sex , television , any of the things we hold as common ground with other people . 
  their sense of humour really went out the window too . 
  one guy went from straight a student at gcse to not even bothering to finish his a-levels . 
  i saw something similar happen to a group of kids who really got into taking pills . 
  i 'm talking bucket loads of pills , taking them on weeknights even , and at the weekend often taking double figures to try to squeeze out a buzz . 
  this led them to become similarly disconnected from society , but even more weird and neurotic and the mushroom taking guys . 
  the stimulant factor made these guys kind of crazy and a few times i saw them displaying some really weird ocd like behaviour and talking to themselves and stuff , often saying things that do n't really make sense . 
  point is that psychedelics , and even stuff like mdma , can be used as a tool for helping yourself with emotional stuff , but when taken in excess is can have the exact opposite affect , negatively impacting your personality and destroying creativity . 
  it 's a fine line between to two , and often people convince themselves they 're getting good out of a drug when in fact you are going harming yourself . 
  obviously because they 'd never known anything different the fact they were fucking someone who smelt like pig sty , had a fine layer of grime over their entire body , and probably did n't have all their teeth did n't bother them . 
  i often wonder what would really happen to time travellers , honestly i think if they went back any further than the early 20th century it would be massively traumatic for them , and they might even go crazy if they had no way to return . 
  one , the conditions of life would be so bad in comparison to our era , dead horses decaying the shit filled gutters , everyone 's breath smells like death , pock marked sick looking people at every turn , growth stunted kids that look 12 but are actually 18 , even finding a bed that was infested with bed bugs and the like would be hard . 
  two , the morality would seen totally alien to them . 
  people being hanged for often seemingly minor crimes to the cheers of blood thirsty crowds , yet things like child abuse and exploitation would be rampant , men were expected to risk their lives in bloody wars for less money than the typical aristocrat would spend on toilet paper ( if toilet paper is even invented yet ) , women were expected to sleep with and care for their husbands even if they were abusive shits . 
  even if you went back with things of value so that you became rich , you 'd probably find that an aristocrats life prior to the 20th century was less glamorous than even the poorest person living in a 1st world country 's life is today . 
  they might have had barrels of gold but they still had to deal with the smells , the food , and lack of hygiene . 
  people just like to hate on people for having nice cars . 
  got a ferrari ? 
  must have a small dick . 
  got a bmw ? 
  must be a sales rep from macclesfield with greased back hair and a blue tooth hands free device in your ear at all times . 
  got to love the 3 lane motorways in the uk . 
  in germany you often get 2 lane sections of autobahn , and it basically gives you a choice , go fast or go slow , because if you in the fast lane at anything less than 100mph you 'll get assholes coming up your arse every few minutes , and in the slow lane you 'll be stuck behind lorries with limiters . 
  just occurred to me that the way americans say `` dead '' is very similar to how british people say `` dared '' . 
  by the end all i could hear was `` dared , dared , dared '' . 
  haha your hometown is synonymous with tacky and insignificant . 
  the difference is that in the uk you have the motorway system , 3 lanes , and the dual carriageway system , 2 lane , whereas in germany the autobahn just changes from 3 to 2 whenever it damn well pleases . 
  that 's nowhere near as bad as not being able to pass at all though . 
  i think the uk system works well most of the time . 
  while you do have the rule that says you should be full left unless overtaking , in reality the lane discipline is n't as strict as germany . 
  nevertheless it works because what you get is people doing 60-70 in the slow lane , 70-85 in the middle lane , and 85 + in the fast lane .
