  you think you 're all big and hard now ? 
  you 're getting recorded you little slag , and it 's s ------ w ----- i 'm going to kill you !, 
  girl 1/3 : i 'm s ------ p -------- i 'm going to punch your head in . 
  you little muppet !, 
  muppet is n't a `` curse word '' though , it 's just like calling someone a tool . 
  if you say so ... 
  thanks a bunch , your scouse is exquisite , do you know what she 's saying between `` stop it girl '' and `` they 're gon na bring bizzies '' ? 
  definitely sounds like something , sounds to me like `` get away from her '' or '' guna wait for her '' or something . 
  i do n't think many people have realised that they 've done this due to the thickness of the accents !, 
  haha, 
  no , that 's bullshit , please go back to the post the previous poster was responding to . 
  both are bastardisations compared to how english was spoken before the split . 
  the english spoken in britain has never sounded remotely `` american '' . 
  wish journalists would stop propagating this myth . 
  why would anyone believe that dickheads are n't universal ? 
  here 's a handy guide, 
  slag = whore , slut, 
  grass = informant , snitch, 
  muppet = popular american puppets which are used to mean idiot/fool in the uk, 
  on me own = on my own , alone, 
  tramp = homeless person , but when aimed at a female often means something like dirty whore . 
  bizzies = police, 
  if you want to pick the worst examples of any culture you can talk shit about it . 
  ignorant fuckwit . 
  who 's to say which vowels are correct . 
  do you realise mary-marry-merry are all meant to have different vowels ? 
  father and bother have different vowels ? 
  caught and cot have different vowels ? 
  hell if you go further back wine and whine are meant to be pronounced differently , should you pronounce laugh with a guttural - g rather than an - f , do n't be a cunt . 
  if you mean getting your arse beat then yes . 
  yes , because this sample is entirely representative of the entire uk . 
  well it 's not a good joke . 
  it 's fucking annoying how so many people seem to think their way of speaking is canon . 
  everyone speaks a dialect and every dialect has fucked up features that are different from how the words were originally intended to be pronounced . 
  scouse is not different to any dialect , it has it 's own rules do n't be a dumbass . 
  yeah you might be right . 
  sounds a like hard ` un but on another listen sounds like there 's a little ng in there . 
  valyrian mother tongue mine is !, 
  valyrian is my mother tongue !, 
  valyrian is a fucking hard language : /, 
  that 's just a massive conservative over simplification . 
  i know at least half the kids in my school were from fatherless families and none of them ended up like this . 
  why ? 
  because they were from a lower middle class community that was n't in any real poverty , had education , job prospects and a sense of self worth . 
  the only real fuck up i knew went down for armed robbery was both rich and had both parents . 
  it 's way more to do with the communities that these kids come from , and the lack of education within those communities . 
  almost all the worst people come from a similar background regardless of country , and it 's communities that have made being alienated from society into part of their identity and think the only way to survive in life is to be tough because they ca n't or wo n't rely on the community to protect them . 
  the kids grow up surrounded by the violent , survival of the the fittest , education is a waste of time mentality and therefore lack a sense of self-worth or real community , this accounts for the vast majority of criminals . 
  does n't matter if they have fathers or not , because in these communities neither fathers nor mothers instil the right values into their children . 
  humans are way too happy to accept this fuck up mentality because in many ways it 's more natural to us than living in a modern society where you can survive without being a violent hoodlum . 
  it 's true , patrick stewart would 've had a strong local dialect had he not become a classically trained actor . 
  in fact one of the reasons why his way of speaking is so distinctive if because it 's something he artificially learnt at a later in life rather than a standard dialect . 
  that said i personally think the traditional yorkshire dialect a far more pleasant dialect than this modern ghetto scouse these girls are using . 
  no they ca n't ... 
  what ? 
  yeah we have it but we often disapprove of it , [ as hugh laurie and stephen fry demonstrate here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-u0rqkj3tic ) . 
  it 's considered one of those lame commercial imports like father 's day . 
  where did i say that ? 
  there is no natural state of humans , it 's a silly discussion . 
  my point was merely that we 're happy to accept adverse societies , that we readily accept a more limited notion of the social contract than society would have us do . 
  also you seem to be confusing humans being social animals with people not being violent hoodlums . 
  many social animals will still kill and eat their weak or sick , many will kill to gain status or put down rivals , and many will ruthlessly slaughter rival packs for territory . 
  what 's happening in poor criminal communities is that people are taking a different attitude towards life and society than regular people . 
  when normal people see crime they disapprove because they think what if that were to happen to me , it benefits me that that does n't happen . 
  poor alienated communities do n't feel that way because they see it as us and them , `` they '' wo n't afford us these protections even if we abide by their rules , therefore why should we follow them is their reasoning . 
  likewise when people feel authorities are on their side to a tolerable extent , they think to themselves : i do n't need to be violent to protect what 's mine because there are mechanisms to protect me , but when alienated communities start to hate the police and authorities for whatever reason they think no , i must be violent to protect what 's mine . 
  people in alienated communities do not share the wider societies values , the victims of their crimes are often people they do not identify with and therefore feel no obligation to treat with respect , nor do they see violence something abhorrent , but rather something necessary for survival . 
  my point was that for most of history people have lived with these conditions , not that humans are n't inherently social , merely that they 'll readily accept a self-preservation social outlook rather than the kind of social system middle class folks would look towards . 
  for millions of years we lived in hunter gatherer tribes , sometimes it 's hard for people to accept that the tribe is now the `` human race '' or at very least `` the nation . 
  what you 're saying does n't make sense , do you realise that their are mexican cartel bosses who buy their families and local communities lexus and porsches , treat their nieces to grandiose birthday parties and look after their communities too ? 
  it 's not a simple dichotomy between being a violent hoodlum and being a social animal who gains reward from helping people . 
  then they go shoot policemen execution style and chop the heads off rival gangs members . 
  much rather it 's about how you include in your community as humans deserving of protection and the other who can be abused . 
  wow , go back to / r/atheism you neckbeard fuckwit . 
  `` ignoring science '' , pull your head out your arse , you do n't remotely understand the implications of that science you ill-educated smug nerd . 
  i 'm throwing the / r/atheism thing out there about you sound like a stereotypical reddit atheist , anything you disagree with just say it 's against science . 
  i was legitimately attempting to explain my position , you call it a tirade and fall on the old anti-science routine . 
  nothing i said was contradictory to science , did you even read it ? 
  reddit neckbeards will believe anything provided you prefix it with `` science says '' , well social science is n't remotely that simple ... 
  [ herp the derp ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/367fy7/loud_scouse_girls_bully_girl_who_has_to_hide_in/crbl8b5 ), 
  do you know what stereotypical means ? 
  your statement makes no sense whatsoever . 
  either respond on topic or fuck off . 
  thanks for the contribution, 
  scouse , spoken in liverpool , like the beatles, 
  well people like the muppets to in the uk too , but they 're not very serious and they 're comic characters . 
  the implication is that you 're a joke , an incompetent fool . 
  to me it seems like a rather dangerous act when there are children in the car especially . 
  one of those bullets could go through a window and kill someone . 
  the woman was doing a very stupid thing but she was n't a danger to anyone . 
  apart from the guy discharging his weapon i feel it was handled well . 
  it was n't an on the spot fine , she had 30 days during which there will be some kind of appeal process . 
  that said traffic violations are usually hard to contest since if they were treated like serious offences they 'd eat up court resources and everyone and their uncle would be appealing them even when guilty . 
  seems an unnecessary risk nonetheless . 
  i heard the guy invented the noodle saw an american flag once , therefore noodles = american . 
  ffs every good american knows per capita stats are just a commie deception that are n't representative of anything , unless we 're talking about the eu 's gdp , but that does n't count because the eu is n't a country anyway ... 
  and moonboy for all we know !, 
  not a lawyer however i 'm pretty sure most people with disputed bills do n't get sent to prison . 
  they 're either made to pay or the restaurant gives up . 
  i imagine for this to happen the guy needs to a ) insist he 's never going to pay it even if they let him own the cash b ) claim there is no reason why he 's not paying except the fact he does n't want to pay .
