  cue the story about how in ww2 houses that were being abandoned due to the the nazi invasion had bombs attached to eschew paintings knowing that when the nazis got there they would straighten them . 
  might be bollocks but funny nonetheless . 
  i think an enema would probably do the trick . 
  so there is another option, 
  that 's grammatically correct . 
  `` jimmy and i went to the shops '' , `` they gave the money to jimmy and me '' . 
  whenever you would use `` me '' if there was no one else involved then `` me '' is correct . 
  whenever you would use `` i '' if no one else was involved then `` i '' is correct . 
  `` they gave the money to jimmy and i '' is completely wrong , pretentious , and very very annoying . 
  you should be ashamed of yourself , critiquing others ' grammar without having it correct yourself is bloody embarrassing . 
  you can hardly call yourself anal about something when you did n't even bother to look it up . 
  * oh and it 's `` people who say '' not `` people that say '', 
  go for the bidet then . 
  sort of meeting halfway . 
  you obvious have n't because you seem to think that saying `` and me '' is always wrong which it absolutely is n't . 
  you also use `` people that '' which is again wrong . 
  what you 're doing is calling people out on good grammar because you have n't mastered it yourself , all so you can have a smug sense of misplaced superiority . 
  if you 're going to `` call people out '' at least learn the fucking rules yourself . 
  says the `` grammar pedant '' who says `` people that '' . 
  what a joke . 
  being a pedant is bad enough , but being a hypocritical fake pedant is laughable . 
  i 'm fedora free and not irritated by minor grammar issues . 
  you are the uptight fedora wearing virgin who like to get mad about pathetic things . 
  enjoy dying alone !, 
   also , i 'm pretty sure it 's dieing and not dying . 
  lol , it 's not . 
  thanks , as for you , getting words they 'd expect you to spell correctly past the age of 10 wrong is quite the embarrassment . 
  wondering * spiel *, 
  naturally , one must be autistic to be able to spell basic words like dying , spiel and wondering . 
  seems you 're lacking in comprehension skills too . 
  not really , but if you ca n't make sense of that sentence then english is certainly not your strong point . 
  the one you just claimed did n't make sense . 
  you seem mad , you should try making some friends and interacting in real life . 
  simply because someone with a decent social network probably would n't be getting mad on the internet . 
  still seems a far more civilised question than `` hurr durr you autistic and live with yo grandma '' . 
  i just feel sorry for you that 's all . 
  well not all that similar . 
  the batsman plays until he 's out ( or all the balls are bowled ) , that 's very different from 3 hits in a rotation . 
  one batsman can readily score 100 runs . 
  the ball must bounce before the batsman hits it which is another complication . 
  there are some similarities like being caught out by the fielders and also getting out by having the small returned to a point when you 're not in a safe position . 
  to be fair cricket was invented long before baseball so if anything it 's baseball that 's similar to it . 
  good , it 's the only way i can deal with my autism and living with my poor old grandma . 
  you too . 
  are you related to my old physics professor , professor ronson ( i think that what his name , i 've forgotten ) ? 
  he was a cool guy , excellent physics teacher . 
  [ this will blow your mind then ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=url_ltiap10 ), 
  can confirm . 
  am austrian . 
  the music is soo creepy , it 's like inspiring jurassic park level mistrust . 
  that uneasy , oh they 're saying everything is fine but secretly you know everyone is going to die feeling . 
  i wish people would stop calling either of these `` the greatest show '' . 
  they were both top rate , ground breaking , critically acclaimed shows , this is no such as however as `` the greatest show '' . 
  that 's a crock of shit . 
  rt is no more 100 % russian propaganda than fox is 100 % american propaganda . 
  both are relatively biased agenda pushing news sources , but that does n't mean they are completely illegitimate . 
  you 're a moron . 
  anti-semitism really strengthens your point . 
   then in a year ( or probably 3 ) when i graduate , i can get a good job in a good house and live a pretty good life . 
  i actually sprayed milk out my nose . 
  you totally forgot the bit where you beg around for a job living with your parents for a few months sending out cvs all day , perhaps resorting to working a shitty job part time so you can have some of your own money . 
  then starting a job that 's way below your ability under some incompetents , getting paid less than you deserve whilst having your salary decimated by debt . 
  then after a few years and a few changes of job then perhaps , just perhaps , you 'll get to move up to a job with an adequate pay to fund an ok lifestyle . 
  then after a few years of saving you 'll afford a deposit for a mortgage , own your own house and be saddled with 25 years of debt . 
  maybe when you retire you 'll be debt free , provided you 've been able to avoid the pitfalls of divorce , children and so on . 
  makes no difference , even with the best it 's never as easy as you seem to think . 
  nobody walks out of university into buying a house as you 're making out . 
  i ca n't be arsed to challenge your childishly simplistic reasoning . 
  you 're so obviously over simplifying that anyone with a brain can see it , so no need to respond really , an insult was more suited . 
  his teeth and accent tell me he is american . 
  probably did n't have a dental plan as a kid, 
  statistically americans have worse teeth , many people living without dental care in the states . 
  funny how we find an american with terrible teeth and it 's used to make a joke about the british . 
  sort your own nation 's teeth out before trying to make jokes about others . 
  i know what an ad hominem is , you evidently do n't since that is n't one . 
  to say your argument is wrong because you 're a dickhead would be an ad hominem . 
   this guy is promoting socialism . 
  socialism does n't work . 
  it 's this type of simple stuff that makes you look plain silly . 
  is this a mantra you must repeat to yourself to keep believing ? 
  many of the world 's most successful economies have been influenced by socialism . 
  in fact if anything has been shown to be a failure , it 's the type of hardline capitalist economic principles you 're advocating , it 's now uncontroversially accepted that regulated markets are more successful . 
  unbridled competition does n't lead to a more efficient system , the notion that companies that grow too big will be undercut by smaller more novel competitors seems laughable in this modern age . 
  i did n't say you were childish , i said your argument was childish . 
  there 's a big difference . 
  nor did i say `` you do n't have a brain , therefore you are wrong '' ( that would be an ad hominem ) . 
  i said anyone with a brain could poke holes in your reasoning , again not an ad hominem , merely an opinion in fact . 
  i 'm afraid `` ad hominem '' is just one of those words that internet neckbeards have appropriated because they think it will make them appear clever , a bit like the word `` trope '' . 
  it then gets used completely incorrectly over and over until people no longer bother to google what it means , as you have done . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just citing full on communist countries and saying `` socialism has failed '' . 
  that 's not what socialism means . 
  to say `` socialism has failed '' is to say that state ownership of the means of production has failed , that is what socialism means . 
  yet that would be complete bollocks since so many countries have successful state ownership of various industries . 
  * in truth i 've understood every word you 've said , and kudos your german is very good , i just was n't looking for a debate . 
  say hi to your mum for me : , 
   it has . 
  almost anything the state does can be , and is , done better by private corporations . 
  it 's hard not to insult you when you make stupid absolutist statements like this . 
  any economics professor who is n't a kook will tell you mixed economies are uncontroversially the modern way . 
  furthermore a living wage is not at all absurd ( although the notion of giving people # 30,000 a year is somewhat unrealistic ) .
