  if it sells anything like chicken wings or nachos then it 's straying dangerously towards being a bar . 
  also , expect there to be strict rules about when food can be purchased as the chef will got home outside of meal times . 
  - pubs focus on daytime and early evening drinking whereas bars tend to be about the nighttime crowd . 
  acceptable times to visit a pub are 1 ) when you 're getting drunk in the afternoon for some reason i.e you 're celebrating something / you 're a hopeless alcoholic 2 ) when it 's a weeknight and you 've got to work tomorrow so you want to get pissed but not stay out too late 3 ) for pre-drinking before moving on to somewhere more night time oriented . 
  - there is a mandatory decoration code for pubs . 
  they must have antique victorian tat all over the walls , wood panelling , pictures of traditional british stuff like men hunting with ferrets or old estates . 
  modernity has no power here . 
  - pubs are inclusive of all age groups . 
  spotty teenagers with fake ids spend their pocket money next to octogenarians who 've just had their pension money come through . 
  both parties are liable to get a bit rowdy after 5 pints . 
  - the only acceptable music in pubs is as follows 1 ) the radio played illegally by the bar staff when it 's quiet 2 ) inoffensive pop music played at a low volume so you can still talk 3 ) british/irish folk music playing over the sounds of revelry . 
  anything trendy and you 're a bar i 'm afraid . 
  use this handy guide next time you 're in a place that calls itself `` pub '' to see if it 's that most abominable piece of cultural appropriation imaginable : a `` fake pub '' . 
  sadly most so called `` pubs '' outside of her majesty 's realms end up becoming bars because they have to adapt to the drinking culture of their location . 
  there are some good overseas publicans who do their best to claim a piece of foreign soil for britain ( and also ireland in some cases ) , but they 're fighting an unwinnable battle against a tide of wine drinking , cocktail loving , late night opening foreignness . 
  the first thing you learn when you take up golf is that the safest place to be is in front of the player swinging ( i.e where his feet are pointing ) and slightly behind the direction the ball will be travelling . 
  to build up their own economic empire ... the notion it was altruistic was bullshit . 
  yeah , sadly gemma was a little bit to prolific and now it 's not such a desirable name . 
  what you 're talking about only really applies to alliterative two word constructions that often tend to have some kind of onomatopoeic quality with anything close to consistency . 
  it was n't claiming that all words in english follow these pattern . 
  it was just pointing out how there is a tendency towards i  a  o in english phrases . 
  ultimately the difference between `` riff-raff '' and `` tactic '' , is that `` tactic '' is a single word with no intentional alliterative quality . 
  itt : people reading deep meaning into smiling and claiming americans are either disingenuous or happier . 
  how about the actual answer ... it 's just cultural and arbitrary and has no real explanation . 
  i 've spent time some a fair few countries and how people express their emotions always differs slightly . 
  i can tell you that the americans smile more than the british and the british smile more than the germans and in some parts of the world smiling is barely a thing at all . 
  while expressing emotionally physically is an unconscious behaviour in the sense that we 're not aware of it it 's still in many ways a learnt behaviour . 
  there 's a universal element to emotion that you can see in children , but when we get older it becomes much more sophisticated , as there is also a consciously controlled aspect to it too , which one learns as one matures according to standards of the culture . 
  smiling can signify many things . 
  some countries perceive it as deceptive to greet someone with a smile like you 're trying to con them as smiles are usually reserved for trusted members of your social circle , in some countries smiles come across as smug . 
  for example , in the uk the `` knowing smile '' is often very common , where complete strangers smirk at each other with a wry smile acknowledging an implicit understanding of the absurdity of a situation , try this in rural bavaria and they 'll think you 're a bit weird , as they 're less likely to read it as sign of implicit understanding but rather a peculiar reaction to a situation that is neither funny or joyful . 
  people just love stereotypes . 
  the stereotype in asia , and increasingly the rest of the world , is that modern chinese tourists are materialistic , uncultured , obnoxious , nouveau riche types with no idea of how to comport themselves in a civilised parts of the world . 
  so that 's what people see . 
  there 's no point denying the stereotype has some truth to it . 
  you can find videos of chinese `` package holidayers '' letting their kids shit in bins , pushing into airline queues , destroying toilets , and piling up plates at buffets . 
  development in china 's economy has opened the world of overseas travel to tens of millions of chinese people whose parents would 've never had opportunity to travel to europe or the us simply for recreational purposes in the past . 
  the problem with stereotypes is that people take them too much for reality and over apply them or apply them universally . 
  they see what they expect to see . 
  just as not every american orders coca-cola with their meal at a fancy paris restaurant , and just as not every briton is drunk and starting fights with the locals by 11 pm , not every chinese person is doing things because they 're culturally unaware . 
  also there are some people who are dickheads and simply lie about what their order was in an attempt to get free stuff . 
  or they regret their order later and want to change it so just say it was wrong ( e.g they do n't like tomato and did n't notice it had tomatoes in it therefore they did n't say no tomato , so they lie and say they said it anyway ) . 
  when you 're relying on a human to take down the information there 's no point arguing with them as they 'll claim you 're wrong . 
  well objectively they 're wrong is all i 'm saying . 
  i 'm sure some shameless fuckheads will still try it on with an automated service like the shower of cunts they are , but still the actual likelihood of the machine sending the wrong output is so slim as to make them look even more ridiculous . 
  fact is that pornhub has failed massively to deliver what all its investors were hoping for , which was complete control over the major `` porntube '' platforms . 
  from what i 've heard there was huge investment trying to aggressively buy up the competition . 
  the problem was that some of the european sites , most namely `` xvideos '' , refused to sell despite being offered hundreds of millions of dollars . 
  if pornhub had succeeded then we 'd most likely be seeing increased monetisation as they developed a two-tier tube system that gave away shorter clips and less popular porn for free , but kept longer features behind a paywall . 
  because they were n't able to monopolise the market steps towards monetisation were impeded as people were liable to switch sites if they felt the availability of higher quality material diminished on any one site . 
  you can see how pornhub wants to develop the industry in how much it spends on development and marketing to try to capture and retain an audience at a level beyond being a platform for pornographic videos that could be replaced at the drop of a hat by another service . 
  however , their whole direction is held back by the fact that a relatively lightweight but functional site like xvideos can take half their market without spending a penny of marketing and minimal costs on development . 
  personally i think market competition is a good thing , so not letting pornhub take the market means there 's restriction . 
  however , i 'm sure if you talked to most of the porn industry they 'd really prefer pornhub 's vision of people paying for porn again . 
  actually it is realistic . 
  look at how paid streaming services have become popular in recent years . 
  back before streaming services were successful lots of people said it would never work because people would simply got to other sites to pirate the same material for free . 
  you have to change the market by changing the mentality around the product . 
  people pay for netflix for of the convenience . 
  in recent years it 's become increasingly difficult to stream things for free due to heavy handed litigation and use of take down notices , so other than torrent , people are happy to pay for the service . 
  also netflix does lots of original material and netflix exclusives . 
  pornhub are n't planning on buying everything and then putting it behind a paywall and saying fuck you . 
  instead they were hoping to gradually conglomerate most of the tube sites , then introduce an `` elite '' service with high quality hd porn on demand , and then slowly transition that idea to the norm while steadily lowering the quality of porn available on free tube sites . 
  sure they could never stop people seeing their high quality porn for free elsewhere , but they could make it more difficult in a similar way to how streaming high quality non-pornographic content has been made harder by using aggressive copyright enforcement . 
  you do n't have to make it impossible , just difficult enough for the average web user to have difficulty and decide that in the scheme of things a small monthly payment is an acceptable compromise for access to a library of good material . 
  another part of what pornhub wanted to do was to change the image of pornsites generally , by cleaning them up and making a more normal part of the modern internet holding themselves to the same standards for quality and reliability as sites like netflix etc. 
  when you evangelicalise your tech brand you ensure your users feel some degree of loyalty towards your product ( albeit a fickle loyalty ) , but no porn site has managed to clean up its image enough to seem like a trustworthy service on that level . 
  pornhub were n't trying to control the `` tool '' i.e. 
  platform to upload and view porn videos , they were trying to control the branding and the image around the tool by buying all the most popular sites . 
  they would then work to improve their image and respectability ( as pornhub are trying to do with their own brand ) . 
  i 'm sure people would rush to build a new free platform once pornhub started to try and shift to a paid streaming service , but guess what , these people would be `` pirates '' , pornhub could more effectively litigate against a new platform trying to upload copyright material than it could fight the entire tube site industry . 
  then you 'd get a two tiered porn streaming world just as you have with copyright non-porngraphic videos , where you can browse a lovely hd paid service or you can to something watch-free-videos-n-shitxx [ dot ] chxx or smthg and contend with pop up ads , malware links , and constant take downs . 
  sure the savvy pirates amongst us would n't budge and just learn to work around the new environment , the but majority of `` normies '' would just pay the troll toll . 
  i think the reality is that it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  it is true that you 'll never control the amateur porn market , there are indeed too many people willing to upload themselves for free . 
  however , this advert shows us what pornhub 's strategy is for that market , which is to encourage homemade porn producers to upload on their site . 
  like youtube , which pretty much started as simply a platform for videos , they could transition to a system whereby content producers can monetise their content directly on pornhub , without the need for independent websites or a whole lot of faffing around . 
  such a `` porn youtube '' platform could make it vastly easier for amateur porn enthusiasts to make money from their work , and ideally promote exposure . 
  the key to youtube 's success , which is economically counter-intuitive in some respects , is that people are willing to make less per click provided the platform serves as a way for popular content providers to access a larger market . 
  i know a lot of people do n't care about making money off their amateur pornographic content but if there 's the option to readily make a few dollars on the side through revenue sharing then why would n't they . 
  they could also facilitate donations and a paid subscription option ( similar to twitch ) . 
  this would then give them an incentive to not put their porn elsewhere on free sites to avoid loss of revenue . 
  in the early days of video upload sites the very point was give away material ( often copyrighted by not always ) for free . 
  now look how zealously amateur content producers try to police their content on youtube . 
  the most important thing you 're missing though is not everyone is interested in amateur porn anyway , a large market share are looking for higher quality productions with professional stars . 
  this type of content is no different from television content insofar that it ca n't be made by just anyone , and the people who do make it have a strong financial incentive for their content not to be given away for free ( what 's interesting here is that big porn production companies are n't that litigious copyright wise because it 's currently an unwinnable war , a pornhub controlled market could change that sense of hopelessness and aggressive policing of their copyright would become more normal again ) . 
  in recent years the professional porn industry has had to focus quality over quantity , as well as catering for more niche market who will more readily pay for their specific preferred type of content . 
  this has also meant that the market has shrunk , and we have fewer top tier professional stars capable of being paid a good rate for their work . 
  the few that do have that following and power to convince people to actually pay for content are still successful though . 
  pornhubs marketing strategy would continue this trend of high quality porn vs low quality free stuff . 
  pornhub 's strategy is clever and quite feasible but relies on controlling the primary sources of free porn . 
  buy all the popular tube sites . 
  conglomerate them to just a few of the most popular brands, 
  improve their image to make them appear more reputable and trustworthy, 
  create an attractive platform for amateur content producers . 
  introduce a higher tier paid service that would have full feature quality porn in hd ( or 4k more likely these days ) . 
  delegitimise newer and smaller sites that show professional copyright material for free forcing them `` underground '' and thus making them less accessible to average internet users . 
  slowly transition more and more quality porn to the paid services, 
  pornhubs goal would be a two tier porn system whereby people who want free porn come to them , where they can access amateur porn and previews of professional porn for free , and then they are tempted by a high quality low cost service for a few dollars a month that would give them access to full length professional features , no doubt with free trial offers and the like . 
  look at it this way .
