  it 's like, 
  massively different programmes even if some of the technologies explored are similar . 
  h + is a pretty much a straight apocalyptic sci-fi web series telling the story of a singular apocalyptic event arising from technology , in this case ar implants . 
  black mirror is first off an anthology rather than a series , each episode is in its own universe with differing levels of technology . 
  some are clearly meant to be in the very near future , with worlds resembling our own and technology that is currently feasible , some are obviously meant to be further in the future , with all kinds of technology . 
  also two episodes set in the further future might have completely different technologies as well , there 's no required consistency even if there is some degree of overlap . 
  since each episode is self contained there 's no need to watch the episodes in any particular order , although most fans will have their own preferred order recommendation . 
  black mirror however focuses on psychological horror arising from ethical and social dilemmas that would be made possible from mostly plausible near future technology . 
  not to give too much away , but for example , if everyone had optical implants for augmented reality , what would stop say a pick up artist from secretly mentoring someone in real time by using a live stream . 
  black mirror is n't a straight sci-fi , it 's focussed on dystopian themes , it 's mostly taking the worst facets of a post-industrial , technology-centred society to their logical extreme and showing us them in all their horrific ugliness . 
  thus the name black mirror . 
  to do this it crosses genres a great deal , one episode might be more like a political drama , the next might be a detective story , a fall from grace tragedy , even a romance . 
  a lot of people say they ca n't watch more than one episode a day , because it 's too emotionally draining , it makes you walk a way wondering what the hell you 've seen , thinking about the ideas that have been explored . 
  can not recommend enough really . 
  just watch it , it 's not like anything really , the closest thing might be the twilight zone but with technology rather than just generic weirdness and much more satirical social commentary and dark humour too . 
  to be fair that 's not really a wave , the huge spray you are seeing is caused when a wave hit the barrier . 
  that 's why it comes out of nowhere and does n't damage the light house . 
  the real wave was probably pretty big but nowhere near this big . 
  to be fair , i think the failures of our education system have contributed to brexit . 
  for example , our apprenticeship is n't taken that seriously , our university system is a massive financial hurdle now , we 've got an excess of graduates from the times when education was cheaper , lots of kids are now leaving school with just a-levels or btec type qualifications and finding it hard to do anything but crap jobs without a degree . 
  other countries with stronger work oriented education systems do n't have the same fear of immigrants because they are to some degree protected by their work qualifications . 
  sure they can come and compete for jobs , but they have to go through the same 2 year workplace education programme even just to work as anything but a trainee that the supermarket , so if they are competing with them they 've earned it the same as anyone else . 
  you ca n't call a whole nation stupid but we do have an excess of underqualified people who find it hard to access job markets , because as a society we rely heavily on people who want to do certain jobs just somehow doing it without much worthwhile job specific education programmes to ease them into it and protect their market to some degree . 
  yes that 's how faster is pronounced ... 
  being british , seeing parliamentary debate without the layers of stuffiness , class culture , and more modern language just seems so ridiculous to the be of them seeming like idiots . 
  or rather , it reveals how idiotic the whole charade is without the in your face historical context . 
  i do n't think voters do n't want that . 
  i think a lot of people are very happy under neoliberal business friendly centrist stewardship . 
  the blair years were pretty good in most people 's minds , even if people complained throughout , there was employment , access to capital , strong housing market , no austerity squeezing the public sector . 
  tories still won one and a half elections on a centrist position as well , even post recession . 
  i think the problem we have now is due to the fact that the political opinions of the majority are n't priority . 
  the priority for any political party is where vote change is occurring . 
  places where are lot of people are changing their historic voting patterns . 
  the centre is n't really moving whereas the ukip vote are all over the place and that 's all that matters right now . 
  a similar thing could happen if the centrist vote were at stake but it 's not . 
  both the tories and labour are only concerned with appeasing and retaining the populist voters who showed their willingness to go against their traditional party allegiances by voting leave . 
  if a party could threaten the central position then you can be sure we 'd see both the tories and labour rushing back to the middle and forsaking the extremes . 
  blair does n't even need to come back into power to have an impact , he just has to do a reverse farage and start detracting from the centre in a way that the liberal democrats now fail to . 
  except the free market has delivered massively , i do n't think you realise how much richer we are now than in the 90s across society . 
  we now have red tape free supply chains all across europe , it 's hard to even fathom how much more efficient that is . 
  i mean look around you , even after all the disasters like the recession and the more recent stuff society has vastly more . 
  overall there is just more business , more work , higher standards everywhere you go . 
  do you really want to go back to economic stagnation on the 80s and early 90s ? 
  yes , it was nice that housing was more affordable and rent was cheaper , but there were also far more areas that were run down as hell , where you 'd have to be mad to open a business . 
  anecdotally , i grew up in an area that is considered economically deprived , but compared to the 90s it 's now thriving , even though it 's still considered poor . 
  in the 90s the place was grey , it was just shop places for let , awful caf\u00e9s selling bacon butties and tea in a styrofoam cup for less than a quid , shops selling generic plastic tat , off licences , occasional news agents , pet shop , or indian supermarket . 
  woolworths and argos were literally the only name brand places in the whole high street and they had to put security outside woolworths permanently because of all the shoplifters . 
  even the people looked different , scruffy unemployed blokes with resin burn holes in their trackies hanging around outside the pub all day , someone turning up on your door trying to flog 2 quid sponges was a weekly occurrence . 
  now , even though it 's still economically deprived it 's thriving , barely see an empty shop face , even if it 's just a chicken shop or kebab place taking it up , dozens of big brand name stores moved in , loads of ethnic supermarkets , fast food chains like nandos etc. 
  about 3 supermarkets have been built in the area , restaurants and coffee shops on every corner . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's way better now than it was . 
  immigrants brought economic diversity and entrepreneurship , big companies brought jobs to places they were needed . 
  there are problems but crime is down , there 's still groups of youth hanging around , but it 's not quite the sad desperation . 
  even the kids trying to sell drugs at least are n't sitting outside the off licence drinking themselves to death with a complete lack of hope for anything better . 
  the real problems are inequality and the housing market , the problem with free market economics is that while it drives down the price of most goods , things , the scarcity of which is limited by anything other than market forces simply do not benefit . 
  housing , being finite and very expensive to produce , as well as being dependent on infrastructure and geography , has not reaped the benefits of the free market . 
  another negative as goods become cheaper this drives down the cost of living , which in turn makes it easier for employers stop raising wages as much , as long as your employee gets an inflation matching increase and the purchasing power of his money keeps increasing he 'll be happy because he 'll feel richer even if he owns a smaller share in the british economy . 
  if you look at earning as a percentage of gdp then it becomes clear that while the average brits purchasing power has stayed very constant , as a percentage of the economy their share has become much less significant . 
  yes , privatisation has harmed some sectors , and in doing so harmed some britons by denying them services that were afforded them prior to privatisation . 
  however , it 's not like nationalised railways around the world are n't fraught with problems . 
  however if we compare with say deutsche bahn in germany , you can see that their national rail is very costly to the tax payer and the cost of travel is nowhere near as cheap as most britons imagine . 
  i can tell you from experience that in germany db often does n't have prices that make sense , commuting to a town 25 miles away might cost $ 2000 + yearly , while a years travel on your local network might only cost $ 500 . 
  it does offer a much better more evenly spread service but it 's not that hard to end up paying the equivalent of british prices or only a little less . 
  except it does have real worth , you can be blas\u00e9 about consumables all you want , they make up the bread and butter of life , and therefore they contribute to quality of life considerably when they become more readily available to the ordinary earner . 
  i really do think that my family has a better quality of life now that it can afford a washing machine and dryer instead of having to go the launderette every week , i think it 's great that we can now have a personal computer in our pocket when i was a teen only rich kids had personal computer to help with homework at home . 
  i think it 's great that people can now go out their family and afford more a stale carvery at the local pub . 
  the problem is that `` actual worth '' as you put it is incredibly subjective . 
  honestly , i think much of the `` actual worth '' the older generation feels they had in the past but have now lost was not derived from the economic or political situation but rather the society they lived in . 
  of course you feel more community spirit when you 've living in a homogeneous white working class area , of course you feel more appreciated when you 've got union workers claiming to be fighting for your rights even if you 're working for rover and your company is tanking its overseas sales . 
  consumption is n't the problem , even from an environmental perspective we are doing so much more with less . 
  for the performance and reliability of a hatchback , back then you would 've needed to have bought a luxury car . 
  virtual and technological industries have people spending their money on things that consume fewer raw materials , where someone might have have bought a motorbike or second car in the past they 're now buying computers and iphones for their families instead . 
  there 's proof enough that market forces can be pushed towards doing good as well as bad . 
  point is that even though consumption goes up , people have more , the amount of waste has gone down by a great deal . 
  we 've been increasing consumption by making things more efficient , not by digging more and more stuff out of the ground per capita , we 're not just making more we 're making better , unlike in , say , the post war era when the economy correlated very strongly with increasing industrial capacity . 
  as for 3rd world exploitation , indeed , opening free trade globally certainly contributes to its existence , we would n't be able to afford all this stuff if there was n't cheap labour to produce it . 
  however , i do n't see how a return to protectionist policy could ever benefit the 3rd world . 
  look at china , you ca n't deny that the rapid industrialisation triggered by the partial opening of the market to the west has n't had net overall benefit the people in the country . 
  if the west puts barrier to trade with developing economies then all that happens is everyone loses . 
   if you british are not prepared to compromise on free movement , the only way to deal with brexit is hard brexit . 
  otherwise we would be seen to be giving in to a country that is leaving . 
  that would be fatal, 
  i mean for the love of god how is this `` forcing '' britain into a hard brexit ? 
  this is what everyone with a brain has known from the start . 
  the referendum was n't on freedom of movement or single market access, 
  britain has always known what the conditions of single market access were, 
  there is literally no comprehensible reason why the eu would change the conditions of access just for britain , not merely because it it confers no benefit , but because it would potentially destroy the entire eu by sending eurosceptic populists around europe into a frenzy . 
  this article is a crock of shit designed to mislead and imply that the eu has changed its position and is n't allowing soft brexit . 
  all it 's actually doing is repeating what we 've known since well before the referendum , which is no single market access without the four freedoms . 
  things like co2 emissions per capita in the eu have dropped significantly since the 80s and continue to do so . 
  a much larger percentage of stuff is being recycled . 
  plastic consumption is being addressed to some degree . 
  we have more renewable energy than ever before . 
  as for nuclear , it 's very good for the environment except in those extreme rare cases , which is why an extremely nuclear phobic country like germany actually has the highest co2 emissions per capita in the eu despite a very environmentally conscious public . 
  acting like nothing good has come from the last 25 years of political stewardship is just crazy , sadly it 's a narrative that appeals to so many people . 
  i think generally east asia is one of the few parts of the world where american english is taught , alongside south america . 
  so you might be working with books that use american spelling . 
  anything else you hear is generally anecdotal although there 's probably some truth to it , for example irish and south african teachers being discriminated against due to their accent , but i think you 'll generally be fine if you speak something vaguely resemblant of british rp , as i think they 're still relatively open to rp-like accents given how heavily they have featured and do feature in tefl around the globe . 
  thus english brits at least are n't really at a disadvantage accent-wise , and are unlikely to be turned away by prejudiced employers who 've decided , as they might with say south african teachers , that their version of english is 2nd rate . 
  i have heard of incidents of accent snobbery in asia , but it mostly comes from atrocious administrators who have a poor grasp of the language themselves .
