  is n't begat ? 
  i 've sat through enough old testament readings to think the past simple is begat . 
  sounds pretty discriminatory . 
  how do you know i do n't sign ? 
  and also i did n't know if it was sarcasm or not it 's hard to know with written text . 
  am i the only one who hangs around people that generally only check their phone intermittently at appropriate moments , and even then only for a 30 seconds at a time just to check if they 've had any texts , whatsapp , and fb messenger . 
  who are these people that start writing long reddit posts or reading a novel on their phones when they 're out with people ? 
  barely anyone i know takes selfies too , maybe if they 're somewhere really remarkable like the eiffel tower but not the rest of the time . 
  this film is simply not reflective of ( my ) reality . 
  ... to give up their idealistic hopes and dreams of transforming society into a utopian place where everyone just gets along and become 80s yuppies doing cocaine listening to synth pop and fucking each other for every penny they could ... yes she did . 
  and america killed it for us ... :(, 
  then again there are countries that possessed the biggest known empire in the history of the known universe and countries that use fahrenheit . 
  see we call all dig up what are now long past historical events , is n't it about time you put a man on mars or something ? 
  i 'll see you and raise you muslims , healthcare , gun control and socialism !, 
  really ? 
  and i suppose anti-german books have been written using the printing press ... a german invention , perhaps even published in germany . 
  is there some great irony in this i am missing ? 
  and reddit would n't have ? 
  yours is a stupid argument . 
  back again with the historical revisionism . 
  whenever people are talking about america is a fair and objective way , u/mightierthanthou will be there , spouting off selective facts and bullshit to try convince other of america 's somehow being exceptional , downvotes are no hindrance , facts are no object , not the hero that we deserve but the one that we needed . 
  the answer is simply . 
  you 're not allowed to just move . 
  moving to the eu from the us is barely any easier than moving to the us from the eu . 
  it 's easier to move from somewhere in the 3rd world to the us than it is from within the eu , via the green card lottery which highly represented ethnicities are excluded from . 
  i know two families that moved to america from the eu within my extended family . 
  one married a yank , the other was a skilled medical worker ( surgery nurse ) that america was is drastic need of in certain states and it was provisional she go live in those states . 
  coming to the eu , if you apply for a job then the company that hires you has to prove they ca n't find anyone with the skills within the entire eu before they 'll be allowed to issue you a working visa to get you over . 
  it 's an expensive and legally precarious business too , which makes it only worth doing with highly skilled professional at the cutting edge of their field . 
  there are other working visas and stuff available but none of them are plain sailing to obtain . 
  most eu immigration is within the eu , that why you have so many eastern europeans doing labour here . 
  all the us loons are in / r/shitstatistssay that 's why ... 
  there is ... 
  it 's also completely wrong , a mistake that can only be made when you do n't have a left wing in your country for reference . 
  liberalism is actually right wing politics , it 's just progressive right wing politics rather than conservatism . 
  ass , crotch , armpit , face right ? 
  this is hard one . 
  i 'll ignore your example because there 's so much nuance to specifics and just talk generally . 
  we use the present perfect tense ( subject + have/has * + past participle ) in a number of different ways and it does change the meaning of the sentence quite significantly . 
  ** 1 ) - to stress the veracity ( truthfulness ) of a claim , outside of a specific context . 
  * e.g * . 
  q : have you visited india ? 
  a : i have visited india, 
  q : have you tried vanilla ice cream ? 
  a : i have tried vanilla ice cream, 
  what you would never ( 99 % of the time ) say is `` i have visited india last year '' , instead you say `` i visited india last year '' . 
  why ? 
  because now the statement is in a specific context ( last year ) , so you are no longer stressing that it 's something that happened at least once at some point in history , it 's become specific . 
  ** 2 ) - to stress that the event , the one in the past that the statement is about , holds some kind of special relevance to the present . 
  * e.g * . 
  he has died, 
  he has won the race, 
  one good example of this is in newspapers and on the tv news . 
  almost all the news uses this tense , because they are stressing that they are reporting recent events that still have a bearing on the present , information of which you might not yet be aware . 
  so when robin williams died the news reporter would 've said `` robin williams has died '' at the start of the news because it 's relevant to the present . 
  however if you 're talking about issac newton , nobody would say `` issac newton has died '' because it 's a historical event that does n't have a strong bearing on the present . 
  ** 3 ) - to show that an event is still going on ( continuing ) in the present . 
  * e.g * . 
  i 've played in many bands ( and i have n't finished yet ), 
  i have n't seen jane ( and even now i do n't see her ), 
  i 've taught in the public school system, 
  compare these with :, 
  i played in many bands ( when i was a young man ), 
  i did n't see jane ( until after the summer was over ), 
  i taught in the public school system ( before i retired ), 
  this can be tested by seeing if you can add the words `` for '' and `` since '' to the end of the sentence and see if it still makes sense . 
  e.g `` i 've taught at the school for 5 year years '' or `` i 've taught at the school since 2009 '' . 
  this makes sense because i still teach at the school , the event is ongoing . 
  ** note : ** these linguistic distinctions are n't followed as strictly in american english as they are in other forms of english particularly british english . 
  in the uk if someone asks `` who is the president of france '' , you might answer `` i 've forgotten '' stressing the fact you are still unable to recall . 
  the forgetting is ongoing . 
  however in america people might respond with `` i forget '' or `` i forgot '' . 
  generally if you analysed american speech and compared it to british speech you would see fewer instances of the present perfect in the american speech sample . 
  i hope this answers your question a bit , it might be easier if you got someone to explain this to you in your native language because generally an explanation of grammar is harder to understand linguistically than it is to simply learn it instinctively through practice . 
  good luck !, 
  edit : now to respond to your example , i think `` i have studied in the us '' falls more under category `` 1 - '' , it 's something you would say to stress that it is indeed true that you have at some point in your life studied in the usa . 
  `` i studied in the us '' is n't making a stress , it 's simply reporting what you did in the past . 
  someone said that if you had only studied in the us and nowhere else then you 're more likely to say `` i studied '' , whilst if you only partially studied there then you 're more likely to say `` i have studied '' , and i think this is pragmatically true in this case , because if you 've only only studied in the us then it 's unlikely you 'd want to stress the truth of the statement . 
  for example `` i studied at harvard '' or `` i studied at oxford , but i have studied at harvard too . 
  i did an exchange year '', 
  dad is brythonic i believe . 
  i think that 's slightly ignorant . 
  this problem emerges from the different ways native speakers and non-natives produce writing , not from ignorance of the rules of language . 
  naturally almost all natives know the difference , asides from a few very stupid ones . 
  but when you learn a second language it 's more like an abstract puzzle putting the pieces together to create the intended meaning . 
  however when one writes in their native language it 's like a voice in one 's head , the only time this fails is when you need a word that has multiple phonetically identical versions in your dialect that differs in spelling . 
  when writing quickly and fluently trying to express yourself it jerks you out of the internal monologue running through your head towards more conceptual thinking whenever one of these words comes up . 
  thus when people are being lazy in their writing , such as when writing on message boards and such , they tend to not bother and just focus on getting the words down . 
  furthermore this works in reverse too , when natives read these mistakes they 're far more like to subconsciously skip over them since phonetically the word is the same , whilst non-natives read the word with its actual written meaning . 
  so when someone writes `` it 's feathers are very long '' natives hear `` its feathers are very long '' whilst non natives hear `` it is feathers are very long '' . 
  not really . 
  it depends on the dialect . 
  in my dialect `` wonder '' is pronounced `` wunder '' whilst `` wander '' is pronouned `` wonder '' . 
  to add to confusion in regards your examples `` one '' in some dialects is pronounced `` wun '' and others pronounced `` won '' . 
  that 's also not true . 
  one is a pronoun and the possessive is one 's , as in `` open one 's bag and take out your books '' . 
  it has nothing to do with whether someone 's literate and everything to do with the way native speakers produce language combined with being too lazy to think conceptually whilst writing . 
  it 's to avoid those fucking horrible ugly intimidating massive words german is full of !, 
  i do n't see you 're problem to be honest , where are you teaching ? 
  teaching in germany they sure are n't going to have a problem with conjugation or irregular plurals .
