  i can tell you one thing for certain though , when most language professionals and academics talk about fluency they mean language production and not whether they can be easily understood by certain groups of speakers . 
  this is just boring , we are arguing over terminology . 
  define fluency how you want . 
  but be aware that under most academic and scholarly definitions fluency is about the ability to generate the language intuitively and nothing to do with whether a specific set of speakers can make sense of it easily . 
  someone can speak a creole that most english speakers find difficult to understand and still be `` fluent '' . 
  you seem to be confusiong `` being fluent in language '' with `` being fluent in american english '' ( or whatever dialect you speak ) . 
  you do n't seem to get the distinction . 
  intelligible is about whether or not another party can understand , not about whether you can produce language . 
  someone can speak in a way that only a few people in the world can understand , and still be fluent , and that language is still definitely english if in all other regards the language is the same except for the pronunciation . 
  i 've met indians who speak english fluently but are terribly difficult to understand , with each other they understand perfectly , stick a book under their nose and they 'll read as easily as the average person in the uk or america . 
  the biggest brexiteer on my facebook posted this the day before the referendum :, 
  - switzerland pays nothing to the eu, 
  - switzerland has control of its immigration, 
  - switzerland is a sovereign nation, 
  - switzerland is not in the eu, 
  - switzerland has access to the single market and is one of the richest nations in europe, 
  let 's be like switzerland . 
  sad fact is a lot of people believed this shit even then when everyone thought remain would win . 
  ergh westfield is the pits . 
  i mean the bullring is stressful and hectic as well but why travel over an hour by train for the same experience . 
  tell that to the francophones in switzerland :p most of them ca n't german for love nor money . 
  that said , the native german speakers there seem to struggle with german too . 
  it depends on a billion things to be honest . 
  are you a naturally talented language learner ? 
  do you have the means , time , and will to put yourself into educational programmes consistently for the next couple of years ? 
  are you the kind of person who does n't mind appearing foolish and just speaking it or are you the kind of person who will start to avoid putting yourself in these situations ? 
  do you have a good memory that absorbs words quickly ? 
  to make things even more complicated these are n't binary choices , but things most people fall onto a spectrum with . 
  i left the uk with very rudimentary german ( did most of a duolingo course and read a few books explaining the language ) , now i 've lived here over 2 years , and my german is somewhere in the upper intermediate range . 
  i still sound very foreign , consistently make grammatical errors ( misgendering things mostly , and messing up irregular verbs ) . 
  i also have a limited vocabulary , and ca n't always understand official documents and more complicated forms of speech . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever seen the simple english wikipedia but that 's about the level at which i 'm comfortable reading and writing german . 
  i 'd point out that it 's only now that my german has reached a level where you start to be able to really get shit done in german . 
  obviously , any understanding of the language one can muster before living there will undoubtedly be really helpful , so the more the better for sure . 
  but beginner german is n't very good for getting stuff done e.g setting up a bank account , registering a change of address . 
  the problem is usually vocabulary , as the german social system , while very accommodating of foreigners , mostly assumes the ability to communicate in german at a level you would expect a long term migrant to achieve in order to migrate to a country , and not the level that an ordinary person living in a foreign country might pick up at school or in an evening class . 
  very few people in official capacities care if you make mistakes provided you can be understood ( except being maybe one or two dickheads ) , they 're very much used to it . 
  a thing to bear in mind is that i 'm lucky enough to have a job where 95 % of what i do is in english , but in a way this is a curse , as having to use the language every day at work is a very effective way to improve quickly . 
  this can be a chicken and the egg problem however , as nobody will want you for a german speaking job until you reach a certain proficiency ( although this level will differ depending on the type of job , whether you communicate with customers , need to talk about complex matters , or just need to understand instructions from colleagues . 
  living with a german speaking partner can have a similar effect provided you 're not lazy and make sure you communicate a great deal in the language . 
  since i have neither of these the only way i 've actually managed to learn the language is by being outgoing and regularly putting myself into situations where german is spoken , and making myself speak german many hours in my free time . 
  i have german speaking friends , and i 'm at a stage where my germany is better or equal to their english , so they wo n't use english at all with me unless i suddenly look confused by something ( it 's a bit of a myth that germans are all fluent , in fact the majority of ordinary young people i meet speak functional intermediate english but are n't fluent ) . 
  i doubt this would work for someone who was shy or reserved though , or someone who was n't comfortable making a fool of themselves from time to time . 
  the route the most non-english speakers go is the educational one though , which means intensive classes in the language from the moment you arrive . 
  the difference here is that often these people do n't speak english well thus do n't have a language people can understand them in , many are serious in the intent to live the rest of their lives in germany , so most take it very seriously . 
  in my experience most native english speakers in germany do not go this route , many do some learning but i think many lose patience with it after a while . 
  of the fluent german speaking english natives who acquired the language as adults that i know , the majority did n't learn the lion 's share of their german from lessons but rather through forcing themselves to live in german through their jobs or relationships or just living life . 
  i think that there is a bit of a myth amongst people living abroad and contemplating moving to germany that you can get by entirely in english . 
  however , i think this is only true up to a point , and that people are often misled by the tourist side of the society into assuming everyone speaks english and is happy to speak english in every capacity . 
  i can assure you that when you 're filing out forms in the finanzamt or whatever then you wo n't be given everything in english and the staff there will expect you understand at least intermediate level german . 
  they will dumb it down for you a bit if you 're foreign , but they wo n't speak to you like a toddler , they 'll expect you to understand verbs and words that would be beyond a gcse syllabus for example , if you do n't understand , well , that 's your problem , and the attitude is very much do n't try to live here if you ca n't even speak at the level you might expect a 12 year old to understand and use . 
  where english speakers do have a major advantage though is when it comes to information being available about germany in english . 
  you can find a wealth of information about how to get things done in germany in english , and the immigrant community coming from europe use english as a lingua franca online , so you can find an explanation of most things with the right google search . 
  anyway , sorry for the long ramble , but the thing to take away from this if you 're contemplating the move is that you 're going to have to start taking learning german very seriously . 
  if i had known before i arrived how important it was then i would 've been even more dedicated . 
  learning from osmosis is a bit of myth ( it only works if you 're consistently forcing yourself to live in that language ) , and huge number of native english speakers end up learning bugger all because it 's very easy to retreat into an english speaking bubble . 
  your life will be vastly easier with the language , and if you do n't have it be prepared for the struggle that is living in a community where you do n't have the primary language , which is a daunting and alienating experience at times . 
  ok , let 's stop there for a moment . 
  gcse and a-level are possibly the worst measures of language ability . 
  the actual level for gcse is n't very high , but that 's because language learning for gcse is a bit like training a dog to do a trick . 
  you can get a dog to beg but he does n't understand what begging is , he ca n't then go out and beg on the street . 
  i got an a on my french gcse but i ca n't even construct rudimentary sentences , meanwhile it only took me a few months to reach a level where i could do a gcse german paper virtually with my eyes closed . 
  the difference was that i 'm constantly surrounded by the language here , and at the time i was highly motivated and seeing good returns on my learning , whereas throughout my schooling i was just learning to get the marks i needed . 
  that said it 's taken 2 years of living in germany for me to achieve a b2 level of communication and comprehension . 
  i can tell you for a fact that diminishing returns are a thing , i have not been a consistently motivated learner that entire time , but i have used the language constantly , which has steadily improved it ( but with limitations , as you 'll find you become very good talking in the specific contexts you speak it in , but struggle with new contexts ) . 
  it 's way better to think in terms of a1 - c2 than to bring gcses and a-level into it , as we all know that those exams are not very reflective of actual language capabilities . 
  how long is a piece of string ? 
  i have gone through this process and i can tell you it depends on so many things for there to be an answer . 
  my advice would be to start learning and see how it goes . 
  for me , i found process very fast at first , but just like an mmo the rewards take longer the further you go . 
  also it 's easy to feel confident when you 're just reading at home or doing exercises online , but when you actually have to start speaking ( and what 's more understanding ) the language it 's a whole different story . 
  meh , i 've found most ex-pat meet ups do no consist mostly of native english speakers but rather a real hodge podge of nationalities , which is actually interesting in itself . 
  english is simply the lingua franca at these events . 
  say what you want about but these things were a god send for when i first arrived , and i think without them i would n't have had strength to stick out those difficult first months . 
  it 's incredibly nice to meet people in the same situations with similar problems . 
  it did n't stop me socialising with german speakers either , i still made friends with locals , but i think it helped a great deal , so i would n't be too dismissive of it , for some , it 's the right thing to do as it 's the difference between being about to handle life in a new country or not . 
  i think whether you turn into a bitter ex-pat with no language skills really depends on your personality rather than whether you socialise with some english speakers . 
  brexiteer in denial it seems . 
  well you still seem to be in denial . 
  well yes , i would like to be like switzerland ( although fuck national service ) , but indeed none of these things are true but clearly many people seem to think they are . 
  you seem angry . 
  many people are justifiably distressed by the political situation right now . 
  if you do n't want to hear it then do n't read it , no need to call people names like `` stupid '' and `` incapable of abstract thought '' . 
  just do n't be a dick , it 's not that hard . 
  yeah i know a few of them too e.g 15 years in the country and still sound dreadful speaking german . 
  i do n't think much of your strategy then . 
  ca n't you do that and be nice , that would be the better thing to do . 
  ok , but i do n't know why you 're using gcse and a-level in this context at all then . 
  to me , your post seems somewhat overly pessimistic , because to me it seems to suggest `` you will need two years to achieve a gcse level of competency , and another two years to achieve an a-level degree of competency '' . 
  this is wrong for two reasons . 
  one is that the skills are need for a gcse and a-level are very far removed from the skills needed to actually use the language in germany . 
  the actual conversation level needed to ace a modern language gcse is rather pathetic . 
  the second is that a dedicated adult self learner wo n't need to anything like that amount of time to achieve those levels . 
  gcse only take that long because it 's one of many subjects that you 're learning and the students are aged 14-16 , most of them do n't have any real ambitions with the language beyond passing their gcse / a-level . 
  i would reckon that 6 months is plenty of time to achieve a gcse level of german , and maybe 1-1 .5 years to be of a level where you can do an a-level exam with only minor preparation . 
  that said , exams like this are a different skill set from using the language in the real world . 
  i can talk german for hours but i would n't have a clue how to analyse a poem , i 've never even written an essay in german . 
  i think it 's much better to put the whole thing in terms of a1-c2 and in how many hundreds of hours of study . 
  although even that is limited , because immersion is n't study but can raise your level just as effectively . 
   people i know that have moved to countries with no experience it takes about 2 years to be really fluent .
