  you are literally paying triple , i 'm surprised anyone even takes the stuff at those costs , it 's not like minimum wagers or the unemployed can afford that shit . 
  edit : i 'd never buy mdma that was already in a cap , that sounds dodgy as fuck , here it usually comes in a baggy so you can see what you 're getting and people take it by wrapping it in a rizla and just eating it . 
  i would note that much of mainland europe is not down with the using of cards in the same way people are in the uk these days . 
  lots of places in germany will only take german ec cards because they are fighting a war between national and international finance , straight up refusing to pay the big card players like visa and mastercard transaction fees . 
  furthermore many places i 've seen in central europe have minimum spends of 10 or even 20 euros , it 's not like the uk where you can buy a packet of rizla on your card in any decent sized establishment . 
  amazingly i still see many germans signing their receipts in the supermarket , chip and signature is still very common , although swipe and signature is virtually unheard of . 
  this is one of those things that actually varies massively between different european countries . 
  either way most countries are still ahead of the us with their retro card system . 
  what do you mean you have wifi available ? 
  i thought everyone lived in thatched roofed cottages , used log fires , and spoke gaelic . 
  yeah definitely places like german supermarkets are improving , never see minimum spends there . 
  i mean it 's not entirely different in the uk , if you go into a crappy little off-licence or kiosk then there is often still something like a 3-5 pound minimum card spend ( however these places often give you the option of paying an extra 50p to cover the card charge if you really want to ) . 
  now that i have my very own ec card it 's much easier . 
  the only thing that pisses me off in germany is not being able to use cards in bars and small restaurants unless you 're spending like 20 euros , i got used to using cards to buy pints in the uk ( but of course we do n't tend to tip bar staff because you 've mostly got to collect it from the bar yourself ) , and it 's a convenience i miss , it means i actually have to think about what 's in my wallet far more often . 
  the signature thing is just a farce in germany though because the card just goes into the slot and then straight back into your wallet , you could sign all your receipts `` mickey mouse '' and nobody would be the wiser . 
  as ever in germany i 'm shocked about how this country streaks ahead in some aspects and stubbornly refuses to change in other respects . 
  it strikes me as a uniquely german ability to point back refuse to accept the way things are going sometimes . 
  the problem with the mdma cost as far as i can see it is more that you do n't know what it will be . 
  i 'd definitely have a testing kit with me at all times if i were buying it there . 
  at least at 40 quid if it 's some other shitty drug then you can write it off . 
  however , if i were paying that much i 'd be shitting myself , and if it turned out bad i 'd hate myself for wasting so much cash . 
  i mean if i knew 100 % it was legit i would n't mind paying stupid amounts for mdma as a biannual treat . 
  no way i 'd even touch coke at that cost , not worth it imo , not when it 's probably been stamped on anyway and you 'll just be left wanting more at the end of the night . 
  ah yeah but at 40/50 quid you might actually be able to afford some !, 
  300 quid a night on a couple of grams !, 
  i 'd have to be very rich to justify that !, 
  then again i 'm in my 20s and with my level of wealth , a gram of weed is a luxury . 
  i personally miss the days when celebrities would be arseholes , it was the rock and roll thing to do . 
  nowadays were a bunch of sensitive bastards who go on twitter storms at the slightest offence . 
  still , seems to me a bit cheap not just to bite the bullet and pay for the convenience . 
  i mean why fight progress over a few percent . 
  what 's so brutal about this is that if anyone is familiar with people in the uk from the war generation they will recognise how the attitude of the characters in this production accurately reflects what they were like . 
  they experienced some terrible poverty and adversity but were eternally optimistic and trusting in the government and the society at large . 
  despite the horrors of that age the worst they really could imagine is being invaded by a foreign power and living in an occupied country , people were killed in war but the majority survived . 
  the blitz spirit and the pulling together sadly paled in comparison to the reality of modern nuclear warfare , but people like that really would 've just kept believing until the very end , so in a sense this is a realistic portrayal of what could 've happened to many people had this been a reality . 
  imo germans are just so often stubborn bastards haha . 
  the consumers who 'll shop elsewhere over a few pennies and are n't willing to pay for the convenience . 
  the managers who do n't see the advantages of investing in better quality technology and connections . 
  the head offices who would rather tear out their own spleens than share any of their current margins with the credit companies because * they * ca n't see how it adds value to the product directly . 
  easier to bury ones head in the sand and assume the outdated system will always work flawlessly and make profit estimations on those grounds than actually acknowledge the superiority of a method than would mean a calculable steady cut in margins . 
  i regularly do n't see my parents for between 3-6 months at a time living in a different country and all i get is a `` welcome back !, 
  want a cup of tea ? '' . 
  this guy goes away for a bit over 2 months and gets tears , what 's with that ? 
  how about making employers pay everyone that much regardless of whether people get tips . 
  i mean i thought that was what a tip was originally meant to be , a bonus a customers gives to someone who they think did a good job , not a way to subsidise people because their employers are too cheap to provide a living wage . 
  so what though ? 
  the tips should n't be subsidising the employer , but rewarding the employee , it 's madness . 
  damn straight , i work a minimum wage job with no qualifications to my name but one day i want to open a sweatshop , how am i meant to exploit others one day if i myself ca n't be exploited !, 
  let the market decide !, 
  i was thinking that , such a big bust is probably going to affect the market . 
  i actually doubt that . 
  drug importation of this scale does not go down with private entrepreneurs but with criminal syndicates . 
  the people who will be taking the blame for this bust wo n't actually even be that high in the food chain , they were probably doing something for a quick few thousand dollars and now they 're taking blow torches to the nipples and digging their own graves in the desert . 
  i do n't know what you mean by someone who 's ticket came in . 
  nobody is going to win from something like this . 
  the people who make the lion 's share of the profit from this stuff are untouchable anyway , they do n't do any of the work , they do n't leave any evidence of it , money just gets shuffled around in overseas accounts and that 's all that they actually have to do . 
  the people doing all the work in transport , importation and distribution are the ones getting fucked , and the ones losing out when it goes to shit . 
  to me it seems like your friend 's worth 27.25 and she 's getting short changed but she does n't rock the boat because it beats earning nothing . 
  well the pay is higher but so is the mortality rate !, 
  i can see you are le true gentlesir !, 
  if your girlfriend is a humourless bitch maybe . 
  [ i thought it was like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5uzu58n-sso&amp;t=147s ), 
  yeah they are shit though , because it 's just a barrier and the toilets are the same as everywhere . 
  in the large german stations they have 24 attendants meaning you never have to go into a cubicle with skid marks or a pissy seat . 
  why would tips go down ? 
  pretty sure people would keep the same traditions and the tips would go up if anything . 
  be like the french , go outside and fuck shit up until they do what you want . 
  russians and americans , they 're just different sides of the arsehole coin , both countries have swallowed a steady load of nationalism and pro military rhetoric over the last 50 years . 
  sure not all americans and russians are like that , but try to debate politics with the average nationalistic american or russian and it will feel very similar . 
  no not at all ... why would you suggest i were ? 
  and amazingly the price of eating out has n't skyrocketed nor has tipping become a thing of the past . 
  so california does n't tip ? 
  kids seem like brats in their reactions . 
  the `` candy '' seems very important to them . 
  american halloween seems very driven by greed . 
  even as a kid i do n't think i showed so much attachment to confectionery . 
  not to say i was n't a wanton kid , but toys and stuff that actually had re-usability were way more important to me than a bunch of cheap sugar that would only make you feel sick if you over indulged . 
  when i worked in a restaurant all tips went into a jar , they were then divided equally amongst all the staff relative to the number of hours worked at the end of the month . 
  tips had no impact on salary . 
  `` stealing '' tips would get you fired on the spot . 
  seems like a far more accurate way of doing it than penalising the waiters and waitresses just to make the cooks feel better about it . 
  and thereby the whole of california . 
  the thing is it 's run like a business , the loss is spread across the distribution chain and usually the people playing such a high stakes game will not be chancers risking it all on a big score but spreading investments across multiple risks . 
  what really happened is that someone in pakistan bought a lot of heroin from a warlord in afghanistan for a few million , then took it across the border . 
  all the right people were paid off both criminal and political , then it was sold on to an exporter who has a route into australia , someone who probably owns a legitimate export or shipping company , again this person probably bribed all the right people and has the favour of the pakistani elite . 
  the exporter probably paid five million . 
  a buyer ( s ) was found in australia and they paid for it , but that person or group of people probably has hundreds of millions all over the world in different asset and bank account , that person or people never saw it nor dealt with anyone directly . 
  also that person or people are probably the leaders of a chinese mafia or vietnese mafia or whatever , they might not even live in australia but just deal smaller mobs that live in australia . 
  the buyer ( s ) probably paid 20 million for it by the time it arrived in the country . 
  much smaller time guys were told how and when it was coming into the country and how to get it , they passed it on other small time guys who were meant to distribute it to other small crime gangs like bikers , common criminals and whatnot who would then sell it to their network of dealers who might even sell it to even smaller dealers or directly to users . 
  these small timers were probably just offer 10-20k for a few days work . 
  the guy who probably took the loss was probably the buyer ( s ) who paid for it from the exporter , but that person can just write it off as a business loss on a spreadsheet . 
  it just stands to reason that the financial loser in a situation like this will be the last big money player in the chain . 
  the point being though that they 'll be a big money player who can afford to lose occasionally . 
  the people who will pay with their lives will be the small timers , and this will simply be a matter of principal , since there 's no way to recoup the money from them . 
  the sad fact is there wo n't be some guy who thought he was going to make a killing losing it all who 'll be getting whacked , it 'll be some sucker who thought they were going to make a quick bit of money with a dirty job . 
  for everyone else it will just be business as usual onto the next thing . 
  the high up guys never get in any shit because they are worth keeping alive . 
  they are valuable . 
  even from prison he can connect the italians to other people so they can recuperate their loses .
