  tories will simply do as they 've always done , try to maintain power , that means adapting in the face of demographic change , look at the difference between major 's tories and cameron 's , they changed tact drastically , and will continue to do whatever gets them into power like all politicians do . 
   you 're a briton who lives on the continent, 
  yes, 
   allegedly, 
  and fuck you too . 
   , and claims they know everything about it whilst dismissing arguments against you as waffle , just like the stereotype of a briton and just like may . 
  not at all . 
   you dismiss it all because you know nothing about it , just like may . 
  it is you who is extremely naive . 
  nope , it 's not . 
  no offence mate , but you 're just what 's become typical for this subreddit is just doomsaying . 
  all you want to hear is that britain is going to collapse economically in 2019 and become a tax haven in retaliation . 
  you also want to hear that the evil tories want that are just going to turn the country into some kind of dystopian ultra-capitalist piece of fiction the moment that happens . 
  that the uk is just going to stop being in the eu one day and all trade will immediately cease as no arrangements will be made to deal with import / export , existing fiscal relationships etc. 
  billions of pounds on both sides of the split disappearing overnight . 
  if you believe that then i have some sea-side property in switzerland you might be interested in . 
  the irony is that nothing of what i 'm saying here is particularly optimistic . 
  my first post was talking about an ideal brexit outcome , but i acknowledged that it was unlikely . 
  the reality is that some measure will be put in place to keep trade between britain and the eea functioning , even if it disadvantages britain . 
  nobody has anything to gain from a cataclysmic economic event . 
  well they are both examples of contractions used when have is the main verb of the clause indicating possession . 
  but also , traditional british rp also uses things like `` i 've nothing to do '' , `` i 've a lot on my plate '' etc. 
  so the point stands . 
  you 're quite right that we should distinguish between a contracted `` have '' and a contracted `` not '' . 
  do n't be pedantic . 
  in ordinary language they are known as contractions . 
  i did n't pretend to have any special authority on this or expert knowledge . 
  just anecdotally pointing out how i 've heard people speak . 
  if you 're going to call me out for saying `` contraction '' you should call out half of the other people on this thread too . 
  lol how am i betraying the will of the people thinking the politicians will want to save the uk from economic catastrophe after a poundland referendum , and by politicians i include the eu whose population have businesses with operations in the uk , invested interests in the uk as a source of income etc. 
  what are you saying ? 
  that the uk should crash out without a deal ? 
  i do n't have a fucking clue what your angle is other than you do n't think the eu will make a deal because they `` despise both brexiteers and remainers '' . 
  what are you trying to say ? 
  that the eu is our enemy ? 
  anyway mate . 
  if you 're so certain that the uk is going to crash out without a deal you can get about 5/1 odds on that right now as the bookies . 
  so why do n't you put your money where you mouth is and put 20 quid on it aye ? 
  i do n't really know else to say . 
   lol bookies , they really got trump and brexit right , i 'm sure they 'll be right again . 
  go make yourself some money then buddy . 
   please reread my above posts . 
  hardest brexit or no brexit as the eu is ensuring and will ensure . 
  so brexit will be no deal and no transition . 
  otherwise there is no brexit , just subservience to the eu . 
  it wo n't happen . 
  so are you a brexiteer or a communist or what ? 
  because you 're making no fucking sense . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're saying the eu wo n't give the uk a deal because they 're bad , or saying they 're in the right and britain deserves to be punished . 
   then tell me again about the power of the markets when you 're losing all your whore money from banksters tits . 
  lol you seem angry . 
  and like a typical uneducated british idiot you seem to think markets and banks are inherently evil , which frankly puts you down there as either a communist , conspiracy loon , or alt right nut job ( although there tends be cross over between the latter two ) . 
  i 'm a pro-neoliberalism social democrat my friend , who supports liberal progressive social policy . 
  it 's a good system that works well in other countries but just falls short in the uk and us due to an ignorant population and scummy politicians . 
  perhaps if british people regained their intellectual pride they 'd redeem themselves and police their politicians to ensure a functional society instead of sitting around watching x-factor . 
  planning their trips to ` beefa , and getting drunk . 
  maybe try a more constructive tone next time and perhaps you wo n't elicit a negative reaction . 
   since you alone introduced inflection into the discussion , you alone got the correction that this conflates separate phenomena . 
  actually i did n't . 
  i got it from reading this :, 
   one certainly would contract non-aux `` have '' in many british dialects . 
  my go-to modern example is that harry potter says `` but i have n't any money ! '', 
  when he arrives in diagon alley . 
  it 's not a silent `` got '' , it 's lexical verb raising !, 
  from [ this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/6dy5sy/that_night_shed_a_stomach_ache/di6ga22/ ) post . 
   this is a space for learning , and reacting so negatively to simple correction is out of place . 
  i hope you are aware of how accusatory your tone comes across . 
  `` this is a space for learning '' . 
  you sound like a teacher talking to a student . 
  thank you for `` educating '' me as to the nature of the subreddit . 
  i 've clearly never browsed this subreddit before . 
  it 's language like that puts people off commenting frankly . 
  i understand that badling is a thing but there 's no need to be impolite about it . 
  i 'm obviously not a professional linguist , so thanks for the education , but you might want to think about throwing in a few words to indicate you 're not calling someone out and simply trying to provide more information . 
  going a bit out of the realms of linguistics here but it reminds of wittgenstein 's theory of language and the quote `` if a lion could talk , we could not understand him '' . 
  question lies deep in semantics . 
  the idea is basically that language relies on some kind of shared reference that both parties understand . 
  that shared reference is a condition of the possibility of communication . 
  i 'm sure that there are many theories debating to what degree this is true . 
  afaik translation to unknown texts tends to rely on a lot of deduction based on what we already know about the culture , the logic of derived human languages etc. 
  if the aliens were vastly different from ourselves both physiologically and socially they might have a hard time trying to apply this kind of reasoning regardless of how much access they had to text . 
  did n't answer anything i asked but ok , you have a great life too . 
  as a uk national in the eu this is probably the most information we 've had since the brexit vote . 
  [ link to the audience questions for those who missed it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j23_ebygr4q ), 
  seems straight rude to me . 
  starting `` while most people refer to both your examples as contractions ... '' would be being polite . 
  as i pointed out , other people have referred to both n't and 've as contraction in this thread , and in ordinary language that what we do . 
  acknowledging that first would be wise . 
   they are not both examples of contractions , because contractions are n't a linguistic category . 
  there are two fundamental flaws with this statement that any linguist should be aware of . 
  1 ) just because something is n't a `` linguistic category '' does it is n't also something else because amazingly 2 ) people use language differently and meaningfully with different degrees of specificity . 
  in ordinary speech both are referred to as contractions . 
  `` it is n't a contraction despite the fact that a huge community of speakers refer to them as contractions '' is badling to the core . 
  saying something like , `` linguistics distinguishes between the two phenomena because ... '' would be educational . 
  if you want to enlighten someone as to the proper linguistic terms then do so , but acknowledge that 's what you 're doing , do n't tell them an x is n't a y because from a linguistic perspective y is n't a category . 
  that 's just a douchy way of censuring someone 's input while showing off your own superior knowledge . 
  well i do n't agree . 
  i 've browsed this sub-reddit long enough to know the general tone , and it 's not as strictly or exclusively academic or professional as you 're suggesting . 
  it 's to some degree a mixed sub . 
  this thread for example is clearly not a question that an academic linguistic would ask ( and might have been bettered posed somewhere like / r/grammar ) , and if you look at half the responses here they 're just people giving whatever helpful input they can and not a decisive academic answer to the question .
