  well i do know some stuff . 
  you can read books about this stuff you know , there 's tonnes of resources by ex-crime bosses and law enforcement if you find it interesting . 
  an actual tonne of heroin is quite a fucking lot you know . 
  i only said it would affect the market , i did n't say it was going to shut down heroin in australia . 
  a big bust like this has ramifications , more so in the disruption of supply chains than the actual physical lack of product in the country . 
  whenever something like this happens lots of people disappear , going quiet to disconnect themselves from the bust and the people associated with it . 
  the dealers who purchase say a few kilos at a time will find themselves having to turn to alternative sources , those alternative sources will find themselves very much in demand and in short supply , therefore they will up prices and the market will be affected . 
  and then you were converted to the church of donald trump or what ? 
  i guess it depends on what you consider to be `` rich '' , the guys getting a few thousand for doing the actually dangerous work do n't seem to be getting `` rich '' to me . 
  if someone was slacking they got fired , but ultimately it was a team effort . 
  haha , amazing that is so funny to americans , `` high street '' is basically the british equivalent of `` main street '' , there 's a high street in virtually every town in the uk . 
  maybe the drunk woman deserved it , however , that was an assault plain and simple, 
  normally when people post these accents things i think `` yeah , maybe that 's hard to understand if you 're american and rarely exposed to dialects from around the uk and ireland '' , however this time i 'm at a loss , not a clue what he just said , heard `` spend it '' but that was about it . 
  i would be surprised if they found the doge of naples so far out to sea !, 
  well in the uk tip sharing is common . 
  tips are shared amongst all the staff relative to the amount of hours they 've worked that month . 
  means even as a cook you walk away with a few hundred pounds extra every month ( bearing in mind that tipping 5-10 % is normal in the uk ) . 
  switzerland did away with tipping , the wages there are so high i would n't feel bad about it . 
  like 25 dollars an hour minimum wage there . 
  in the uk the minimum wage is only about 10.5 dollars so i do n't see a bit of tipping as a bad thing . 
  yeah well those hypocrisies are real , however it 's not quite as bad in most the world , at least in regards law enforcement and prisons . 
  it 's just unbelievably easy to land in prison in the us . 
  i know in my country you can commit some pretty bad crime and still walk away with just a large fine and a few years suspended sentence . 
  i remember playing new vegas , just starting out and walking straight into a bunch of deathclaws , just a pistol in hand , some fights you 've got to learn to walk away from . 
  this is n't photoshopped , it 's just a joke . 
  yeah seems fucked up to me , it 's very much saying we do n't trust you . 
  in my school you simply had to tell the teacher you needed to go . 
  sometimes they would moan about it and tell you that you should 've gone during the break , but they 'd never not let you go , only if it was near the end the class ended at the time then they might ask you to wait , and you could always overrule that by claiming you were about to piss yourself . 
  if a teacher asked you why you were out of class you just said that you were going to the toilet . 
  if a teacher saw you out of lessons and was suspicious they would simply ask you which class you had come from . 
  it 's perfectly obvious to anyone with a brain which route you should be walking to the nearest pisser since everyone who attends or works at a school should know the facility very well . 
  it 's also very easy for the staff to check whether you truly had a lesson in that place at that time , and also easy for them to simply ask the teacher who you allegedly informed that you were off the toilet whether or not you really did tell them . 
  retrospective verification rather than proactive , imo this seems to put a lot more faith in the children to behave themselves . 
  much better to treat people like they 're honest and say `` if you lie to me i 'll find out '' rather than assume they are dishonest and say `` unless you have this proof you are automatically outside the rules '' . 
  which school had such trouble with kids skipping classes , while also remaining on school property , that they had to implement a system like this . 
  i mean when i was past 16 we had free periods anyway , so naturally you 'd be walking around school during times when others were in lessons , however before that all kids had a full timetable , so it 's not like you could just hang out on the premises and not attend your lessons . 
  seems like some draconian dinosaur of a teacher 's bright idea about how to teach kids their worth more than serving any real practical function , a way to demean them into accepting that not even natural human bodily functions are permitted with a teacher 's written approval , perhaps a way to shame them into not using the toilet too often . 
  that does n't sound very free to me !, 
  sounds more like prep class . 
  ( some schools here have an actual `` prep '' period where you have to do your homework ), 
  american schools are like cute little concentration camps !, 
  even when you were 18 ? 
  does n't seem right to me . 
  do n't want to offend but i definitely get the vibe that americans do n't really trust each other very much . 
  one kid wanders off school and gets run over , ok nobody can leave school ever again . 
  one person is a serial killer , ok now anybody could be a serial killer . 
  one brown person hijacks a plane , now we must treat every brown person like a potential terrorist and so on . 
  lots of rules made around the minute statistical anomaly rather than the majority . 
  i was thinking a while back how cool it would be if blizzard did like a verison of wow that would allow people to experience the old content with the mmo part stripped out . 
  for example you simply log into the game and you can jump into the content with any expansion you want , with all the original talents restored and a choice suitable item level gear for you to equip . 
  it 's virtually impossible these days to experience the old content the way it was meant to be played . 
  i know there are private servers that will give you instant level cap , or at least massively increased experience rates , but without the force of blizzard behind them they really do n't offer the best experience unless you 're lucky enough to be in a group of really dedicated retro wow aficionados . 
  i would love to be able to go back and do the heroics from tbc again or raid karazhan . 
  i 'm sure a game like this would bring huge numbers of old school players back to the game if only in a casual capacity . 
  i 'll add that i know that this will never happen while wow is still a game , but i am starting to wonder how much shelf life it has left . 
  that 's too much cheek bone for one couple . 
  more like german anal uptightness paired with french inefficiency !, 
  i have to disagree . 
  i would say that the major flaw in the game is the lack of incentive to do anything once you 're stocked up on the essentials . 
  once i 've `` dug in '' as you say , i 've never found that it made sense to actually venture out or take any risks . 
  once you get the hang of hunting it 's rather easy to survive for 100 days or more without ever venturing more than a km from your door . 
  i stopped playing once i 'd been camping out in the farmhouse for ages , all the cupboards and fridge full of deer , bear , wolf and rabbit meat , and a whole bunch of entrails , wood and skins cluttering up the house . 
  my days were getting rather silly , i 'd simply wake up , eat and drink , check my many many traps , harvest anything that was there , check my stocks to see if it was worth shooting something today ( usually it was was n't because i had so much meat the greatest risk was stuff going bad ) and then end up sleeping half the day to pass the time . 
  basically , eat , drink , check traps , sleep , repeat . 
  the game started to reflect my actual life , which took the fun out of it for me . 
  why yes i am a paladin . 
  roses are red ,, 
  violets have beauty ,, 
  i 'm coming for that booty, 
  that be racist *, 
  i always knew godless popery were responsible for the canadian scourge !, 
  medium \u00fcber alles !, 
  it 's pretty easy . 
  if you did badly on the grammar task they will ask you some questions to see if you 're capable of understanding . 
  other than that they asked me some dumb question about what 's the difference between a door and gate . 
  such doge very cultural, 
  a twist worthy of m night shyamamamlanan, 
  if anglo is kebab , then that mean syddanmark also kebab ? 
  now you know how stupid you sound to us . 
  yes , really . 
  you sound equally absurd to our tastes , especially if you speak with some thick dialect . 
  sometimes it 's hard to believe that north america is a real place because they sound likes something that someone invented just to voice cowboys . 
  next time you to use a `` blinker '' , walk on a `` sidewalk '' , say something is `` dope '' or call someone a `` douch '' , remember how utterly ridiculous you sound to those of us who actually originated the languages . 
  as far as i see it , the london slang is no more foolish , childish , and utterly moronic as the slang that comes from your side of the atlantic , possibly less so . 
  [ avival pastoral - nathan larson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5udz_aix7wi ), 
  [ avival pastoral - nathan larson ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5udz_aix7wi ), 
  all those years of drawing penises in ~ ~ high school ~ ~ sixth form college, 
   guess i 'll go grab a bite at the literal best restaurant in the world , just around the corner . 
  number of michelin starred restaurants in denmark = 13, 
  number of michelin starred restaurants in the uk = 100 +, 
  try harder hurdy gurdy !, 
  danmark can not into relevance !, 
  i 'll just go to a three michelin starred restaurant in england , why do n't you do the same ? 
  oh shiiit , you have n't got any !, 
  michelin  shitey magazine !, 
  you still still butthurt cos you lost the danelaw , you ai n't never getting it back !, 
  danish people smell of pea soup !, 
  remove remove !, 
  entschuldigung :( can into scham now, 
  i have one word for you about that : copenhagenise,
