  often the buildings they 'd be standing outside would be older than their whole damn religion but they had the mindset of the early christian missionaries in africa . 
  i do n't see why it 's a problem for the state to partially support the , they were already doing so in prison so why not now . 
  those were n't police , they were court enforcement officers , their primary job is securing the property not dealing with the squatter , i think they destroy all the entrances as standard procedure to encourage the squatter to see that staying there is futile with no front doors . 
  moron , plenty of programmes are informative and serious while being considered entertainment ... a documentary about child abuse is entertainment , but does n't make light of the the issue . 
  you 're the one with the mental illness , mr. 
  massive extinction event is coming . 
  in most of the world that opinion is absolute , it 's not about rehabilitation , it 's about the cruel and unusual punishment of keeping elderly convicts in prison . 
  yes they 'll still be a burden but probably less of a burden than in prison . 
  sheltered housing / nursing home is often less expensive than running a prison unless that person is seriously ill . 
  your last point does n't even make sense . 
  i was n't disputing they 'd been convicted in court ( a fallible system fyi ) , i was n't even suggesting their innocence , i was just stating that the prison is n't there to make people suffer out of some sense of justice , but to protect society . 
  in most developed countries elderly prisoners are taken out of the system , either paroled or put on some type of home arrest . 
  funny how most americans who say this seem to make their judgement on the most superficial and pointless of things for example , the selection of food at the supermarket , free refills , the length of the menu in restaurants , whether they can get their favourite brands , how similar the mcdonalds is to back home . 
  never on things like crime rate , the amount of poverty , number of homeless and so on . 
  whenever i 've visited friends in the us you should see the pride in their eyes when they tell you you can have as much caesar salad as you want , or that the waitress will automatically refill your drink if you 're running low , or how you can choose from 251 types of doughnut , that there 's 100 cocktails on the menu , or 63 different types of steak , how this is the biggest or that 's the most popular or has the most variety . 
  even how american clothing stores stock all half sizes ranging from xs - xxxl and even have slim , athletic and husky fits . 
  i honestly i can see how coming from an infantile culture like the us , one that values these gimmicks and sheer quantity over substance every time , they might feel disappointed that the culture is different in most of europe . 
  good restaurants might only have 4 or 5 mains on the menu , supermarkets might be small and only carry the essentials , clothing stores will only have clothes that fit the majority of normally sized people . 
  people so blinded by excess will only see this as pokey , provincial , and backwards . 
  just yesterday i was walking through the u-bahn station and heard some american tourists commenting how it was `` very 70s '' and it just made me cringe , not only is that station undergoing large scale modernisation which is why it 's such a mess , but it 's also a part of a system that provide massive scale low cost public transport for millions of people , comparing it to america is impossible since in the us such a system would n't even exist in the first place . 
  what they never seem to get is that it 's a difference in how europeans value things . 
  i do n't want 63 types of steak , i want one or two types that the chef does really well . 
  i do n't care about 251 types of donut , especially when they mostly taste of the same artificially flavoured icing anyway , i 'd rather have one scoop of really well made vanilla ice cream or sorbet than 4 scoops of flavours so ridiculous that they have to give them names like triple choc fudge marshmellow banana dreamboat . 
  i 'd even rather my meals and drinks were more expensive than have a tipping culture that actively guilts one into paying a 15-20 % unofficial tax . 
  americans so rarely seem to get european culture . 
  no such thing as ethnically british unless you can prove you 're 100 % belonging to the original byrthonic people who were here long before the romans arrived . 
  that 's not the point . 
  british is not an ethnicity it 's a nationality . 
  claiming to be british is not equivalent with claiming to be caucasian or of europe heritage . 
  you seem to be missing the whole point here . 
  it 's americans who equivocate with nationality with ethnicity , some kind of outdated notion of blood and soil . 
  she is ethnically south asian and of british nationality , there 's little more to be said on the matter . 
  conservative gun owners can be pretty emotionally sensitive at times . 
  what gets me overall is not the food , but how americans measure a country by the expansiveness of the corporate world . 
  giant mega stores , endless amusements , biggest theme park , biggest restaurant , biggest water slide , huge cinemas , ice cream parlours with hundreds of flavours . 
  when i was 12 i thought it was great but honestly i do n't see how adults can measure a society by these things . 
  that said i can see why some americans react when they see europe , because it simply does n't have this flashy crap in such great abundance . 
  i 've been tracked down it seems . 
  is `` bloody '' back in use in the us . 
  ok , it seems to me that americans all fight in a very similar way i know this video is a totally non-stereotypical example , but what 's with people taking their shirts off to fight there , is it like a sign of dominance or something . 
  also americans seems to take up boxing stances when they street fight , what 's with that ? 
  then people just flail at each other til someone is knocked out . 
  seems like a really dumb way to fight if you ask me . 
  just seems like these are really common factors when i see these us ghetto fights . 
  why do wannabe gangstas always talk the same way ? 
  communities have ways of speaking that express their identities , whether that using slang like grammar and vocab , deepening their voice to sound tough , or speaking in ways traditionally considered effeminate to express that side of themselves . 
  yeah but it 's not like people can fight in other countries either , but if you ca n't fight it makes a lot of a sense not to both stand in each others ideal punching distance and flail , eventually someone is going to get knocked out . 
  fights i 've seen in the uk look a lot more scrappy if that makes sense ? 
  people stay away from each other but once they commit they go close and hug each other , not just stand around taking the punches . 
  [ this is a good example of what i mean ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4shnb0bamts&amp;t=2m32s ) , the fight just becomes a punch off ? 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  more like making my skin crawl, 
  maybe you should learn english rather than murican then ... yes , whilst , midst and amidst , amongst , they 're all still words outside burgerland , since unlike you we do n't struggle to pronounce the letter - t. . . 
  are you fucking retarded son ? 
  as i just stated it 's a fucking common word in countries other than the us of a , it 's only antiquated in the us . 
  `` gotten '' is antiquated in the uk and has 3 more letters than and means the same as `` got '' but you do n't see people getting butthurt over that . 
  i suppose you rage when people write flavour instead of flavor , and metre instead meter right ? 
  it 's not a fucking trend you retard . 
  it 's about as much as a trend as saying `` gotten '' is in the us . 
  why the fuck would you say a retarded word like `` gotten '' when `` got '' is fine ? 
  3 more letters retard . 
  oh yeah , just checked , op is british , feel like a retard yet ? 
  it 's not a new trend it 's just you who 's just noticed but is so self-centred as to believe that it 's everyone else who 's changed . 
  fucking confirmation bias you idiot . 
  also the % of reddit 's user base that is america has been diminishing year after year . 
  i 'm not new to the internet either fucktard . 
  just because you 've only just noticed that people who speak british english often use `` whilst '' does not make it a trend . 
  why do n't we look at the [ statistics then ] ( https://books.google.com/ngrams/graph?content=whilst&amp;year_start=1995&amp;year_end=2008&amp;corpus=15&amp;smoothing=3&amp;share=&amp;direct_url=t1%3b%2cwhilst%3b%2cc0 ) . 
  whilst has barely increased . 
  fyi whilst is considered proper in british english . 
  op is british so shut the fuck up . 
  how is that relevant to anything fucktard . 
  i do n't give a shit if you say `` gotten '' , i was parodying your retarded opinion about the word `` whilst '' . 
  whatever retard , you 're the one getting angry because someone uses - st instead of - e. 
  i 'm the nerd ? 
  you 're the one complaining because people use a word you do n't like , i ca n't imagine that `` cool stuff '' you 're going to do is very cool . 
  wow a surfer dude language nazi , you 're going places son . 
  good for you , but are n't surfers meant to be laid back ? 
  not the kind of people who get butthurt because they use a slightly different version of english from them ? 
  perfectly fine . 
  the infinitive is often used for things are expected in the future `` he is to play at my wedding '' `` we predict prices to rise '' and so on . 
  whatever man , you went full retard with your trend bullshit . 
  maybe learn about places other than where you live and you wo n't appear like a dick . 
  peace . 
  still sounds a bit strange to me if we 're being really strict , because it 's strange to conceive the absence of financial support as an extra burden , especially if you 're not already receiving the support . 
   without the financial support , i would also find it difficult to enjoy what [ university ] has to offer in terms of socials and societies as without this financial aid i would struggle to pay any membership dues/fees, 
   the withdrawal of financial support would mean that i would also find it difficult to enjoy what [ university ] has to offer in terms of socials and societies because the additional burden of costs would restrict my ability to pay for membership dues/fees, 
  nobody cares about the 3rd city of england . 
  i do n't transport to be honest . 
  in my long games i basically just made a home at mystery lake lodge , pleasant valley farmstead or the house with in the canadian flag in coastal village . 
  whenever i move i tend to only take a bit over 30 kg with the intention of eating myself under en route . 
  common items just are n't worth the weight to move . 
  i keep energy bars and salty crackers for moving since they 're high calorie and low weight . 
  moving stuff like meat is a waste of time , so i make this the staple of my diet leading up to any movements . 
  i 've returned to areas to find my fridge full of decayed meat which is depressing , i 'm trying to rid myself of hordeing tendencies right now but it 's hard to fight against the desire to protect against every possible bad spell of luck . 
  one problem i find is moving furs , because if you 're in crafted gear you 'd need it to repair but it 's a pain in the ass to take the extra weight of one of each type , usually i 'll just take a rabbit pelt and my first job in a new area will be acquiring a wolf and couple of deer pelts . 
  mres are kinda heavy , i rarely take more than one , i find them a pain because i rarely let myself become hungry enough to eat them , although i think ultimately the calorie to weight ratio works out ok . 
  really moving to a new zone is massive deal for me and kind of like starting over , i only do it when i 'm truly bored of an area and i 'm willing to risk death for a change of scenery . 
  it 's dangerous because firstly i 've found i 'm most likely to in the linking zones and secondly because when you arrive you 've got to quickly start restocking everything and hunting . 
  personally my favourite place is the farmstead .
