  most people over on / r/freefolk had nothing to do with that shit , but still they hate the concept of the freefolk because they think everyone should submit to their spoiler safe space logic . 
  haha after reading this sub it 's quite funny reading the theories people put on there . 
  [ doctors !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1shnylm7dbo ), 
  `` businessman '' ... `` newspaper distribution company '' ... 26 year old with a paper round then . 
  it 's terrible of course but why does it need to be sensationalised . 
  yeah , the material here is n't as strong as what he uses today , but still his eminent professionalism seems to carry him through the toughest sets with ease . 
  not every pizzeria can be in a rich white neighbourhood you realise ? 
  ca n't blame people for trying to scratch a living providing a legal service in a bad area . 
  hood pizza delivery guys are the heroes we need . 
  marsellus wallace was the cock merchant . 
  my guess would be that season 8 ends some weird apocalyptic shit where all the prophecy 's conditions are met but then it all gets fixed by bran with time travel or something . 
  for me `` knowing what is going to happen '' is rarely the reason i watch anything . 
  if you just `` wanted to know what will happen '' then spoilers should be satisfactory and there would be no point watching or reading anything in full at all . 
  the reality is that most people watch to see `` how '' things will happen . 
  most popular narratives and simple as fuck , and quite predictable generally , but you want to see how the actors/director make those ideas real . 
  i wish more people understood this and became enlightened freefolk rather than fucking whiny kneelers who cry when they hear anything about anything . 
  i jokingly said `` watch out for the poop and soup '' to someone once before they watched that episode with sam scrubbing chamber pots and they bitched at me as if simply knowing that the episode would somehow involve poop and soup had destroyed their viewing experience . 
  london and south africa share some phonetic qualities . 
  well , i would n't say it 's just reddit . 
  china is a relatively new force in the world and it 's starting to make leaps and bounds culturally as well as more materially . 
  i 'd say it 's met with a combination of jealously tinged mistrust and fairly reasonable scepticism given its rapid change . 
  for example , chinese tourists are far more numerous than ever before and sometimes annoying , that 's a fair comment , however , making out like they 're satan 's own spawn is just jealously driven idiocy . 
  think both , not sure . 
  yes , in fact london dialects , south african , australian , and new zealand accents all share many qualities . 
  probably because london was the dominant cultural urban centre during most of the early migration in the 19th century . 
  north american accents were more influenced by scottish , irish , and western england dialects , and just generally older 17th and 18th century dialects , when english was a bit different . 
  this guy , however , sounds to me to be a foreign ( greek cypriot ? ), 
  londoner ( possibly essex ) . 
  his accent has some qualities from multi-cultural london english too , which might be indicative of an ethnic background ( or not ) . 
  however , he definitely speaks like someone with a second language he speaks or spoke at home , even though his english is very natural for london , so he 's probably brought up in the london area with an ethnic background . 
  beautiful action !, 
  why would you be irritated by that . 
  nobody knows what constitutes science really . 
  different fields have different epistemic standards , different methodological criteria . 
  in many ways science is just what scientists say it is . 
  edit : itt : people who think the definition a body of knowledge ranging from string theory to anthropology is obvious . 
  i know a great deal about the philosophy of science . 
  that 's why i said what i did . 
  we have no consensus on the definition of science . 
  we have a host of competing ideas and theories . 
  however different scientific fields are often the best idea of what epistemic criteria are applicable within their body of work , which is why scientist decide what constitutes science . 
  science has greatly expanded its definition in the last century it 's astonishing . 
  i 've studied exactly this question actually . 
  pretending like science can easily be defined is as idiotic as the people the other poster was bitching about . 
  the definition of science is evolving every day . 
  no i studied the scientific method itself . 
  the idea of a singular scientific method has been utterly rejected since at least the 1960s . 
  your `` definition '' does even get close to defining all the different ways of thinking about `` science '' . 
  sorry to break the circlejerk , people want science to be obvious because it gives them a sense of surity , but the question `` what is science ? '', 
  is extremely complex and has literally millions of pages dedicated to it . 
  ok , i hear this a lot , people asking `` what 's the difference ? '', 
  and not quite understanding what freedom of movement is . 
  a big difference between freedom of movement as defined by the eu and a visa system is that freedom of movement is a right afforded eu citizens by eu law . 
  it means that you do n't just have the opportunity to live and work in another country , you 're guaranteed that right under law . 
  a visa system is always subject to the whims of the issuing authority , they set the conditions of your residency and define your status as a resident in terms of what you can and ca n't do . 
  for example if you have an agricultural visa you can only work in a narrow set of industries . 
  if they say you have to make at least # 25,000 a year then that 's what you 've got to do . 
  freedom of movement means that even if you 're an ex-con you have the right to move and be treated almost the same as a citizen . 
  however liberal a visa system they put in place after brexit it wo n't be comparable to eu citizen rights . 
  the effect is negligible and no substitute for safe sex . 
  taking out everyone 's appendixes would also reduce the chance of some illnesses , but it 's not necessarily wise . 
  might want to take care with that , i believe most unis take a dim view of people joining courses specifically with the intention to switch later , but tend to be more sympathetic when they legitimately believe you 've made a decision based on your experience in the first year . 
  thank you . 
  finally someone gave the right answer . 
  i think what he 's talking about is the international publishing standards outside of the us . 
  this does n't resemble any one national spelling but it does stay quite consistent between the other english speaking countries ( except for the us ) . 
  most publishing outside of the us broadly follows the oed 's recommendations ( strictly speaking not recommendations as it 's a descriptive dictionary , but i digress ) , it 's `` behaviour '' not `` behavior '' , but it 's `` realize '' not `` realise '' , older forms like `` gaol '' and `` focussing '' are replaced with more modern north american influences like `` jail '' and `` focusing '' , most words retain double letters though , so it 's `` cancelled '' and not `` canceled '' , most of webster 's simplifications e.g removing words like `` draught '' and `` cheque '' , and ceasing to distinguish between certain noun and verb forms e.g `` licence/license '' , are ignored . 
  following this standard british academic could get published in a australian , canadian or irish journal and never need a major rewrite and vice versa ( there might be differences in style or references but spelling wo n't be an issue ) . 
  american journals would insist everything be written following the us rules . 
  how people actually write in each country is a very different question . 
  canadians are inevitably partial to american spellings as they 're the most exposed to them of any english speaking nation . 
  australians and new zealanders seem to just do whatever they feel like a lot of the time . 
  brits persist in using '' - ise '' instead of '' - ize '' despite it not being the international standard . 
  most people are n't language aware enough to consciously choose which form of the written word they want to use , so just go with their gut . 
  even in the uk , the number of people submitting cvs written in american english is much higher than in the past , mostly due to spell checks and people not realising they need to switch it to english ( uk ) instead of the default english ( us ) . 
  tl ; dr there 's definitely more of a consensus about what is the `` proper spelling '' for international publishing amongst english speaking countries outside of the us , even if the people in those countries each have their own unique spelling choices when it comes to day to day writing . 
  think about the fact that language is really just a blur of sounds that make a pattern which our brains can interpret . 
  consonants that are n't pronounced when they 're the final letter in a word such as `` w '' ( there is no / w / sound in `` how '' ) and `` y '' ( there is no / y / sound in `` day '' ) are free to be used as linking sounds to keep speech fluid . 
  all english speakers do this . 
  `` doing '' sounds like `` do-wing '' . 
  `` the old '' often sounds like `` thee yold '' . 
  british speakers do it more than american speakers , but both groups do it . 
  note that many british speakers say `` at all '' and `` a tall '' exactly the same way , whereas many american speakers leave a pause between the `` at '' and the `` all '' . 
  pausing between words is a somewhat novel feature in the english language , as historically most dialects spoken in england had a more flowing quality , the legacy of norman french influence on the language potentially . 
  other germanic languages like dutch and german typically leave gaps between many words , whereas romance language are on the whole more flowing , especially french where each word flowing into the next is pretty much a necessity , and it even has spare letters at the end of words to help with this feature . 
  arguably this is a romance feature british english developed post 1066 . 
  so british english tends to flow more . 
  however , this is one more difference that makes the - r part of this flow . 
  in many british , particularly english dialects , the - r is never pronounced when it falls at the end of the word in the same way - w - and - y are n't . 
  in british english all these consonants only function to modify the preceding vowel in some way , either changing the vowel itself or indicating some kind of diphthong . 
  as - r is freed up in this way , it can be used as a linking sound with no impairment of communication , as speakers of final - r lacking dialects know , at some subconscious level , that the presence of an - r sound there has no morphological value ; simply put its presence or absence is just ignored . 
  so american english :, 
  is more comfortable with breaks between words, 
  pronounces word final - r and thus does n't have this sound free to be used for linking words . 
  why american english is this way we can only speculate about ; perhaps early american settlers were influenced by a host of other language e.g german and dutch , being spoken around their cities and settlements . 
  maybe americans are some point in history were keener to show their literacy and thus tended more heavily towards trying to give each letter a phonetic value . 
  it 's really not a question that can be answered . 
  ultimately , it 's a matter of perspective . 
  if you spoke a language that pronounced word final - w or - y as a consonant it would probably stick out like a sore thumb that people were saying `` thee yold house '' instead of `` the old house '' , in the same way that it sticks out to many americans that brits say `` americaris '' instead of `` america is '' .
