  also the american accent is perfectly capable of pronouncing it properly , it has all the right sounds , just imagine it 's written edinburuh and stop fixating on the spelling . 
  the same goes for places like warwick in the uk . 
  yes there are places in na where it 's pronounced like war wick , but we do n't call it war-rick because of some kind of accent thing , we can pronounced `` war wick '' just fine . 
  however the place is not pronounced that way , so just imagine it 's spelt warrick if it 's causing you so much trouble . 
  they really do n't sound remotely alike . 
  trolling is treading the thin line between absurdity and believability leading people into utter dismay and frustration as they are torn between dismissing you as a sockpuppet and taking your bait . 
  the worst were the ones that did n't even follow the meme format properly . 
  i saw stuff like `` keep calm and chocolate is delicious '' , `` keep calm and man city # 1 '' , that was actually rage inducing . 
  i had one teacher who was a maths phd and was definitely on the spectrum , struggled with eye contact , mumbled , would act very calm and then flip out all of a sudden . 
  another teacher , english graduate , fresh out of university , serial academic over achiever , would cry in class regularly if someone was mean to her , and by mean i mean really trivial shit like disagreeing with her opinion or disliking her new haircut . 
  objectively not at all . 
  if you are saying it like boro , as in westboro baptist church , then you 're going to need to use a diphthong like at the end of the word as in burrow or borrow , phonetically it looks like this / o\u028a / , the sound in words like low , go , and slow . 
  if you 're going to say edinburgh properly then you need to use schwa , a pure vowel and actually the most common vowel in the english language , this / \u0259 / , as you 'd use in a word like happen , / h\u00e6p\u0259n / , or a name like rosa , / ro\u028az\u0259 / . 
  you 're saying / \u025bd\u026anb\u0259ro\u028a / . 
  you should be saying / \u025bd\u026anb\u0259r\u0259 / . 
  simple as that , they are phonetically nothing like each other , and if you ca n't manage that then you 're just being ignorant by not learning how to say it correctly . 
  you 're effectively arguing that cup and cope do not sound different , and that 's a distinction any english speaker should be able to make . 
  it 's the equivalent of going to arkansas and pronouncing it like `` are kansas '' and when told you 're wrong saying they sound similar and it 's just an accent thing . 
  you 're the one being a fucking arsehole by not acknowledging what is a completely wrong pronunciation . 
  say edinburgh in an american accent as much as you want , but at least attempt to say it as literally the entirety of the english speaking world except a few americans manage to . 
  lol americans, 
  that does n't make any sense , if a person in a first world country wants to hedge currencies they can easily exchange their money into another currency , big companies do this especially if currency fluctuations affect their business . 
  in this cases like this it does n't matter if one hedged in $ or # or $ or dollarydoos . 
  for big companies the few americans who pay in dollars would just be a drop on the ocean , for the small companies it 's often a disadvantage , since any dollar payments they receive ca n't be converted to usable currency unless they pay commission . 
  converting home currency into foreign currency at a bank gives you control over what commission you pay and the exchange rate you get , as you decide when to hedge , if someone pays your small company in a foreign currency it just means more costs for you because if you want to use that money you 'll pay commission to exchange and might not be able to decide when you do this due to costs . 
  ultimately , canadian border businesses accept dollars as a courtesy to us customers and because they know the additional business they receive in doing this will be worth the cost of converting it to actually usable currency , if the dollar were weak they 'd continue to do this , a strong us dollar or weak canadian dollar is simply not really a factor in whether you 'll accept us currency or not . 
  in fact , if the dollar is already strong then it 's a bad time to hedge , since it 's already too late , a strong dollar will probably only stay the same or devalue while the canadian dollar will almost uncertainly eventually appreciate . 
  if anything , a weak canadian dollar is a reason to accept less us dollars as payment , since as i said , you 'll just be getting fewer dollars as prices will be in canadian . 
  remember the ppp of the us dollar will not have been significantly reduced by a weak canadian dollar , so even if the canadian company spends their us dollars in america , they wo n't be better off . 
  if they convert the us dollars to canadian for spending within canada , they wo n't be any better off because the payments they receive are conversions . 
  if i were a canadian company right now , i 'd be raising the rate of exchange it cost in my store to pay in us dollars , and if my client\u00e8le were primarily america i 'd be raising my prices because due to conversion they can now afford it . 
  the last thing i 'd be doing is trying to get more us dollars , when buying them is about as expensive as it gets right now . 
  please go back and read my edit . 
  please think about this . 
  right now buying us dollars is the most expensive as it 's probably going to get i.e. 
  the worst time to hedge into us . 
  letting people buy your stock in us dollars is essentially the same as buying us dollars , the only difference is that you are trading goods for currency rather than currency for currency . 
  goods that cost you the same regardless . 
  if someone pays in us dollars then you 're just getting comparatively less dollars , however , the price of doritos from your us supplier is unchanged since the purchasing power of a us dollar remains unaffected . 
  you get fewer dollars for selling your t-shirt for us , yet you pay the same as before ( so comparatively more ) for that pallet of us doritos . 
  essentially now is the worst time for canadian businesses to hedge into us . 
  the right time to hedge was before when you suspected the ca dollar might drop but before it actually did . 
  you are right in thinking it 's wise for companies to hedge by buying currencies . 
  the point is though a strong us dollar or weak ca dollar is if anything a reason not to let people pay you in us , not a time to acquire more us . 
  the ca dollars are probably only going to appreciate now , as they return to parity , and the us dollar will remain stable or depreciate , and ultimately that 's what matters . 
  undeveloped countries like us dollars because they 're reasonable stable , a safe bet , but so is sterling and so is the euro . 
  businesses in the first world however buy currencies when they think they will appreciate , and sell currencies they think they will devalue , and that 's all that matters . 
  as a rule of thumb , a currency being weak is not a sign it will devalue further , and a strong currency is not a sign it will get stronger . 
  nonetheless , those mexicans store owners are n't in the same position as canadian retailers . 
  the peso is considerably more vulnerable than ca dollars . 
  true , buying currency will protect you from risk , but right now you might be better buying euros or sterling , you 'd have to ask an expert . 
  ultimately , the guy i was responding to was wrong to think that weak ca dollar = canadians are keen to get your us dollars from you , usually that would mean the opposite unless you expect the ca dollar to get even weaker . 
  the point , a weak currency does n't necessarily mean a bad currency and that you 'd rather have mighty us dollars . 
  it 's kinda ignorant to assume everyone wants us dollars because it 's relatively strong right now , it 's all to do with whether that currency is increasing in value or depreciating , and a low relative value is n't necessarily a sign the currency is n't good . 
  to be fair it was just a vehicle for celebrities to talk about themselves , and sir patrick stewart and stephen fry were on it !, 
  how dare you call b list !, 
  while it is impossible to tell for certain , there are general genetic trends that will let people predict where you 're most likely to be from . 
  if you [ look here ] ( http://www.jowsey.com/genealogy/genetic/europe-haplogroups.png ) you can see the general trends . 
  as you go west the predominance as r1b is evident , the further north you go generally shows a greater presence of l1 with scandinavia being the hub , then as you go east r1a eventually becomes dominant . 
  you have outliers in any community though , meaning not all people will conform to these make ups . 
  essentially a dna will just look at your dna and see which of these averaged national make ups you fit most closely to , but it could easily be wrong . 
  i feel that american cultural influence is greatly exaggerated . 
  i mean the greatest influence they have is hollywood and that 's because it 's basically the global hub for english language film . 
  if you watch the academy awards it 's just one brit after another , also tonnes of the directors were n't born in the us , but the us appropriates them by giving them passports and calling them americans . 
  sure , i know the hollywood a-listers , but when i watch just like family guy , or the simpsons i find myself at a loss regarding some of the `` celebrity '' jokes . 
  i 'm just like who ? 
  i remember drinking with some americans and them freaking out about the fact that at the time i did n't know who ryan seacreast was . 
  i mean the rest of the world really only skims the cream off the top of american media , we 've got enough crap national celebrities of our own to getting on with . 
  anyone who self-identifies as a nerd or geek is a fucking twat if you ask me . 
  that applies to both the hot girl in thick frames with 20/20 vision saying she 's such a geek because she watched `` the star wars '' once , and to the obsessive figurine collector who plays old school d&d every weekend because the latest rules are too casual . 
  geek is not a culture , nerd is not a culture , you are not in a special club , it 's a not badge you wear on your lapel . 
  the beauty of the `` geeks '' and `` nerds '' of bygone days was that they did n't identify as such , they just did their thing , other people labelled them that . 
  they just did their things and their natural social awkwardness and obsessiveness expressed itself authentically . 
  people are taking this way too far simply because she 's hot and a trainee doctor . 
  ugly people with no career prospects ca n't wait to drag her down with their jealous eyes . 
  i 'm not defending what she did , she seems like an entitled brat , but this kind of shit happens everyday and they do n't get a viral manhunt . 
  not in the bundestag they 're not . 
  if you jump on one of those free tours through the streets that rely on tips then yes . 
  however , the german government would never allow that in a german government building . 
  it would perceived as exploitative and cheap for a european government to do that . 
  the tours are free in the same way the british museum is free , paid for with tax money and gift shop sales . 
  it was the same when 9/11 happened . 
  someone just ran into the classroom during break and was like `` put the tele on ! '', 
  we watched for like 10 minutes and were like `` cool , let 's play football ! '', 
  to us it was just another crazy thing happening in america , where crazy shit seemed to us to be the norm anyway . 
  it was n't until i got home from school and my dad had it on and said `` this is a big deal . 
  the americans are n't used to being attacked on their own soil , they never had the blitz , they have n't had any terrorists attacking them like the ira , there will definitely be a war over this '' . 
  as kids we did n't really understand seriousness of it all , the media always has a somewhat hysterical tone so it was just like so what ? 
  just another tragedy i 'm not going to worry myself over because i 'm just a kid . 
  what the fuck are you on about ? 
  donation boxes are n't tips for the employees , they go towards the general costs of the museum , the employees get decent enough salaries guaranteed to them , they see none of the donations directly . 
  the museums are tax funded and free , that 's why the donation box is there , if you want to support the good work they do you can , it 's not an obligation and it 's not a tip , it 's just like donating to anything that is a quasi charity . 
  trust me when i say that everywhere in europe , if the tour is provided by an institution then the employees are paid a salary and tipping is pretty unusual . 
  the type of tours you are talking about are the free `` walking tours '' of cities that are run by private businesses on a pay as much as you feel basis . 
  they do this because they know that by its being free they 'll get more people interested and that generally tourists are quite generous with their tips . 
  the tour of the bundestag he went on was run by the bundestag itself , and does n't fall into that category . 
  you 're making the mistake of thinking that all the free tours in europe are run like the walking tours , when in fact those freelance tour guides generally are n't even allowed into the government and institution run buildings . 
  well that 's pretty lazy of you . 
  ok i 'll amend `` they are free , paid for with tax money , gift shop sales and donations '' . 
  however those donations are not tips , they do n't go to the employees ffs and there 's no obligation to tip the salaried tour guides .
