  because of the traffic density it 's rarely possible to be in the far left lane between every car you overtake , but at least most people get where they want at the speed they want to drive at , as very rarely are all lanes blocked with a slow person in the fast lane . 
  only when you have two lorries trying to race each other and everyone else trying to go around them anyway . 
  as you walk out ? 
  ok , so it 's really not that difficult to see why . 
  there are number of factors at play here which determine the likelihood of there being chilled beer available . 
  first off , supermarkets never sell all their beer cold . 
  it would be waste of money to keep all that beer chilled as it can be stored at room temperature . 
  paying all that money for extra fridges and electricity for something that does n't need it would be crazy . 
  supermarkets tend to only sell a limited range of things from fridges for immediate consumption . 
  being a brand a supermarket sells from the kiosk area cold is actually quite a big deal , and companies vie for these positions when making contracts with retailers . 
  they may knock money off huge stock orders in return for being a given a place in the fridge . 
  this is why you see the big companies like coca cola in the kiosk area of the supermarket , whereas further into the supermarket you 'll find pepsi and tonnes of other competitors . 
  companies even do stuff like offer free branded fridges to companies on the proviso that they position them near the tills and only sell their brands from it . 
  [ you must have seen something like this before ] ( http://gossaslina.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/03/kyltopp_cc.jpg ) . 
  that said , supermarkets will only sell a product cold if they make sufficient profit from it from the kiosk area . 
  if people are n't taking it from the fridge and buying it then they wo n't put themselves in the position of being obliged to stock it in the kiosk fridges . 
  also some items may be put in the kiosk area simply because they 're such good sellers rather because of an agreement . 
  they might just find that ribena sells well there for example , and so they make good profit keeping it there . 
  anyway going back to beer , there is only limited fridge space for beer . 
  many supermarkets take advantage of this limited space by only putting a few types of beer that they make a good profit on in the fridges with the drinks . 
  they do this everywhere , not just the uk . 
  go to germany and you 'll see lead brands like becks in the fridges , but go deeper and you 'll find every brand under the sun in the aisles . 
  so ultimately it makes no sense to stock too wide a range of beers in the kiosk fridges , as in this situation you have more power over the customer who undoubtedly wants a beer to drink right now rather than after they 've had time to chill it at home . 
  if you want cold beer right now then you 're going to have to choose one of our lead brands or best profit makers i 'm afraid . 
  the next big factor in whether to stock beer in the supermarket kiosk is the degree of foot traffic that the supermarket gets . 
  if a supermarket is out in the middle of nowhere , and all the access comes from the car park , then cold beer will not sell well in the kiosk , as most people are unable to drink their beer immediately due to having to drive home . 
  inner city supermarkets , however , ones which people stop at when they 're walking home from work , ones near train stations and public transport hubs etc. 
  will always stock beer because they know many people are getting stuff to consume immediately . 
  finally there 's also a level of cultural difference in how acceptable drinking beer as a refreshment while on the go is . 
  in some countries buying a beer and cracking it open outside the supermarket is totally normal , no different from drinking a can of coke . 
  however in some countries that would be considered very trampy and perhaps even illegal , so this will affect sales as well . 
  imo , uk is probably in the middle in this regard , cracking a beer open in the street is n't really considered morally reprehensible as it would be in the us perhaps , but there 's still a slight stigma about walking around drinking beer directly from the bottle / can , and this could impact sales . 
  this stigma even differs from region to region due to the demographics in those regions . 
  supermarket in a student village with mostly 18-30 customers ? 
  stack the cold beers up by the exit . 
  majority of your customers pensioners ? 
  majority muslim area ? 
  probably not worth it , you 're better off putting fruit juices or something in their place . 
  ultimately , the answer to your question is kinda tautological . 
  why do some supermarkets in the uk stock cold beer ? 
  because it 's profitable for them to do so . 
  why do some not stock cold beer ? 
  because it 's more profitable to give that space over to something else . 
  if your supermarket does n't stock cold beer , it 's not because it could n't or because nobody has thought of it , it 's because either they tried it and did n't make more money doing it , or because someone has decided it 's not even worth trying . 
  i was using the names just for the lanes , i do n't mean those lanes are actually fast or slow , they 're just convenient names that everyone can understand . 
  the outside/inside lane naming system is confusing as fuck , and left and right have different meanings depending on which side you 're driving on . 
  in the uk traffic density means it 's hard move back to the left most lane between every car , my advanced driving instructor suggested only moving over if you think you 'll need to spend more than 20 secs before pulling out again . 
  why would that be illegal , as soon as you 're off the premises you 're good . 
  the reasons do hold true in the us . 
  they hold true always . 
  the answer is simple . 
  why do supermarkets in states that allow beer to be sold there refrigerate a wide selection of beer ? 
  because it 's more profitable to do so than not to do so . 
  why do n't some british retailers do the same ? 
  because it 's not profitable to do so . 
  the only space for interpretation comes in when you ask why is it profitable for us supermarkets to do so but not profitable for some british supermarkets . 
  to work this out there are endless factors , including :, 
  cost of refrigerators, 
  floor space available, 
  cost of electricity, 
  cultural expectation that beer will be sold cold, 
  profit margin on beer, 
  net profit on cold beer compared to other items, 
  in my previous post all i offered were some possible interpretations of why it 's not worth it for some uk supermarkets not to sell much cold beer . 
  ultimately though , it boils down to whether doing so is a cost efficient way of increasing profits . 
  the reasons why it is a cost efficient strategy in one place but not in another are anyone 's guess . 
  consumer behaviour is dictated by innumerable factors , but the bottom line is what supermarkets use to decide what to do . 
  my personal guess would be that the reason the us has it is because they typically do n't have the space restraints that uk supermarkets do , which means that the profits they gain from adding a fridge stocked with a wide range of beer are n't at the expense of more profitable features , and since this has been the case for a while , it has now become standard in much of the us meaning that consumer behaviour is impacted by this standard , whereas in the uk it is not . 
  these factors have a significant enough impact to mean it 's worth stocking a fridge with beer , despite the negative impact the us open container laws have on people buying beer for immediate consumption . 
  yes , there are areas of britain where the consumption of alcohol in public is illegal , enforced with local bylaws , but these areas are by far in the minority , restricted mostly to highly urbanised and commercialised areas , known anti-social behaviour hotspots , and fancy places that are trying to keep the riff raff out . 
  personally think they 're bad as they 're just a thinly veiled attempt to push homeless people into out of certain areas and hide them away where they ca n't be seen . 
  funny how these designated alcohol consumption free zones are always places where business interests are heavily invested . 
  to be fair it 's not illegal in most places . 
  it 's usually only larger towns and cities , and only places where either they 've had anti-social behaviour due to drinking or somewhere they 're trying to keep the homeless out of . 
  go to almost any small village or insignificant suburb in the uk and it 's perfectly legal to walk around drinking booze . 
  i once lived in a town where public alcohol consumption was banned in the inner most part of the town , but the rule was such bullshit , since it was only applied selectively on people who the police considered undesirable , ordinary people sipping a beer were ignored . 
  should also add that the ehic only covers you while you 're on holiday . 
  if you 're staying somewhere longer than 6 months , or are seeking employment in the country , or are in education there , you 're expected to pay the same as any native living there would . 
  kinda sucks that germans who move to the uk get free healthcare , but britons in germany have to pay . 
  there 's always less communication with public healthcare , you 're not a customer you 're part of the system . 
  that said , better that than no healthcare as happens in the us . 
  i bet if she were getting it for free she would n't be so pissy , because she 's a foreigner paying with insurance she 's going all `` i wana speak to the manager '' . 
  she 's really exaggerating her problems though . 
  people in the media and political pr who attempt to control the political narrative are trying to capitalise off brexit as a story that received relatively large amount of attention in the us ( for a british political event at least ) . 
  certainly the brexit story is a political narrative that has brought the british and american alt-right together , which is why you see the likes of farage being used for support by trump . 
  the desire of many americans for the return of a republican `` strong man '' president has definitely been mixed in with the some briton 's desire to escape the `` faceless bureaucrats in brussels '' . 
  the rise of the alt-right in the last 10 or so years is really quite objectively fascinating , albeit subjectively terrifying . 
  ironically it shows all the hallmarks of a new era of globalisation in being a political movement that crosses borders , all the while defining itself by its anti-corporate , anti-globalism , anti-immigration , pro-protectionism , pro-middle class , pro-militaristic , conservative narrative . 
  i guess the result is that as its most basic level that brits are `` in '' from a political standpoint right now . 
  it 's interesting , because britons seem to be taking a greater interest in american politics than ever before , and simultaneously americans are becoming more comfortable in hearing british political voices with the context of their own politics . 
  if you think about it , something like john oliver , despite the fact he 's highly americanised , probably would n't have been possible 20 years ago . 
  it could almost be read a sign of things to come , as greater cultural proximity is seemingly inevitable . 
  i think most people would be more grateful in a foreign country , not make a newspaper story out of it . 
  the kind of tone she 's talking on is the kind that most westerners would take on if they were getting treated in the middle east or somewhere vastly poorer than their own country . 
  i think it 's quite an american thing to act as if any country other than your homeland is does n't compare . 
  as if the highly educated irish doctors were n't `` real '' doctors who were doing their best to assist . 
  as if the condition in ireland we so poor as to constitute a 3rd world country . 
  add that to fact she feel off a mobility scooter and is obese and you 've got sas . 
  i 've never seen anyone signal when backing out of a parking space . 
  which is free ?
