  that 's a load of old horseshit i 'm afraid . 
  for every traditional pronunciation america uses there 's another one that 's evolved since the revolution . 
  `` et '' is the traditional pronunciation in this case . 
  just because it ate looks phonetically like ayt to you does n't mean that was the case hundreds of years ago . 
  i 'm actually quite informed in phonetics unlike you who 's full of shit . 
  you 're the one trying to call a pronunciation wrong so it 's clearly you who is closed minded , judgemental , and is missing out . 
  well i 'm european and the last time i ate peanut butter was as a kid , and even then it was just a couple of times . 
  for me it 's one of those foods that seems a good idea but usually is n't worth the effort of buying only for a half eaten jar to go mouldy in your cupboard . 
  now marmite that 's the shit you want for breakfast , what could be nicer than malty black yeast extract , food of the gods . 
  i really do n't know why you think that , whilst i agree the local council is a joke the city as a whole has been doing pretty well overall . 
  there 's still a lot of economic deprivation further out of town but certainly the inner city is looking good these days . 
  i was back there only a couple of weeks ago and i was amazed at how cosmopolitan and improved much of the city was looking . 
  imo birmingham is slowly but surely sorting itself out , whether this will ever be recognised considering the damage done to its reputation remains to be seen . 
  sure i 'm clearly so mad because you 're an uneducated fool and i 'm provided some facts and basic arguments and you 're just downvoting and talking shit . 
  calling me closed minded when you 're the one saying different ( and historically supported ) pronunciations are incorrect . 
  obviously facebook is leaking . 
  such strong words `` moron '' `` fool '' , anyone who goes around claiming other people 's traditional/regional modes of talking are `` wrong '' is by default a moron and a fool . 
  the only wrong pronunciations are mispronunciation or things people have made up themselves , otherwise have some damn respect for historical / cultural discrepancies . 
  to be judged an entire nation , a french speaking one no less , is surely a fate worse than death . 
  short answer : no, 
  today i learnt that if you want to be a famous news anchor have a good voice !, 
  that 's what i have on my fish though :(, 
  she 'd be queen of house windsor , or saxe-coburg and gotha were it not for ze germans . 
  give it a rest , it gets so boring reading reddit and having everything related back to america . 
  if it 's not american we have to hear about the american equivalent , if it is in any way related to america we have to be reminded . 
  we all know where mcdonalds came from , you come across as a bunch of insecure dullards if you constantly go on about it . 
  ( oh wow downvotes from idiots - seriously think about it , do you think anyone does n't know mcdonalds is from the us ? 
  obviously not , then this comment serves no other purpose than to circlejerk about the usa . 
  why you ca n't even let australia have the mccafe , you have to make it about america again , bunch of self-obsessed asshats . ), 
  amg , wine and cheese those exist in america in case you did n't know . 
  california makes great wine if you did n't know . 
  just in case you did n't know america has these things in it !, 
  is n't that interesting . 
  on the america wide web right ? 
  do n't you dare say anything bad about america , that 's just racist . 
  only americans are allowed to mock other cultures because that 's hilarious . 
  i do n't even care about hearing about america here , although it 's annoying that everyone gets their america comparison rulers out the moment anything remotely of interest happens elsewhere as if that were unusual somehow . 
  all that annoys me here is that the moment someone shows that mccafe started in australia someone has to remind everyone that mcdonalds is american , despite it being possibly the most well known american export . 
  i mean why ? 
  it 's like they 're afraid that giving australia credit for one thing might make their dick shrink to the size of a peanut , god forbid anyone were to forget for a moment mcdonalds is american , so they have to rush in and americanise it somehow . 
  hurr durr , why is it that the moment anyone makes a joke at america 's expense it 's `` unfunny '' , `` racist '' `` anti-american circle jerk '' and gets a metric shit tonne of downvotes . 
  are you suggesting australia did n't win ww2 , because as a member of the allied forces ( from the start as well not just turning up late ) they certainly did . 
  they participated in both wars ? 
  so yes they do have that one under their belt . 
  [ mercia ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/mercia ), 
  drunk *, 
  it 's [ here ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/poundtown,+co.+roscommon,+ireland/@54.0061795,-8.09388,16z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m2!3m1!1s0x485e8f6b7548638d:0x5bd543a0db75ca20 ), 
  i still have no clue why anyone feels the need for a jockstrap ? 
  they simply do n't exist in europe oo, 
  if you 're going to use that word at least use it right : oftentimes *, 
  to one up your pedantry , both oftentimes and often times are completely useless , often times is n't correct since often already implies `` times '' . 
  but if you must use it then use the contraction , otherwise you 're just using words superfluously with no grounds whatsoever . 
  come on , he could have at least shot her for it . 
  bum bag *, 
  a true barbarian, 
  not the biggest of european countries , that 's germany . 
  statistically no, 
  some people simply do n't want to understand other accents , so they do n't, 
  well as a briton i 'd pronounce it newfunlund so i 'd guess canadians are just being good children and pronouncing things with properly diminished vowels !, 
  you 're both wrong to be honest . 
  not all the vowels are diphthongs , and all the vowels can be different sounds . 
  at school we learnt the phonetic english alphabet first which prevents the overuse of the upper case diphthongs . 
  it 's standard english that pronounces them differently . 
  in fact any accent that does n't have the - r , so most of the uk and the east coast of the usa . 
  i do n't think those dialects are `` weird '' given they 're spoken in both london and new york . 
  to be fair we ca n't even agree on this . 
  where i 'm from shire is `` sheer '' , but in other places it 's just `` shuh '' , other places closer to `` shar '', 
  firstly : than * , also you 'll find we pronounce it shed-dyule , and americans pronounce it sked-d ( y ) ew-el . 
  screw yoko ono for existing tbh ,, 
  i agree . 
  i watched the whole damn thing and by the end it was becoming boring . 
  it has some good bits but man does it make you suffer some tedious skyler and disabled son side plot for it . 
  nowhere near got 's level . 
  who * , and switzerland has great pizza places , italian pizza places that are obviously nothing like what you 're expecting . 
  `` he do n't '' is naturally incorrect , `` he does n't '' that 's fine . 
  not remotely the same thing . 
  i hate you for this attitude, 
  it 's just wrong to use the 've contraction when the have of the 've is n't been used as an auxiliary like that . 
  sometimes it 's ok , like saying `` i 've a cake in the oven '' sometimes not `` i should 've my hat on '', 
  what the hell does that mean ? 
  it is never ever over , my lover of clover ? 
  to summarise this thread :, 
  you ca n't end a sentence in a contraction that is n't - n't , except when the sentence is predicate dropping e.g `` did you go ? '', 
  `` i should 've '' ( gone ) . 
  why - linguistic convention logically formed from what the sentence is stressing . 
  `` is it good ? '', 
  `` it 's '' is wrong because `` is '' is the important part of the sentences , `` it it good '' `` tis '' is acceptable ( if archaic ) , because the it 's leaving the `` is '' part intact . 
  i would n't say this type of t-dropping is rife . 
  i 've noticed that people who work with americans do start to change their - t 's to - d 's and say things like pardy instead of party which is just silly in a british accent . 
  personally i 've noticed lots of people saying twenny instead of twenty , but never twendy . 
  surely were the taxi drivers to succeed then all that 'd happen would be that \u00dcber would change their system so that drivers could simple state a price beforehand , one that 'd no doubt be calculated using google maps anyway . 
  i understood that german sentence !, 
  you have no idea how happy this makes me given i 'll be living there soon and my german is so schlect :(, 
  in a dark pit of lingual dissatisfaction, 
  her majesty elizabeth the second of house windsor , by the grace of god , of the united kingdom of great britain and northern ireland , and of her other realms and territories , queen , head of the commonwealth , defender of the faith , duchess of edinburgh , countess of merioneth , baroness greenwich , duke of lancaster , lord of mann , duke of normandy , sovereign of the most honourable order of the garter , sovereign of the most honourable order of the bath , sovereign of the most ancient and most noble order of the thistle , sovereign of the most illustrious order of saint patrick , sovereign of the most distinguished order of saint michael and saint george , sovereign of the most excellent order of the british empire , sovereign of the distinguished service order , sovereign of the imperial service order , sovereign of the most exalted order of the star of india , sovereign of the most eminent order of the indian empire , sovereign of the order of british india , sovereign of the indian order of merit , sovereign of the order of burma , sovereign of the royal order of victoria and albert , sovereign of the royal family order of king edward vii , sovereign of the order of merit , sovereign of the order of the companions of honour , sovereign of the royal victorian order , sovereign of the most venerable order of the hospital of st john of jerusalem . 
  queen of canada * ( and england , scotland , wales , northern ireland , australia , new zealand , antigua and barbuda , the bahamas , barbados , belize , grenada , papua new guinea , saint kitts and nevis , saint lucia , saint vincent and grenadines , guernsey , the isle of mann , jersey , solomon isles and tuvalu ) . 
  but mostly canada . 
  no , entering any comment section populated by sane people is a bad idea for you . 
  go spread your shit on facebook or somewhere would you now ?
