  shall is also used to suggested a weak normative implication . 
  please see my response to the other poster . 
  he is wrong , in many dialects shall does not only mean either `` must '' or `` will '' . 
  shall is actually the indicative form of `` should '' . 
  notice :, 
  `` should we go ? 
  yes , but let 's not '' makes perfect sense . 
  `` shall we go ? 
  yes , but let 's not '' does not make sense . 
  `` will we go ? '', 
  make it sound as if the decision is out of our hands . 
  your use of `` shall '' is completely fitting here ( although `` will '' would also be possible ) , because you 're saying that not discussing that the matter thoroughly is fitting and right in this situation , and that is what you intend ( not ) to do . 
  you 've completely missed the fact that shall acts as intensifier in the 2nd and 3rd person , when contrasted with `` will '' , and can be suggestive of a normative implication . 
  your assumption that `` shall '' can only represent either `` must '' or `` will '' is completely misguided and totally reductive . 
  modality is nowhere near that simple . 
   as i see no benefit in replacing `` will '' with `` shall '', 
  that 's your opinion if you want , but it 's probably a product of your dialect not using it much . 
  however in many english dialects it 's absolutely necessary . 
  e.g will we go ? 
  - sounds too passive , as if we did n't have a choice in whether it happens or not . 
  should we go ? 
  - sounds too unreal . 
  to demonstrate , it 's perfectly possible to respond to this question with `` yes , we should , but let 's not '' . 
  must we go ? 
  - is clearly wrong here too , as it 's not a question of necessity . 
  shall we go ? 
  - is the perfect way to express this thought , as it 's asking 1 . do you think it is right for us now to leave ? 
  ( normative ) and 2 . do you have that intention . 
  edit : i 'll also add that `` one shall remove all ... '' and `` one must remove all ... '' do not have the same meaning . 
  in the former it 's clear that the reason one removes the things is because of some authority that has mandated so , the latter could be interpreted that way but could also mean that the necessity is natural . 
  e.g `` you must put the wheels on to ride the bike '' is fine , `` you shall put the wheels on to ride the bike '' is not . 
   i see now that i should have made it clearer that , in my experience , most people seem to use `` shall '' to indicate either `` will '' or `` must '', 
  maybe in your dialect but i can assure you this is n't the case across the language generally . 
  `` shall we x ? '', 
  is a pretty damn common phrase in the english language in my experience and it means neither `` will '' or `` must '' . 
  it 's hardly `` less common '' imo . 
  it seems quite ubiquitous . 
   is rather unfair, 
  what 's unfair is that you 're representing your view as the norm when while that might be the case in your experience is certainly is n't the case amongst english speaker generally , especially in higher register language like academic english . 
   merely denotes my opinion with respect to my own writing style . 
  cheers , 
  your entitled to your opinion , but a lot of writers use `` shall '' in the sense i outlined above , op should have that option . 
  retain : something staying in your possession , normally despite some attempt to remove it e.g the court decided mr smith should retain the assets . 
  it can also be a more abstract sense of a force that might remove a possession e.g he retained his wits well into his elderly years . 
  keep : to have possession of something , regardless of whether there was any attempt to remove it . 
  it has a secondary meaning of `` look after '' but it does n't have to mean this . 
  hold : to grasp something physically . 
  this is abstracted to defending possession of something physically often in military terms e.g the regiment held the position . 
  rarely used to simply mean possession , although common with certain abstract objects e.g he holds many titles / records . 
  preserve : to take action to maintain the state of an object etc. 
  he preserved the food in vinegar . 
  the curator preserved the paintings . 
  store : to place in a suitable place such that the object can be accessed and used at a later time . 
  yes there was an overreaction . 
  while it was definitely a serious piece of news worthy of the immediate attention it got , it certainly does n't need to be dwelt on now that we 've seen the extent of the attack . 
  that 's not to say it was n't a terrible thing . 
  i just see it as a crazy person murdering and injuring a few people , and that happens reasonably regularly in the uk , and almost everyday across the entire world . 
  trying to give it the significance of a major terrorist attack like , say , the paris shooting is overreacting . 
  i can understand the immediate reaction because at first nobody knew what had happened and then nobody knew if there was going to be multiple attacks . 
  now , however , knowing that while was a tragic event , it was n't a major attack , there 's little reason for outcry or rehashing of the facts . 
  i think it 's just cutesy marketing speak . 
  `` baby with mummy '' instead of `` the baby with his mummy '' and stuff like that . 
  most european languages uses the informal pronoun with god from what i 've seen . 
  i have never ** came ** across such bad writing . 
  weird . 
  i speak english and a fair bit of german but the dutch version sounds way better to me , has way more flow imo . 
  which is why i think it 's strange you prefer the german version . 
  psychology is a science but it is n't considered stem , science is simply defined by the application of the inherently empirical scientific method to a problem . 
  in my opinion , stem is generally defined by being either a `` hard science '' in the sense of dealing directly with physical properties of matter in a direct way and the complex mathematical description that involves , or by being a subject that deals with mathematics directly , whereas subjects like psychology and linguistics deal with higher order phenomena that require examination of inherently subjective problems . 
  maths is a slightly strange one in that it involves the study an inherently subjective matter , it is , nonetheless , necessary to the project of science and a topic in which at large degree of consensus can be found . 
  thus it gets a stem badge of honour . 
  the project of cognitive science as i see it , is the attempt to bridge this divide between the hard sciences , social sciences , and humanities . 
  based in the assumption that a bridging of subjective phenomena and the physical properties of which hard science in the study is possible . 
  this has its basis a general worldview that assumes cognitivism , materialism , and a host of axiomatic philosophical premises that became popular in the 20th century . 
  linguistics forms a part of a core of fields which currently show the most promise for furthering our understanding of some of the greatest problems humanity has dealt with through the millennia . 
  i 'd say the fields at the heart of this debate are philosophy of mind , philosophy of language , linguistics , psychology , neuroscience , logic , computer science and mathematics . 
  i , like many people who find linguistics interesting , find interest in the notion that somehow furthering our understanding of language will contribute to a body of research that will allow us to better understand the nature of thought , and in turn the how the brain gives rise to consciousness and how its application could be applied to problems like artificial intelligence . 
  despite this , i do n't think linguistics is stem as i see stem as being defined by being on the other side of this conceptual gap in our knowledge that the cognitive sciences attempt to bridge . 
  linguistics is a science due to its methodology , but it 's not stem because its object of study is not of the type that stem is defined by . 
  that 's interesting , but it would be great if you could elaborate a bit more . 
  i get the feeling there is a relation between the two but i 'm not really clear on what it is . 
  i would bear in mind that the ultimate goal of cognitive science is the bridge this gap without anything being lost . 
  that is to say , unravel precise relationships between cognition and language , and cognition and the physical action of the brain . 
  neuroscience is a a hard science insofar as it studies the physical processes that occur within the brain . 
  it seeks to study these processes and describe them mathematically e.g the pattern in the behaviour of neurons . 
  it is a `` hard science '' when it simply attempts to describe the physical events that happen in the brain organ . 
  when it gets into more complex phenomena e.g the relationship between neurochemical states and behaviour or mood , it 's ultimately getting into more higher order problems and ceases to be a `` hard science '' . 
  there remains a massive ontological gap between things like behaviours and moods the physical states of the brain as we have very little idea of how the physical states we observe give rise to the behaviours and moods subjects report themselves to be in . 
  this is in stark contrast with , say , a computer program which it is possible to understand in a way that lets us make sense of how physical event arise to produce the higher order phenomena . 
   i think the distinction is that a bachelor 's in psychology is not considered stem , whereas some graduate degrees and associated fields in psychology are stem . 
  you 're conflating stem with the prestige stem garners in the scientific community . 
  it 's nothing to do with bachelor 's or post-grad . 
  post-grads in social science might be taken more seriously by scientists but stem is defined by the ontological, 
   as we focus more on studying the brain itself and less on trying to interpret human behavior . 
  it 's a massive assumption on your behalf to believe that there is any reason why that would happen frankly . 
  just because we make progress in understanding the physical processes in the brain is no reason to assume that the project of studying and understanding human behaviour is in any sense finished ,, 
   so it 's s ( cience ) . 
  i do n't think it should be necessary to explain that words are defined by their use on a linguistics sub . 
   but ... ? 
  but what ?
