  a more clearly existential state would be `` a chair is in a room '' . 
  but we introduce existential statements in english mostly with there is/are . 
  so there 's your real difference in meaning , there is/are signifies the speaker is making an existential claim . 
  latin just lacks as phrase to distinguish existential claims from more mundane speech . 
  where could n't you find an apple store in the uk , they 're all over the bloody place with their wanker filled shops . 
  it 's more of a north/south divide to be fair . 
  the working class in northern wales is where it survived , do you really think the working class in cardiff feel like welsh is their language ? 
  welsh retreated to the rural community , do n't mistake the rural working class communities of wales with all working class welsh people . 
  heard a story once , a couple getting married , there were new in a local community and decided to get a local to marry them . 
  the local vicar was an obese middle aged woman and they wanted to be married outdoors , they checked it with her and she said was fine . 
  come the day of the wedding and everyone is excited , guests get there but no vicar yet , groom gets there still no one there to take the service , finally the bride gets there , late as tradition dictates . 
  still no vicar , it 's a hot day , people are uncomfortable outdoors in their suits and dress suits . 
  people are starting to get restless , wanting to leave and find somewhere to shelter from the sun . 
  1 hour late the vicar waddles in , when asked what happened she cites bowel troubles as the reason , just what you want to hear on your special day ... `` oh funny wedding story , the service we 'd spent thousands on almost did n't go ahead because our obese vicar was shitting her guts out for a whole hour prior to the service '' . 
  she literally expected the world to stop and wait because she had to shit out last night 's cheese binge . 
  not to mention the fact that every minute they wasted was costing money as they 'd books a reception for after the service . 
  she even had the gall to complain that she would 've been able to get there earlier if there had been a toilet ( yes , it 's their fault for not having built a toilet in a field ) . 
  seems to me that it 's often the case that obese people who suffer from chronic illnesses are really pissy about it , because deep down nobody really gives them the sympathy they think they deserve , as they see themselves as hapless victims while the rest of the world sees their illnesses as self inflicted . 
  i mean she could have just lied and said there was a real emergency or anything ( i mean anything would be better reason to give than implying you have the shits , house fire , car trouble , the emotional breakdown of a loved one ... 
  i mean what kind of new bride wants to have to explain that the service started late because of the fat vicar 's colon ) , but no , be a martyr to your disgusting ailment by shamelessly telling people about it as if that would invoke sympathy , it 's just indicative of the pathetic `` muh condishuns '' mentality some people have these days . 
  we discriminate between those nations we 're in a political union with who reciprocate freedom of movement and those that do n't ... fuck me right ? 
  when your nation starts giving me the right to reside and work there i 'll be happy for you guys to come over and do the same . 
  although it 's unpopular to say it , european immigrants are on the whole a better standard of immigrant than those from outside the eu , coming from more equivalently developed nations that share many of our values . 
  ah yes , one rule for you , one rule for others . 
  you 're just a perfect example of the ill conceived delusion of many british middle and working class types that britain is some kind of holy land that trumps other european nations . 
  except the uk spelling was the name that its discoverer finally endorsed , and thus is the correct one . 
  if you want to claim the original name is the `` correct '' one then you 'll have to start saying `` alumium '' . 
  the american one is a weird in betweener , neither the original nor the official one . 
   as you all know americans like to spell things differently than us brits, 
  no ... they like to spell things differently ** from ** us ... `` than '' is reserved for true comparatives !, 
  sounds like you 're already starting to succumb to their wrong headed spelling traditions . 
  it 's not really the same is it . 
  you 'd need some really hard evidence of wrong doing to impeach a president , i mean you 'd need to show that trump himself did someone wrong . 
  russian interference does n't mean trump 's win is invalid . 
  at best , you it could be seen as grounds for a do over election but only if it can be shown that the result was truly perverted . 
  hs2 is already costing some absurd number of billions , truth is that the uk population density peters out rapidly once you pass the northern nw hub . 
  i know we expect government investment to lose money try to look at the picture for the long term benefit of the country , but even taking that view it 's impossible to make a sane argument . 
  no offence , but the idea of extending hs2 to newcastle is absurd given what it 's costing . 
  what you are saying is true if there was some reason to think newcastle was to grow insanely quickly in the future , but there really are n't any grounds to think that . 
  there 's only 1 million people in the whole newcastle conurbation and probably only triple that in the entire place between the scottish border and the point where you approach the ne and nw conurbations . 
  if they were going to invest heavily in the north is would be a smarter move to build some tunnels linking manchester and sheffield knocking hours off travel time between in the two cities . 
  that would at least but a step towards the northern industrial powerhouse the tories are always banging on about . 
  not really . 
  there are tonnes of places i have n't been in the uk . 
  for example the only place in the north i 've spent much time in is manchester . 
  only been to yorkshire once as a child . 
  some places you just do n't go to unless you have a reason . 
  for example , i 've never been to essex , because why the fuck would i go to essex unless i had a reason to go to essex ? 
  there are also places i 've just never had opportunity to go to , for example , brighton and york . 
  i 'd like to go there someday but life has never taken me there . 
  you 're simply mishearing a linking sound that actually comes before the following vowel of the next word , and misinterpreting it as a `` rhotic - r '' a sound that does n't exist in the majority of english english accents . 
  no briton alive would make this sound in a phrase like `` america likes burgers '' that 's not how it works . 
  it only occurs when a word ending in a vowel is immediately follow by a work beginning in a vowel . 
  `` america is hungry '' might sound like `` america ris hungry '' . 
  which you incorrectly interpret as `` americar is hungry '' , despite all word final letter - r 's being silent in all english dialects that do this , and thus the sound obviously not belonging to the word it follows ( at least to native english english speakers ) . 
  the irony is that all english speakers use linking sounds constantly . 
  for example `` how are you '' will sound like `` how war you '' to foreign language speakers , `` go out ! '', 
  will sound like `` go wout '' . 
  `` the end '' sounds like `` thee yend '' , `` lie on '' sounds like `` lie yon '' . 
  unless you are suggesting we all talk like robots leaving little pauses between all our words i hardly think you have right to complain about the english speaking english in a way that is perfectly logical to clear to anyone who is a native english english speaker . 
  this is the worst kind of small minded conservative melodrama . 
  exactly the kind of shit that drip by drip has got the alt right worked up and where it is today . 
  that just stupid unenlightened belief that standards are slipping , that the world is changing into something worse . 
  it might be a fluff piece , but it 's just selling people a narrative they want to hear , things are changing because of foreigners , standards are slipping , the youth are more selfish and irresponsible than they were !, 
  this is what is hurting our culture ( and other cultures around the world ) . 
  this unchallenged passive aggressive indignation that has no basis whatsoever . 
  `` the country is going to the dogs '' has become an implicate assumption rather than a rather absurd notion that needs to be challenged . 
  people are better off , healthier , with more opportunities than ever before . 
  young people today have access to more information and have a deeper understanding of the world than they did in the past . 
  crime rates are down . 
  yet we 've got people who 've managed to convince themselves that we 're living in the fall of the roman empire . 
  really sad to see such bullshit everywhere you go . 
  i suppose . 
  there are lots of places in the us that seem worth visiting , not everything need be old . 
  i just think when you 're relatively near to something you do n't go until it actually becomes necessary . 
  loads of place although personally i 'd like to see new england , ny , boston and dc . 
  in fact i 'd like to drive down the east coast some day and see the colonial history there along the way . 
  of course there 's also places like miami , la , sf . 
  cities like chicago also seem worth a visit . 
  your english is horrible , your views are hugely sexist , and your use of text to speech is borderline comical . 
  what was obvious ? 
  see what i mean , you speak english very strangely . 
  you sound bizarre ... there 's no such thing as `` a discrimination '' , we just say `` it is discrimination '' . 
  no offence but this is lunacy , you clearly have some deep psychological issue with your mother to hold such crazy misogynistic views . 
  sort your life out mate . 
  your views are bonkers , just some more / r/redpill shite for neckbeard nice guys who see themselves as perfect people but are socially incompetent and fall for women who treat them badly and conclude all women must be evil as a consequence rather than face the cognitive dissonance they 'd face if they accepted that they 're not perfect either and that women different in the moral attitude in exactly the same way as men . 
  you just threw in some new age pseudo mystic conspiracy nonsense for a especially bonkers twist . 
  sorry that you 're so socially retarded that the only way you can rationalise women 's behaviour is with some weird conspiratorial bullshit . 
  our country is full of stupid people these days and that 's all that there is to it . 
  i 'm sorry , but most british people are awful . 
  these days we 're so often tasteless , naff , ignorant fucks that love nothing more than buying into utterly shite beliefs about the world and other people . 
  i 've been to all the developed nations in europe , and nowhere else will you find such a density of stupid people completely lacking in self awareness . 
  somewhere between 1990 and 2016 britain lost its way big time . 
  looking back on my home town , a relatively affluent suburb with high employment and virtually no immigrants and look at what the people have done with their lives it 's pathetic , they undoubtedly had huge advantages in life but half them still sit around the same pub all night sniffing coke , getting drunk and complaining about shit that does n't even exist , pining for the good ol' days which we 're actually good , and they were n't even alive for , their whole lives revolving about getting pissed with the lads . 
  a few of them even ended up doing long stretches in prison , which must be hard for people who grew up with two games consoles and their own car for their 17th . 
  ironically the only brexit support i was exposed to in real life and on social media was there . 
  when i compare the people in my hometown to the incredibly nice people i 've met in other countries i 'm just dismayed . 
  our saccharine nation nostalgia has come around and bitten us on the arse . 
  i ca n't relate remotely to this bullshit . 
  i have know idea how these people have convinced themselves that a swing to the right is fighting the elite , it 's madness , and our country is in the grips of it .
