  i was going to say the same about apple, 
  maybe you 're just not hanging out with the right people ... like farmers, 
  [ all i have to say ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emyzofchdoq ), 
  and why would that be so hard to believe , i was particularly referencing the god delusion . 
  chubby douchebag trifecta ... 
  to be fair it 's not , just google it . 
  you 'd only hear this referring to the crop not the food . 
  how you and your mates speak is n't really relevant . 
  the why did you say `` a '' book , and not books ? 
  i 've obviously read a book by dawkins or how would a address those alleged 50 pages ? 
  no have n't read the complete works of dawkins , but whenever i have i 've found the contents moronic . 
  maybe i should 've said in my experience his books are moronic , but i did n't realise i would be so closely examined on the matter . 
  i 'm pretty sure in the context of this debate we 're talking about dawkins the atheist not dawkins the biologist , even though much of what he draws from biology is a load of utter crap . 
  two words for you `` naturalistic fallacy '' . 
  seriously go suck a fat one chap . 
  even much of dawkins books on evolution go way out of that remit into the philosophical , moral , and evolutionary psychology domains . 
  yes i have read some of them , and what he says is mostly a bunch of laughable tosh . 
  no i 've never read him in an academic scenario , then i did n't realise i was under academic review . 
  use all caps , then they 'll know you 're being facetious . 
  furthermore `` naturalistic fallacy '' is n't the type of fallacy of argument people typically accuse others of on this site , but a philosophical error first described by g.e moore , but yeah go ahead and spam all caps , certainly makes you look smart . 
  seriously , you 're telling people to die just to defend an irrelevant footnote of an academic / neckbeard celebrity . 
  take a long hard look at yourself chap . 
  because you 're in a cramped tube with hundreds of people in a city with 8 million people . 
  in this context nobody wants to chat . 
  newcastle ? 
  that place in the north of england near the scottish border that makes brown ale ? 
  that place in the south east of ireland that makes cream ale ? 
  oh yeah those american beers ... 
  to be fair i always get at least one maccers when i 'm abroad , you have to experience the variety of menus around the world . 
  some of us live in countries where it rains or snows all the time , we have to go abroad to do this . 
  try invading them , setting up your own government , making them pledge their allegiance to your monarch and then calling them up for military service when your neighbours get a little rowdy and go all blitzkrieg on you . 
  bloody amateurs . 
   travelling, 
  are you sure you believe in freedom ... 
  lions !, 
  the hear the water in scotland and the swiss alps is deadly, 
  i learnt that from taken , france is really dangerous . 
  to answer , i like to live dangerously ... 
  what if i put my gun to your urethra ? 
  grow a set son, 
  they were true child cannibalising badasses ... 
  what hast thou just spake of me , ye dog ? 
  know this , knave , i am the best sword in all the fleets of sir francis drake , and i hath partaken in numerous raids ` pon the ports of spain and hath carried off over three hundred doubloons !, 
  i am trained in musket warfare and be the best shot in the militias of his majesty !, 
  thou art nothing to me but another target . 
  i shalt strike thee down with all the furies of the heavens above and hells below , of a kind not yet seen upon this earth . 
  thou thinkst that ye can me slander , and abet ye naught of consequence ? 
  thou art mistaken . 
  for as we speak , i am contacting my spies and friends cross ' t the breadth of old england to locate thee , so thou best prepare for mine storm , ye cowardly poltroon . 
  a divine storm that shalt wipe out thy pathetic existence . 
  thou art but food for mine dogs , for i canst be anwhere at any time , and i canst kill thee in over seven hundred ways with naught but mine sword and buckler . 
  nay , not only am i extensively trained in the arts of unarmed combat , but i hath access to the entire arsenals of his majesty 's militias as well . 
  i shalt use it to its full extent to wipe thy miserable body off the face of our lord 's earth , ye dog . 
  alas , if only had thou knownst what unholy retribution thy libels were to bring down upon thee , mayhaps wouldst thou kept silent . 
  but thou hast not , and now shalt thou the price pay , ye godforsaken dogsbody . 
  i shalt excrete fury down from the heavens ` pon thee , and thou shalt drown in it . 
  confess , and prepare to meet thy maker , sirrah . 
  this just does n't work . 
  it 's too obvious . 
  i 'm not saying there is never a time for it , but in my experience people are far more interested in you when they think their is something to be gained from your in a social sense . 
  for example if you appear more popular , interesting and social capable than they are . 
  if you behave in a way too readily stroking their ego , you appear to be the one on the lower rung . 
  sure they might enjoy a mild boost by blathering on at you and the ego reward from doing so , but they wo n't pursue your friendship . 
  secretly people are generally insecure , not insane egomaniacs who just want to bang their own drum all the time . 
  they get a much greater kick in having someone their think is cool treating them as approaching their level ( although not quite on it ) , than they do having getting a chance to tell someone how great they are . 
  i was shockingly charged # 3.20 for a pint of ale in spoons lately ... south warks, 
  i know dat feel, 
  are you my ex because you sound like her . 
  although her red hair was dyed . 
  seriously your personality is something you do not something you are . 
  sounds like an esteem issue . 
  i would n't recommend divorcing sex from all feelings either , it 's not necessarily healthy imo . 
  liking sex is fine and nobody is exclusively about romantic attraction these days , but it helps if you at least like each other and there is some degree of trust . 
  to be fair most people have n't even made millions by the time they are 45 , never mind in their 20s . 
  people who make millions when they 're still quite young are either exceptionally talented , extremely lucky or highly privileged . 
  but what caused it ? 
  other than simply chow mein ? 
  well your barely knowing german is quite evident since i said `` pleases '' not `` scares '' xd, 
  this, 
  are either of your parents british ? 
  if you were just born on holiday i think you 're out of luck . 
  you 'll probably want to look [ here ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/british_nationality_law#british_citizenship_by_birth_in_the_united_kingdom ) and figure out if you 're eligible . 
  yes there are massive benefits to having dual uk / us citizenship , given that the uk is currently a member of the eu and commonwealth , and the us citizenship is ironically one of the hardest to acquire for europeans and it 's very difficult for us citizens to become eu citizens too . 
  not that many , i think you would be eligible for some additional working visas in some places like australia . 
  can confirm , it 's mom in various pockets of brum . 
  do n't know why you 're getting downvoted . 
  the west midlands retains some very old fashioned ( see : middle english ) speech patterns and word usages , mom being one of them . 
  you 're not even a midlander , you 're just a want to be east anglian, 
  well it says in the wiki page i linked `` if the child lives in the uk until age 10 there is a lifetime entitlement to register as a british citizen . 
  the immigration status of the child and his/her parents is irrelevant . '', 
  so you might be in luck . 
  the important word being additional , or at least different, 
  why do some people drink virtually everyday and never get hooked , and others because alcoholics very quickly ? 
  dependency differs from person to person and drug to drug . 
  suppose that beats my latin teacher ... this afternoon gentlemen we are going to discuss the brunette i met last night in a fancy oxford cocktail bar and the relative merits of salmon coloured chinos . 
  that 's how you discern the message , but looking at the things that happen ... 
  i agree , people here are mostly talking original soundtracks , but bioshock : infinite definitely used music in a way that pushed it to new levels . 
  the king of watercress, 
  why would anyone buy new books ? 
  i am the only one who got through the whole of university without spending that much on books no problem .
