  katt william went from a guy who made jokes to a standing joke so fast . 
  remember when he featured in gta v alongside ricky gervais ? 
  now everyone is waiting to see him homeless on the street trying to sign autographs for spare change . 
  do n't do crack kids . 
  they speak english just fine as far as i 'm concerned , could understand about 95 % of it when paying attention . 
  oh yeah , force of habit , thanks . 
  this is the effect of hip-hop culture . 
  look at anyone who emulates hip-hop culture in the world and they 'll be the same . 
  the kids are speaking a dialect of english called mle , short for multicultural london english . 
  it 's a mixture of cockney ( from the working class london areas ) , west indian and pakistani ( from large inner city immigrant populations ) , and american ( from popular american culture , particularly black urban culture ) . 
  these kids are n't even from london , but mle is a popular way of speaking amongst the younger denizens of urban areas all around the south of england . 
  especially in areas with a high degree of ethnic diversity . 
  are they trying to emulate american culture ? 
  not directly , no . 
  they 're probably more likely trying imitate their idols on the uk urban music scene , but that has been influenced by us hip-hop sufficiently for their to be some obvious similarities . 
  there 's phrases like `` fed '' that you will recognise , but also a lot like peng , mandem , sket , and roadman , which you probaby wo n't . 
  i 'd love the guys in west baltimore to get dropped off in liberia . 
  they do n't sound intimidating to people outside the us , the accents you find intimidating are the product of your environment and nothing to do with how it sounds . 
  christ 's sake , have a bit of self awareness , it does n't sound intimidating to you because you never grew up around people speaking that way . 
  if you went into a london estate and started speaking like a la gangsta people would probably just think you sounded funny too . 
  the drugs industry in the uk is worth over a billion , do you think there are no scary people here or something ? 
  do you think the kilos of coke are sold by guys with bowler hats and pin stripe suits ? 
  most of those clowns in the us would n't last 5 minutes in nigerian slums . 
  come to the uk and get stabbed , that might teach you to expand your mind to the possibility that a british accent does n't make you not `` serious '' . 
  no offence but that is complete nonsense . 
  harsh consonants - the consonants that sound harsh to you will depend on which you are accustomed to . 
  guttural vowels - is this makes little sense , `` gutteral vowels '' are very rare . 
  guttural simply means produced in the throat , it 's typically a consonant thing . 
  a vowel produced in the throat would sound very weird to most speakers of european languages . 
  even then , it 's nonsense , g and k and gutteral consonant but we do n't call a language harsh for having them . 
  a frenchman might think - g is very harsh though . 
  english speakers call german harsh for having guttural - r ( sometimes ) and the german - ch sound . 
  but people who speak languages with these sounds do n't feel the same way . 
  as above , it 's the sounds you 're used to . 
  stressing the end-sentence inflection - again , rubbish , in some languages this how you form a question , in some languages this would simply make you sound dumb or to be speaking unnaturally . 
  entirely contextual . 
  a flowing and repetitive cadence - cadence is the pitch of the sounds you form . 
  what it would mean for this to be flowing i have no idea , i 'm pretty sure you do n't mean a series of sounds that starts low and goes higher , or starts high and goes lower in succession . 
  there 's nothing inherently intimidating about a repetitive cadence either . 
   there 's some accents that are highly contextual . 
  northern german and japanese ( i am too ignorant to know differences between various japanese accents ) sound fairly goofy when spoken normally , but downright scary when yelled forcefully . 
  here you 're just repeating the general social consensus amongst english speakers, 
   but some accents are just `` soft , '' for lack of a better word . 
  no , they sound soft to you because of the phonetic qualities you 've ascribed the value `` soft '' to , the product of growing up in the environment you did . 
   a strong nordic, 
  this i found quite funny since most nordic language share plenty of the qualities that people typically describe as harsh in german . 
  stop interpreting you sub-conscious associations with certain phonetic features with objective truth . 
  there is nothing in the sounds we make with our mouths that makes them harder or softer , there is only the value you 've given them without even realising you 've done it . 
  i am taking it easy , i 'm just pointing out that just because you do n't find it intimidating , does n't mean others wo n't . 
  it 's just you who finds it funny because you 're unaccustomed to it . 
  peng = attractive , mandem = men , but has a different meaning contextually e.g cotching wid the mandem ( chilling with my friends ) , batty mandem ( gay people ) , sket = a girl of ill repute , slut , roadman = common gangsta who is always on the road ( streets ) . 
  i 'd be interested to hear more about the kind of challenges the programming of self driving cars will face . 
  sure , here you 've created the software for a computer to handle following a line , but what kind of challenges will would a irregularly shaped curve pose . 
  also what about the other aspects of self driving cars . 
  how will they know how fast to go ? 
  will all parts of each road be assigned a speed that self driving cars will follow ? 
  how do they react to weather conditions ? 
  how to do they deal with hazard like a road accident up ahead ? 
  also the social impact of self driving cars is interesting too . 
  for example , maybe owning a self driving car will become pointless , maybe you 'll just sign up with a company that owns thousands of such cars in your area and pay a flat rate for up x miles per month travel within your local area . 
  what if your 13 year old wants a lift to a friends or to school ? 
  there 's no point in going with them if the car is self driving . 
  if you own a self driving car it can only be making one journey at a time , but if you belong to a network you could be being taken to work while your children are taken to school . 
  would you be able to program a self driving car to do specific task like drop off children and ensure they were dropped in a safe zone rather than at the end of the street ? 
  owning a car is inefficient , since a lot of the time that car is n't even in use and just slowly ageing on your drive . 
  this could push down the cost of travel by ensuring maximum efficiency by essentially pooling the ownership of cars collectively . 
  a community of 100 people probably only needs 40 cars , since that 's the most that will be simultaneously making a journey . 
  even the idea of long distance travel is fascinating . 
  if i want to travel from berlin to paris by self driven car ? 
  does the car adjust to different traffic laws when it crosses the border ? 
  imaging a network of cars adjust to higher or lower demand ? 
  if company a is short of cars and company b has lower demand will company b automatically contract cars to company a with a prearranged agreement a bit like how telecoms might borrow infrastructure from each other to meet demand ? 
  it 's really fascinating . 
  i know a guy who got killed in birmingham simply for getting involved in the wrong fight . 
  stabbed in the liver by two white chavs over a completely unrelated incident . 
  interesting dialect , can definitely hear the scottish and irish influence . 
  stick a proximity mine the back of that thing and you 've got one hell of a scary weapon . 
  the lambo was in the right amazingly . 
  it does n't look like it was speeding to me , and assuming no evidence to the contrary then it 'll automatically default to the other guys insurance . 
  in my opinion the lambo was not driving well by failing to see the hazard in time , but that 's not actually what 's a stake her since right of way trumps any qualms about stopping times . 
  he probably would 've been able to stop if he 's been paying attention and more cautious but that does n't matter from the insurance perspective . 
  it 's when you stop air in your throat . 
  for example , a cockney wo n't say bitter they 'll say bi'uh , with a stop on sound and air caused by the throat . 
  in many germanic languages this happens before - a as in the german apfel . 
  lol thanks for reminding me that existed . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i wish that were the case . 
  sure , i 've met some drug dealers who were n't bad people , stellar service however is a rarity . 
  like the english brave meaning heroic , and the german brav meaning well behaved , they are false friends for people learning the language , however false friends often have the same etymological roots and have simply gone in different directions . 
  to be fair 90s is in again . 
  i 'm waiting for him to find some alien alloy and blast off into space . 
  did bows in the middle ages take months if not years to make because of the treatment and ageing of the wood that need to be done in order to make them strong but supple enough to be really powerful ? 
  amsr videos actually make me feel really uncomfortable , that scratch mic whisper sound is like nails down a chalkboard . 
  do not understand how this is a thing . 
  wow you hit the jackpot there , this is truly / r/shitamericanssay, 
  to be honest i do n't really understand why showing tits is considered bad in any sense . 
  men walk around topless all the time , what difference does it make if it 's a woman . 
  i read somewhere a post from an egyptian saying that this often happens to tourists but what the tourists do n't realise is that it 's kind of a compliment / joke . 
  saying `` i will give you 50 camels for your wife / daughter '' does n't really mean that 's their intention , it 's just a way to compliment you on your attractive spouse/daughter . 
  also they sometimes jokingly do it as an insult , if they say your wife is worth 3 camels they 're actually saying `` haha what an ugly wife you have '' because 3 camels is n't very much at the going wife rate .
