  the motto is `` tell me the facts and i will tell you the law '' . 
  he examines the witnesses himself , he decides if there is sufficient evidence to convict , in many ways in this system the lawyers are in the advisory role , simply helping their client with their interactions with the judge and sometimes speaking on behalf of the client in complicated legal matters . 
  this is why under common law it 's harder to convict if no injured party is willing to come forward , it makes the prosecutions job very difficult , in the civil law system not so much ( although of course it still helps to having willing witnesses/victims ) . 
  of course i realise that if someone is stabbed in the us but does n't want to prosecute it 's not up to them and the da will take on the case regardless of how they feel about it , it 's simply the difficulty that arises from this that makes the systems different . 
  to put it simply , in the common law system , if the police arrest someone without a forthcoming victim/witness ( es ) , and the prosecution service decides to prosecute , when the prosecution is unable to provide the victim/witness ( es ) the case is likely to be torn to shred by the defendants lawyer and the case will be dismissed . 
  in the civil system , if the victim/witness ( es ) do n't show up for court they will be fined and even arrested until they do , if they lie they put themselves in the wrong , the defendants lawyer will not be able to tear the case to shreds on the mere unavailability of evidence and the case wo n't be thrown out until the judge is satisfied that there 's nothing they can do to find out the facts of the case . 
  in one instance it 's seen as if a prosecutor is trying to charge someone without good evidence , in the other case there 's just a judge ( s ) getting annoyed that they have n't found out the facts yet . 
  the audacity of them !, 
  bath , cambridge , hull , lancaster , newport , nottingham , ~ ~ plymouth ~ ~ , salford , southampton , stoke-on-trent and wolverhampton are the ones i think . 
  still the american definition of city is like more than 10,000 people which is still lowering the bar immensely . 
  the curyows manner of curteslye speking neckbards , i lawghe on thee, 
  it 's weird , in the uk it 's only used 1 ) if you 're a child and they are your teacher and you attend a fancy school 2 ) if you 're in the army and addressing a superior 3 ) you work in a fancy shop/restaurant and are addressing a customer 4 ) you 're addressing a knight . 
  you would n't even say it to the police , it 's just cringey , `` yes officier '' would be more appropriate . 
  i cringe when people like tramps call me `` sir '' when they 're trying to get something from me like a cigarette or change , it 's just not done . 
  it 's just such a strong signifier of subservience that it 's just not used very often . 
  most schoolkids just call their teachers mr. or miss whatever . 
  does make me laugh that in a country founded on egalitarian principles like the us retains its usage in more casual settings . 
  i 've visited the southern us before and it was just odd hearing all these sirs and ma'am ( pronounced like ham , which is a mode of address that 's meant only to be used with the queen , seriously the rule is ma'am as in palm except for her highness ) , i could n't understand why these kids were calling their friend 's fathers sir and stuff . 
  huh ? 
  i think you missed a word . 
  lol how am i targeting the us ? 
  he said `` not a city but the town ... '' my point was that if an american posted this then a town is fine because most uk towns would be considered cities in the us . 
  literally there are cities in the us with only like 10k people , that 's why i said `` everywhere is a fucking city '' . 
  your response does n't make sense on two levels , firstly it would n't make sense to tell someone this fact if they were from the us , they 'd already know how the system works over there , and secondly i 'm not `` targeting '' anyone . 
  what i said was `` americans have a looser understanding of what constitutes a city '' , what you interpreted it as was `` omfg those fucking americans with their fucking incorrect definition of cities , omg how can they do such a thing , the definition of city is soooo important to me omg '' . 
  if i actually said that , then i would be targeting americans , but in fact i was n't targeting anyone , i was pointing out to my compatriot here that he need n't worry that gravesend is n't a city in the uk , because in some other countries , for example , the us , it would be considered one . 
  americans claim brits are insecure , when often it 's you guys being insecure reading criticism into things where there is none . 
  more like `` 200 years later and americans are still a bit insecure around brits and think we 're out to get them when in reality they 're just imagining criticism where there is none . '', 
  this abbey is a cathedral . 
  i see a problem here :p, 
  who 's we ? 
  i did n't say bowls were useless . 
  i just do n't think rollerbladers get as much out of them as skateboarders and bmxers . 
  i mostly skate park myself , but i 've always found rollerblading more suited to just straight ramps facing each other than bowls , especially really irregular bowls with crazy transitions and shit . 
  the town i used to live in had the more bowly park ever , even with a full pipe bowl ( no kidding ) and it was all crazy transitions but personally i did n't like it that much , it felt too irregular to practise new tricks in . 
  also if you stacked it you 'd spend the next 30 seconds building up speed to get out of the fucker desperately trying to ignore the pain because otherwise the next guy would get annoyed . 
  the bmxers and skateboarders loved it though because they could carve it up . 
  i 've never seen the appeal of carving on blades , it feels like a much more natural motion for a bike or a board . 
  yeh if the police did n't do that it would be fucked up , but it 's not fucked up because law and order are observed . 
  i spoke about civil law not civil court . 
  i think 20 years from now augmented reality is going to massively change the way we live . 
  imagine being wanted to put together some ikea furniture , you glasses will simply find all the parts you need and provide you step by set constructions of how to build it , visual diagrams before your eyes . 
  all manual work will simply be following instructions from your glasses as the technology to analyse complicated real life situations in real time improves . 
  imagine typing without a keyboard , just the visual representation of one floating before your eyes . 
  it would take some getting used to , not having the tactile feed back from hitting the keys but 20 years ago barely anyone could type at more than 10 wpm at all , so people will learn . 
  i remember when being able to touch type was a special skill that would impress everyone , now if you ca n't do it then you 're the odd one out , especially if you 're under the age of 60 . 
  hell the speed as which people are typing on their phones purely on touch screens is absolutely amazing even if we 're not quite as accurate as with a real keyboard . 
  honestly my typing is more limited by how fast i can think than by my fingers , and people are only going to become more accustomed to technology . 
  just a mistake , should read victim, 
  2000m3 does sound a lot more impressive than roughly 12.5 m by 12.5 m by 12.5 m , that 's roughly 41 ft for those who still think it 's the 1700s . 
  does that work though ? 
  to me , it seems like tonnes of american names would n't fly in the uk . 
  here 's some first names of justices i 've found , sonia , thurgood , potter , sherman , wiley , harlon , mahlon , rufus , lucius , ward , bushrod . 
  a lot of american first names just sound like surnames to me . 
  the really traditional rule is that you have to be named after either a saint or a royal , or the name has to appear in the bible , but that 's kinda discriminatory in a multicultural society . 
  prime minister bonar happened ... why not eh !, 
  most of them making super strength ipas that taste of hops , hops and more hops . 
  it 's so stupid how americans trot out this shit about having the best beer in the world when they did n't even have any good beer whatsoever until about 15 years ago . 
  moreover beer snobbery seems to be a big thing in the us now with everyone judging each other over how elite their preferences are . 
  i see what the sodosopa thing in south park was getting at . 
  country 's going crazy for all this artisan shit . 
  funny thing is it 's all so fake because most of these fine cheese producers , and breweries are just shameless attempts to cash in on aspiration attitudes and have only existed for 10 years tops . 
  in europe there is literally beer that 's been made virtually the same way by monks for the past 700 years . 
  there 's absolutely nothing wrong with having better stuff . 
  i just think being snobby about it , and using it purely as a status thing is wrong . 
  buy good cheese because you like it , not because it let 's you feel smugly superior . 
  if someone wants to eat ordinary stuff , do n't judge them for it either . 
  bully-proof windows ... 
  i 'm annoyed with this customer !, 
  i know what i 'll do , something that would almost certainly lose me my job and may even put me in prison . 
  ergh , you know those people who read those books like `` how to be successful in five easy steps '' ? 
  yeah well none of them are successful . 
  success ca n't be learnt from a book , style ca n't be gleaned from a magazine , having a mac wo n't make you smarter or further your career . 
  it is n't really a positive intention , it 's a smug gloat , a contrived attempt to make him appear like a go getter . 
  look at me , i eat healthy , have an expensive watch and laptop , read self help books and style magazines . 
  the irony is that by broadcasting these obvious attempt to come across a certain way is actually telling anyone with a brain that this person really is n't those things he wants to appear as . 
  if he really was like that he would n't need to shamelessly broadcast it over social media in a pathetic attempt to make it look accidental . 
  omg i accidentally symbolised my aspiration values in one geometrically perfect laid out table . 
  ultimately he motivations are purely based around boosting his own self image . 
  like the proverbial fat girl munching salad for instagram while secretly scoffing down cake behind closed doors , i 'm sure this guy is just as much of a fast food loving , occasionally over indulging , passive entertainment consuming slob as anyone else . 
  his guy is no different from the hipster `` writers '' who go to starbucks so everyone can see that they write . 
  our hatred his not because he wants to better himself , but way he thinks he can better himself . 
  if becoming a successful person were as easy as this then everyone would be successful . 
  we also hate him because of his compulsive need to broadcast an image of himself in this way , his desire to appear successful and accomplished rather than just being successful and accomplished . 
  all in all i think there 's a high probability that his guy is a cunt , the kind of intolerable shithead that takes himself way too seriously and is desperate for the world to take him that way too . 
  i think it can go either way . 
  if you 're saving yourself for the special someone and think sex should be an emotional experience do n't do it . 
  if you 've simply got a hang up about being so old and not having any experience then go for it , it will get you over the hump . 
  some guys walk away from paying for sex feeling good about it , some feel depressed , you need to figure out which kind you are . 
  my first thought was definitely a brit . 
  ( i 'm british so that 's ok ) . 
  he look like your typical overweight babyfaced lad who everyone thinks is a great laugh but nobody wants him as their wing man and girls do n't even look at as anything other than a shoulder to cry on . 
  he probably is very good at call of duty , smokes a fair bit of weed and drinks carling out of choice . 
  not really , i mean maybe slightly who has n't felt like that but i 'm pretty average . 
  i 've never paid for sex . 
  lost my virginity pretty normally and have had mediocre success ever since . 
  i 've know some guys like this definitely , every friend circle has that guy who 's a good guy but is unfortunately pretty fat and young looking , great to have a drink with but hopeless in a mixed gender environment . 
  it 's virtually a clich\u00e9 on british tv now if you 've ever seen gavin and stacey or this is england . 
  i 'm 99.99 % sure that he is from the east midlands , and probably around leicester , and that he was born into an asian family . 
  his accent is basically pure east midlands but he has traces of influence from indian/pakistani english .
