  the remain side foolishly thought the reality would speak for itself , with all the world 's economists predicting a british decline if brexit happened and 40 years of work and investment at stake , they thought the blinding reality of brexit 's foolishness would be apparent , not realising quite how `` post-fact '' british politics has become . 
  the thing that ordinary people are n't seeing is that in the minds of virtually anyone with a stake in the british economy and society the terrible consequences of brexit have been so blindingly obvious since well before the referendum was announced that nobody actually thought we 'd ever find ourselves in such a terrible state of affairs . 
  it flies in the face of reason , but sadly brexiteers are n't rational . 
  whatever mate . 
  the point is that almost nobody of significant merit in the whole world has suggested that brexit would be a good idea . 
  you might live in that conspiracy theory world where voting against the british establishment ( alongside the establishments of almost every other nation ) is somehow going to magically work out better for britain , but i do n't . 
  my point was more that neither brexiteers nor remainers are capable of evaluating geopolitical economic options , they 're just following `` their team '' . 
  the brexiteers are irrational however because they 're not listening to those people society deems apt to make such evaluations , and instead are throwing their lot in with a bunch of jokers like farage , johnson , and gove , trying to push the conservative government to enact policy that they were almost all against , which imo is a recipe for disaster . 
  some things to consider :, 
  - before the eu , british common law traditionally focussed on the bargaining between employer and employee when it came to things like holiday . 
  it was the eu start brought guaranteed holiday time to the uk , that 's why it 's considered to generally be an eu thing , even if it 's not an eu thing exclusively . 
  if we leave there will definitely be impetus to go back to the traditional `` british way of doing it '' . 
  - the uk will be financially worse off if it exists outside the single market by a significant amount , liberalising labour laws would almost certainly be a very cheap quick way to counter this to some degree , so even if public opinion is against it , there 's strong motivating factors for the government to cut back anyway . 
  so sure , working time laws do not need the eu to exist , but the eu was the reason why they exist in the uk . 
  take away the eu and the only thing stopping the tories cutting them is public opinion , which is fickle at the best of times . 
  yeah , deep down that another huge emotive factor pushing the brexiteers ahead , the notion of the `` frogs '' and the `` krauts '' being our enemies and the embodiment of the antithesis of britishness and `` british values '' is something that many in our country still adhere to . 
  that 's so very reasonable and intelligent of you ... 
  in my experience a lot of the people who vaguely supported remain in my generation did n't vote . 
  so many conversations back in the uk with people like , `` i ca n't believe we 're leaving the eu '' , `` yeah , me too it 's mental '' ... `` did you vote ? '', 
  that 's in stark contrast with abroad where i reckon 90 % of uk eu migrants voted for remain , a small percentage did n't vote , and a tiny minority voted out . 
  still . 
  the tories have a massive majority now , if they still do in the future they could easily introduce a new stripped down working time act , and even if it was unpopular they 'd be safe . 
  punks with guy fieri style hair with the gelled tips , nu-metal , emo , the tony hawk 's series , streets full of 15 year old skateboarding on world industries and birdhouse decks , split screen console gaming , msn messenger , myspace , jokes referencing the film american pie , saying milf a lot , ( in the uk ) chavs with burberry caps and pulled up socks , dial up internet , having to go because your mum needs to use the phone , terrible urban garage music ( again uk ) , sms , `` txt spk '' , nokias , snake ( the phone game ) , economic optimism . 
  well that 's the thing , back before the eu regulation the trade were unions were there precisely to help balance the bargaining relationship between employer and employee . 
  within a framework that relied on contract law this made sense . 
  when the eu came it it made the unions ' job less important as more things were taken for granted . 
  if we went back to this framework without any unions it would be a free for all . 
  ultimately all that 's stopping the tories if we are entirely outside the eu is public opinion , because it only makes sense for them not to cut them if the backlash will lose them too many votes . 
  with a strong tory lead they 're perfectly positioned to simply strip back those rights and say `` what you going to do ? 
  vote labour ? 
  '' , in relative certainty of being able to win any upcoming election . 
  because they do n't know any better . 
  except i 've lived all over the eu . 
  still have n't encountered the sheer pigheaded ignorance of the native british population . 
  perhaps in serbia . 
  nope , you 're the one wearing the rose tinted glasses in the uk , or the shit tinted ones outside of it . 
  maybe it 's because you 're so sheltered . 
  so often are british people ignorant , smug about nothing , and parochial , that one can only conclude we have one the worst cultures in europe , and the brexiteer brigade have rode this collective cultural delusion all the way to pushing a political agenda that they did n't even want in the first place . 
  fine for those who have lived in their new country for long enough to qualify . 
  those of us who have n't are just sitting around twiddling our thumbs waiting to see if we 're going to get sent back to a shit damp island we do n't want to be on . 
  the eu parliament ( and other authorities ) and freedom of movement are necessary for free trade to function . 
  without the eu parliament and other authorities you do n't have regulatory equivalency and therefore you have a race to the bottom . 
  without freedom of movement companies in certain countries are impossibly disadvantaged due to not having access to the same talent pool as their competitors within other parts of the free trade area . 
  these two things are absolutely integral to the free trade area from an economic perspective . 
  without them it makes no sense for these nations to enter a free trade agreement with us . 
  any free trade agreement without these component would look massively different and be vastly more limited like ceta or the like . 
  the brexiteers knew a fucking thing about economics then they 'd realise this . 
   the single market needs freedom of movement of labour , not of people . 
  i think we might even get away with `` freedom of movement of skilled labour '' too but that is for negotiation . 
  freedom of labour yes , but you 're living in a dreamworld if you think `` freedom of skilled labour '' is going to fly . 
  it 's not just about access to skills moving from austria to britain for example , it 's also about access to labour markets that lie across borders , for example , unskilled labour lying across a border , slovenia to austria for example . 
  the swiss agreement functions on a freedom of labour model but does n't discriminate on the basis of skills , despite how much many swiss populists would like that . 
   i do n't take your point about needing a single parliament to oversee free trade disputes ? 
  how is this different from disputes between countries without free trade agreements ? 
  how is it remotely the same ? 
  if two countries are n't in a trade agreement they are free to set their tariffs and laws to enable or disable trade . 
  think the way russia grows tomatoes is dangerous ? 
  set laws making the sale of tomatoes grown in that fashion illegal . 
  us corn farmers low prices putting your own internal market at risk ? 
  up tariffs to redress the noncompetitive price of british products . 
  the only rule that generally governs this is reciprocity , reduce our corn sales and we 'll reduce your biscuit sales , or whatever . 
  tit for tat . 
  once you 're in a free trade agreement with someone you ca n't do these things without breaking and essentially ending the agreement , you have to play but the rules . 
  however , all that happens is that countries start fucking with their own internal laws and regulations to get an edge on their partners , you get a race to the bottom , without some higher authority local regulators start setting regulations on the basis of not what 's best for the country or the people , but what is the bare minimum the trading partner will accept . 
  that 's why it makes sense to pool sovereignty in a regulatory body who can decide is in the best interest of both parties . 
  this increases confidence in the union and makes people more amenable to joining , and they know their interests will be represented . 
  without this kind of pooled sovereignty you can never have free trade of the scale that we 've had in the eu , because nobody is ever going to agree to it , and nobody will ever be happy with it . 
  deals like ceta are much more regulated and less `` free '' , and come with a list of exceptions and exemptions as long as your arm . 
  with the eu we 'd built ourselves the greatest free trade union in history , we 'd convinced nations like poland and spain to give us access to their markets in a way that was massively benefiting britain and the british economy . 
  now we 're throwing our teddies out the pram and removing ourselves from a highly advantageous position in a union that had taken 40 years to build , and throwing ourselves in a weaker more impoverished global position for no reason whatsoever ( except fewer poles and muh sovereignty ) , which is just brilliant . 
  what 's crazy is that brexit is something that both the capitalist and the moralist in me can agree is going to be simply awful . 
  any sound right leaning pro-economy person should realise the value to the eu , or at very least unconstrained single market access , and anyone who does n't care about economy but cares about society and social justice should see how the resultant reduced living standards and deregulatory forces are going to harm society . 
  if you have 5 years in a country , are economically solvent , not on benefits , make you ni contributions , pay tax etc. 
  you should be able to get permanent residency after 5 years , and with that you can live anywhere in the eu for the rest of your life provided to meet a few conditions . 
  i will be hitting 5 years in 2019 , probably just after brexit takes effect ( assuming 2 years from march 2017 ) , which is just balls . 
  the only condition is that you 've lived in that country legally for 5 years . 
  being a student is fine , even being out of work is fine , the conditions of legal residence as an eu citizen are that you have valid health insurance and a few other minor things . 
  i think you 'll be fine as long as you stay within the system once your degree comes to an end . 
  even working a supermarket you 'd be fine . 
  do you mean it 's necessary to change the licence before art 50 is invoked ? 
  or before britain exits the eu ? 
  glad to know you 've got the family visa option . 
  sadly , for many of us who just moved over in the last few years and are unmarried , it looks like we 're going to be getting the worst of it . 
  i 'm not referring to citizenship , never was . 
  my point was about permanent residency . 
  an eu permanent residency permit allow you to live anywhere in the eu , and can be renewed every 10 years until you die . 
  it 's not as good as citizenship but it 's better than facing the rest of your life on work visas with often demanding requirements . 
  the rules for permanent residents differs from country to country , but it no doubt provides a degree of security in your future . 
  probably not a concern . 
  i heard that you have to out of an eu country for something like 180 days for it to count as you being `` out '' . 
  do n't quote me on that though . 
  also i doubt the onus will be on you to prove that you were n't out of the country during that period of unemployment . 
  were you making health insurance contributions during that time ? 
  if so then you have evidence of your being in denmark . 
  i do n't think they 'll be assuming your were there unless proven otherwise . 
  then again , different countries will interpret the rules differently , however , i think with the small number of british immigrant in denmark they have no incentive to be too harsh . 
  well i 'm exactly the same virtually ( late 2014 ) but without the german wife . 
  i think your wife will be enough to ensure you have a right to reside to be honest . 
  i 'm hoping germany will be more relaxed about the whole thing , since they have quite a liberal immigration policy . 
  i think you 're crazy optimistic , especially if you think that the uk government is going to get proper single market access under those terms .
