  most americans can agree that toilet stall gaps are unnecessary just as most brits can agree that mixer taps are preferable . 
  you 're obviously so blinded by nationalism that you ca n't see that no gap is preferable to a gap in you 're toilet door , what a fuckwit you must be . 
  oh the irony . 
  go through the thread , count how many americans are saying that the toilet gap thing is a myth or not an issue . 
  fuck you 've just defended it yourself fuckwit . 
   and , as has been explained , the gap you are talking about is about 5mm , and can only be used to look through if you scrunch up against it . 
  this is evidently not the case given all the photos of massive gaps posted on reddit , not to mention all the people saying they 've been spyed on by children or weirdos , 5mm or not . 
  i know you guys ca n't help it . 
  one things i 've learned is that some americans are fantastic at projection whilst simultaneously doing exactly the same thing they 're claiming others will do . 
  yes some british idiots might be unwilling to acknowledge the superiority of the mixer , but furthermore there are plenty of cunts ( including yourself ) who wo n't acknowledge that having a gap in your toilet door is a pretty shitty thing to have . 
  maybe if you had an ounce of self-awareness you 'd see you 're doing exactly the thing that you 're projecting onto britons , i 'm afraid you 're the one who ca n't take criticism it seems . 
  you ca n't wash your hands in water hot enough to kill bacteria without scalding yourself . 
  it 's completely ineffective until about 80 c . the health codes are most likely there for the removal of dirt and nothing to do with bacteria , as i 've already explained . 
  fuck some guy even posted a study that proved this earlier in the thread . 
  i 'm not defending cold water washing , it 's less luxurious that 's for certain , but it 's not really a hygiene issue . 
  from america or elsewhere ? 
  what 's with the gaps ? 
  are you mel gibson ? 
  that sounds like they 're screwing everyone , is it really that hard to make a zero line of sight door ? 
  seems that everyone in europe can afford them . 
  pretty sure those doors you 've posted do have indicators . 
  it 's that little dot in the middle of the black circle on the one door where it 's visible , then again the photo is n't very clear . 
  yeah it 's crazy , obviously it 's a market thing , they probably make a fortune from more upmarket places being willing to pay over odds for the more private version . 
  [ this is the type of cubicle i 'm used to in north west europe ] ( http://www.commercialwashroomsltd.co.uk/images/uploads/products/modular_cubicles.jpg ) . 
  lots of privacy , no gap , door goes down almost to the floor and a indicator so you know when it 's occupado . 
  i do n't get why americans are so ok with this . 
  you 're pooping privacy should not depend on a social contract implying not to spy on each other . 
  sure it 's not a massive deal , but there 's no reason to defend such practices in the 21st century . 
  do n't go to india ... ( seriously though do n't be put off india on these grounds , just book a nice `` western standard '' hotel and do you 've shitting there . ), 
  it 's strange , those look nice but the design seems significantly different to the european ones , the hinge seems to on the outside to start . 
  most the ones i 've seen here seem to have to have doors that are actually wider than the gap , the hinge is on the toilet side and the door swings inwards . 
  was but a joke ... 
  i 'm not an enema kind of guy . 
  well , you certainly know your stuff . 
  no idea what the regulations are in europe . 
  one thing i 've noticed is common in germany is that there is often a door separating the sinks from the urinals and cubicles , no idea why ... 
  tis autumn and the knights of summer are falling like leaves ... 
  well it 's a bit like the british separate taps , the mixer taps are more often installed , almost 100 % of the time in commercial and public buildings , as well as by landlords who are doing the place up , but there will always be an old guard to stick to what they know , and some places that have had the same bathroom installation for 30 years . 
  to be fair if you 're giving you 're enemas they should n't be reaching your colon , if someone has to do they should only be using no more than a pint of water . 
  leave that type of deep cleanse to the professionals , although it 's no advisable to have anything at all . 
  yeah this is what 's so crazy . 
  taxes in those days , especially colonial taxes , meant like 1 % of your profits on imports and exports which may or may not be enforced depending if the crown 's coffers were running low . 
  the way some americans have it you 'd think the british were stealing their children and repossessing their farmsteads . 
  it did n't take long after the revolution for them to be paying more tax than they were under the british . 
  also the speech in question i 'm pretty sure was made when churchill was working hard to secure an american entry in ww2 , and he was also half american on his mother 's side so he probably did have a penchant for them . 
  well you even fucked that up , no wonder people call you a fuck up ... 
  in every plumbing outlet and builder 's merchants in the uk there are mixer taps on offer so i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  depending on your set up it might require the overhaul of some plumbing but that 's it . 
  are you taking a joke personally because you 're ~ ~ insecure ~ ~ antisemitic ? 
  it really was n't . 
  it was basically a power grab over control of trade . 
  at that point in time america was colony , and even after the revolution is remained a colony in all but name in the sense it was entirely dependent on trade with europe . 
  the `` patriots '' as you call them were controlling wealthy people from upper class families who saw that they could get away with not sharing with the british and did so . 
  the british who 'd they 'd relied on merely years earlier to establish their control over the area , when you are depend on your homeland to be free of foreign invaders i 'm pretty sure that puts you under it . 
  the french revolution was true revolution in the principles of egalitarian thought , which is why it deservedly gets most the credit . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'd expect any university graduate to at least know the major flags of countries , regardless of what their degree is in . 
  it bewilders me how anyone can function , especially someone with at least an undergraduate degree , without having this piece of basic general knowledge . 
  to me , it 's shocking . 
  he 's being euphoric, 
  no more than americans do . 
  also who is y' all ? 
  in many parts of the world we have a little thing on the lock saying occupied or turning red making that unnecessary . 
  you 've never see a mixer tap , where do you live ? 
  north wales ? 
  no just no . 
  i 'd argue you get more smells because the faeces is exposed to air for longer though . 
  in british english toilet can mean both the bowl you shit into and the room where you do that . 
  maybe we lost the empire because people such as yourself forgot your british identity and picked up colonialist ways . 
  seperate hot and cold is pointless when a mixer tap can do both and everything in between . 
  hate to break it to you but i 'm pretty sure you ca n't come to the uk . 
  you 're not an eu citizen so you do n't have a right to live or work here . 
  if you go to university here you can get a student visa it will cost you # 12000 + per year , and you wo n't be able to work more than 20 hours a week during the course so you ca n't pay your fees that way . 
  without being a student you ca n't get a visa to stay here longer than 6 months either . 
  # 4000-6000 is n't going to get you very far anyway . 
  furthermore stop calling it a degree . 
  degree in english is used only for university qualifications , what you have is something like a high school diploma . 
  even if you did somehow get the right to work in the uk or you have eu citizenship , it wo n't land you a particularly good job i 'd say you 're looking at best at # 14,000 a year if you can secure full time work at minimum wage or just above . 
  the type of apartment you want is very unrealistic given you 're asking for four separate rooms . 
  i 'd say it would cost # 700 a month even in the cheapest of areas . 
  easily up to # 1200 anywhere decent . 
  near london and the sky 's the limit in terms of price . 
  you 'd be looking at a studio type deal and even then the cheapest i 've seen on of these in a cheap area is # 400 a month . 
  last time i took a taxi in prague we did n't get scammed it was quite cheap , but the taxi driver did keep turning off the ignition when going downhill and coasting with the engine off which is pretty hilariously dangerous , we also saw that his tank was virtually empty and the low petrol light was on . 
  funny times we got there safely so we did n't care . 
  50 chromosomes at once :o, 
  actually in german it 's schwarz , there 's no - t. m\u00f6ge die macht mit dir sein !, 
  this man knows what he 's doing 367.5 k comment karma in less than 2 years ... power redditer ? 
  trewly rekt lol, 
  100 killogroms : o, 
  holy fuck sticks batman . 
  i wonder how they 're making that calculation . 
  i 've know the media absolutely exaggerates the price of drugs to make these headlines , usually taking the highest possible street price for the smallest quantity of the drug sold and then multiplying it by the weight of the seizure . 
  despite this if they 're making their calculation on the grounds that 1 gram costs 100 pounds , that 's still 5 tons of cocaine that was on that boat . 
  enough to fill a small swimming pool oo . 
  if they 're making a more realistic assumption that 1 gram costs 50 pounds , then it 's 10 tons . 
  then again i would n't put it past the daily mail to have made some absurd assumption like a gram costing 250 pounds . 
  [ i 'm doing my part !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=smtz9niukgc ), 
  yeah but that 's my point , we do n't know what quality it was in the boat . 
  it 's not unusual for it to be cut even in south america , or by people along the transport network , ultimately if they 're selling it on they do n't care if it bulks up the product .
