  in fact , we find this obsession with work only in the us culture , which means its an insufficient explanation by itself . 
  america 's modern situation clearly has a lot to do with capitalism , corporate culture , and conservative political ideology . 
  lol do all americans think the rest of the world is constantly hating their freedom and thinking about them ? 
  delusions of grandeur are unhealthy . 
  except that 's not how it works . 
  i 've seen people who normally drink without consequence go crazy on a bad night and need to be forcibly put in a taxi by friends to save them from a night in the cells . 
  usually it 's got something to do with an underlying issue combined with black out level drunkenness . 
  black out level drinking is very dangerous and is when the really bad decisions occur . 
  never try to drink yourself into oblivion to escape a personal issue , the speed of alcohol intake can also be a factor in blackouts , so pace yourself . 
  having food in your stomach when you drink is also important . 
  point is that people can drink responsibly for years and then all of a sudden lose the plot . 
  you do n't have to be a serial `` bad drinker '' for this to happen . 
  alcohol is a drug and can affect people in a number of ways , one of those is giving them a dopamine rush so strong that they think they 're god and ca n't be hurt or suffer the consequences of anything . 
  in such a state it 's easy to deludedly think you can just smash someone who 's annoying you in the face , and if you 're holding a glass at the time it can end very badly . 
  smart and funny !, 
  let 's not pay them a disservice !, 
  good , but needs more [ barry shitpeas ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pvopooq8gge ) , those two make the perfect team . 
  sure this could be fixed simply be ensuring that loser plays the stronger team in the semi final round ? 
  dropping - r 's ? 
  nah it 's the rest of america putting - r 's in where silent - r 's should be :p, 
  ah that makes a lot of sense . 
  people say this , yet i live in germany , maybe the most train dominated country in europe , and it really does n't feel that much cheaper . 
  one big difference here is that if you want a return you pay for two trips and each are the same price , none of this nonsense where a return is only a little bit pricier than a single . 
  i mean if were working one town over i 'd be paying more than family members in london would for a similar duration commute ( although mileswise i 'd be going a fair bit further ) . 
  in much of europe you can get a real italian style pizza ... not some imitation of some abominable american imitation for like 5 euros . 
  take out pizza in the uk is a racket and the british people are mugs for paying for it . 
  supermarket pizza is cheap but take out and deliveries are heinously expensive compared to most of europe . 
  i do n't know who these fools are that spend 20 quid on a dominos when a chinese or indian would cost half that but they obviously exist as dominos and papa johns are still in business . 
  edit : i 'll add that the local dominos-esque chain in germany was decently bought out by dominos and they practically doubled their prices overnight . 
  down the road i can get a pizza capriosa for one , a proper one with the egg and the artichoke , peppers , ham etc. 
  for $ 4.50 . 
  if i want a bigger pizza for two people i 'm look at maybe $ 7 and it i just wanted a plain margarita it would be $ 3 for a small and $ 5 for a large . 
  these pizzas are all cooked in a real wood fired stone pizza oven by legitimate mediterranean sorts ( although i 'd hesitate to say real italians ) . 
  i must be living in some poorer country where things are cheaper because people are poorer and there 's no jobs right ? 
  nope , i live in the middle of a thriving major german city with over a million people in it . 
  a fool and his money are easily parted , and that 's especially true in the uk as foolishness seems to be our leading export now . 
  true , but we do n't have an abundance of those in the uk in my experience . 
  i knew a good one in manchester that did a pizza for about a fiver but that was in 2005 . 
  other places that i 've lived had an abundance of small independent indian and chinese takeouts that were priced competitively , but for take out pizza your choices where either dominos / papa johns , or a dodgy pizza from a kebab shop that tasted like cheese on toast . 
  one of the big ones , but in my experience it 's the same across all of north germany , bavaria is a little pricier but we 're talking maybe 20 % higher prices . 
  eating out here is dirt cheap , as is take away ( most take out places also have seating but ironically germans are the chilled out ones these days so the bylaws are less stringent ) . 
  i realise the food is cheaper here across the board as there is less tax on it , but it 's also to do with market demand , people want cheap tasty food , and if you start trying to charge them for the privilege of what is essentially fast food they 'll tell you to sod off . 
  germans are very thrifty people and if they get ripped off it tends to be completely differently . 
  for example , in the uk people tend to get ripped off by fake deals , e.g two pizzas for # 20 quid , they think they 're getting a deal because they get more when in fact they 've just been tricked into parting with twice as much money as it costs the seller . 
  in german 2 for 1 is virtually unheard of and is thought of as wasteful and a transparent ploy to get you to overspend . 
  germans do get screwed on in the luxury goods market , just as they 'll scrimp every penny on low value products , they tend to overspend on high value products , and you 'll rarely find rather high value goods , for example , designer clothes , at a significant mark down . 
  they 're all about value for money , so if one brand is $ 200 and another $ 100 they 're all too willing to assume the $ 200 is genuinely better quality and worth the extra investment even when that 's not the case . 
  it 's a mentality thing , the average british shopper is looking for a bargain , so if you want their money you have to convince them they 're getting a bargain when they 're not . 
  the average german shopper is looking for good value , and they 've been brought up on little truisms indicating it 's prudent to invest now rather than pay later , so if you want their money you 've just got to convince them that your higher priced product is worth the difference , even when it 's not . 
  i have to say that i still do a lot of shopping when i 'm in the uk because the germans just do n't do cheap discount goods like we do . 
  how is that for a ridiculous business model though , you need those vouchers to get anything near a reasonable price , and even with them it 's still a rip off , i do n't know how dominos and papa johns and co are getting away with it . 
  the majority i 've tried all use that vile cheese that tastes like rubber . 
  to be fair , when i was a student they did a constant 50 % off deal if you were getting it delivered to student halls , which did make it more like a more reasonable price # 8 instead of # 16 . 
  you 'd have to be a mug to keep buying it when you left though . 
  i could get a really nice sweet and sour hong kong pork balls with egg fried rice for under # 7 , a tenner seems pricey to me . 
   it makes you feel like you got a good deal and the high ticket price implies quality . 
  yeah , if you 're truly gullible i suppose it would !, 
  honestly i think it 's good something to do with pizza being seen as a party / sharing food . 
  people are definitely more like to buy dominos in groups and all chip in so the inflated price is more viable . 
  if their market were only individual people at home wanting something to eat but not in the mood to cook then they 'd probably need to be cheaper to stay viable . 
  haha big johns ai n't all that . 
  definitely better than your average kebab type take out in brum but saying it `` does pizza properly '' might be a bit of an overstatement . 
  it 's alright i suppose . 
  that seems pretty steep . 
  my example was from what i 'd consider a pretty average wealth town in middle england . 
  nah it 's redneck guys with tapout shirts . 
  remember , nobody has a clue what the migration situation for eu citizens will be after brexit , not even the people that are apparently meant to be implementing brexit , so everyone is just guessing at this point . 
  i would guess that if you 're in a job whereby you 'd be able to migrate to the uk even if you were n't an eu citizen then you have nothing to fear , but that 's only stating the obvious . 
  maybe a a better example is `` tour '' and `` paw '' , if they rhyme you 're probably from the south . 
   and if scone rhymes with phone they 're likely raised properly, 
  i 'm afraid not , the `` posh '' way to say this is to rhyme with `` on '' , the version that rhymes with `` loan '' is a bit of a middle class-ism . 
  i assume you mean bap ... 
  likewise with `` mom '' ( assuming they 're british ) they must be from the west midlands . 
  a tenner for a pizza is n't exactly bargain is it ? 
   accents are more complex than being divided into `` regions '' - often cities have very specific accents that are distinct from their surrounding region . 
  even within a city ( e.g. 
  london ) , accents will be different in different ethnic and social communities . 
  this is just obvious and adds nothing , at not point did i suggest that spoken language were uniform within `` regions '' . 
  people can still talk meaningfully speak about regional accents even if people speak differently within the relevant area , also there is no definition of `` region '' provided ( i could mean an area the size of a county or an area the size of a football pitch ) . 
  accents are a variety of differing idiolects with commonalities across the average , we often see greater similarity within geographic areas . 
  your point is moot . 
   also , there is no such thing as `` neutral '' / `` non-regional '' english . 
  yes , there are non-regional accents , which are those accents that are n't associated with a specific geographic region , for example , received pronunciation . 
  furthermore it 's patently clear , given my use of inverted commas , that here `` neutral '' is a description people use for those prestige dialects they do n't associate with a specific geographic area , and that i 'm not suggesting that some accent is objectively neutral in some phonetic respect . 
  so in this sense , neutral accents definitely do exist . 
  i 'm afraid you 're just wrong ( and being a bit pedantic ) . 
   what you probably perceive to be `` neutral '' english ( i 'm guessing you 're thinking like harry potter ) is just an exaggeration of that accent , and is considered a bit rare ( and a bit posh ) . 
  you wot mate ? 
  what the hell does harry potter have to do with anything . 
  the accent that is perceived as neutral in the uk is the modern form of received pronunciation you hear all over the bbc . 
  the accent that so many television presenters use or attempt to use . 
  my questions was about variations within this accent that strike people as regional , the unavoidable shibboleths of british english that require people to pick a side and are often determined in childhood while someone is probably more exposed to their regional dialect . 
   disagree . 
  `` one '' and `` gone '' rhymes in a generic southern accent . 
  only regional accent where `` one '' and `` gun '' rhyme that i can think of is somerset/bristol ( swest ) and wales , which is quite a specific accent . 
  historically one = gone is standard northern english . 
  one = gun is a property of rp , so i do n't know why you think that only sw accents do it , in many southern speakers pronounced one in the same way many people might pronounce the first syllable of wonderful ( wun ) . 
   i 've never heard this rhyme in any british accent . 
  i ( generic south/south east accent ) say `` pure '' as somewhere between `` p-your '' and `` p-yure '' - sitting here saying it outloud like a weirdo , depends on the speed of speech and what word comes next as to whether it 's closer to `` p-your '' or `` p-yure '' . 
  no clue what you mean , typically your options are / \u028a\u0259 / or / \u0254 : / ( broadly transcribed ) , with the lexical set of the former collapsing in the latter , and that collapse being seemingly more complete in the south of england , estuary english influence etc.
