  here my contribution to the nationalised health insurance fund ( separate from taxes ) are about 2000 euros a year . 
  for that i essentially get service equivalent private insurance , a completely free market regarding which doctor i choose , and as many unnecessary diagnostics or therapies as i want provided i 'm willing to forgo my premium return at the end of the year . 
  there is virtually no excess , so the worst that can happen is token payment of 10 euros . 
  moreover if i 'm unemployed i can claim government assistance and have exactly the same coverage paid for me by the government . 
  everyone gets the same high quality of coverage regardless of whether they can afford it and your contribution is defined by your income , and if you earn over 50k euros a year you can go private so no you do n't end up paying more for nationalised health care than a private option . 
  stop pretending that the american healthcare system is good , it 's bad even compared to private insurance schemes in other countries . 
  spare a though for the waiters and other service industry workers you talk to in texas every day who are getting shafted . 
  i think american accents are annoying , you sound like you 've constantly got a sore throat with your loud obnoxious - r 's that you can hear a mile off and that vocal fry . 
   i would probably pay an irresponsible amount of money to be able to pull off a legitimate cockney accent, 
  congratulations , everyone in the uk now thinks you 're a flashy sleazeball and probably a crook . 
  this is because dance music had a more authentic beginning the uk . 
  although house originated in the us , it was just considered an oddity and most ignored until the late 00s when suddenly all the kids are jumping on the bandwagon and talking about popping a molly . 
  wrong cut like fillet and sirloin ? 
  what ? 
  man that 's the dumbest thing i 've ever heard . 
  germany was being crushed in the east , dday was nothing more than opening a western front on an already overstretched denying army . 
  britain was n't even at risk from germany by the time dday occurred , supply lines to britain were relatively secure and britain had complete control of the airspace around its borders . 
  western germany was already crippled by the raf bombing of all major industry , infrastructure and military sites . 
  less than half the troops on dday were american . 
  if anything the america troops on dday did little else but allow the opening of a western front a few months earlier than would 've been the case otherwise , which would have allowed the russians to have pushed up to the rhineland or even the french border . 
  you 're just another american talking shit frankly . 
  t-bone and ribeye are available everywhere . 
  fillet is considered the best kind because it is by far the most tender and highly valued in haut cuisine . 
  do you think we just throw these parts of the steak away ? 
  all the same parts are available they 're just called different things and are more or less popular . 
  i had a steak in the us once , it tasted like ass , like literal ass . 
   well , most of the `` british accent '' we know today developed since the american revolution . 
  the british in the 18th century spoke more like modern americans than modern brits . 
  american accents stayed roughly the same ( well in some areas ) and the british formed their own accent, 
  no this is nonsense . 
  the modern american accent was vastly altered by years of isolation and massive numbers of foreign immigrants picking up the language . 
  this is a myth spread around by popular media , a misunderstanding based solely on the pronunciation of the letter - r . there are many threads about exactly this topic on / r/linguistics and / r/badlinguistics . 
  the british and americans of the 18th century would have sounded most like some very isolated regional uk dialects that survive today , that is to say , they would 've sounded like pirates . 
  neither modern british nor modern american accents ( excluding some isolates ) sound anything like how people spoke in those days , and arguing which is closer is like arguing whether an apple or an orange is closer to a banana . 
  all americans have accents , in fact every human being alive apart from the mute has an accent , so i do n't know what you 're getting at with that . 
  ime it 's only very ignorant people who believe they do n't have an accent but anyone who does n't speak like them does . 
   learn from history, 
  the irony is unbearable . 
  that article is about 1940 which is when britain was most in danger . 
  d-day was 1944 , when britain + her colonies + america invaded germany . 
  i 'm assuming that instead of d-day you meant the evacuation of dunkirk which was when britain was fought back to the coast and had to evacuate its troops from mainland europe . 
  the problem is that even if you mean that , the us did n't enter the war until dec 1941 , by which time the greatest danger to britain had passed , as your article so clearly states . 
  jesus man , if you 're going to argue with people at least do some basic fact checking , otherwise you 're nothing but a moron . 
  it just one of those common myths that are spread around . 
  makes a good factoid , people love factoids that seem to contradict common sense . 
  `` hey did you know that the old kings and queens of england would 've sounded american ? 
  and it 's the british who changed how they spoke ? '', 
  cute idea but completely false . 
  newspapers are guilty of doing it too . 
  any linguistic knows that trying to decide which accent is more original is just a pissing competition for the most part . 
  the people in those days would 've spoken with an accent unlike any accent around today . 
  that 's completely wrong you muppet . 
  read his post . 
  q : how the fuck does such a physically small country even develop such a large number of distinctive heavy accents ? 
  a : it exists for longer than 250 years, 
  had the question been : why does britain have so many accents compared to america ? 
  then you could respond : it has more accents because it has existed for longer than 250 years . 
  this example would be a correct usage of the present perfect ( which fyi americans also use in the same situations but merely less strictly and less frequently ) . 
  the particular connection between the past and present the perfect aspect emphasises here happens to be the fact that britain continues to exist . 
  however , had i responded to his original question in the present perfect it would 've been completely ungrammatical . 
  let me demonstrate a grammatically equivalent question . 
  q : how does a man learn so many languages ? 
  a : he has practised for many years, 
  this is incorrect and ungrammatical . 
  why ? 
  because the question is asked in the general sense , as marked by the fact the question is framed in the present simple . 
  it 's not `` how did he ? '', 
  or `` how has he ? 
  '' , it 's `` how does ... '' , consequently , it 's not asking whether a specific he has achieved something , it 's asking how `` a man '' achieves this generally . 
  the correct answer is :, 
  he practises for many years . 
  my advice to you is that if you 're going to call people on their grammar then at least ensure you understand it yourself , 
  edit : oh dear , i see from your post history you work in tefl and are a self proclaimed grammar nazi : / i recommend you go back to the books and revise the present perfect . 
  a pedant is a nuisance but you have to respect their precision , a pedant who gets it wrong , however , is nothing but an delusional fool desperately trying to make themselves look better . 
  i have many years experience working in tefl , i hope you 're not teaching your students to answer questions framed in the present simple with the gnomic aspect in the present perfect , not that it 's that important , tefl is more than grammar after all , but as a linguist i have to ask : where do you get off attempting to correct the way native speakers speak ? 
  language evolves and changes ( not has evolved and has changed ) , stop being such a prescriptivist and realise that expression has very little to do with how language is formed grammatically , such ideas belong to the dark ages and if you subscribe to them you 're just making yourself unnecessarily unpopular . 
   links man show proof, 
  what ? 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about frankly , that does n't make any sense grammatically . 
  anyway , i never said britain was never in danger . 
  the early part of the war was the greatest threat to britain , hitler had superiority in the air and at sea . 
  britain had hereto focussed on having the biggest navy , as part of britain 's naval tradition . 
  the problem was that with the modern aviation techniques the luftwaffe had mastered ships were useless unless supported by a large number of aircraft . 
  however , britain managed to win the battle of britain by about 1942 , much thanks to supplies brought in from both america and british colonies ( this is the point at which britain asked for help ) . 
  by the time america actually entered the war for real britain had already secured her coastline and airspace from invasion . 
  you peel an apple too , and apples are n't as citrus , which is closer to bananas . 
  cool story bro . 
  britain 's got a base in the usa still too , it 's called canada . 
  not for long . 
  _ a_e_s_t_h_e_t_i_c _, 
  merci monsieur squeltique, 
  aitch is the protestant pronunciation , haitch is the catholic one . 
  i know it sounds like a joke but back in the day this was used a shibboleth to spot irish catholic immigrants and their offspring at certain points in history , probably owing to the fact the irish say haitch . 
  i think it 's more an irish vs english thing . 
  if someone said haitch they were probably of catholic lineage because they were probably from ireland or had parents from ireland and that was enough to prove their catholicism in people 's minds . 
  obviously does n't work for irish protestants , but such people probably were n't subject to the test or could at least prove their protestantism in some other way . 
  they may well say haitch in the north too . 
  it was just a stupid social shibboleth not absolute proof . 
  a bit like how people in oxford could tell whether someone was town or gown based on their pronunciation of the river cherwell . 
  but muh free speech !,
