  your point does n't even make sense . 
  it 's perfectly evident that `` local '' sorts are more protective of their hometowns and my likely to be anti-immigration . 
  i was n't suggesting that everyone is local , so the fact that over half of people do move is n't really relevant . 
  there 's no need for a source . 
  it 's common sense that those people who would never use their freedom of movement see losing their right to it as less of a sacrifice . 
  if britain is in economic doldrums then scotland will too . 
  even decades after they leave our economies will still be massively entwined as we 'll be by far their biggest trading partner . 
  this is what is so stupid about all this separation nonsense . 
  the common market evolved naturally because our trading relationships that exist out of geographical necessity . 
  even if britain does reconnect with the commonwealth and lands trading deals outside the eu , we 'll still be utterly dependent on our neighbours ( and they us although less so as we 're merely one nation ) . 
  we 're cutting off our nose to spite our face by leaving the eu . 
   that escaping the grubby clutches of unelected sycophants ( juncker and ilk ) is going to be very difficult , near impossible . 
  oh look you do n't understand basic political and constitutional issues and bought the absurd daily mail narrative about the eu being unelected tyrants . 
   i 'm tired of middle eastern , african extremists coming here to leach the system . 
  oh yeah , the streets are just overrun with them , you ca n't move in middle england for mena extremists simultaneously claiming benefits and taking our jobs . 
   i for one do n't want to the economic migrant hoard in germany resuming there unholy migration here , once they 're are inevitably given citizenship, 
  lol , like they 'd move a poorer country with a looser social security net once they 've got german citizenship . 
   ( in hopes they wo n't join their friends in raping and killing white natives ) . 
  oh look , you 're racist and believe that mena migrants are all sexual offenders and murders . 
  you 're pretty much everything that has gone wrong with the uk . 
  a small minded bigot to gets to influence geopolitical policy . 
  in a world , where one couple are so into bdsm ... 
  one ring to rule them all !, 
  yes , kinda crazy that you have to ask whether a university level teaching qualification is beneficial for teachers !, 
  see , lots of myths like this exist , but if you really took the time to think about logically it makes no sense such a law would exist . 
  i mean what the heck do people think that there was a law written to protect the oh so blameless alcoholics provided they showed remorse afterwards , because as everyone knows in the real world fucking up does n't matter as long as you regret it afterwards ... 
  seriously , it 's quite a child-like mentality that assumes such cushy legal loopholes exist for the protection of people who have failed in their responsibilities as employees , compounded by the fact that ordinary people have this assumption that law inherently counter-intuitive . 
  doing your job drunk , and even more so when your job involves children or any other risk such as machinery , is clearly a grounds for dismissal anywhere in the world . 
  i just think it 's amazing how some irresponsible people manage to convince themselves the world is bubble wrapped for their protection . 
  what does make sense however is that there would be a law that prevents employers from firing people who check themselves into rehab , as for alcoholics and drug addicts checking themselves into rehab is clearly the right thing to do , and it 's common sense that laws should be set up to prevent people being punished for doing the right thing . 
   i mean , how could a dude in levi 's and aviator sunglasses be gay ? 
  [ relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vyn8vn4bszm ), 
  what 's unbelievable is that skilled workers in the uk have barely lifted a finger against the deregulation of their trades , yet often feel fine blaming immigration policies . 
  you wo n't see as many skilled labourers in other countries complaining about immigrants , because they know that their crafts are protected . 
  if the value of skilled trades really is being pushed down that badly , although i 'm not sure it is , then the solution is to protect the industry and not close the entire job market . 
  in reality i think it 's only labourers that have seen any real knock to their earning prospects as a result of brexit . 
  the problem is if you enter a market with a significant shortage , and that becomes normal for you ( supply can never meet demand , contractors vying with each for your labour ) then when that shortage becomes less pronounced it can feel like your industry is being flooded when in fact it 's just the market naturally readjusting itself to reach an equilibrium . 
  on aggregate an opener market benefits everyone across the average , we 'll all be better off with market demands being met , but that does n't mean there wo n't be losers who 'll no longer be able to exploit the prior unbalanced market conditions . 
  i knew brickies in the early 00s who were making # 50-60k a year working for other people , labourers would be offered over # 100 for like 7 hours work to come in on sundays . 
  sure everyone worked hard for it , many people were working 6 or even 7 day weeks where i was , but make hay while the sun shines makes comes to mind . 
  brickies do a hard job and need good skills to be good at their jobs , but it 's not the natural order of things that we 'll make the same as general practitioner , and the same goes for sparkies , chippies and all the other skilled manual labour jobs in the building trade . 
   nobody with any sense , 
  this is a stupid thing to say . 
  when you short stock you are n't betting the company wo n't succeed you 're betting that the value must go down before it goes up . 
  tesla can be doing great but if they 're overvalue within a small time frame then shorting it is what investors are meant to do . 
  too many people conflating a companies long term performance with its future share value . 
  pharmacologically a very safe substance to be fair , guy probably had an underlying heart condition , that said taking lots of mdma would n't help with that . 
  keep that up and they 'll end up with well paid jobs at a university . 
  no , you 've been misinformed i 'm afraid . 
  from a pharmacological perspective mdma is very safe . 
  so safe in fact that if it were shown to have medical benefits it would very easy for it to be a prescription medication . 
  there are a very small number of deaths related to its safe use , but they are so rare it 's really no different to how some people die from using otc pain killers . 
  most deaths involving mdma usage involve contaminants , dehydration , over-hydration , or underlying conditions . 
  obviously even clean mdma if used irresponsibly often then it will do damage ( same with anything virtually ) , but it 's hardly an inherently harmful substances . 
  lol whatever mate if you want the studies i can provide . 
  ah yes , sketchy pseudo science published in journals by top class universities in which mdma is consistently rated as less dangerous than alcohol . 
  your clearly lying about having a background in pharmacology else you 'd know about the modern debate about the medical uses of mdma , as well as the fact that as a chemical substance it 's no more dangerous than many things gps prescribe virtually everyday . 
  ( i notice how you say `` substance abuse professors '' and not `` pharmacology professors '' ... what do you have ... a ba in addiction therapy ? ), 
  sounds like you 've been brainwashed in those programmes and are unable to think clearly about drugs . 
  mdma actually causes less harm than alcohol , and alcohol kills millions of people around the world a year and ruins the lives of many many more . 
  from a chemical perspective the active ingredient in ecstasy , is a relatively safe drug , safe enough to be used in medical trials ( as it has been quite a lot lately to treat ptsd ) . 
  that does n't mean street pills are safe or that it ca n't a negative impact if used unsafely , anymore than going to bootlegger and downing a bottle of firewater is safe , but as a substance it 's relatively benign . 
  try rubbing those brain cells together and think about nuance for once . 
  for example , ketamine is an incredibly safe drug , so safe that it 's used to anaesthetise babies for christ sake , but that does n't mean if it 's abused as a recreational drug to an excessive degree it 's not harmful . 
  edit : i 'll also add that you clearly do n't much about rehab either , else you 'd know the number of people sent to rehab due to `` ecstasy '' pales into insignificance compared to the number of people sent there to recover from addiction to alcohol , more conventional stimulants like coke and meth , and opiates , all of which have massively greater addiction potential . 
  mdma is not physically addictive ( like alcohol and opiates ) nor does it score highly in psychological addiction ratings ( like meth and crack cocaine ) . 
  for someone who claims to work with illegal drugs you do n't seem to actually know much about them . 
  that would be tough given where i work . 
  most professors are n't bringing is huge salaries ( although of the ones with research grants many are earning on 6 figure salaries ) but almost all are earning over the national average wage and it 's hardly like they 're breaking their backs to get it . 
  another point to consider is that citizens of ireland without british passports have freedom to live and work in the uk that does n't depend on the eu . 
  even in the hardest of brexits imaginable it 's highly unlikely that this freedom would be lost . 
  it was an integral part of the peace process that people should be free to move between our nations at will and as such ca n't be touched . 
  huh ? 
  [ italians when americans try to act elitist about pizza ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bgdi2bytiy ), 
  they are closed to retail traders on weekends though , but it 's only really a shorter gap because of timezones . 
  to be fair i can understand kant , but i can imagine plato was pretty influential on african studies at least , given how his philosophy proliferated around the roman empire and its neighbours . 
  seems to me that a grounding in plato would be a necessity in any study of african philosophy . 
  $ 6 - 8 for a cinema ticket near me , uk prices are an insult . 
  damn i thought cyprus was an overseas british territory , the shame : /, 
  there is no solid evidence that lots of sleep makes you healthier , in fact evidence suggests your body is perfectly healthy on 6 hours a day and oversleeping can have a negative effect . 
  to be fair it 's a bit more complicated than that . 
  that image of men as the pursuer and women as prey who will eventually give in to is a paradigm of romance that did n't just evolve in the minds of men , as evidenced by the thousands of female romance novelists who invoke similar clich\u00e9s . 
  you can blame thuh patriarchies if you want , but there definitely is this notion that men should work to push an outwardly reluctant woman into a romantic relationship . 
  of course in the films the idea is always that she secretly liked him anyway but was too afraid to do anything but push him away . 
  of course in real life the likelihood is n't that she secretly like you and just need a bit of pressure to acknowledge that , but actually does n't like you and your attempts to bring her around are just creepy and stalkerish . 
  which part ? 
  the part that lives in america and drinks green guiness on saint `` patty 's '' day ? 
  fair enough , but for some reason this aversion to the word female is spilling into non-creepy adverbial contexts now . 
  is it really that bad to talk about `` male and female colleagues '' , now i sometimes hear things like `` man and woman colleagues '' . 
  it 's all over the news too , things like `` woman president '' and `` woman lawyer '' seem to be common place . 
  to my , admittedly male ear , `` woman lawyer '' sounds rather trivialising and childish like saying `` man lawyer '' . 
  is saying `` she 's our first female ceo '' really worse than saying `` she 's our first woman ceo '' , because to me the former sounds like normal adult language and the latter sounds like at worst a somewhat diminishing childish improper piece of grammar and at best a quite transparent affectation contrived to avoid using the word female . 
  i mean i totally agree that guys who talk about `` females '' are creepy as fuck ... `` i ca n't find a female '' ... `` i 'm looking for a female '' ... `` he gets so many females '' ... `` how do i get females to like me '' ... just writing that makes me cringe , but still is the word just defaultly bad or is it only in these creepy contexts when guys use it is a noun describe one or more human women . 
  to be fair i think stuff like this really does massively affect how people perceive you , that opening greeting and leaving greeting make a huge different in how you 're perceived . 
  bad human interactions tend to end in frostier more artificial farewells . 
  it 's also a huge tells when it comes to your disposition towards someone . 
  for example if you greet someone of the opposite sex too full on when meeting them that it tells you thing about that person , that they 're drunk or a bit overly physical , if they 're stand-offish though that suggest they 're shy or adverse to you . 
  also the awkwardness of it tells you a lot too . 
  if someone goes in confident but fucks up and ends up doing some awkward half hug / handshake then that 's a sign they 're nervous or a bit awkward generally . 
  it it 's smooth though that seems to suggest you 're more compatible people .
