  just as driving after consuming 2 litres of beer is more dangerous than driving after 5 litres of beer , does n't make either justifiable . 
   does n't mean we get to decide what is moral and what is not, 
  actually every human being on the planet gets to the decide this for themselves . 
  in life , you are free to decide what is moral , you simply are n't free to decide what is legal, 
  i was n't saying that made it ok . 
  merely that the analogy between cannabis intoxication and alcohol intoxication was limited . 
  i mean we have substances like caffeine and nicotine , which are legal to drive on , which we assume do no impair judgement . 
  however , i 'd wager at high enough doses they would impair driving . 
  then we have alcohol , which everyone is familiar with an will intoxicate people to the point of not even being able to walk in a straight line never mind drive . 
  personally i 'd put cannabis somewhere between these two types of substance . 
  does that make it ok to high drive ? 
  does it mean drink driving and high driving at the same ? 
  no as well . 
  saying bri'ish is just defeating your argument further . 
  here 's my impression of an american , i pahked mah cah in hahvahd yahd . 
  oh yeh , only people from boston speak like that . 
  she sounds really odd . 
  pronounces anchovies and maturation weird too . 
  jesus man , some hero will be along with a mirror soon enough i 'd imagine . 
  see this is fun for the whole family . 
  the kids can enjoy the silly song and learn about farm animals , and the fathers can enjoy die dicke titten as they say in that part of the world . 
  have you read the bible , particularly the old testament part of it ? 
  it 's pretty much the same shit , justifying the death penalty for all sorts of shit . 
  just because someone is a follower of islam does n't mean they are radical . 
  in fact , most british muslims think these guys are idiots in the same way that most american christians think the westboro baptist church are idiots . 
  radical christianity might not be a big problem right now , but it has been in parts of the word at various times . 
  props for actually trying to translate the onomatopoeic sounds from german to english as if it actually mattered . 
  no for the part that blows your mind , the vowels you use to pronounce words probably sound wrong to people in other parts of the world too . 
  everyone 's had it up to here with the dawkins school of atheism and the 4chan style militant atheism let 's laugh at fundies hahaha idiocy . 
  it 's hardly like reddit supports religion either . 
  the nu-school atheists shift focus away from mocking the stupid / evil things some religious people do to hating on anyone with any semblance of faith whatsoever . 
  most people do n't have qualms with people just because they 're nominally religious , just the extremist fire and brimstone anti-science types . 
   he currently lives on the isle of man [ 7 ] and holds dual citizenship of south africa and the united kingdom . 
  lol ? 
  he is dual nationality south african / british . 
  point is that he is technically british and he does n't hold american citizenship and has been to space . 
  another thing that nu-skool atheism does is ignore that there are more rational forms of religion available . 
  for example , philosophical deism is not really that irrational . 
  many christians are i know could roughly be called deists who believe the bible to be a divinely inspired piece of philosophical literature which they try to use as a tool for living a good life . 
  they are not anti-science , they do not take the bible to be unambiguously the word of god to be interpreted literally , and they do not impose their beliefs on other people . 
  in many ways their beliefs are no more absurd than platonic philosophy or idealism . 
  none of that is relevant . 
  all the british astronauts flew under the flag of a different country because britain has never had a space program nor has it ever contributed to one until the advent of the esa . 
  no it does n't . 
  and it 's a male voice . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i blame americans for calling everything with a shell a `` turtle '' rather than using the word tortoise . 
  actually , you are wrong about the idea that they did n't smell . 
  hell , in the in 1920s people smelled before the advent of modern hygiene practices such as using deodorant and daily showering . 
  sure , they were n't as cleaning adverse as popular knowledge would have , but they definitely did stink by modern standards . 
  that the american accent is how people spoke english at the time of revolution , and that the british accent was the one that changed , thus american english is closer to the original english . 
  this is so fucking stupid but the myth is really common . 
  it 's based on only one linguistic feature which is the pronunciation of the letter - r in words like car and park . 
  in reality , there was no one form of original english back in the olden days , and there is nobody alive today who speaks like they spoke back then . 
  all english accents have changed drastically over that time and american accents are no less changed than those of any other country . 
  that non-americans `` sound american '' when they sing , either because american accents are more natural/neutral or because all singers want to sound american . 
  this is pure national bias . 
  what actually happens when people sing is that a lot of the features of spoken language that we use to determine someone 's accent are lost . 
  it 's a bit like trying to determine someone 's accent by only hearing them do a donald duck voice , it might still be possible but it 's going to be harder . 
  americans hear foreigners singing and do n't hear the acoustic cues they use to pick out foreign accents and assume that what they hear must be an american accent . 
  in reality the same process works in reverse , an american can sing to a crowd of australians and nobody will pick out their american accent until they use their speaking voice . 
  i see a lot of bullshit about this , people saying that the american accent is more `` neutral '' ( neutral accents do n't exist , what we usually mean by it is that someone speaks in the way we perceive as standard / prestige ) or that the vowels are `` purer '' ( again , makes no sense , vowels are either `` pure '' , monophthongs , or not , diphthongs etc. 
  a few singers do try to fake the american accent when singing but these a minority . 
  generally i see a lot of shitty bad information about accents on reddit . 
  i agree funnily enough . 
  wotlk really changed the game with the addition of achievements and heroic kills . 
  i 'd say at least 3/4 of the people i 'd played with since vanilla either quit or went casual after it became apparent that wotlk was moving the game towards something that while in many ways being more polished was not offering the same challenge as before , and what challenge it did offer felt a lot more arbitrary and tacked on as an afterthought in an attempt to appease the core players . 
  the english `` r '' does n't sound like `` rrrrrrrr rrrrrrr rrrrrr '' . 
  i never understood why birmingham gets nice tap water but everywhere else in the midlands gets the shitty hard stuff . 
  the tap water in birmingham and manchester both taste fucking ace , and whenever i 'm back in these cities i make sure to have some . 
  that 's pure bollocks . 
  tap water tastes great in places and shit in other places , just as it does in other countries , it 's to do with the local geography and nothing to do with the country . 
  yes , repeat a boring clich\u00e9d joke and say the other person does n't have humour when they do n't laugh . 
  the lack of sense of humour comes from your need to accuse people of having no sense of humour than just accepting your joke was bad and moving on . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you ca n't rate tap whatever on a scale . 
  it 's not food . 
  it 's just either hard or soft , all those places you mentioned have hard water . 
  you should feel bad about your response to their telling you it was bad . 
  not about the joke itself . 
  that 's frankly just bollocks that bottled water companies want you to believe . 
  in blind taste tests nobody can tell the different between mineral waters . 
  whether you believe this or not is by the way , you 're still wrong to generalise uk water from your sample of 3 places . 
  the standard for water in the uk is actually higher than in the us , but what you 're tasting is the hardness . 
  [ water hardness in us ] ( https://www.h2odistributors.com/global/productpics/misc/waterhardnessmap.gif ) and [ water hardness in the uk ] ( http://www.heatwell.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2011/04/hard-water-map-uk.gif ), 
  not really , i 'm just trying to debunk your strange local prideful belief that you have the best water . 
  all that matters is hardness , and the soft water you have in portland tastes exactly the same as the soft water in south carolina or scotland for that matter . 
  i do wonder what it 's like to have asian eyes . 
  i remember one time on a train i saw this asian girl , she was n't exactly a looker and she had maybe the thinnest eyes i 've ever seen . 
  i 'm used to seeing asian people but this girl had very thin eyes even by the standards of asian people . 
  i just remember thinking that is must affect the way she sees the world . 
  water is n't music though . 
  not comparable . 
  generally the idea that mineral content other than calcium and magnesium affects the taste of water is bullshit though . 
  do you work for l'evian ? 
  haha, 
  so are there really hot singles in my area who want to fuck ? 
  next time i see a canadian bitching about their netflix i 'll link them this . 
  they 're getting a better deal than europe for sure . 
  lol , you say as everyone else walks on past these `` 20 '' crusaders without any hassle .
