  combine this with the mentality of the period , which was along the lines of `` do what you 're best at and what you most enjoy to ensure you get the best grades possible , which will mean you 're eligible to go to the most prestigious university possible , and employers will be so wowed by the prestige of your university that you 'll walk into something decent '' , then you 've got a situation where no , i did n't really have a clue what a humanities degree would mean for my career prospects . 
  sure i knew it would exclude me from being an engineer , scientist , or mathematician , but i had no idea what that would mean in real terms , nor did i foresee that stem subjects would dominate so much in the 2010-2020 labour market . 
  the us system is obviously very different , with a focus on breadth rather than depth of knowledge , you at least get to dabble in subjects at a university level before committing yourself to anything . 
  i 'm sure , but walking out a poor graduate getting through the right doors was difficult , education was seen as a safe sector , i got into it quite accidentally anyway . 
  i 'm still ( relatively ) young , there 's still time !, 
  do n't be such an oversensitive nancy . 
  1 ) it 's a joke 2 ) british colonialism is still preferable to ww1 . 
  yeah , first off , fuck off . 
  secondly i paid less than $ 26k for my education ( at a world top 200 uni ) with a debt that barely exceeds inflation , and thirdly i started my course in a much different economic climate than what would follow . 
  finally , i barely qualify for millennial since i 'm approaching 30 . 
  behold immortality , the body may have passed away but the meme lives on . 
  to add something interesting , the romans are believed by many to have pronounced the written letter - v as english `` w '' . 
  germanic tribes were liable to have both sounds , but now most germanic languages do not have both the english `` w '' and `` v '' sounds , and are liable to pronounce written - w as english `` v '' . 
  which is just fucked up when you think about it . 
  [ here are the facts ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/1/18/origins_of_english_piechart_2d.svg ), 
  you know i find english kind of beautiful in how it mixes etymologies so readily as matched by the telling spelling of the words . 
  other european languages are nice but they typically subdue every word to their phonetic orthography and it does n't quite give the written word it 's unique flavour . 
  not that i 'm saying that other languages ca n't be beautiful , but there 's something unique amongst the traditionally latin alphabet languages about english . 
  kind of scary when you look at it from the perspective of a 1960s person . 
  we literally have a machine that tells us what to think . 
  man , outside the us we do n't have to pay such obscene amounts for our education , nor do we study for 4 years . 
  my university is in the top 10 for my country , and recognised globally . 
  since you responded `` cool story bro '' , i 'm going to assume the only millenial here is you . 
  lol , you 're a joke . 
  if the us is forgoing the education of its people purely for the benefit of other countries it 's retarded . 
  lol , do you really think anyone is going to give 3 shits whether is says designed in california or designed in cork ? 
  cork is a lovely place . 
  do n't know about the us but in the uk there is a significant trades in illegal cigarettes , plenty of shops selling illegal cheaper cigarettes smuggled in from other countries there . 
  the schengen make it easy to move large quantities of cigs around mainland europe , and then it 's just a matter of getting them to the uk . 
  when 20 cigs cost # 12 then there 's lots of profit to be made if you buy them for # 3 and sell them for # 8 . 
  while it is a problem , i would n't call it a pressing issue . 
  because the stakes are relatively low compared to illegal drugs as the law is n't as harsh , and since almost anyone can get cigs from the balkans or turkey or whatever there is no control of supply at the source . 
  this means you do n't necessarily get the kind of organised crime networks around it . 
  that 's not to say organised crime does n't dabble in illegal cigarette import , just that it 's not something that can as readily be controlled by organised crime as , say , heroin import . 
  not to mention the fact that all they 're really doing is undercutting something people can get legally anyway , so the dealers do n't have the kind of power over or stake in their customers as drug dealers do . 
  legalising cannabis wo n't stop the illegal trade in cannabis , any more than legal cigarettes stops the trade in a illegal cigarettes , if done correctly however it should make that illegal trade vastly less harmful to society . 
  yeah , it was a joke , and you just had to come in and get all serious and accuse me of whitewashing british colonialism because you 're just dying to jump on that high horse of yours . 
  i remember as a child being totally grossed out by that scene . 
  have you ever seen someone pigging out on something rotten or putrid ? 
  even if it 's faked it can be highly disturbing , there 's some part of your brain that just nopes the fuck out , some instinct that makes you extremely adverse to unnatural or unwholesome looking food . 
  that 's exactly the reaction i got from that scene , absolute opposite reaction for me . 
  americans just do n't seem to understand the difference between being latino , which is an ethnicity that is mixed spanish with indigenous american populations and sometimes the ethnicity of slaves that were taken there , and being spanish , which is just a regular white european ethnicity . 
  afro-caribbean used to be a preferred nomenclature , however i think it 's fallen out of fashion as these terms tend to do . 
  i think nowadays it 's better to simply use race + ethnic identity e.g white british . 
  if that person relates to two identities you can add that too e.g black british jamaican . 
  makes a lot of sense that way , as long as people do n't go around claiming extra identities for trivial reasons , no you 're a `` white irish american '' because your great grandmother was born in county cork . 
  i would recommend calling them `` black people '' rather than `` blacks '' . 
  pluralising a race has an association with bigotry . 
  better to talk about black people , jewish people , asian people , rather than blacks , jews , and asians . 
  it 's a mark of respect to note that these are people who happen to be a certain race rather than inherently defined by it . 
  god that article was pure moral panic . 
  they did n't even buy the drugs in the club . 
  headline may well be `` recreational drug users attracted to music venues '' . 
  shock horror . 
  while drugs remain illegal , there will always be cases of drug related deaths . 
  i remember that guy . 
  i 'm not sure on this advice was that sound though , seemed to me that he basically encouraged kids to smoke weed and take coke if they have to do drugs , because at least we know about their effects on the body . 
  better neverendum than brexit . 
  i think your belief in the viability of brexit is naive . 
  political turmoil and ukip are problems the uk should just knuckle down and deal with , rather that than cause the uk go down the path of history outside the eu . 
  we have a problem with nationalism and anti-immigration rhetoric , we should have been addressing that all along rather than trying to appease such people with referendums that blow up in our faces . 
  sounds like they need some freedom !, 
  a nationality is not a race , so it 's not the same in most cases . 
  however for nationalities we also avoid certain ways of describing them in ways that sound insensitive , for example , not shortening them . 
  notice how saying `` brit '' is largely acceptable but `` jap '' and `` paki '' are not . 
  furthermore , sometimes saying people is necessary even with nationality . 
  compare `` the chinese at the end of the street are opening a restaurant '' to `` the chinese people at the end of the street at opening a restaurant '' , seems that particularly with countries ending in - ese using `` people '' sounds more correct . 
  maybe it 's because these nationalities do n't take the plural or really work as nouns in english , so do n't seem like proper polite correct forms for referring to individuals or groups . 
  `` chinaman '' has fallen out of use . 
  saying `` the chinese next door '' seems almost like you 're trying to denigrate them by referring to them by their attributes . 
  yes * coincidence * ... 
  let 's not get ahead of ourselves here . 
  if you try to start a language by reading harry potter then you 're going to have a bad time . 
  that was just so incredibly german . 
  literally talking about dicks ( ok tails ) , and then deciding the best was the one most effective at keep the flies away from the elephants shitty arseholes , with some close up shots of course . 
  strong message , never be ashamed of your schwanz, 
  english and french do n't have cases in the same way as german , you only see cases in the pronouns , all that meaning is typically expressed through syntax and prepositions , so it 's not surprising you do n't struggle with cases in these languages . 
  german grammar really is n't that hard once you get the hang of it . 
  sure it 's very hard to get perfect , but so is any language and even native speakers say things that would be considered `` mistakes '' by the official standard definition of the language . 
  i like how english sounds , specifically well spoken british english , and that 's my mother tongue . 
  i do n't think calling them `` black people '' rather than `` blacks '' is '' pc oversensitivity '' , just as i 'd rather non-whites referred to `` white people '' rather than `` whites '' . 
  as for the chinese , i think it 's just a linguistic foible because `` a chinese '' and `` a group of chineses '' sound weird . 
  well depends on how intensity of learning of course , but i still think hp is too complicated . 
  if you 're going to read your first ever book in a language then make it a book aimed at children not teens and pre-teens . 
  the first couple hp books are a fair bit easier than the later ones though . 
   well , that 's a grammatical objection rather than a political one . 
  would n't you just say `` a chinese man '' , or `` some chinese men '' ? 
  it has a grammatical basis but it has a political implication in making `` the chinese down town are opening a restaurant '' sound less proper . 
   though as a matter of fact , `` a chinese '' , `` a japanese '' , `` a swiss '' , `` a pole '' , `` a scot '' , are all perfectly standard usage , with no derogatory implication . 
  what world do you live in where `` a chinese '' and `` a japanese '' are perfectly standard usage . 
  none of those are common in the news or the media . 
  they definitely are n't the preferred names . 
  definitely is a slightly more derogatory implication when said in a certain way . 
  but people do n't actually say any of those things . 
  i 've never heard anyone called `` a swiss '' , nor have i ever heard `` a chinese '' or `` a japanese '' . 
  these simply are n't things people say . 
  i 've heard `` a scot '' and `` a pole '' but never in any official context ( scot is an abbreviation of scotsman anyway ) , and they do sound slightly more derogatory when in a certain context than either `` a scottish person '' or `` a polish person '', 
  it 's nothing to do with how much i 've read , it 's just simply not common to use these terms at all . 
  there definitely is a derogatory connotation to these terms when used in a certain way , that you 're apparently in denial about . 
  actually i have read widely , i just said that it does n't matter whether i 'd read widely .
