  in that rich earth a richer dust concealed '', 
  no no that 's wrong ... wrooong , it says here on wikipedia . 
  do you not see how pathetic you look . 
  learn to use your brain you distasteful moron . 
  no , you just perceive it that way because you 're insecure . 
  i live in the continent in a small space but this is just taking it to a new level . 
  i feel lucky to have my small balcony , sofa , desk and decent kitchenette now . 
  because what 's true for you is true for everyone else right ? 
  do n't be a fucking arsehole . 
  quit man , i smoked weed from the moment i woke up til when i went to bed for about 8 years . 
  i would miss out on social stuff just to ensure i could pick up on the evenings . 
  but one day not even a year ago some shit unrelated stuff happened in my life and it just shocked me out of thinking it was all fine . 
  i mean i still functioned on it but i realise now that i was not functioning at my full potential . 
  the first month was n't fun and i wo n't deny i used a combination of exercise and alcohol to get through it . 
  but once i was out of that habit nothing but good stuff has happened to me . 
  i feel so much freer as a person without dependence . 
  for me it was a safety blanket too , a way to avoid addressing emotional needs or problems i was having in my life . 
  after a while the thought of not having it there was terrifying , but just power through it . 
  i have relapsed a couple of times since but usually only for about a week when i snapped myself out of it again , once you get over the big quitting stages , quitting after minor relapses is nowhere near as difficult or terrifying because you learn that nothing bad will happen from quitting . 
  do it and you will significantly improve your life i promise you , good luck whatever you choose to do . 
  nah that 's fine nobody will care . 
  but heaven forbid you think that saying `` could care less '' is stupid because then you 're a prescriptivist shitlord . 
  wtf is trash ? 
  i think you mean the rubbish from the skip ends up at the tip . 
  although the tip is usually only referring to a place where ordinary people can take excess rubbish and dump it in gigantic skips , not the waste management plant itself . 
  he 's a good cunt . 
  oh i think they 'll survive . 
  here in europe they 're only used by shady immigrants sending money home probably avoiding tax . 
  company called amy 's baking company ran by a husband and wife couple went on gordon ramsay 's kitchen nightmares . 
  whenever the highly respected michelin starred chef tried to criticise them they acted batshit insane , especially the wife who went completely ballistic and denial mode over everything . 
  she was really obnoxious and aggressive . 
  the only kitchen nightmares episode i 've seen where gordon ramsay just gave up and the restaurant was n't saved . 
  it 's a great episode i know it 's on youtube somewhere . 
  more recently she was in the press because she threatened a customer with a knife after they were complaining or something . 
  she also goes on the internet and gets trolled and thinks she can fight the internet and that god is on her side or something ... 
  it would be the worst party ever , a couple of them would be all right , one of them would be a batshit insane ex , one of them would be the adult version of a chubby girl i have n't seen since school , and one of them would be be approaching 50 by now . 
  oh not you . 
  love your projection . 
  almost your entire history is shit talking europe , the uk , nato , and defending the us from some imaginary unfair criticism . 
  please just take a read through your post history and see where once you 've discussed something that is n't politically related to this shit . 
  i ca n't see one time you 've had a laugh . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're a sad cunt who sits on reddit all day getting mad over nothing , i genuinely feel sorry for you . 
  i tell you what , you , / u/xvampireweekend and / u/mightierthanthou should form a little club where you can sit around and share all your delusional thoughts about europe together and then suck each other off in a big red white and blue orgy of mental retardation . 
  then we might be able to have a valid discussion without you retarded trolls lurking whenever this stuff comes up . 
  come on buddy , you have le gems like, 
   europeans , blaming other people fro their own problems since the beginning of time . 
  do you have a final solution for the american problem ? 
   i realize nationalism is a huge part of the british identity but this should be obvious . 
   the shit brits actually think, 
   til europeans think america has one type of bread . 
   europeans are always posting hyperbolic nonsense about america and treating ridiculous stereotypes as fact . 
  and they 're almost always upvoted . 
  but self-loathing american kids are all too eager to agree with them . 
  mate , i hate to break it to you but you 're a walking circlejerk . 
  finnish people are badass, 
  fuck you caroline !, 
  yeah this is the hallmark of someone who wants to look smart as if they understand grammar , but is too lazy to actually look up how grammar works . 
  fuck those guys , i 'll take honest mistakes over lazy wannabees anyday . 
  pretty sure it did mean that ... 
  stop triggering me ... 
  `` do n't you ever talk about black to me ya fucking cunt ... do n't you ever talk about black to me . 
  my mum will do you ... come on then lets go , come outside . 
  that 's all you can do , talk about black , ya black cunt . 
  come outside , i thought you were coming outside . 
  faaaaaccckiiiing cunt '' ( smashes window like terminator ) . 
  and that children is how the pecknam terminator came to be . 
  it was n't he who was negligent but his friends . 
  there is nothing in the law that says you have to pay for the negligence of people you know . 
  maybe not in your country there is n't . 
  the american way . 
  if people are n't working starve them and let them die of exposure and untreated medical complaints . 
  that should work as sufficient motivation to turn them into god fearing hard working types . 
  right ? ... no . 
  [ says it all ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yoqqbmz70im ), 
  `` ken '' is still about in scotland i believe !, 
  oh sorry , that was just a typo . 
  you see i 've put weak inflection twice . 
  that is meant to read mixed . 
  i 've actually memorised all the inflections and declensions already . 
  i want to be sure i 'm using them in the right situations . 
  i really wonder how they 'll end this series . 
  it 's not like they 're coming home :(, 
  i watched the whole thing , it had its moments but it was nothing special . 
  crappy dissatisfying . 
  skyler and disabled son were about as likeable as herpes . 
  some of the better parts were over done . 
  no real connection with the main characters by the end , finishing it was a chore but it was n't a problem because i was unemployed and watching online . 
  totally overrated in my opinion . 
  for me it does n't ruin the experience but enhances it . 
  i go from only partially thinking about something to appreciating as manufactured piece of art . 
  it goes from a suspension of disbelief for the purposes of entertainment , to an investigation of what the piece is really trying to say . 
  ca n't beat it imo . 
  definitely otherkin ( let 's all invent sexual identities to make us special guys , seriously it must be real , a self-righteous cartoon hipster edumucated me about it ), 
  i think most people are n't approaching it right and that 's why they do n't `` get it '' . 
  truth is there 's nothing to be `` got '' . 
  it 's not there to be venerated as some people will . 
  it 's basically just someone making some shit and going hey i find this interesting , some people may agree , others wo n't , sometimes no one agrees . 
  personally i enjoy a stroll around a modern art gallery , it intrigues me . 
  sometimes i 'll skip whole sections because they bore me . 
  people who do n't get it are generally over thinking it .
