  i dont ' know how to put this any other way . 
  you 're literally just making stuff up and hoping it sticks . 
  no i 'm not i 'm citing the narrative that explains the lead up to ww1 in an uncontroversial way . 
   yeah it was not a great power to france despite having a larger army and better trained army , larger and more education population , and had just recently mollywhooped them in a war . 
  please end me because this is just obliterating my sides from laughter . 
  keep repeating that little mantra if you want , does n't make it true . 
  let 's go back to the start and back to basics . 
  your little story here portrays germany as some sort of super nation that did n't need an empire to be a `` great power '' , that had the best land army in the world . 
  the european powers allowed the formation of this super nation and this nation has the best intellectuals and culture in the world . 
  when the european powers nations realise germany wants an empire they 're not happy about it . 
  bismark in his wisdom foresees that if germany tries colonialism everyone else will gang on them and therefore that 's why germans were n't colonial expansionists . 
  everything is dandy until ww1 . 
  i now suggest an alternative narrative . 
  germany was n't even a country until 1871 and suffered from infighting between states holding it back throughout much of the 19th century . 
  as a consequent of its division , many of its states being landlocked it had about as much chance as colonialism as the vatican . 
  in the 18th century some of these states made great scientific progress as part of the enlightenment , largely owing to a culture of religious tolerance . 
  the germanic states fell behind other european powers in the 19th century as enlightenment ideals became more and more prevalent in those nations . 
  the industrial revolution in the densely populated cities of england did n't help either . 
  due to the germanic states division they lacked urban centralised population density to compete with many nations in industry and industrial innovation . 
  they had some very smart individuals who made great leaps in engineering but so did almost every european power and america at that time . 
  the states that would one day become germany continued to lead the world in philosophy and art however this translated into about as much hard power as having the best cuisine . 
  in 1871 germany is unified , the european powers look upon this favourably as they believed it would lead to a better balance of power in europe . 
  within about 15-20 years of faffing around germany gets its act together and starts to compete with britain in terms of industrial output . 
  however asides from this the great powers of the world have a massive head start on them in many things , most importantly colonisation and international trade . 
  all the best colonies being already occupied . 
  barely a decade later america surpasses germany in industry but that is neither here nor there due to being a world away and an isolationist nation . 
  bismark in his wisdom sees the writing on the wall that the german people are not happy with their lot of being behind the european powers . 
  by 1914 germany is sick of the situation with the european powers especially the triple entente , a chain of events throw into actuality the deep seated german desire for military expansion along with their allies italy and the austro-hungarian empire leading to ww1 . 
  now please tell me ? 
  which is more likely , that germany was some type of super educated super intelligent power state that deliberately did n't pursue colonisation very hard because it was so wise and super powerful in the 19th century , a country so exceptional it did n't need or want to establish international trade with a basis of colonisation , and that all the other nations were jealous and scared of it . 
  or the idea that germany was actually a late comer to the game , did n't like how the colonial powers were detracting from it and pursued as expansionist policy to try and establish itself above the older european powers once it had caught up sufficiently . 
  why are you focussing on this one issue ? 
  they fell behind in scientific progress is what i said , around the early/mid 19th century , which is true , despite the combustion engine and diesel engine and so on . 
  i 'm not remotely interested in arguing about bentham and mill vs marx and hegel . 
  everybody overtook the germanic states in the 19th century . 
  it 's not even a question of naming someone , germany was never ahead . 
  anyway i 'm not interested in arguing this one point with you . 
  my assertion remains the same , the narrative you 've put forward is an romanticised ideal of german exceptionalism and an historically inaccurate crock of shit . 
  it 's exactly the type of narrative that his piece of propaganda is playing upon . 
  it 's absurd . 
  the german people caught up with the major european powers around 1900 and this triggered an imbalance that led to ww1 . 
  they were not this super intelligent power race that was content reading goethe and did n't need to expand , they simply could n't until later . 
  the germans being absolutely no different to any of the great powers at the time . 
  i already responded in another post . 
  but i 'll just say this , all those achievements are great , however dwarfed in comparison to the achievement in other european powers in the 19th century . 
  i 'm not going to get into the business of listing the hundreds of achievements in every european power and comparing them to germany ( or what was in fact a diffusion of german states with no real connection until 1871 ) , but it 's safe to say that it 's completely historically uncontroversial that germany was not leading the world in science and engineering throughout most of the 19th century . 
  this does not detract from the achievements they did make , i did n't even say that , i just do n't like the story your suggesting . 
  no because it 's a list of hundreds and hundreds of things . 
  it was well , but it was n't leading the world . 
  1811 : breechloader gun , thornton ( usa ), 
  1812 : experimental locomotive , fenton et al. 
  1816 : miner 's safety lamp , davy ( england ), 
  1816 : photography , niepce ( france ) see 1835, 
  1817 : kaleidoscope , brewster ( scotland ), 
  1818 : harvester-thresher , lane ( usa ), 
  1822 : mowing machine , bailey ( usa ), 
  1824 : electromagnet , sturgeon ( england ), 
  1824 : portland cement , aspdin ( england ), 
  1827 : friction match , john walker ( england ), 
  1829 : practical locomotive , stephenson ( england ) see : trevithick 1802, 
  1829 : braille printing , braille ( france ), 
  1833 : calculating machine ( mechanical computer ) , babbage ( england ), 
  1834 : reaper , mccormick ( usa ), 
  1835 : photographic paper , talbot ( england ), 
  1835 : photography , talbot ( england ), 
  1835 : photography , daguerre ( france ) see 1816, 
  1836 : revolver pistol , colt ( usa ), 
  1837 : dc motor , davenport ( usa ), 
  1837 : magnetic telegraph , morse ( usa ), 
  1837 : screw propellor , ericsson ( sweden ), 
  1838 : stereoscope , wheatstone ( england ), 
  1839 : vulcanized rubber , goodyear ( usa ), 
  1840 : binaural stethoscope , cammann ( usa ) see 1819, 
  1843 : mercerized textiles , j. mercer ( england ), 
  1845 : turret lathe , fitch ( usa ), 
  1845 : rotary printing press , hoe ( usa ), 
  1845 : double-tube tire , thomson ( scotland ), 
  1846 : sewing machine , howe ( usa ), 
  847 : arc light , staite ( england ), 
  1849 : safety pin , hunt ( usa ), 
  1849 : gas turbine , bourdin ( france ), 
  1849 : hydraulic turbine , francis ( usa ), 
  1851 : electric locomotive , vail ( usa ), 
  1851 : ice-making machine , gorrie ( usa ), 
  1851 : cylinder lock , yale ( usa ), 
  1852 : airship , giffard ( france ), 
  1852 : gyroscope , foucault ( france ), 
  1852 : elevator brake , otis ( usa ), 
  1858 : mason jar , j. mason ( usa ), 
  1859 : rechargeable storage battery , plante ( france ), 
  1860 : repeating rifle , spencer ( usa ), 
  1860 : shoe-sewing machine , mckay ( usa ), 
  1861 : machine gun , gatling ( ( usa ), 
  1861 : monitor warship , ericsson ( usa ), 
  1863 : player piano , forneaux ( france ), 
  1864 : experimental automobile , marcus ( austria ), 
  1864 : quadruplex telegraph , edison ( usa ), 
  1865 : web printing press , bullock ( usa ), 
  1865 : sleeping-car , pullman ( usa ), 
  1865 : pneumatic tool , law ( england ),
