  i feel like stuff like family guy has way too many references , the number of times i watched it and they 've referenced some c listers and i have no clue who they 're on about . 
  the west country accent is certainly one of the most conservative accents in the english language , it 's probably the accent that is closest to how people actually spoke in the days when pirates existed , so it was n't an arbitrary choice it actually had historical backing . 
  it 's also worth noting that the west country was the heart of piracy and smuggling in those days , so it also makes sense for a pirate to come from there . 
  people do n't think pirates sounded like that merely because robert newton chose that accent , robert newton chose that accent because it 's probably close to how pirates sounded . 
  he does n't have a birmingham accent , also the birmingham accent would n't pronounce that way . 
  source : lived in birmingham for over a decade . 
  i love how you 're attempting to lecture me when you 're not even from there , at best he has a lightest west midlands influence on an otherwise very much southern standard accent . 
  he 's grammar school educated and went to cambridge ffs . 
  i 'm afraid if anyone has tin ear then it 's you since you seem to think west midlands dialects shift / i : / to / ei / , if anything / i : / is shifted to more of a back in the mouth to a central position with the mouth slightly more open . 
  it 's 100 % nothing to do with his accent and absolutely to do with the way the word is written `` bey '' as in `` hey '' or `` grey '' . 
  i 'm not saying there is n't some west midlands influence in there , but you are crazy if you think that 's a birmingham accent , they would n't let someone with a birmingham accent on the us tv in his capacity . 
  welcome to columbia , brother ... 
  maybe we should get mars down before we go off ballooning around venus ? 
  i believe you can sell stuff like that as a historical artefact , give this is an original then it 's fine . 
  you could sell a modern version too as an educational resource . 
  you just could n't sell mein kampf as a regular book for people to read like it were just anything else . 
  i 'm curious about the sketch . 
  the man sitting on the cliffs of calais with his foot out , above him it says marianne , which i guess is a reference to the french personification [ marianne ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/marianne ), 
  however i 'm having a hard time reading what it says above the fat guy sitting at the bottom of the cliff , looks like `` ji ri '' or `` si ri '' or something . 
  i was wondering what that meant ? 
  is that mean to be john bull ? 
  the british personification ? 
  also is something written on his hat ? 
  it 's hard to tell if that 's writing or just shading . 
  also , can anyone read what 's written underneath ? 
  i ca n't make out the writing . 
  i believe a lot of the gold the uk used to have is now sitting in fort knox as part of repayments for loans from the yanks around the world wars . 
  the uk ditched the gold standard quite early on though , so keeping large amounts in reserve has n't been a thing since the 30s . 
  a pistol serves a purpose as does a rifle . 
  there 's a reason many soldiers are issued a side arm , it can used to lay down suppressing fire a range much greater than it 's effective accuracy and is highly effective in a close combat situation . 
  for self defence i 'd reckon there 's very little reason to have more than a pistol , and i 'm pretty sure these robbers would have run away just as readily from a guy shooting a pistol as they would from a rifle . 
   first syllable rhymed with `` spock '' . 
  yeah that only works if you 're from the us and not from the east coast you realise ? 
  it 's only those weird people whose accents developed cut off from glorious europa who use what is clearly an - a sound ( unrounded , open ) for short - o. 
  kwason is much closer though . 
  cruh-sant annoys the hell out of me because english has all the phonemes necessary to say kwason . 
  ( well american english lacks a proper short - o sound but that 's another matter ) . 
  the only sounds kwason usually lacks is gutteral - r after the `` kw '' , but it 's better to leave that out than say cruh-sant imo . 
  there 's a story behind that if you are interested . 
  up until the 19th century the aristocracy pronounced french words in a francophone way , just to show off their knowledge of french which every person of noble birth was expected to speak adequately . 
  however , the 19th century saw the rise of the middle classes and with it the parvenus . 
  parvenus were overreaching non-aristocrats who attempted to imitate the manners of the upper classes to gain social status . 
  the clich\u00e9 about these folk was that they overly associated aristocratic ways with french culture , this led to a reversal of the attitude , it suddenly became very gauche to pronounce english words with a deliberate french tone . 
  in fact , words of french etymology were signs of being middle class and trying too hard . 
  thus they said looking glass and not mirror , napkin and not serviette , valet and fillet with - ts and so forth so show they were n't grasping parvenus . 
  i have this problem a lot speaking german in germany , whenever i hit an english loan word in german , of which there are many , my brain does n't have a clue what to do . 
  it sounds totally fucky when i say `` ich h\u00e4tte gerne ein bacon double cheeseburger , bitte . '', 
  which country would that be ? 
  the most complaints i hear in europe are about americans and the way they pronounce - r. 
  what , pray tell , is a britt ? 
  most foreigners are going to choose an english accent to speak english . 
  just like i 'd speak with an american accent if i wanted to learn najavo ... 
  i really do n't like the standard general american accent in its modern form . 
  to me it sounds robotic bland and lacking in character , like a fox news reporter . 
  boston sounds just fine to my ears . 
  when i hear recordings of americans from the 1950s it sounds far more intelligent and eloquent . 
  now i hear these american newsreaders who all sound the same and think ... really , that 's what you chose as a neutral accent ? 
  the american minority accents sound far nicer . 
  [ here 's an example of what i think sounds horrible but a lot of americans consider standard ] ( https://youtu.be/gneblmvg_bw?t=12 ), 
  [ this is what i think sounds smart and eloquent ] ( https://youtu.be/azgqwtjkzlu?t=26 ), 
  i do n't know why the standard american accent changed the way it did , but i wish it would change back . 
  sorry , we speak english in england . 
  perhaps you should consider learning it ? 
  do n't worry , in glorious europa salmonella from eggs is virtually unheard of due to actually bothering to make our farmers vaccinate our chickens . 
  i think you 'll find she said `` every fucking day '' , not whatever the fuck you 've written on the basis of what it should sound like in your hick accent . 
  england has rich people too fyi, 
  actually english people follow the dictionaries , it 's you americans who ca n't say anything correctly , so much so you had to make your own dictionaries . 
  no is a diphthong in any accent , british people use the correct vowels to say the word . 
  americans , after being left to their on device on corn fields fucking their relatives for too long , developed their own fucky system of vowels . 
  so much so that caught , cot , cawt and caht all sound the fucking same . 
  now you complain because british people use the correct vowels . 
  english , the clue is in the name . 
  heey mei neemes derrrren , end im cahlling yu out treey , eye koow yu do n't lesten to sleepnot . 
  leydees end gendlemehn wee hev deetected graveteyshunal weves , wee deed it !, 
  unless you speak like the woman in the video , i assure you that you do n't speak correctly . 
  let me phonetically approximate you, 
  boot ey doount . 
  she is saying it correctly . 
  she is saying no , as it 's written , what you are saying is nawuu . 
  what she says = correct , what you say = nawuu . 
  i 'm sorry , it 's not my fault that you , and everyone you know irl , has been saying the word `` no '' incorrectly your whole life . 
  perhaps if you 'd grown up in a country that had it 's own language you 'd have the luxury of speaking the language as it 's written . 
  nope , i just think it 's funny that a guy from a country where people say nawuu has the audacity to claim someone who speaks the language properly is saying something other than the words as they 're written . 
  it 's not our fault that you speak a colonial dialect rather than using the pure english vowels . 
   i hope you realize that you did exactly what my original comment did with `` eef ey hed a heeck eccent eet woold sahwund leyk `` ehvry fuuhckin daaeee . '', 
  boot ey doount . 
  i see you are yet to grasp irony . 
  it 's nothing to do with how people spoke in the past , and yes all the british accents in the british isles are correct , because that 's where english comes from , that 's why it 's called english . 
  however none of the ones from outside of britain are correct english , unless they conform to how the people of the british isles sound . 
  perhaps you should stop claiming to speak english , and give whatever you speak another name . 
  why are there so few accents in whatever shitty country you hail from ? 
  maybe because you do n't have a language of your own , had to borrow ours , and now have the audacity to claim that we 're not speaking it correctly . 
  [ i think you mean cool facts ] ( http://www.foodsafetynews.com/2014/07/why-americans-refrigerate-raw-shell-eggs-and-europeans-dont/#.vr2bpvkrliu ), 
  in order for an accent to be a correct english accent , it must be spoken by natives of the british isles , why is this so hard to grasp ? 
  where they come from originally is irrelevant . 
  if you speak an accent that is n't spoken in the british isles , your accent is de facto a hick accent , does n't matter if it 's new york , la , or tasmania for that mater . 
  just because i am able to translate your broken english into something i understand does n't mean you are speaking english , unless of course you speak in a way that is native to the british isles of course . 
  now that i 'm done making this rather absurd and sarcastic point , how the fuck do you think you 'd feel if virtually every video featuring someone from the us speaking was full of comments saying stuff like `` caeen i heave a glaaesss of waaderrrrr ? '', 
  ( fyi that 's what american english sounds like to me ) , and additional to that , in this world it was america where the language originated . 
  i bet it would get old really fucking fast , would it not ?
