  yes , real english , none of this fake colonial crap !, 
  reverse engineering capital of the world . 
  this is so stupid . 
  it 's not a matter of capitalism or socialism . 
  most people fall on a spectrum , most people acknowledging how effective capitalism is at meeting our needs and raising the average standard of living but also acknowledging capitalism 's shortcomings . 
  one only need learn about the rise of capitalism and industrialisation in europe to realise capitalism is an imperfect model for a society that when left unfettered leads to harsh social inequality and social conflict and divide . 
  capitalism is merely a system for exchanging your work to meet other people 's needs for the meeting of your own needs . 
  you sell you labour giving other people what they want in return for getting what you want is all there is two it . 
  money is just an intermediary . 
  however , when it comes to the statistical distribution of talents and abilities across the human race its easy to see that the majority sit in the middle while a minority either over or under perform . 
  this means that some people can meet much for difficult needs for some group of people e.g a successful ceo , whereas a some people simply ca n't do anything of use e.g someone with an abnormally low iq . 
  capitalism also prefers to meet those needs with fewer people than more ( if a company can do the same work with half the staff it will out perform the competition ) . 
  most people who identify as socialists are n't radicals suggesting the ending of capitalism and the creation of a communist state . 
  rather they are simply people that see the inherent flaws in capitalism , and fear for the future of our societies if capitalism is treated as an end in itself rather than a means to an end . 
  what they oppose is not the use of money and labour to organise society , but the notion that capitalism is some kind of magic forward thinking perfect solution , the idea that some invisible hand of the market is leading us towards utopia . 
  in fact , they see the opposite , capitalism pushing us towards a dystopia in which people 's value is defined solely by their ability to work within a capitalist system . 
  shenzhen 's growth , while partly due to capitalism , is also a lot to do with the absence of capitalism . 
  when you take a huge country with over a billion people , ban capitalism , and then permit capitalism is a small limited number of areas , is it really any surprise that place flourishes economically ? 
  it 's not an economic miracle , it 's concentrated capitalism by a means which most more right wing types are against : government intervention in the market . 
  with the looming threat of automation , with the jobs of even statistically average people coming under threat , anyone who thinks that unfettered capitalism is going to lead us to a brilliant society must be fucking bonkers . 
  there 's going to come a time when 10 very smart people will be capable of doing the work of 200 average people just by running and maintaining an automated factory . 
  this is already becoming the case in many sectors , and if it were n't for the vast wealth divide between western and 3rd world workers then it would already be more extreme than it is . 
  if capitalism is to be a system that 's there to serve human needs ensuring the greatest overall standard of living across the board rather than a world of haves and have-nots then we 'll need highly regulated economies and that 's just a reality of the times . 
  if you want to learn about the dialects in depth and not just get a general feel i ca n't recommend using fiction as your starting point . 
  you 'd be better listening to excerpts of real people being interviewed in informal environments for that . 
  in my experience there 's usually a waiting list as long as your arm to get into halls , as there 's never enough places , i know at my university if someone left then their room would be filled a few weeks later so there is demand . 
  lots of students apply to halls late and then end up commuting from somewhere they do n't like and are desperate to get into halls . 
  i will say that my university was a campus university though so the demand to get on campus was very high , and if you did n't live on campus you 'd usually end up living a couple of miles away in a nearby town which is liable to be rather miserable as a first year . 
  in a city university the demand for halls probably disappears after the year begins because people will have sound non-university accommodation prior to this that will probably be an equivalent distance from where they need to be . 
  the british library has a large number of recorded dialect examples, 
  possessive . 
  it occurs more often in those shop names that sound like someone 's name but has spread to others , for example in the uk `` tesco 's '' is common despite tesco not really sounding like a name in english . 
  sadly there 's fair few people like this in the uk , usually a mixture of alcoholism and opiate abuse . 
  i 've only seen that kind of alternating going mental and apologising from people with substance abuse problems . 
  also these people tend to have a chip of their shoulder and think that they 're being judged by everyone . 
  we still have that and we have had it for decades . 
  the last time the media tried to bother with serious political debate that actually took the time to consider nuance and fine details was in the 60s if you ask me , and even then it was controlled , just differently by manufactured political consensus . 
  it 's clear to see that every debate , regardless of the source , is just a game of point scoring and trying to pressure people into making statements that can then be taken out of context and misinterpreted make the speaker look foolish . 
  the alt right and tabloid media are experts at this paltering though , you can see it in the statements throughout most pro brexit articles . 
  they say things like `` eu insist britain must pay more contributions due to brexit '' without pointing out the fact that this is in enforcing conditions that britain agreed to decades ago and that brexit is only the reason for the increase due to the drop in the pounds value that resulted from it . 
  effectively they 've turned negative brexit has caused into something that people will perceive as an attack by the eu . 
  most people are n't smart or bothered enough to read into the detail , so they 'll walk away thinking the eu are acting vindictively or spitefully and that they have the power to slap us with increased costs whenever they feel like , which simply is n't the case . 
  playing wow as a mage , blizzard keeps fucking changing the game though so fuck that . 
  crayg is the original pronunciation . 
  creg is an americanism . 
  actually it 's because in old norman french it was something like lieftenant ( or smthg like that ), 
  dayz used to feature a common grammar error in the logs saying `` you have drank '' i wonder if they ever fixed that . 
  pronounced the same in the vast majority of english dialects , although there are few in which - ea has it 's own sound ( really not applicable unless you live in rural norfolk ) . 
  actually this was the proper british spelling until quite recently and only now have people entirely given up and accepted that jail is the new correct spelling . 
  is the correct pronunciation in english . 
  the only exception to this is in american english . 
  this is not a pronunciation mistake but a written mistake . 
  should of and should 've sound identical in natural spoken language in most english dialects as the - h is elided when the `` have '' is contracted . 
  that 's the magic of languages that grew authentically in a region rather than being imported by colonists , the people do n't feel the need to speak `` correctly '' as they know the language is theirs . 
  you 're quite wrong . 
  the correct pronunciation of comfortable has 3 syllables `` comf-tuh-bul '' is given in most dictionaries . 
  the 2nd syllable with a schwa ( reduced sound that sounds like - uh ) , sounds like you 're misinterpreting this schwa sound a rhotic - ur . 
  no the - o does not have to do anything , that 's not how english works . 
  if you want a phonetic language learn german , do n't apply simplified phonetic logic to english unless you want to sound rather silly . 
  is the historically correct way to write and speak owing to the fact that historian used to be a word with a silent - h . now either are fine , because many speakers tend to remove the - h in a process of elision , but some do n't . 
  is exactly how the discoverer of aluminium decided he wanted it called . 
  i would do the same , i spent a year at university studying law and then decided it found it tedious and the people who taught it were miserable sods . 
  yeah i understood what you meant , i was just adding to that that while gaol might look old fashioned it was actually the official british spelling until not that long ago , and that jail is one american import that the british put up virtually no resistance to . 
  i most hear people pronounce it as gale or gay-ol , but the point stands . 
  i 'm afraid that flying back on the 25th in the uk was not a smart move considering it 's considered the most important holiday day of the year . 
  i suggest they rent a car for their trip and get back that way . 
  traffic on the 25th usually is n't that bad but can be busy in the morning and evening as some people travel somewhere just for the day . 
  yes , taxis are an option but they 'll be expensive and have a habit of turning up an hour late . 
   but i have seen people speak `` should of '' with a clear sound of an `` o '' in it instead of should 've , with a pronunciation of an `` a '' or and `` e '' . 
  no , not at all . 
  that 's not how english works . 
  in english many vowels are reduced to what we call the schwa sound . 
  if you do n't use the schwa sound and pronounce each vowel like you would in a stressed syllable , you are not speaking english correctly ... you are speaking english like a bad voice to speech programme . 
  english is a time stressed language which means each word has its own stressed pattern , and this will dictate which vowels are schwa and which are pronounced with a fully stressed vowel . 
  the closest way to represent the schwa sound with the latin alphabet in english is as `` uh '' . 
  i should 've done it = i should ` uhv done it, 
  i should of done it = i should ` uhv done it, 
  it 's a surprisingly common misconception that speaking `` correct '' english involves pronouncing things as phonetically as possible based on the written form of the language . 
  no , that 's simply not the case . 
  yes , it 's also regional , but there are vast swathes of the us that use the creg pronunciation , just watch a show like malcolm in the middle to see . 
  for years i thought the fat guy in that 's name was greg . 
  i would say it 's not ambiguous because everyone should interpret it with the first meaning . 
  `` calibrate only the percolator if the nozzle has dehydrated . '', 
  your dad is wrong . 
  shut up you pretentious idiot , it 's not wrong in the slightest . 
  my point was merely that there are no english dialects without reduced vowels and that reduced vowels are not `` wrong '' . 
  trying to turn that around and make it sound as if i were giving linguistically unsound advice or being prescriptive is pathetic , do n't be such a pretentious twat , starting `` back by one first year course in linguistic '' is proof enough of your having nothing more than one first year course in linguistics . 
  there is no required logic to how a word is pronounced in english . 
  you do n't seem to understand what i 'm saying . 
  `` comf-tuh-bul '' was never an incorrect pronunciation nor is it `` secondary '' . 
  the com-fort-tab-bel pronunciation is secondary , being a reimagining of the word based on how it is spelt . 
  i do n't know what your point is . 
  i know language evolves , i do n't care what you say , however , if you judge someone for saying `` comf-tuh-bul '' as if they are uneducated then you are the worst kind of ill educated fool , because you 're judging someone for using what is considered the `` official '' pronunciation in most dictionaries . 
  i assure that this is still relevant today , and the majority of english speakers say `` comf-tuh-bul '' with 3 syllables . 
  you like to lie and make shit up do n't you . 
  no he was n't `` forced '' to change shit , he decided to change it to bring it more in line with the rest of the elements because he wanted to . 
  just because someone coins a name for something at first , does n't mean that 's the one they settled on , acting like he was `` forced '' is complete nonsense that you only believe due to some nationalist agenda making you want to believe your pronunciation has more legitimacy than it does . 
   are you sure about that ? 
  no that 's why i said `` smthg like that '' . 
   both lieu ( place ) and adieu ( to god ) come from french and i should think there are similarities in the evolution of their pronunciations .
