  no , because the rest of the world uses british language . 
  what would be redundant is saying `` commercial in the us '' ... 
  shock horror , business only pays lip service to your shitty sjw ideas because it pays them to do so , unilever do n't actually care about body acceptance and just want money !, 
  what a surprise . 
  why do n't you take on that burden . 
  truly sounds like a solid integration to british culture programme . 
  everyone who arrives in britain should be made to live for a few weeks in a rainy desolate town with nothing to eat but pot noodle and nothing to drink but tea . 
  it will acclimatise them to disappointment and imbue them with the cynicism required to prosper in the uk . 
  lol american calling something british tacky . 
  i 'll just go watch adam sandler instead and be culturally enriched ... 
   therefore perpetuating the idea that men should fulfil traditional ` heterosexual ' roles . 
  if you 'd taken the time to look up the definition of homophobia , you 'd notice it encompasses perceptions of homosexuality as well as an opposition to basic sexual practices . 
  except it does n't remotely . 
  much rather pokes fun at them by highlighting their ridiculousness . 
  the question is why is it that a man becoming what is essentially a sexually provocative and decorative role in a male dominated violent sport seems more ridiculous than say a man becoming a nursery school teacher or nurse . 
  it 's not perpetuating these roles rather questioning them . 
  it 's our own prejudice that makes us assume that he 's aspiring to the role of fighter in this situation and therefore it reveals to us our own assumptions . 
  this if anything undermines traditional heterosexual roles , it certainly does n't reinforce them . 
  what a load of utter shite ... 
  what 's the point . 
  when you start saying things like . 
   through the use of cinematic technique including mise en sc\u00e8ne , semiotics and thematic development . 
  useless you want to absolutely demonstrate what your referring to and irrefutably why it 's sexist this discussion is pointless . 
  except louis theroux is n't jewish ... 
  if you believe in body acceptance then i 'm sorry but it 's too late . 
  it 's just paint bro !, 
  still do n't get it, 
  i can google the techniques but it 's up to you to show a ) how they apply to this ad with examples b ) why that is sexist . 
  it 's like just saying `` steinbeck 's work contains pathetic fallacy , and therefore condemns the american dream . '', 
  it 's a useless statement without the how and why . 
  as i 've said many times , this ad does n't encourage us to laugh at a man for being feminine , rather makes us laugh firstly at ourselves for making false assumptions , and secondly at the hyper-masculine culture of boxing with it 's oh so heterosexual culture . 
  ask a scouser to say a word like kick and you 'll see why ... 
  that 's the most fucking retarded thing i 've read today . 
  i literally ca n't think of more ... 
  no that is actually moronic . 
  a few thousand is n't going to mean shit . 
  do n't make out like they are just alternatives . 
  most people ca n't or wo n't save that money , and even if they did it 's barely anything and wo n't mean shit . 
  in most countries people with american policies would be considered criminally underinsured . 
  i know there is pressure on people to succeed young but frankly i think it 's quite common these days for people not to get their shit together financially until they 're in their late 20s . 
  cowfleshlabellingsupervisionworkcommunicationlaw !, 
  french is actually very phonetic , it 's just that the orthography seems weird to english speakers . 
  once you 've learnt the seemingly illogical rules then it 's actually very logical . 
  it 's a piece of pie compared to english . 
  for example in french - h is silent and it seems pointless to write it in , but in english - h is silent but only sometimes and seemingly randomly so it 's worse . 
  for example honour has a silent - h and is of a french route , but so is hotel and the - h is pronounced . 
  miraculously at the end of the year potter and his crew of followers luck out and avoid expulsion and win either the house cup or the quidditch cup for griffindor . 
  also the magic world in britain is a dictatorship , it has one prison for all crimes where you are literally tortured by having monsters slowly eat your soul , you have corrupt officials in the government like lucius malfoy who could influence things like whether someone goes to prison well before the dark lord had risen , you can also be sent to prison seemingly without trial . 
  furthermore if you do get a hearing it can be messed with and have it 's time changed without notice , in which they 'll produce summary justice on spurious evidence . 
  there is one state mandated school and if you do n't pass you are relegated to a second class citizen for the rest of your life . 
  where your home is observed to the point where the government can detect underage magical activities at any time . 
  where there is little interaction with other magical nations and an insulated community . 
  2000s britain in harry potter is literally nazi germany , and that 's ignoring the genocidal maniac who wants to systematically kill and enslave people on the basis of who their parents were . 
  lmao, 
  most likely is that the sounds he 's using that matter here are retroflex approximant . 
  fact is that there are rules for these things though . 
  - ll is pronounced like an l except when preceded by vowel + i or i , except for a short list of exceptions which are i + l like ville . 
  point is that while the rules of french pronunciation seem complicated , once you learn them you 'll be right the vast majority of the time ( place names and such do n't count ) . 
  now in english you could speak the language for 10 years and then come across a word like `` skein '' and still have less than 50 % chance of getting it right . 
  so no french really is n't that illogical , it just has a more challenging orthography than some languages like german which is just super easy to read and pronounce from the page , yet compared to english it 's a super logical language . 
  actually in the uk it 's considered quite trashy . 
  a bit like nigel , keith or malcolm , it just sounds terribly dated and a bit lower class . 
  does n't really apply but in the uk there 's a different set of rules than america . 
  - anything that sounds american : jayden , brad , maximilian , kaylee , katelyn and brandy and so on . 
  - double first names like suzi-may or jenny-sue ( this definitely ties into `` sounding '' american . ), 
  - common irish names , especially if that person is n't irish . 
  for example colleen , siobhan , shannon . 
  double points if they 're spelled in an anglicised way . 
  - anything that sounds french in a bad way like chantal as if just sounding french made it classy . 
  french people are excepted of course . 
  - certain unfashionable and dated names - kevin , keith , malcolm , nigel , ethel , mildred , esther . 
  these are really the same type of trashy , but tend to be names of older working class people , if you named your kid one of these they 'd get bullied for it most likely because they 've got an old person name . 
  - anything that simply is n't a name , like naming your kid after a place or a thing , it 's just not on . 
  calling your kid champagne will not make them as valuable and refined as the drink . 
  generally the rule that if you want to seem high class you should have a bible name , which actually means an english name that was used in the king james bible . 
  but that does n't mean anything in the bible goes . 
  stuff like ezekiel just sounds either black or jewish . 
  a nice sensible new testament name like thomas , mark , martin , john , or a royal name like william , richard , edward , george or such will carry the most weight in the uk . 
  for women there 's a bit more leeway i think , but you can certainly be safe with elizabeth and mary . 
  i will add that generally foreigners are excepted and with the large number of foreigners in the uk people pay less attention to names . 
  your doctor is just as likely to be called prahdip or something as they will something traditional like michael . 
  i also think there is a new brand of `` bad taste '' names of which people are becoming aware . 
  names that are just so middle class that it gives the impression that the parents are trying too hard to appear cultured . 
  it 's difficult because there are lots of very posh people with these names already , but when you hear about children being named them you do tend to roll your eyes at how `` aspiration '' the parents are . 
  a bit of aspiration is fine but too much makes it look fake and desperate . 
  the classic example of this kind of name is tarquin , but i 'd also include stuff like quentin , percival , tobias , spencer , hugo , barnaby , the female of versions of these might be stuff like india , chelsea and stuff , they just scream nouveaux riche with delusions of aristocracy . 
  i think ultimately though the good taste thing to do is not put too much stock in names , i 'm generalising a lot here and it 's quite presumptive of me . 
  most the really posh people i know go by stupid nicknames anyway like pipi or bunny or brando or something anyway , a product of expensive boarding schools where people go by their surnames . 
  if you had a long or phonetically interesting surname you 'd quickly get a nickname which somehow seemed preferable to actually using your regular first name as if that were a special privileged only afforded off school grounds . 
  i have mixed feelings about this . 
  i definitely agree with him on how society has changed for the worse in some respects . 
  in my parent 's and the latter part of my grandparent 's days there was high demand for workers , wages were rising , house prices were affordable but ever rising . 
  if you were a dual income household were reasonable jobs you could buy a decent house in 10 or less years . 
  if someone did n't move out of their parents house by 20 they were considered a bit strange even if it was just to a small dingy rented flat . 
  nowadays the cost of living is so ridiculous that many people in their 20s are still partially dependent on parents to help with rent or enjoy luxuries , and the people who do n't have familial support have it really rough trying to support an ordinary lifestyle on regular wage . 
  simultaneously attitudes have become more malthusian than ever . 
  we have an aspirational lifestyle thrust upon us , we are told that we must aspire to be highly affluent or we are losers with no ambition , merely wanting a steady job with no special social status which you enjoy and the security that brings makes you contemptible . 
  we are told the only reason people do those less important jobs is because they 're too incompetent to do anything else , if someone does such work they are de facto a failure . 
  this puts immense pressure on everyone , we must ever strive for self-improvement and greater employability , we must negotiate a competitive corporate minefield if we ever want to get ahead . 
  never failing , never showing personal weakness and never failing to kiss all the right arses .
