  couple of points . 
  first off this may not be true in your jurisdiction . 
  it might not even be true for the whole of the us . 
  secondly , the point might be better put as do n't eat your weed if there 's a chance the police could see you do it . 
  is it illegal to do that in the us ? 
  pretty normal in europe . 
  in most of europe parks and beaches are precisely the places where people do take their dogs off leash so they can run around . 
  also people with with trained dogs in the countryside do it . 
  in the cities most people have leashes because of traffic . 
  that 's how it seems to me anyway . 
  sounds like your dogs have got discipline issues . 
  i rarely meet unfriendly dogs in the park and they 're mostly off their leashes . 
  nah you 're talking shit mate . 
  in the uk there is no blanket ban on walking dogs unleashed , just local by-laws that apply to specific areas and neighbourhoods . 
  most areas it 's fine . 
  in germany there is only a law requiring dogs be leashed with on roads with buildings , in parks and the countryside it 's fine . 
  ca n't speak for the rest of europe but those are two of the most populous nations in europe so when you say pretty much everywhere you 're wrong . 
  what about them ? 
  pretty sure they 're exempt from most rules and are allowed to go where they please when accompanying their owner . 
  thing is in the uk at least the law is strongly set up that the owner is responsible for their dog , and if your dog bites someone then the owner gets fucked , so people with ill behaved and/or aggressive dogs do n't tend to walk them off leash . 
  mate you sound like a propaganda zealot . 
  it 's perfectly legal here in the park for example , and dogs run up to each other all the time , and there 's no trouble because very few people are stupid enough to let their aggressive or sick dog go off leash . 
  spraying a dog for approaching you ? 
  you do n't sound like dog lovers at all , more like paranoid dog racists . 
  yeah , but in most places it 's fine . 
  sure if you walk your dog around a rough estate 's park then you might get idiots like that , but 99 % are fine . 
  banning something because of a few dickheads seems like surrendering to idiocy . 
  we mostly already netted them due to the ease with which the eu make intra-european prosecution , another thing we can wave goodbye to outside of europe . 
  then it 's the responsibility of the sick/aggressive dog owner to keep their dog away from the unleashed dog , or use a muzzle when in public . 
  why should the majority of dogs not be able to run around free because you dog is sick/ill-trained/aggressive . 
  your system is stupid and barbarous . 
  trust americans to be too stupid to take responsibility for unleashed dogs . 
  it 's cruel that you do n't allow your dogs to experience the world off a leash . 
  #only applies in nazi ger -- i mean the usa, 
  you 're really obsessed with this are n't you you dog fearing coward . 
  in europe we love dogs , and thus give them freedoms american dogs do n't have . 
  you disrespect animal kind by constantly keeping it on lead in public like a toy for your amusement . 
  where do you get off being cruel to animals ? 
  or train your fucking dog and stop doing to it whatever your doing to it to cause it to be aggressive . 
  seems only america has some phobia of unleashed dogs . 
  just be glad you do n't live in the country where guns are just dandy but an unleashed dog is a deadly weapon . 
  we do n't have leash laws and almost never have problems because we 're overall more responsible and smarter than people on your continent i 'm afraid . 
  the attitude is if your dog jumps up at people on public then you have an ill trained dog and it should be back to training . 
  a bit like how we mostly manage to get by without suing each other for every minor grievance unlike your mates south of the border . 
  honestly , lived my whole life in countries without leash laws and never seen it remotely as a problem ever , never heard anyone complain about the lack of laws about it either . 
  north american dog owners just sound like dreadful people who think everyone else 's dog is inferior and thus unworthy of play with their dog . 
  look the facts mean you can only be wrong . 
  large and successful ( and more densely populous ) nations like germany ( notorious for its love of rules and order ) , the netherlands , and the uk get by just fine without blanket leash laws . 
  in fact i 've never heard anyone complain about it ever . 
  it 's entirely expected for their to be unleashed domestic dogs in a park . 
  thus the problems you are having can only be the result of the owners and the dog owner culture . 
  dogs that do anything other than run around and sniff each others arses when approached by another dog are poorly socialised dogs . 
  there 's a large park down the road from me with literally hundreds of unleashed dogs everyday and i 've never seen a single problem . 
  in fact in my 30ish years it 's never been problem when dogs approached me in the park or countryside . 
  in fact the only problems i 've ever heard of involve white trash with dogs deliberately bred to be aggressive . 
  if it can work for 3 high hdi countries , why ca n't it work for you ? 
  of course it could , you 're just not willing to adopt the right mentality . 
  if it works elsewhere the problem can not be the dogs , it can only be the owners ( it 's becoming transparently clear that in the us the attitude is my dog  your dog , and with such a petulant childish mentality i can see why you need laws ) . 
  if it can work in other countries but it ca n't in na then the problem can not be the dogs , it can only be the owners . 
  it 's not that outlandish to conclude that the countries that can unproblematically get by without such laws have smarter and more responsible dog owners . 
   having your dog off leash is a good way to get it killed or stolen . 
  only if you live in a nation where people think it 's ok to kill unleashed dogs ... : /, 
  not remotely . 
  i 'm just having a laugh at all the americans saying how unleashed dogs are a social ill while we 've got unleashed dogs all over the place and a lower rate of violent dog incidents too . 
  fact is what i 'm saying is absolutely true . 
  if european dogs can play nice without being constantly leashed in public then it can only be a cultural thing as dogs are the same regardless of where you go . 
  somethings i 've noted :, 
  - some americans seem to get off at the idea of having the right to shoot your unleashed dogs . 
  - some americans freak out when approached by a dog as if it were a potential killer even if they do n't own one themselves . 
  - american dog owners do not seem to want their dogs to interact with your ( obviously ) inferior dog and thus get paranoid when dogs approach each other in the park . 
  this is 100 % a culture thing , whereas some idiots in this thread are going to great lengths to make it seem like an objective fact that unleashed dogs should n't be allowed . 
  just last week i was sitting in a park watching an unleashed cocker spaniel interact with a labrador , the dogs ran around with each and played while the unacquainted owners made small talk . 
  in fact i think a big part of why people whole dogs here is for this kind of interaction with other dog owners . 
  it was the cutest thing ever . 
  i feel sorry for your na folk who will never experience this and have convinced yourself to see something wrong in it . 
   unless you 're in an off-leash dog park or other area where off-leash dogs are allowed . 
  in most of europe this is everywhere except built up areas . 
  we have very few problems with it , few enough for the issue to be negligible . 
  this is a shitty attitude and you know it . 
  very few people in built up countries have enough space to walk their dogs on their property . 
  society deals with this by holding dog owners to higher standards than the us . 
  it 's called a degree of collectivism perhaps you should try it . 
  guy was an attorney and did n't break a single law . 
  incidents like this are rare . 
  free the dogs man . 
  yeah , the culture of keeping the dog at home is probably a big factor too . 
  lots of people here live in cities and towns where property prices do n't allow most people to have large gardens . 
  thus their dogs are constantly out and about with them seeing other dogs and interacting with them . 
  in fact , it would be almost impossible to own a dog here in the city if it could n't play nice with other dogs . 
  it 's just assume that you can get your dog to be friendly or otherwise will take responsibility for it and not let it off leash . 
  if you 're in an environmentally endangered or protected habitat there will be signs telling you to leash your dogs . 
  that said , a well trained dog should not be leaving your side to chase animals in the bush . 
  it sounds like dogs are perceived completely differently here , much less of a threat or nuance . 
  it makes no difference though , in much of europe we get by with unleashed and leashed dogs interacting with each other in the public parks without any complications . 
  so while you may see leash aggression as a huge problem , that is obviously a false belief as the lower rate of dog violence in countries like germany attests to ( just to point out that by logical necessity if leash aggression were a serious problem then countries that allowed leashed and unleashed dogs to be present in public spaces would have more problems with it ) . 
  do n't blame the dogs blame the owners ( and by that i 'm not saying that you personally are a bad owner , but your country must have more bad undisciplined owners to warrant such harsh measures ) . 
  perhaps think a little bit harder as to whether your point actually affects anything next time ? 
  thanks :d, 
  edit : i can also add that i can understand why this might be shocking to you and why you might want to reject the idea that unleashed dogs in public can work , you 've been told a certain narrative about dog care your whole life and it 's easier just to accept that as absolute truth than question it , but i 'm just trying to make you aware that there are places in the world where dogs roam free in non-built up areas unproblematically and the difference is more culture than factual . 
  edit2 : or just downvote anything that does n't fit your worldview , that 's the standard reaction these days anyway .
