  hmm i 'm weird . 
  i 'm british but i live in europe that would be why . 
  also i 'd like to thank my family , friends , my postman , the guys working in the supermarket and god for this award . 
  what planet are you on mate ? 
  this is not a gigantic windfall , it 's no more than a lot of people receive in their inheritance . 
  it does n't even qualify him for the doomed financially incompetent millionaire winner category . 
  teleport into the arrivals area before border patrol . 
  just make sure to carry your passport at all times . 
  obviously they 'd have to know about your waypoint !, 
  no point going to the airport if it 's a secret . 
  yeah he was n't the best in the world or anything , but i do n't think he claimed to be . 
  the man can sing , that 's enough , the rest of being an artist like he is is about image and showmanship , not all good popular music artists need be outstanding vocalists . 
  world stereotypes ? 
  more like american stereotypes of the world . 
  i imagine that the author represents britannia , as in the britannic islands , in a single colour . 
  northern and southern ireland are clearly divided . 
  place names probably did n't get updated very quickly in those days . 
  actually no one said that , but you ca n't deny the average american does n't show a great interest in world affairs . 
  that said i do n't think it 's 100 % to do with homophobia and partially to do with ceos not being hugely public figures . 
  so if you do have a gay ceo which some of those companies undoubtedly do , why announce it to the world when you risk alienating homophobic shareholders and do n't have that much pressure from the wider public and media to show yourself . 
  being ceo of apple is a bit of anomaly insofar as people will show far more interest in you than were you the ceo of a company that did something far more mundane . 
  take it as a compliment , not many people really know what the average canadian or mexican thinks . 
  is n't that the point though . 
  it 's a stereotype because it 's true of a large number of americans , nobody thinks that means it 's true of 100 % of americans , just a significant chunk e.g. 
  more that 50 % . 
  i do n't really agree with that to be frank . 
  in europe you do n't haves to look to other cultures either , but there exists an attitude that if you do n't you are being ignorant . 
  this attitude does n't exist in the us . 
  although i will concede that my native uk is n't that much better , although we at least look to other anglophone cultures and to some degree to france for cultural otherness . 
  well that is interesting . 
  i 've always found it fascinating that we know about evolution and what a slow process it is , yet any kind of known civilisation has only been around for what ? 
  10,000 years ? 
  i do n't even know but the earliest stuff i know about is babylonian era stuff . 
  i 've heard explanations about this saying before a certain time civilisation was impossible because we had n't invented agriculture so we were all just tribal hunter gathers living nomadic lifestyles . 
  but we know that our ancestors 50,000 years ago were virtually genetically identical to us , is it realistic to think they would n't notice that crops can be grown through human artifice . 
  perhaps there have been many cycles of human civilisation over the last few hundred thousand years , but then some cataclysmic event comes along , killing a huge percent of the population , the ensuing chaos resets our knowledge back to scavenger tribe level . 
  i do n't think it 's so hard to imagine . 
  if 90 % of human died tomorrow we 'd never be able to maintain our knowledge . 
  within a few generations we 'd be looking at the ruins of skyscrapers and saying that this must have surely been the work of the gods . 
  it might take another 5,000 years for modern civilisation to rise again leaving us thinking it was the first time all over again . 
  not to mention that giants that apparently lived on earth before the great flood . 
  is n't more interesting that evolution is a process that takes millions of years , yet civilisation just popped up 17k years ago ? 
  who 's `` you people '' ? 
  i think they 're confusing upper class with loadsa money . 
  actually i disagree . 
  i remember kids getting bullied at my school and the ones that got targeted most were always the ones who reacted most strongly too it . 
  the advice is n't meant to be literal , blanking them and completely ignoring them wo n't work because in a way that 's just another reaction , and a challenge to get a reaction out you . 
  however not allowing yourself to show a strong reaction is key to not giving bullies what they want . 
  most bullies are bored kids who think the reaction they get is hilarious , they naturally gravitate towards the few people they think give the funniest reaction to their torment , if someone wises up and stops giving so much of a shit it increases the chances the bullies will move on to a target that provides what they 're looking for . 
  the only time this does n't work is when the bully is motivated out of nastier motivations than sadistic humour and these tend to be the more fucked up types that are n't doing it for immature kicks but to feel power . 
  i went to an old fashioned all boys school and the former type of bullying was very common since the attitude was so tribal , it 's almost like boys that age have instinctive urges to pick on the weak , and strong emotional reactions to being messed around with psychologically were the ultimate sign of weakness . 
  there was a hell of a lot of what you might call gaslighting , hiding people 's property , large groups conspiring to cause someone trouble , for example the whole class telling someone they need to go to one place for sports when in fact it was somewhere else and then all collectively lying about it afterwards . 
  in some ways it was institutionalised in the ethos of the school that you just had to be able to handle this and win the respect of your peers , which i 'm not condoning in any way . 
  but it still remains true that a lot of bullies can be put off by having a thick skin and not providing the reaction they find amusing . 
  i do n't hate the class system particularly , i do n't know where you are but i can assure you the class system is still alive and well in parts of the world . 
  personally i think being intellectual , cultural and having a sense of good taste are far more admirable virtues than having loads of money in the bank . 
  being a snob is different of course , that means you look down at those who are unlike you with disdain and consider them lesser human beings . 
  but striving to be more cultured , intellectual and stylish is an admirable quality , these days it 's not a matter of birthright but a matter of lifestyle and attitude to life . 
  certainly some of the wealthiest people have no taste at all , for example thinking that dressing up like someone with no money and living a very tough life when in truth you have a big house in suburbia and a bunch of cars on the drive would suggest you 've got no taste whatsoever . 
  i have no idea why it 's the notion of being upper class that gets demonised when it 's this attitude that extols self-awareness about wealth and the attitude that money is n't everything , whilst the loadsa money types tend more towards being crass and vulgar with their cash believing wealth is the only factor that matters and those that do n't have it merely a joke to be ridiculed . 
  pretty much . 
  people get kicks watching others lose their cool . 
  funnily the same was true of teachers . 
  those who got hot-headed and emotional , indignant and blustered in the face of poor student behaviour and disrespect were always the ones who had the most behavioural problems in their classes . 
  teachers who learnt to be detached and wryly sarcastic in the face of aggravation were respected and generally got a much easier time . 
  you get it completely . 
  imo the prime bullying targets were generally a combination of being less developed than the peer group , people who were late to puberty and less intimidating , being emotionally sensitive , so they could n't hide their emotional reactions , and usually the types that secretly craved the approval of their peers , which is why they 'd react so strongly and also would make them more easily manipulated . 
  there 's no doubt kids are cruel at that age and they understand this shit way better than you 'd think . 
  looking to higher authority to fix the problem was usually the worst thing you could do because it was basically an admission that you could n't handle yourself in this world , only serving to harbour deeper resentment . 
  glad you got yourself out of that place . 
  well at least you learnt a hard life lesson at an early age . 
  sounds like it affected you properly . 
  i remember once telling this kid we were on the completely different side of town than we were . 
  he walked about 2 miles then got the train to meet us . 
  when he got there he called and we just ignored him for about an hour . 
  then we phoned him and told him where we actually were . 
  so then he gets the train back and walks about a mile in the other direction . 
  when he got there we just ignored him for the first hour and kept laughing saying he was still in the other place . 
  yeah we were little bastards at that age . 
  there 's a happy medium . 
  we admire the american attitude of actually trying to provide service , please customers etc. 
  rather than having some weird idea that providing service to customers is demeaning and just being rude/unhelpful . 
  however i think britons also like their service to be a bit more deferential and impersonal , too much friendliness seems insincere and familiar . 
  you know you can just change one . txt file in your client and play on the us servers with your old accounts . 
  sure you 'll have a slightly worse ping but generally the ping to the east coast servers from the eu is n't that terrible . 
  usually just something like 80ms instead of 20ms in my experience . 
  plenty of eu players have got gladiator playing on the na servers , so it 's not that big a deal . 
  there 's also a good chance that the us gms and eu gms were both in ireland . 
  yeah at first but if you could n't make it work you 'd eventually just start targeting someone more fun to take the piss out of , trust me i 've been on both sides of the situation . 
  pretty much . 
  you would n't believe some of the fuck ups that came out of that school . 
  one guy 's doing a life sentence for putting a gun in someone 's face . 
  other kids that had serious coke habits and had to be sent to rehab at 16 . 
  a combination of rich sometimes neglective parents , and an aggressive competitive male atmosphere designed to `` toughen '' one up . 
  some kids just could n't adapt to it . 
  the traditional british public ( fee paying ) has a dark side to it that ca n't just be a coincidence . 
  not always an option though . 
  especially if they 're going to take it further than you will . 
  i remember a kid from a different school who was n't able to walk out the school gates and had to be picked up inside the grounds simply because the whole school had turned against him and wanted to beat him up . 
  eventually he had to change schools after some kids tried to tip his parents car over with his dad and him inside .
