  it 's similar to saying north america is a fucked up place because nicaragua . 
  to be fair that 's taught in tefl too , to avoid the common mistakes like `` say me it '' `` explain me it '' ,, 
  they may well have had insurance , just not the kind that covers rioting . 
  haters from / r/childfree in here, 
  what are you talking about . 
  the word in ancient greek ended in the letter that was used as the plural marker `` a '' but was not plural . 
  therefore the word in english ends with the plural marker `` s '' but is not plural . 
  just like physics , linguistics , athletics , logistics , mechanics , politics and so on . 
  if anything this is an argument for maths . 
  oh i should , should i ? 
  maybe you should try not to sound like a sanctimonious neckbeard , perhaps ? 
  you should think twice before offering strangers hugs, 
  you should not tell people it 's a safe place . 
  you should n't be so repetitive on a high quality content site for elite neckbeards like reddit . 
  [ my application for permission to criticise the usa please ] ( http://imgur.com/8wj9odk ), 
  god this one annoys me so much , because it 's pure ethnocentrism at its worst . 
  it 's not even retard patriotism under the pretence of being a joke . 
  americans actually believe this shit in their heart of hearts . 
  it 's been demonstrated that whenever someone sings that virtually all the consonants that stand out in their accent are greatly reduced , and vowels are actually less important markers . 
  singers get away with rhyming all sorts of shit and nobody mentions it . 
  i mean an extreme example is an opera singer , would you really say that someone singing opera is singing with an accent ? 
  it 's completely indiscernible , which is why most will perform in 3-4 or languages despite not sounding like fluent native speakers when speaking in those languages , as long as you hit the right vowels nobody will notice you 're not really german/italian or whatever . 
  i mean the people with strong noticeable accents when they sing are the ones who are actively trying to keep that accent there . 
  singing just is n't something that strongly demonstrates accents , because the accents we recognise are for the spoken form of the language . 
  it 's literally true of everyone that when they hear someone singing in a regular kind of way that it sounds closer to their own mode of speaking to them than if they were to hear that speaker using their speaking voice , because the qualities that define an accent are less prominent in the voice used for singing . 
  we may as well ask why american singers sound british or irish singers sound australian . 
  fuck these morons who upvote this shit . 
  yes , but do they mean no insurance whatsoever or no insurance to cover what happened . 
  i mean i 'm sure they have car insurance . 
  does that mean they have `` no insurance '' . 
  they could well be just dumbing down the explanation for the audience , either way the impact is the same . 
  they wo n't be covered for this incident . 
  do n't trust newsreaders to be entirely accurate . 
  no idea how you did it so fast mr fast fingers . 
  that said my brain is [ filled with more important information ] ( http://imgur.com/icvkwkw ) [ and of course ] ( http://imgur.com/ilpfeec ), 
  / r/thesoundofsilence, 
  i think you just won reddit, 
  where the fuck do you get off ? 
  of course turning yourself in should give you a significantly lesser punishment . 
  do you want to teach people the law is unjust and just looking to punish whoever it catches rather than whoever acts most in contrary to it . 
  nobody is saying someone who robs someone should get community service , but probably should be looking at half the sentence of someone who robs someone and does n't turn himself in . 
  just as the person who breaks something and then confesses and offers to pay the damages should n't be looking at anything like the punishment of someone who breaks something , does n't turn himself in and gets caught for it . 
  seems fucked to me still . 
  he 's on trial for vandalism is he not ? 
  criminal damage ? 
  whatever . 
  he 's not on trial for participating in a riot , fyi that 's not a crime until you actually harm someone or something . 
  on the assumption that he 's merely being charged with breaking something no grounds to consider him a danger to society , therefore he should n't be in jail at all . 
  he should be charged , indicted and given a court date . 
  if he does n't appear it 'll only result in a warrant for his arrest so why bother having this bail shit over someone who has n't even harmed another person . 
  this is a gross exploitation of the system to try to make an example of someone , a scapegoating making this individual suffer for what other rioters have done , seems massively unjust to me . 
  what a fucked up mentality , no wonder the us prison system is so vast with people who believe this supporting it . 
  so majestic !, 
  to be fair he did spell farther , which is a homophone with father in most english accents asides a few rural ones . 
  sadly this was not the father we were looking for . 
  if you watch toast of london you 'll see matt berry is the master of the mispronunciation . 
  what a cunt you must be . 
  firstly he probably did n't even know about the daughter until the point when the programme contacted him . 
  either the mother was unable to contact him or had n't bothered until now . 
  do you expect everyone to keep in contact with their one night stands ? 
  could it be that he was younger , had a one night stand with a woman in a town a few hundred miles away , they lose touch with each other , and it was n't until a few weeks later that the woman realised she 'd become pregnant . 
  secondly , the tv programme might not give a shit when they ca n't profit from you by having you air your dirty laundry on television , but that 's exactly why they are scum . 
  since he 's adamant he wants no part in the programme you 'd think the least they could do is pass his information onto the mother and daughter , but rather , being the lowlifes they are , they 're essentially blackmailing him to go on the programme or else be forever unable to contact his daughter . 
  thirdly he may have publicised himself by sharing this video , but he has little alternative , short of hiring some kind of private agency or taking the studios to court , given that there are something like 53 million people in england alone . 
  additionally this publicity is nothing compared the the kind of negative publicity he 'd receive by going on that programme , which is basically just a parade of unemployable deadbeats who go on it for a free nights stay in a travelodge with a paid for minibar . 
  perhaps he 's happy to publicise himself on the internet because it 's under his control rather than being berated by a smug cunt called jeremy kyle . 
  ultimately , he 's doing the right thing by trying to contact his estranged daughter and baby momma now that he 's been made aware of them , and he 's also raising awareness of how shitty the studios that make programmes like this are . 
  the only unfortunate thing is that he 's been an absentee father for 14 years but that could n't have been helped given the circumstances . 
  why do n't you climb off your high horse for a moment and pull your head from your upper intestine . 
  ergh . 
  if you ca n't understand why it 's unethical for them to withhold the information about him after he 's plainly refused to go on the programme then there is no hope for you as a human being . 
  what you 're talking about is not `` an exchange '' . 
  an exchange need involve something someone wants but does n't have an existing entitlement to . 
  i 'm pretty sure that most people would agree that if you know someone 's has a child out there that want 's to know their father and you have a good idea who the father is and the father wants to know who the child is you have a moral obligation to pass that information on . 
  furthermore i 'm pretty sure by posting this online he has `` done his own legwork '' , so that point is moot . 
  also the programme deserves insulting , it 's exploitative and this kind of ` go on our programme or you 'll never know your daughter ' shit is a perfect example of how it 's exploitive , as well as taking advantage of some of the dumbest people in the english speaking world . 
  you argument is cruel , selfish and judgemental . 
  you know it is actually ok to ask for others ' help occasionally ? 
  merely enquiring as to whether anyone knows about something is not asking other people do something difficult or strenuous on your behalf without compensation , do you tip the shopkeeper every time you ask where the eggs are ? 
  seriously fuck off with your twisted morality arsewipe . 
  information about someone 's possible estranged child is not a good or service that is used in a monetary exchange moron . 
  no one is asking them to be a charity by passing on a phone number . 
  asking other people if they might know who a person is ?!, 
  without payment !, 
  it 's downright commie-socialism that 's what it is !, 
  i blame obama ... 
  is there a tier below castle-forged ? 
  like `` dodgy blacksmith in the back end of gin alley-forged steel '' ? 
  any news on whether meereenian fighting pits will be re-implemented next patch ? 
  the different 7/11s i experienced in the usa . 
  the whole world could n't compare to that diversity !, 
  anti-american circlejerk !, 
  seriously `` world news '' is a cesspit , i think all the angriest patriots got bored in `` news '' due to a lack of europeans to argue with . 
  oh yeah because there are so many programmes ( from anywhere in the world ) that reach sherlock 's level . 
  there are n't many other 's i 'd get so excited about in the last 10 years . 
  i was surprised by peaky blinders ' success outside the uk , although i definitely rate it as one of the best programmes around right now . 
  then again i 've always considered brummies to be the most americanish of british people , loud , brash in some respects , unashamedly interested in cash and not afraid to show it . 
  southerners are too class structured and northerners too into their northern solidarity nonsense . 
  not to mention their love of cars and big houses . 
  then i always thought the concept of birmingham was foreign to non-brits , it 's a city that 's rarely touted as one of britain 's strong points , with what most people consider a hideous accent , urban poverty and high crime ( for the uk at least ) .
