  yes i have , many times . 
  as i said , to say there is no plan for this is about as realistic as saying there 's no plan for what to do if the president is kidnapped . 
  just because the average white house security guy does n't know the plan , does n't mean there is n't one . 
  and just because it 's never happened , and is incredibly unlikely to happen , does n't mean there 's no plan . 
  a single crashed commercial plane is a loss of billions of dollars , when you account for settlements , loss of revenue and god knows what else . 
  something a company will pay off over years of insurance payments . 
  if you do n't think it 's worth playing a few guys to draw up a plan for a talk down scenario you are so fucking stupid and living on another planet . 
  look to anyone who is n't an idiot and understands anything about how the government and big business functions , even a little bit in terms of liability and risk , it 's perfectly evident there 's a plan . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're too stupid to realise this . 
  you 're making you 're look ridiculously foolish , it 's quite funny really . 
  and responses like these are why you 're an obnoxious child who needs to fuck off . 
  now run along like an idiot thinking that nobody has ever planned for this situation . 
  clearly in your world billion dollar financial risks are left up to chance because it 's `` too expensive '' to make a plan . 
  there was no financial incentive for the uk not to ban sonic booms , the uk is so small that it did n't matter if concorde when sonic over it or not . 
  the us was a different story . 
  you misunderstand me . 
  it did n't matter if concorde when supersonic over the uk or not from a business perspective because doing so would probably only knock minutes off the overall flight time . 
  obviously if it had then it would have pissed people off . 
  also i 'll add that while the uk is densely populated for europe , it 's nothing compared to parts of asia . 
  a billion dollars is an estimation , it may well be more . 
  i 've never worked in aviation insurance , only profession liability . 
  but a plane is an asset worth 300 + million dollars , the cost of legal fees + settlements for those killed in the crash will run into the hundreds of millions if it 's a large plane . 
  there will be fines from all sorts of government agencies , then you 've got the cost of contributing to any rescue / retrieval operations , do n't forget the cost of the investigation into why it happened , and then finally there 's the loss of revenue due to people choosing other airlines . 
  yeah , you 're looking a fucking lot of money . 
  hiring a few guys to draw up a contingency plane for a double pilot incapacitation scenario , way too expensive , those consultancy fees are n't cheap you know !, 
  better just leave it up to chance . 
  still it was a feasible work around . 
  flying ny to la without going supersonic over land though ? 
  that does n't work . 
  no i do n't . 
  scots is only spoken by a small percentage of the population in scotland . 
  it 's like english , but it 's as spoken in robert burns ' day . 
  the majority of scottish people do n't speak scots but speak english , which is probably why you 're confused . 
  sure , now it is / would be . 
  i 'm more lamenting the fact that imo commercial supersonic planes were never given a fair chance to thrive . 
  if the us had come to a compromise and let supersonic planes nip across the mid-west and down the eastern seaboard the concept might have thrived better and today we might have a new generation of supersonic passenger planes , instead the idea was a poison chalice from the moment the us passed that law . 
  meh , i 'm about 95kg ( 210lb ) and never sweated it , i 'm sure you 'll be fine at 260lb . 
  340lb however , that 's over a 1/3 more weight . 
  i 'm worried this guy will put pressure somewhere his body is not used to an snap a bone/joint . 
  as an aggressive blader ( although less so than i used to be ) my only advice is that anyone over about 180lb should ride their skates flat for cruising around on the street , and only used an anti-rockered, 
  setup in areas where 's good flat surfaces like a decent skatepark . 
  this is because a larger mass + small wheels + 4 wheels + fucked up uneven pavement is a bad combination , and will wear your wheels down fast ( cheaper wheels may even crumble and chunk ) . 
  if you want to both travel and do tricks it 's wise to have two sets of frames and swap them depending on what you 're doing once you 're no longer a skinny teen . 
  dat comments section doe, 
  was n't really a `` purchase '' because it came in a package but the usd stock wheels that game with my new razors crumbled to nothing literally within a few hours of skating over ordinary imperfect paving . 
  made a thread about it, 
  as a british person i occasionally get shit of redditors for using words like `` whilst '' and `` amongst '' , but hearing that hipster say `` amidst '' makes me see why that gets hate in the us . 
  [ this guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ab3swe4d-qw ) still wins the most pretentious award in my book . 
  i 'm impressed he did n't swear once . 
  nice ramble lol, 
  i thought you 'd gone away . 
  sounds like a good idea to me . 
   more my experience in multinational companies , it seems those that learn english as a second language , prefer that they would have taken american accented english courses, 
  no , europeans are n't crazy like the asian countries , unlike many asians they understand that english is english , and that different countries versions of the language are n't some bizarre mutually unintelligible dialects , therefore they do n't care that much about the nationality of the teacher , although there is a strong preference for native speakers . 
  anecdotally in asia i hear they 've got some misguided ideas about english generally . 
  they assume that because the chinese spoken on one side of the country is very hard to understand for someone on the other side , it must be the same amongst the english speaking nations . 
  lazy students in asia are also liable to blame the accent of the teacher if they do n't understand , rather than admit their english is n't as good as they thought it to be . 
  also europeans tend to meet a wider variety of english speaking nationalities , so they appreciate they need to understand more than one dialect of english . 
  really asia is alone in its preference for american accents , maybe because the us has influenced the culture there more than europe has . 
  amongst german multinationals i see mostly a slight preference for british speakers due to many of those companies have operations or headquarters in london . 
  also across europe british english is taught almost exclusively . 
  my employers in europe have typically striven to ensure a wide range of nationalities are represented in their companies , including britons , yanks , irish , south africans , australians , indians and so forth . 
  the swiss have residency rights across the eu, 
  how many rights britons lose will depend on what kind of deal the government strikes with the eu . 
  if the eu deal is something like a the swiss deal ( albeit not identical ) , it could be the freedom of labour is retained . 
  ironically the uk really needs eu migrants , and the uk government know this , so they 'd love to retain freedom of movement , but a segment of the population are anti-immigration . 
  not in my experience . 
  most of the europeans i 've taught have told me they prefer british english due to its being perceived as proper . 
  of course what they mean is they want bbc broadcast standard english . 
  that explains why you 're still here then . 
  now run along and do whatever dumb shit it is you do , and leave the adults to plan for contingencies so you can enjoy greater security and safety with no appreciation for how much people are doing behind the scenes . 
  my experience is in professional liability , that means insuring the engineers who will face multi-million dollar lawsuits if the component they produce / designed is what 's responsible for a crash that may well cost the airline over a billion dollars . 
  it does at least give me some understanding of the degree of planning and preparation that goes into large scale corporate venture . 
  an understanding you could damn well do with mr. too expensive to make a plan sam . 
  yeah , i just meant it sound pretentious coming from him , my ears being so accustomed to yanks saying things like `` amid , among , while '' etc. 
  i 'm not saying he 's not talented , he is , however , ridiculously pretentious . 
  yes , i 'm talking about those companies , from what i 've heard in europe there 's a slight preference toward british english , at least at their european branches , but at a higher level they will designate teachers depending on what nationality they work with . 
  imo the preference for us english is an asian phenomena . 
   totally . 
  it would n't be expensive to give all of the atc in the country access to on-call pilots for every possible type of airplane, 
  ah yes , because there being a plan and there being on-call pilots for every possible aeroplane are totally the same thing . 
  all this shit about on-call pilots is something you 've invented yourself that has nothing to do with anything i said . 
  you keep mentioning atc too , when what i 'm saying has absolutely nothing to do with them , yet you continue to bang on about them . 
  do you see why this discussion is futile yet ? 
  you keep making it about things that i never even said , so the debate gets nowhere . 
  my assertion was a very simple one : there exists at least one document in the entire world , at some agency or corporate office or equivalent , discussing what to do if a plane has two incapacitated pilots and no other pilots on board , and exploring what to do in such a scenario . 
  that is literally all that needs to exist for me to be right , because that 's all i ever meant . 
  still you continue to bang on about on-call pilots and atc staff , defending this one random redditor 's statement that `` he knows of no plan '' as if it were the words of an omnipresent deity . 
  i 'm not backpedalling at all i 've made it perfectly clear that that was what i meant all along , you 're just too full of crap to actually pay attention to what i said , one of the first things i did was retract any mention of the atc . 
  i am right , which is why i 'm insisting on it , if you knew anything about high level risk management and the degree of energy that 's devoted to it then you 'd know about it . 
   an atc said there 's no plan and your rebuttal is `` but he did n't say there 's not one . '', 
  to quote him, 
   i know there 's no plan ( at least from the atc perspective ), 
  when asked if other organisations that might have a plan, 
   no idea . 
  could be . 
   that 's actually your argument at this point . 
  no , my argument is that any underwriter worth his salt in anything this massive is going to ask about emergency procedures and what they 've got plans of action for . 
  you do n't seem to get that it 's worth writing a plan for these kind of unlikely events just to shave a few thousand a year off their insurance costs . 
  you evidently think this in an instance of that `` awful '' attitude you hate which is `` this makes sense to me that there are experts trained on this particular thing .
