  if you wanted to compare logical positivism with dualism you 'd be better off comparing a.j ayers with descartes . 
  but frankly it would more interesting for me to compare kant 's synthetic a priori knowledge with logical positivism , since those are the classically truly opposing philosophies on this matter . 
  why would you be swarmed with moths ? 
  are you sleeping with the light on ? 
  to be fair , many aristocratic britons pronounce it `` ruum '' , just listen to downton abbey . 
  i 've always pronounced it mem for some reason , i know it 's wrong but it feels less vulgar in my accent . 
  i 'm british and even i do n't know how to say leominster . 
  thank god i 've never had to go there . 
  everyone has been wrong so far . 
  it 's luff-bruh, 
  nope, 
  close but not cigar, 
  god no !, 
  it 's actually ca-cough-fonny, 
  superlative . 
  it 's soo-per-la-tiv . 
  not super-lay-tiv, 
  how can you say fire wrong ? 
  what were you saying ? 
  they are phonetic in french ? 
  - au in the french pronunciation is n't rare in english , think of chauffeur . 
  it 's [ edin-bruh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xxm7enmeh1u ) to most people, 
  i 'd pretty indifferent to tea , taking off your shirt in public is chavvy but i 'm a big fan of black pudding . 
  to be fair i 've never had cause to go to herefordshire , and even if i did , leominster being a town with the grand population for 11 thousand it would n't be top of the list ? 
  do i pass or should i start packing my bags ? 
  i 'll only hear the queen 's !, 
  the text in english is as follows :, 
  the word < < fake   . 
  during long times , i have pronounced like < < faux , `` in lieu of the good '' enemy . 
  stupid non-phonetics of the french words . 
  [ they burn our ears ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xnnyddldrn8 ) , nice to see you again by the way you always seem to pop up when pronunciation is involved . 
  tagged you as `` fellow phonetics enthusiast '', 
  i was wondering , i 've been looking for a tool where i can type in ipa and then have an artificial voice pronounce what i 've written , do you know of one ? 
  i 've used ipa audio charts before but never found anything like this . 
  i think writing whole words or even sentences in ipa and then listening to them back to see if they 're correct would be a good way to improve . 
  damn , i really wanted to write things out in full in ipa to sharpen my skills :(, 
  this applies to plenty of english sentences . 
  would n't you be suitable ? 
  would you not be suitable ? 
  should n't he go ? 
  should he not go ? 
  have n't you done it ? 
  have you not done it ? 
  my accent is pretty much as close to rp as it gets , at least in people of the under 30 age group . 
  i just think that if i could practice interactively by writing things out in ipa , then playing them back to see if they sound correct i 'd retain a lot more than by checking the dictionary or endless messing around with charts :( someone should really make a tool like this !, 
  it 's not so much a bad film . 
  i just think it 's unfortunate that it was made when it was . 
  the dune novel is truly epic , but the film is a archetypal 80 's sci-fi style piece that is quirky and interesting . 
  it has plenty of worthwhile qualities , some of the sets and costumes are just phenomenal , as well as the way they portrayed some of the elements of the dune universe . 
  however looking back it 's very much a film limited to it 's production time period , they did their best to project the scale of the dune universe but were working with very limited possibilities . 
  anyone nowadays can see that with a decent budget , a talented director and the same intend to create a thought provoking sci-fi flick that avoids some of the corniness in the original film then a truly epic film could be created . 
  sadly it 's not something that i would count on for certain , it 's far easier to pump budgets into truly banal people pleasing sci-fi that even the dumbest of us will enjoy than try and rework an epic that 's already been tinged by having a quirky but somewhat campy version already available :(, 
  that 's complete utter nonsense , the sentence you 've quoted is n't `` colloquial '' in any sense of the term , but rather absolutely correct modern english going back a very long time . 
  you could n't be more wrong either , `` you have '' is n't infinitive , it 's finite . 
  infinitive is not the technical name for a pronoun verb compound , in fact a pronoun verb compound is always finite , because that 's virtually the definition of a finite verb . 
  a non-finite verb is a verb that is detached from its subject , and an infinitive is a sub-category of nonfinite verb . 
  in english the infinitive always takes '' - to '' . 
  thus `` to have '' would be infinitive , as in `` i love to have children '' - `` i love '' is finite in this case . 
  please do n't spread incorrect information around , especially not on matters as basic as this . 
  it takes a real idiot to deliver completely wrong information with the confidence you seem to be displaying . 
  that aside it 's perfectly acceptable for adverbs to take the position between the pronoun and the verb , even in the most formal documents . 
  furthermore splitting infinitives is n't really wrong either , it 's considered bad form in the same way ending a sentence with a preposition is . 
  however it 's not technically incorrect and has been done since shakespeare 's day . 
  i think you 're in a very small minority if you do n't think they 're strange . 
  you will find constructions like this in very old texts but it 's not standard english . 
  i was n't saying it did n't ? 
  i guess i put it 's because you 're responding with a statement but you 're doing so in an interrogative type of way . 
  yes i 'm stating `` i was n't saying it did n't '' , but i 'm doing so in a way that 's trying to raise the question , why the hell would you think otherwise ? 
  hw\u00e6t !, 
  w\u0113 g\u0101r-dena in \u0121e\u0101r-dagum , sounds fine to me . 
  out of curiosity why ? 
  zed is for traumatised ? 
  what ? 
  he has weed from before the birth of christ :o, 
  this is awesome but would be even better if you made it longer and covered some other movies  we need moar ... 
  what you do n't seem to be getting is that rp was pushed as the `` proper '' way to speak english for many years . 
  it was created roughly based on how well off educated people in the south of england spoke . 
  yet it was an artificial standardisation created for the purposes of broadcast , since there was still variation amongst those groups of speakers . 
  when it was the broadcast standard it affected the accents of many people especially those who wished to portray themselves as educated and well off . 
  for this reason in more modern times it gained a stigma as a bit silly , most rp speakers toned down their accents because very conservative rp sounds comical . 
  because the standardisation was based on a certain demographic it has inexorable class and also regional associations , owing to the fact that the south east has been the wealthiest part of the uk for a long time . 
  nowadays people are vehemently against the idea of there being a `` standard british accent '' because it 's supporting the idea that some very ancient regional speech mannerisms are inherently wrong . 
  nowadays in advertising it 's plain to see that natural sounding accents with some remaining regional traits increase sales by seeming more trustworthy and honest . 
  that said what you hear on television are very much watered down educated regional accents to ensure they are understood by everyone . 
  you 're far less likely to hear genuinely thick accents , the lucazade ad you put up could be considered an exception , because the voice actor has a quite strong london urban ethnic accent , which was probably chosen to appeal to a young market due to it 's `` cool '' perception . 
  i 'll also add that some products do still advertise with modernised rp accents , such as [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d2b_jtb1mkm ) because they 're making a product that will appeal mostly to middle class older shoppers and want to appear classy and traditional . 
  however you 're not going to sell to youth demographics or budget markets this way . 
  arguable there is a broadcast standard still which is something like a mix of rp and ee , either a very watered down rp or an ee accent that 's been made more standardised to the point it no longer screams london . 
  this could be considered something like a neutral southern accent , insofar as you 'd be able to tell the speaker was vaguely from the south of england but not know whereabouts . 
  this is typically the accent you might hear automated announcements at the train station in . 
  actually it 's learn-gold !, 
  the ultimate gold learning qualification, 
  honestly i think you 're mad . 
  that is n't nearly enough for two weeks for two people . 
  i 'd say you 'd want at least 50 pound a day per person , personally i 'd budget more than that but then again i would n't book a full two weeks in an expensive city . 
  when you 're on holiday you spend money . 
  on 20 pounds a day you 're going to be budgeting ridiculously hard . 
  it 's even worse because you 're in london . 
  you wo n't be able to eat out or go out for drinks . 
  honestly i do n't know how you can consider this reasonable ?
