  yeah we eat so many children . 
  why do n't you go scalp some natives . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't get to decide the words in the english language , english belongs to england , if you do n't like it so then make up your own language . 
  it would probably be the simplest stupidest language in a existence . 
  oh and you do n't have an empire , you lose every war in which you do n't have help . 
  sure films like argo and american sniper lol . 
  those hollywood cock suckers lost their touch years ago . 
  what a circle jerk . 
  cue , i feel safe in the us because we have a big military and will never be invaded despite the high homicide rate . 
  naturally invasions are ten a penny in the rest of the world . 
  also freedom , someone said freedom of press , which is why the us ranks quite lowly in every objective scoring of freedom of press going ( not brainwashed ... promise ) . 
  and of course the kicker , the big one . 
  d-i-v-e-r-s-i-t-y , look at how many ways we learnt to deep fry stuff . 
  compare chicago pizza with new york , compare tex-mex with southern style barbecue , look at the different combinations of herbs and spices used on the ribs . 
  also look how many ethnic minorities we have who we can marginalise !, 
  such diversity . 
  * i 'll give them diversity of climate though , they do have a nice mixture of geographic land types . 
  to answer your question . 
  foreignness - like i said before it 's culture . 
  the rest of us are brought up to think as internationally as possible , in school , in culture it is rewarded if you 're worldly and condemned as ignorant if you 're not . 
  this is rare in american culture , they are brought up with america this , america that . 
  the most ignorant americans probably think the rest of the world lives in utter poverty and has never heard of mp3 players or the internet . 
  you see this all the time , when many americans go to england they literally except to step out inside from dickensian world of cobbles and chimney sweeps . 
  they 're very surprised to find the largest financial market in the world and a bustling modern city with 11 million people . 
  most of what they know about other cultures is from film and other media . 
  why did everyone move to america ? 
  because they would take them . 
  it 's only in the last 50-60 years that the us has tightened its borders . 
  they had immigration from the south coming from south america and mexico , immigration from the 3rd world to ensure cheap labour , immigration from europe in the form of war displacement and religious outsiders who simply wanted somewhere to practice their outsider religion in peace away from a society that did n't accept them . 
  canada , australia and nz never did anything like that . 
  in the 19th and early 20th centuries ghettos were the norm in america , no other country wanted that , you 'd have a russian ghetto , an italian ghetto , a jewish ghetto and so on . 
  other countries focused on keeping their countries nice for the people living there , america always had an attitude of take them all and let god sort them out . 
  which is why today they are still behind the world when it comes to looking after their own , they are n't unified as a people , only as a bunch of people unified by some vague notion of being in the same system . 
  finally , for all the jokes about it , america is very big , but not only that it has huge amounts of arable land . 
  most of canada live near the us border because the further north you go the worse the winters . 
  in australia everyone lives within a few hours of the coast because central regions are so inhospitable . 
  less so now but 100 years ago life would 've been brutal in the outback . 
  new zealand is nice climate wise but is n't that huge . 
  this is why they could keep up the practice of just continually breeding and spreading out . 
  i can see a cow !, 
  [ this ] ( http://images2.sydney.com/sites/default/files/hp_deals_carousel/sydney-harbour-and-opera-house.jpg ) [ shit ] ( http://bna-art.s3.amazonaws.com/www.bootsnall.com/articles/wp-content/uploads/2010/05/beauty.jpg ) [ hole ? 
  ] ( http://www.photographyblogger.net/wp-content/uploads/2012/09/magic-hour.jpg ) . 
  edit : just want to make it clear i 'm not arguing for these positions , if you read to end you 'll see what my position is . 
  of course there are narratives religious people can construct to get around these problems . 
  for example , imagine if we were put here deliberately to suffer , seems cruel does it not ? 
  ok but what if once upon a time we were all up there chilling with god , basking in his holy perfection and thinking how awesome he was when he was like `` now who wants to prove their love of me ? '', 
  and everyone was like sure anything for you god . 
  so then was like ok so what you have to do is go down into a chaotic and unfair world of good and evil , with your memory wiped so you 're not cheating , and then if you still love me by the end then you 've passed the test . 
  thus every soul who came to this plane did so willingly in full knowledge of the suffering they would endure . 
  still a bit sadistic perhaps ? 
  but what if undertaking this suffering is was the only way for us to be metaphysically transformed into something more perfect than what we were before , to be transformed into something more god-like and individual than mere dependants basking in god 's holy perfection . 
  maybe it 's part of climbing the ladder towards personal divinity . 
  that is to say what if there was some rational overall benefit to our suffering in the long term for our immortal souls ? 
  why do you think the jesus narrative has had so much success ? 
  literally god made man to suffer perfectly and in doing so purifying humanity of its sins . 
  for his suffering taken to live with god in paradise . 
  a literal example to everyone of how to attain a more divine mode of being . 
  perhaps the messiah narrative ( and thus new testament ) is nothing more than a direct response to the problem of evil that plagued older religions , maybe this explains its cultural force ? 
  maybe older religions often made god to be cruel and capricious ( old testament , greco-roman ) precisely because they did n't have this work around . 
  even today do we not admire martyrdom , the fire fighter who lays down his life to save children from a burning building , or the solider who lays himself on a mine to protect civilians ? 
  there is a universal psychological force to the concept ? 
  why ? 
  it flies in the face of rational behaviour . 
  additionally we see death as such a terrible thing , a child dying of cancer is seen as so awful , but of course to the religious mind death is not such a bad thing . 
  that child is merely returning to god to exist in a far more perfect and wondrous place , it 's not sad , the child is lucky to have avoided a prolonged stay on a cruel and barbarous plane of existence . 
  ultimately it 's all a matter of perspective . 
  please do n't downvote this i 'm not even religious myself , i 'm just putting forward examples of possible religious narratives that can explain away these problems . 
  in my personal opinion the reason religion arises in the human psyche is because we struggle with ethical and moral conundrums as a species , sometimes we feel things that we can not rationally explain and this leads us to externalise our answers to achieve consistency . 
  for example i believe one reason religion exists is because we have to ask ourselves `` why be good ? '', 
  `` what benefit is there to being good ? '' . 
  we mostly assume it 's good not to cheat , not to break the rules , but this only seems rationally justifiable insofar as we will benefit from other playing by the rules . 
  naturally sometimes we create systems of rules because it benefits us more that others follow the rules ( including us ) , than it would benefit it us to break said rules . 
  we can rationally explain a general prohibition of murder , since we gain more from not being murdered than we do from murdering others freely . 
  it 's principles like this that explain most of what we call ethics , the social contract , it leads to better outcomes overall if we all play the game . 
  game theory can illustrate this . 
  another way we try and stop the imbalance is by punishing cheaters , further enforcing the social contract . 
  there will be times where despite the overall benefit of a rule , individuals will benefit more from breaking them . 
  so to make the social contract more binding we punish and humiliate people who break them , thus discouraging people from breaking the rules openly when it would benefit them . 
  so it becomes irrational to steal things in front of a crowd of people . 
  we even go as far as to punish ourselves in order to punish those who break the social contract and behave in ways we perceive as unethical , flying in the face of rationality , as demonstrated by that experiment where player one splits a sum of money but player two can deny player one his share providing he forgoes his own share . 
  if the split is seen as too greedy often player two will gladly refuse their share in order to deny player one theirs , despite coming to the table with nothing in the first place . 
  however what about those situations wherein we can cheat and get away with it . 
  most of us tend to consider these actions wrong , we call people criminals if they find ways to break the rules of society with immunity in order to benefit themselves . 
  however , their behaviour is totally rational . 
  of course we still feel it wrong that they do so , we want to make the rules immutable despite this flying in the face of all rationality . 
  maybe we only feel that because the majority is too cowardly and unintelligent to properly discern situations where they can benefit from breaking the rules without consequence , it benefits the brave and perceptive , and therefore we demonise these actions out of a sense of inadequacy . 
  this is even sometimes quite unique to modern culture , if you read the odyssey , odysseus is a heroic liar and trickster , heroic because he is able to overcome obstacles purely because he can deceive , not very heroic by modern standards . 
  maybe it 's something else who knows , but what ? 
  so we have to create a god narrative , whose judgement is perfect and who is all knowing . 
  finally our cognitive dissonance is abated . 
  it is now rational to follow ethics to a tee , to be completely honest . 
  when you find a wallet in the middle of nowhere with nobody around to see the rational course of action now becomes to return to the rightful owner . 
  it benefits you insofar as you wo n't be punished by god at a later date for stealing . 
  but of course this is just the beginning , we need to add to this narrative to deal with the inconsistencies in it . 
  due to the suffering in the world we have to tell ourselves the world is a test of faith and so forth . 
  create jesus to make us feel as if god is n't being unfair by not undertaking the horrors of human existence himself . 
  the whole of religion is just an externalised resolution of our innermost philosophical contradictions . 
  it is true that most of asia is more culturally influenced by america than europe for a number of historical reason . 
  although that 's not to say that asian cultures would n't prefer authentic italian pizza were it available to them . 
  also aussies are mostly lovely people and you should n't generalise about nations and nationalities .
