  again this is no different to how if you drive through a hasidic area blasting music on the sabbath some idiot might throw a rock at your car . 
  what they are doing is totally illegal and if you call the police they will arrest them for breaking the law . 
  i 'm not brainwashed , i actually lived in the country you 're talking about , you however are reading some bullshit sources and taking it for fact because you 're a moron . 
  that 's exactly what he is doing though . 
  he mentions house ... direct influence is synth , cultural origin is listed as uk , germany and japan . 
  guess that means frankie knuckles did n't start anything since it was anglo-germanic-japanese influenced invention . 
  absolute bullshit . 
  i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about but i 'm beginning to suspect you 're just a troll . 
  if you ca n't see how us culture is n't the `` most influential '' in the west then you 're probably just as brainwashed as those guys in the murica thread . 
  seriously get the fuck out you utterly brain dead moron . 
  using some abstract notion of cultural exploitation to justify these guys taking chunks out of some old computer illiterate guy 's pension , just get the fuck out . 
   the main problem with british rule was your taxation of trade and shipping from nearly every major port in america , the trade taxation was the problem so having the u.s. as a trading ally is sorta of mute when that 's what the issue stemmed from, 
  this my friend is called word salad . 
  it makes zero sense at all . 
   were n't number one at one point , which is fact true, 
  no it 's not `` fact true '' . 
  the uk was unquestionably the number one world power at the time . 
   read slowly so you can understand . . 
  i do n't think it 's my reading but your inability to form coherent sentences in english that 's the problem . 
  wow someone 's got persecution complex . 
  i can assure you it 's nothing like that for americans abroad , you sound you 've never actually travelled . 
  abut my point was dubstep originated in europe so obviously i 'm well aware of that . 
  naturally education means more , because in education you actually learn stuff . 
  fyi you might want some cream for your butthurt . 
  i also think people europe do n't often buy iphones because they 're generally more restrictive for the user . 
  you can just put all your ripped mp3s on your android and have it as a storage device , use them as ringtones . 
  the iphone image is n't as appealing . 
  [ is it now ? 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_ranked_by_ethnic_and_cultural_diversity_level ), 
  how is it when you have to use an app or itunes to make a ringtone ? 
  that 's not usability and convenience in my book . 
  when i use an android i literally just use it like an external hdd . 
  it 's a bit of silly try to claim that iphone is less restrictive . 
  imo the people in europe who buy iphones are people who want a simpler interface and find apple more user friendly , but i would guess the most popular phones here are samsungs . 
  i think because in a lot of the world , india for example , native languages change quite rapidly from place to place and you simply have to know functional english to communicate with other people who might come through your town . 
  it was the lingua franca left in these places by the british empire . 
  here in germany for example you really can get by without english , sure it 's considered slightly ignorant , especially if you 're young and ca n't at least speak basic english so there 's social pressure to learn , but you 're surrounded by a community of 80 million german speakers you can communicate with . 
  it 's not a necessity of life at all , however in many parts of the world is really is . 
  came here for the monty python reference , was not disappointed . 
  he 'll just pull himself up from the bootstraps shall he ? 
  get a job with no permanent address and smelling of bo and piss . 
  pay rent with the money from it . 
  work overtime until he can afford a suit and a decent hair cut . 
  get himself an education at night school and soon he 'll be living the american dream . 
  hahaha i ca n't get over the the idea of hitler making a let 's play . 
  honestly ? 
  looking up stuff for homework on lycos and dogpile . 
  also seeing my first ever porn and feeling really guilty about it . 
  as a kid you did n't really browse the internet in those days since it was paid per minute and it meant nobody could use or reach the landline phone , nobody in my household had a mobile so the landline was very important for everyone in the house . 
  i remember my dad had a car phone at one point which was basically a landline ( with a wire ) in your car . 
  stuff like that seems hilarious now . 
  later i remember we got an additional phoneline later so the phone could be used at the same time . 
  it was still dial up , and still charged you depending on how much you used it . 
  we were allowed to go on for about an hour every evening . 
  i remember msn messenger was a big deal and a seriously important tool for meeting girls when i was about 14 . 
  i 'd also use napster and kazza to download music and porn images sometime . 
  downloading a short video was a seriously big commitment , usually downloading stuff at about 11 kps which i thought was a good speed at the time . 
  when broadband came in it was a big deal , finally i could browse the internet as much as i wanted and i remember being a member of a old school forum community . 
  still the pc i had at home was very slow so it was n't much good for a lot things . 
  around 2005/2006 things changed , facebook and youtube , world of warcraft . 
  that 's where i 'd consider the modern internet to have taken off . 
  that 's when it started becoming such an important part of my life at least , that 's also when i decided to invest in a decent computer , dual core with a decent nvidia graphics card , it was something else . 
  before then it had only really been a sideshow . 
  unbelievably it 's now 2014 , my how things have developed . 
  anonymously publish that journal . 
  sounds fascinating . 
  i thought [ sheik ] ( http://www.zeldadungeon.net/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/sheik.jpg ) was hot in ocarina of time before it was revealed that [ `` it was actually zelda and therefore a girl '' ] ( / s ), 
  face it you 're bantersaurus rex , a propa lad . 
  i did the same as a kid with one of those stress reliever balls , i was on holiday in the us back in the 90s and i 'd never seen one before so i just kept trying to make it explode but i could n't do it . 
  eventually i twisted it round and round to make a sort of knot but it still did n't burst ... so then i bit into it . 
  it exploded and a thick orange gelatinous goo goes in my mouth , tasted like death . 
  managed to avoid swallowing any and was fine . 
  lesson learnt , do n't bite into stress toys . 
  yes german workers have it better than most us workers that is undeniable . 
  however , do n't think that these things have n't affected german workers in the same way . 
  the only difference i would say is that the `` boomer '' generation in germany was economically fucked immediately after ww2 . 
  by the late 1950 's the wirtschaftswunder or post-war economic miracle in english did kick in and it preceded over a time that was , at least for west germans , very affluent with many fortunes being made . 
  this did lead to a very good culture of balance between workers needs and the bottom line . 
  an interesting statistic is that in the 1970s germans striked only one day for every ten days the british striked . 
  the inability to find balance is pretty much why britain lost its industry base and turned into a service economy and the world 's international bank . 
  however as a young german entering the job market today you still wo n't be slacking off and buying property . 
  most skilled jobs only provide enough for you to rent an apartment and live an adequate lifestyle . 
  germany is very lucky to have a intelligent reactive manufacturing culture that principally serves niche interests . 
  it does n't try to compete with china or india in terms of labour . 
  the value put on skills here is very high , if you study an academic subject here you 're expected to go into academia or train as something practical down the line . 
  all in all though , it 's really not entirely different , the people who own the property are the older generation and are set for life , the younger people work their asses off with little chance of stopping work until they 're 70 and renting the whole time . 
  the generation who is now 60 + really did a good job looking after their own interests , mostly through the inflation of property values , but did nothing to think of the consequences of this for future generation . 
  these days the majority of people earn exactly what they need to survive and to motivate them to keep working , but unless you 're in the chosen few you 'll never hold anything like the economic power ( money to invest , build up property portfolios , stop working ) that they had . 
  it 's a shame . 
  i played it in the uk and it was awesome , without the nazi references it would have felt neutered . 
  you can always trust the german bureaucratic authorities to be slow to accept change . 
  dear god man . 
  you conservatards should [ at least learn your own damn history . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/john_steinbeck#political_views ), 
  [ sung ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nptv4oc_jhy ), 
  i think everything thinks of ww1 as nothing more than a senseless waste of life and tragedy . 
  modern warfare had never existed before that time , and the people in power on both sides of the war had no idea of what they were causing . 
  their concept of war had been on horse back with single shot muskets and cannon . 
  there was no nobility in modern war , just a senseless waste of life . 
  yes really , do you even read the articles you link .
