  just to make the brexiteers aware , lloyd 's of london is a national institution that has existed since 1688 and the hub of world 's insurance industry . 
  it features in many classical pieces of literature including jule verne 's `` around the world in 80 days '' . 
  never before in its 329 years of existence has it felt the need to open up overseas . 
  so yeah , score one for patriotism . 
  how am i patronising ? 
  i 'll rephrase `` this is the first time they 've felt to need to move london business overseas '' , that does n't exclude them having overseas operations . 
  truth is they 're doing this in the expectation that work will move abroad rather than tapping overseas markets , that 's a first . 
  brexiteers are under-informed so i was just helping them out ( actually the reason i mentioned was because the point does n't apply to remainers as they 're not responsible for this ) . 
  lloyd 's moving abroad for fear of losing business is a first mate . 
  you seem rather keen to deny that . 
  farmers = bauern mate ... or landwirten if you want to be fancy . 
  and there goes our future as one of the defacto financial capital of europe , well that was obvious once the referendum result came in but still . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't have it 's own identity , but i 'm just lumping that who se anomaly as one , sorry i did n't mention your town specifically , it 's a lovely town , but i did n't really think my statement would be held to such literal standards . 
  oh piss off would you ? 
  i actually know quite a lot about the industry and know plenty of people working there , i know lloyd 's is n't really doing much and most of companies there work primary outside of the european market , it 's still a rather significant fact that they 've felt it necessary to do this for the first time ever . 
  there 's little else to say on the matter . 
  well done , just another great consequence of brexit . 
  you seem to looking for a fight and cba . 
  not from london . 
  i will respond earnestly if you want but first, 
  double adverbs are common , and actually necessary in english . 
  do you even speak it ? 
  ireland left the uk in 1921 , our nation was not in rebellion . 
  ftw your comment reeks of us exceptionalism . 
  you 're acting as if us citizens have higher standards when your murder rate is through the roof and us citizens deal with civil disorder on a much larger scale . 
  you 're just being a typical american and overreacting as usual . 
  england had existed for almost 1000 years without a revolution , the longest in the world , you really ca n't talk about political stability to us . 
  furthermore the us is not exceptional , it 's an ordinary country . 
  it 's unique , but so is every country , exceptionalism if the belief that there 's something especially different or inherently other about a country , and i can assure the us is just like anywhere else . 
  i 'll tell why europe is stable , because you can walk around most of it not fear being shot by the police or becoming the victim of crime . 
  on the whole it 's frankly boring compared to your american cities with your gang violence and riots and stuff . 
  your applying the time scale of centuries is pure bullshit , but even then american stability does n't compare to british stability at all . 
  all you can say is that due to your new world location you managed to avoid being attacked on your own soil during the wars of the 20th century , but then again so did australia . 
  it 's nothing to boast about mate . 
  do n't know where you 're getting your data from mate . 
  on the wikipedia page all i can find is that the uk was 92 % white in 2001 and 87 % in 2011 , no data on `` white british '' . 
  that said , a confident country welcomes immigrants in the confidence that they will , with time , integrate into our culture , a paranoid country fears they will dilute and detract . 
  the irony is that eu immigrants on average very keen to integrate , given they come from developed nations and are relatively educated etc. 
  it 's absurd to think that poles or romanians are going to dilute british identity . 
  if anything they 're going to get anglicised . 
  they 're opening a new office in a new country not simply to expand their market , they 're opening a new office because they 're afraid that work that was done in london will have to now be done in an eu country . 
  it is london business because it 's done in london and is taxed in the uk , no because what they insure is in europe . 
  it 's not like i ignored them is it , given i 'm from an economically deprived area . 
  i can understand working class anger , but i ca n't understand where it 's being directed . 
  you 'd think if people wanted change they 'd have voted labour not ukip . 
   really ? 
  is it that surprising ? 
  when the status quo is demanding you do something , you do the opposite . 
  not when it 's liable to make things worse . 
   labour are the status quo . 
  when it comes to foreign and monetary policy there is no difference . 
  the outcome for these people is the same regardless . 
  so instead of rallying politically to make their voices represented in the parties they want to vote for they lash out at the establishment with complete disregard for the impact upon themselves , and rally not around social equality and economic equality but instead around hard line right wing conservatives and an anti-immigration narrative ? 
  that 's what does n't make sense . 
  k mate , do n't get shot by a cop for scratching your arse and we 'll make sure that your weekly dose of jeremy clarkson is n't interrupted . 
  maybe where you are mate but i can assure you that in much of europe means driving out somewhere for 2-3 nights with a few crates of beer and a bottle or two of spirits . 
  finest what ? 
  yeah but culture will dictate who wants to be educated . 
  you say that , but in the 1960s many of these arab states were progressive and adopting many liberal ideas such as allowing women to go to university and wear western clothing . 
  sadly they were a bit too left leaning for the us 's liking , they wanted to nationalise resources like oil to turn their nations in socialist utopias like norway , and were too influenced by the russians to the north . 
  thus the us funded a bunch of coups who ended but spreading radical islamic traditionalism as a means of control . 
  in many ways the radicalisation of the middle east was a plot against the us by the very people they 'd helped into power . 
  by radicalising the common folk and having an iron grip of their ideology they could ensure the us would be dependent on them for the oil as , if the us tried to go around them , it would be easy for them to rile up the uneducated religious radical faction and make it difficult for the us to extract oil . 
  it 's much easier to convince a radical to go blow up a pipeline by saying god wants it to happen than reason with an educated populace . 
  also because the us is n't islamic , the native radicals would never switch sides . 
  look at the history of any war ever , even with superior numbers and technology it 's extremely hard to long term occupy anywhere where there 's a dedicated and fanatical resistance . 
  seriously , this medieval islamism is n't the whole of their culture , rather it 's an ideology that has a grip on many countries no different from how communism , capitalism , or fascism grips others . 
  in many ways an artificial ideology put into effect by middle eastern oligarchs to consolidate their power . 
  there are plenty of islamic countries like , say , jordan , which have remained civilised in the face of this change . 
  while they might strike us as traditionalist compared to much of the west , they 're certainly no worse than russia or much of south america . 
  you should n't condemn a whole culture like that without looking at all the angles . 
  iran , syria , iraq were all way more westernised in the post war period , in fact syria was actually very nice up until a few years ago . 
  go look at the history if you 're not convinced , it 's a matter of fact not a matter of opinion . 
  these countries had rule of law , and western ambitions back then . 
  egypt is a slightly different story because of the british occupation . 
  norway is a socialist state in the sense of being a socially democratic state with one of the most generous welfare states in the world , high degree of nationalised industry , and insane average household income . 
  obviously i 'm not using karl marx 's definition of a socialist state as a state that still uses currency but in which the means of production are entirely owned by the state , and i really wish redditors would stop thinking it 's smart to point that out ... 
  tazer someone into not running unexpected into a road ? 
  what world do you fuckers live on ? 
  you seem mad . 
  i have nothing against the working class . 
  just the british culture of anti intellectualism . 
  british police are the best in the world mate , do n't even need to carry weapons to get their jobs done . 
   heaven is where the police are british , the lovers french , the mechanics german , the chefs italian , and it is all organized by the swiss . 
   hell is where the police are german , the lovers swiss , the mechanics french , the chefs british , and it is all organized by the italians . 
  i 've had people tell me that eu migrants get priority for council housing for fuck 's sake . 
  there 's a nationwide delusion that we 're living in the last days of the roman empire and becoming some kind of communist state just because we told people it was n't alright to keep calling it `` the paki shop '' and calling gay people `` poofters '', 
  all the more reason europe needs to stick together to leverage its collective influence . 
  outside of the eu i ca n't help but fear the uk really will just be america and asia 's bitch . 
  yep, 
  the belief in `` common sense '' is a very dangerous and violent idea in my opinion . 
  often those who lecture people about common sense tend to be both unintelligent and incredibly insecure about it , thus the need to hammer the world into ill fitting `` one size fits all '' pigeon holes . 
  often there can be no simple answer to complex questions , and what people intuit as common sense answer are nothing more than gross oversimplications and reflections of their personal prejudice . 
  ah yeah , the good ol' american argument . 
  waaah waah per capita do n't matter cos i say so waaaah waaah . 
  ah yes , i 'm sure your famous for your keen economic and political mind . 
  no , you 're the perfect example of an idiot who thinks gross figures matter more than per capita . 
  only per capita matters , nobody thinks britain `` contributes more '' simply because it happens to have a larger population . 
  i used to hear such stupid arguments only from americans but look where brexit has taken us . 
  you are stupid and opinionated and hell bent on destroying the nation , you are what is wrong with the uk , never mind the subreddit .
