   and america fixed it . 
   you guys are still hung up on the queen too . 
   well you and your whole country are incorrect . 
  just so you know, 
   man you guys butcher the english language . 
   in the uk they are wrong, 
   god i hate the uk , or where ever youre from . 
   stupid ass europians . 
  and my favourite ... 
   someone who says , `` give me a chicken burger '' in the us , usually is druling on themselves and has a helmet on . 
  same could be said for people in other english speaking nations who ca n't spell `` drooling '' . 
  no animal has evolved to fear humans unless humans have been a danger to them way back into pre-history . 
  poe 's law territory here . 
  sadly we know it 's not parody . 
  i skate in loose fitting chinos or shorts . 
  not like thin chinos but the corded ones . 
  i do n't really wear jeans that often any more although that was my go to when i was younger . 
  you made dictator a verb . 
  that should definitely be a thing . 
  that seems high , but yeh , the german system is quite fucked . 
  you can be excluded from voluntary insurance for pre-existing conditions and all kinds of shit . 
  you are sometimes forced to pay for nursing care you 'll probably never use . 
  all this on top of the tax you 're going to pay . 
  yes it gives germans a choice of who they want to go to and you can get your chiropractor or heilpraxis shaman con artist paid for by your insurance , but it 's outrageously expensive compared to many other european countries . 
  there are 140,000 people living in germany without insurance , and 200,000 with sub par coverage due to being in a situation where they are unable to enter a krankenasse and can not afford private insurance . 
  now sure , if you get sick in germany without insurance then you 'll probably only be paying thousands of euros on a payment plan rather than hundreds of thousands or dying at home , and sure germans might pay a fair bit less on average than americans for their policies at a price based on their income , but apart from that what really makes the german system any better than the american ? 
  at the bottom of it the german system of insurances is just fucked , germans will look down at other european countries for not having such a well developed state but the system revolves around money far more than many other countries . 
  interesting , discussion of eggs can lead to some classic sas , soon as discussion of washed eggs vs vaccinated unwashed eggs comes up there 'll always be some american getting his patriot on over the matter . 
  that was actually quite sensationalist and inaccurate . 
  fact is bath salts is an american catch all term for research chemicals which were originally bought over the internet . 
  to say they started in the uk is a bit misleading , it was methylone and mephedrone that started to be used in the uk in the late 00s , i remember you could buy them online in 2007 , and they rapidly went from an underground thing on drugs forums like erowid to being used by every drug user and their mum . 
  they were n't a `` cheap alternative to ecstasy '' as ecstasy is very cheap in the uk ( especially back then ) , but rather a legal , easily sourced and pure alternative to ecstasy under the name mcat ( or meow ) , you could buy it online in bulk after all . 
  they were synthesised from khat ( a naturally occurring plant with a stimulant effect , pronounced like `` cat '' or `` cart '' not `` cot '' ) , which is not a particularly dangerous drug and is n't even illegal in many countries ( it 's traditionally been used in the middle east to chew a bit like tobacco ) . 
  these drugs were made illegal after a few years and this is when the chemists who produced them started to get creative , synthesising tweaked versions of drugs to avoid new legislation . 
  now the further mistakes in this video are that 1 ) he makes it sound like methylone and mephydrone is like taking both cocaine and methamphetamine at the same time , methamphetamine is still a far more dangerous and powerful drug than either , since cocaine is often cut with amphetamine it 's more equivalent to snorting heavily amphetamine laden cocaine ( not the meth kind ) . 
  2 ) not all `` bath salts '' are based on the cathinone family of drugs , many such drugs have come to exist through the tweaking of various other drugs such as mdma and amphetamine and even thc from cannabis ( although that is often known as `` spice '' ) . 
  it 's also fair to say that i think it 's likely that many of the more fucked up incidents attributed to `` bath salts '' are the product of the newer generation of research chemicals , we have no way of knowing which kind of chemical someone has taken given that there is such a variety out there . 
  also the term `` bath salts '' is a product of how they were sold as `` not for human consumption '' bath salts in some cases , but more often as plant fertiliser . 
  also if you asked someone in the uk for `` bath salts '' they 'd probably direct you to do a shop that sold soap because they would n't know what you were talking about , the drugs that were popular there were the mcat category . 
  in fact nobody says `` i want some bath salts '' as far i understand , but rather either buys chems online or from a dealer , or is given various chems by a dealer not knowing or caring what it is . 
  the easiest way to get some `` bath salts '' if you ask me is to try to buy mdma from a shady source , since more often than not what people think is `` molly '' or `` mandy '' is actually some research chemical made to look like the stuff . 
  edit : honestly i think the moral panic around `` bath salts '' is very dangerous , and it 's stupidity that makes people label all crazy behaviour as a product of these unknown drugs rather than mental health or more well understood chemicals . 
  the trouble is that it lumps everything into one bag , making it seem equally bad , it also presses for less precise drug legislation that provides a blanket ban on anything people might consume to get high rather than on specific chemicals . 
  no time is given to properly research the chemicals and then suddenly they become illegal making research far more complicated and taboo . 
  we 've seen how this knee jerk reaction has hindered us before , cannabis has great untapped medical value and has been sitting under our noses for years , mdma has been shown to be useful in treating sufferers of ptsd , yet this practice is n't commonplace . 
  with the whole bath salts hysteria we could easily ban the next one of these drugs alongside the whole host of useless harmful drugs they are sold with . 
  waits for american to tell us how chickens shit from the same hole they lay eggs from ... 
  fyi methylone , one of the first generation of rcs is `` bk-mdma '' and was experimented with by shulgin . 
  there are certainly similarities with mdma even if it 's not the same . 
  see , this kind of bullshit is dangerous , because it suggests that meth is somehow less harmful than the research chemicals that have come to be known as `` bath salts '' in the us . 
  this is what you call moral panic . 
  i know a lot of people who 've taken fair quantities of mephedrone and methylone without lasting damage , but i do n't think you can say the same for methamphetamine . 
  hmm i do n't agree with your reasoning . 
  serotonin release is n't particularly dangerous . 
  yes there is something called serotonin syndrome but it 's incredibly rare . 
  mdma is n't a remotely dangerous drug , government funded studies in the uk found that , in a pure form and safe dosage , its danger was equivalent to horse riding . 
  furthermore methylone is n't a particularly dangerous drug either . 
  it carries all the same dangers as any dopaminergic stimulant ( psychosis trigger , danger to people with heart defects ) . 
  you are right in thinking the primary danger of the drugs was its short term addictive qualities though . 
  like cocaine , it 's a drug that promotes constant redosing unlike mdma which gives greatly diminishing returns . 
  with most dopaminergic stimulants the effects are short lived and cause an almost compulsive desire to top up on the high , greatly increasing the danger due to stress on the nervous and circulatory system . 
  `` on bath salts '' does n't really mean anything though . 
  it pretty much means she 's not on a drug that is well know to public , and while this may be true , throwing the bath salts term around is kind of harmful . 
  how do you confirm `` bath salts '' , the term literally means nothing . 
  she could be on anything combined with a psychotic disposition . 
  that 's kind of ignorant and i think you 're succumbing to moral panic to some degree . 
  bath salts literally does n't mean anything any more , there are hundreds of chemicals that fall under the category bath salts , the thing about research chemicals is that nobody knows what it does . 
  methylone and mephedrone were the original designer drugs i remember , and they were massively popular in the uk for a time and there was n't any great wave of psychosis there ( there was one guy who chopped his dicked off and stabbed his mother ) , but considering how many kids were taking the stuff it did n't seem like there was a huge change . 
  what it did was open the door for many people to the existence of designer drugs . 
  people producing just about anything that is likely to be psychologically active in the hope of selling the next mephedrone or whatever . 
  this is why we are seeing these fucked cases , it 's because people are just putting random chemicals into their bodies that we have no clue what the effects of are . 
  categorising all new `` designer '' drugs as bath salts is ultimately quite harmful , we should be researching them rather than acting like they 're all the same . 
  legality and availability . 
  apparently drugs are hard to get in parts of florida , especially weed . 
  i must say i have an entirely different perspective . 
  the original designer drugs we mephedrone and methylone , and they were very popular in the uk . 
  i 've done them numerous times without any ill consequences , as have most of my friends back there . 
  they were popular because of cocaine being low quality and expensive , and the fact that lots of fake inactive pills were common , besides the fact they were legal . 
  ultimately the dangers of `` bath salts '' is their untested nature and the number of variations that go around . 
  more like 2008 if you live in europe . 
  in reality they are most likely waiting for paramedics . 
  restraining a psychotic person can easily harm them . 
  that 's some hilariously retarded shit, 
  yes it 's the same stuff . 
  it has a very distinctive smell although i 've never though it smelled like piss myself , maybe some very cheap and nasty chemical smelling air freshener ? 
  i do n't know why you call it `` dirty '' ? 
  no more dirty than the amphetamine ridden crap that gets sold as cheap cocaine . 
  i took it a number of times around 2007/8 when it was legal in the uk , back when i was into that kind of stuff . 
  to me it just seemed like cross between mdma and amphetamines ( the regular kind ) , lots of energy , strong desire to keep taking the stuff , with some mild trippy effects on the side . 
  i probably only took it 10 times and by the time it was hitting peak popularity and getting in the newspapers i was sick of the stuff , personally i did n't like the way it made you `` fiend '' a redose . 
  very much like cocaine in that respect , however cocaine does n't impair your judgement to the same degree ( although i 'm not a fan of that either ) . 
  fair enough . 
  i used to be very into being a drugs nerd when i was younger and this stuff was all new . 
  i remember when the very first posts about it started cropping up . 
  spent a fair amount of time browsing all the drugs forums around and cringeworthy as it is considered myself a bit of a psychonaut . 
  i do n't take drugs any more and suffered no lasting damage ( although i am partial to an occasional spliff if someone offers it to me ), 
  what 's your point ? 
  murica would be annoyed by britain 's use of albatross , known in the us as a double eagle , since according to murica `` there ai n't no bird better than an eagle '', 
  yeah an albatross , also penguin . 
  actually i think they would be because that 's what their training says to do .
