  unless you 're amazed by the old stuff scattered around it 's pretty hard what to do . 
  it 's really hard to see london through a tourists eyes and i reckon if you did n't plan it correctly you could end up having a pretty shitty time . 
  why does rdj get to decide what he 's there to do ? 
  he 's agreed to be interviewed by a legitimate journalist . 
  he 's just an actor . 
  if he had wanted an easy ride he should n't have agree to the interview , stick with film journalists . 
  it was n't bs , it was a question i 'd genuinely like to hear the answer to . 
  that said , he could have fobbed him off with a deflective but confident answer , but instead like walks out like an entitled diva . 
  that 's my interpretation anyway . 
  if you do n't want news like questions do n't go on channel 4 news , these are people that regularly interview politicians on critical issues , what did he expect ? 
  a pandering sycophantic interview to sell his product ? 
  [ to be fair they really need to do this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqldhvplbve ), 
  i have n't seen this in every thread with reference to britain ever ... 
  fair enough . 
  my point is that he handled it badly when it would n't have been hard to handle it better . 
  i agree he does n't have to ask the questions . 
  however i ca n't understand why you think an actor should be so worthy of respect that ca n't be posed questions about his past life . 
  furthermore i do n't really understand this culture of inviting journalists to interview them and then restricting the questions they 're allowed to ask , seems like bullshit to me , it 's a journalist 's job to ask hard questions , if you 're just asking what is easy then it does n't seem like journalist at all but just commercial promotion , and imo that 's not what journalists are for . 
  there are people on the other side equally fired up by the journalists `` audacity '' to pose rdj actually uncomfortable questions . 
  just saying . 
  more easily *, 
  i mean what the fuck kind of lesson is that anyway . 
  has any teacher ever done this ? 
  is that what passes for education these days?never mind the totally true story about putting it back in ... 
  when i sleep with somebody else i tell her that - but it 's there it 's there . 
  but i did n't ever do it apart from that , did i ? 
  you did !, 
  well that 's all good , see what you 're going to say now that you 've finally got the balls to admit it you 're going to say one or two lasses . 
  it 's clear , it 's clear . 
  i 'll fucking keep it , guess what your daughter will say when she 's fucking ... 
  i do n't honestly , and you know what , what 's the point ? 
  and you 're going to be all happy for the next couple of days , when you 're lonely terry when you 're away bubbling and greeting , you 're going to come bubbling and greeting on your knees and moaning about ... - how ? 
  it 's always me that 's done something - what did i say ? 
  what did i say ? 
  - i do n't even want to talk to you . 
  what 's the problem ? 
  guess so , that was a hard bit . 
  be american . 
  claim to not have an accent . 
  ca n't say marry-mary-merry distinctly . 
  ca n't say don-dawn so they do n't rhyme . 
  ca n't say father-bother so they do n't rhyme . 
  ca n't say erin and aaron differently . 
  ca n't say mirror or squirrel so they do n't sound like murr and skwerl . 
  do n't have an accent . 
  now that sounds like reddit haha !, 
  yes , because groups of starving refugees with little to no resources have always had such success when overpowering groups living with superior conditions and resources . 
  it 's not like that throughout history whenever one technologically superior group has met an inferior one they 've almost always wiped them out ... 
  definitely got a creepy darma vibe off this . 
  if you say khakis with an english accent you 're just saying car keys with an english accent ... wut ? 
  you are a moron . 
  there has n't been slavery in jamaica for many many generations . 
  this man speaks this way because he grew up with it . 
  maybe his great-great-grandfather was a slave owner that 's also true for many americans ... 
  oh do fuck off . 
  nobody is responsible for what their great great grandfather did . 
  furthermore you ca n't even assume his ancestors were slave owners , he could be descended from their servants who never owned a single slave and whose lives were n't much better than one . 
  you sir are either a troll or a moron , who clearly does n't understand the principles at work here . 
  firstly i 'll say that the grounds for `` affirmative action '' , known as positive discrimination in the rest of the world , are dubious to say the least . 
  it is n't an idea that has particularly taken hold outside america . 
  that said , the idea behind it is that ethnic / cultural groups were suppressed in history , and that the people responsible for this suppression were the people alive at the time who carried it out . 
  however , the idea is that the suppression of a group in the past can have ramifications lasting for generations , leading to overall reduced welfare for members of those groups in the present relative to majority groups . 
  thus if we are to restore balance for the sake egalitarianism , we should positively discriminate towards those groups so there is no longer a divide . 
  nowhere does it say that the people belonging majority ethnic groups alive now , who had nothing to do with the historical suppression , are responsible for the welfare divide between ethnic groups . 
  absolutely fucking nowhere . 
  now fuck off you ill educated prick . 
  no , the majority ethnic groups do not pay for the affirmative action . 
  black/hispanic/asian tax payers contribute equally towards positive discrimination as white people . 
  if white people were responsible , it would be a tax only on them . 
  however they are not . 
  what you 're saying it about as logical as saying that tax payers pay for disability allowance , the majority is white , therefore white people are directly responsible for causing disability . 
  seriously just go fuck yourself , it 'll be doing us all a favour . 
  the irony being your comment history is filled with racism . 
  go take a running jump . 
  so true . 
  gordon ramsay is great imo , unlike some people on reddit who think he 's a twat for being mean . 
  you 've got to be a bit mean to succeed in the restaurant game because you 've got to keep up standards in order to be a good restaurant rather than just a mediocre one . 
  as someone who 's worked in the kitchen of an expensive restaurant before as a commis chef , people will slack off if they do n't feel like perfection matters . 
  nevertheless i 'm on this guys side . 
  gordon always expects chefs to know all about cookery , when most working in the average place just know the basics and how to prepare the specific meals they 've learnt at their restaurant . 
  most chefs are n't classically trained in france like gordon and have no intention of being . 
  the mercia one is like 5 bearded guys who like real ale , medieval re-enactments and hating on london . 
  i 've visited someone in one in the uk . 
  it was actually in a grand stately home that they 'd bought for cheap when it was no longer getting enough visitors to warrant its upkeep from the state supported historical institution whose job it is to maintain and earn a revenue from such places . 
  it had grand mahogany stair cases and chandeliers and such . 
  sounds pretty ideal right , but from what i hear it was still a shitty place to be . 
  there were only 4 foot high wooden fences to mark the boundaries , the gate was just a barrier with one guy to sign people in and out . 
  the front door was just a big wooden door that would be bolted shut once it was past the time everyone was meant to be inside by . 
  there were only minor searches to visitors at the entrance and some guy with a metal detector , less security than at an airport . 
  there was even a shop in the visitors area with an old lady selling tea and coffee , sweets and sandwiches . 
  the biggest punishment for the prisoners seemed to be boredom , despite being allowed out of their rooms between 6am and 10pm they basically just spent hours watching tv and reading , the daily monotony only being broken up by `` work '' for a few hours a day , either cooking , cleaning , gardening or in a workshop on site , and some lessons they could take to learn skills like car repair and cookery . 
  they had access to a gym and sports equipment for a number of hours every week where they 'd either exercise or play football / tennis . 
  then again you could also tell a large part of the punishment for many prisoners was being apart from their families , they were all super eager when visitors arrived and would make the most of the time . 
  the younger guys seemed to have it easier , you 'd see some of them making out with their trashy girlfriends in the corners of the visitors rooms since this was allowed . 
  however conjugal visits were not . 
  ultimately if i had to go to prison i 'd rather be there than a real jail by a large margin . 
  it 's still a punishment though because of the isolation , boredom and loss of freedom . 
  really just a waiting room where your life is put on hold . 
  then again i 'm sure some homeless would prefer it to the street , but that 's why it was almost all white collar criminals who had run dodgy businesses , fiddled taxes and so on . 
  there were no people on violent charges or drugs charges there .
