  usually i 've already watched or seen the vide/image embedded on the subreddit , so why is opening on the comments thread page ? 
  really annoying bad design . 
  our macho culture . 
  i had n't realised how deep it runs until i moved abroad . 
  british culture really is quite toxic . 
  ran into a large group of british lads , many of them policemen , on a stag do last week , all the shitty banter and chanting , the constant taking the piss out of one another , i really do this that it impairs us from having meaningful interactions with each other . 
  in parts of our culture it 's as if it were shameful to string a sentence together that was longer than two clauses as if doing so made you `` a queer '' . 
  i 'm not saying this does n't exist in other countries , merely that british culture seems to enforce it as a model for `` fitting in '' . 
  at times it 's as if we were proud of our stupidity . 
  germans manage to get twatted for 24 hour but still keep their shit together for the most part . 
  i think the answer is culture rather than anything to do with the booze itself , it 's as if losing control when very drunk is normalised . 
  i think historically it 's a north west thing , lancashire mainly , however i also think there 's a bit of generation / class divide on this as well . 
  i also think if you go back to the 19th century `` pants '' was the preferred term for some styles amongst the british aristocracy . 
  do n't quote me on this this , i just remember it from something i 've read . 
  similar thing happened to me . 
  thankfully i did n't move cities though . 
  got a job at a company , big corporation in many countries , 2 weeks before i 'm meant to start the whole company announces its decision to close all operations in germany . 
  shit eurosceptics actually believe ... 
  in other news water found to be wet . 
  we 're inviting merkel to follow the lead of bonnie prince william and take the crown from the brexiteers . 
  that was bad . 
  latin is one i might actually get into . 
  i do n't tend to start many new courses , at least not seriously , because language learning is a big commitment for me , and i 'd rather not waste time doing duolingo if i 'm not really going to put effort into the language , but latin would be a nice little hobby language, 
  the guy who presents that show , russell howard , is a huge hack , and has been parodied many many times . 
  he basically just relies on a clip show and a trying to be cheeky fake west country accent to give the impression he 's funny . 
  very low tier british comedian sadly , the kind of thing people without a real sense of humour think is funny . 
  you can teach yourself to do this by saying the phonetics backwards . 
  the hard part is the consonants , many of them do n't sound the same backwards as forwards , so you have to experiment to be able to make a sound that passably sounds like the consonant in question . 
  after a while it gets easier , i 've never done it well enough to be able to simply repeat a sentence someone has told me back to them though . 
  wanting the brexit to fail , so the uk takes a knock and repents is n't the same as wanting a country to collapse . 
  i do want brexit to fail , i do want the country to take a knock and for the `` muh sovereignty '' type to all start shouting `` muh pension '' instead . 
  that might be enough to keep us in the eea at least . 
  i do n't want the whole of britain to fail obviously , but there 's nothing wrong with wanting brexit to fail . 
   they used us as a loophole to get to the eu without going fully in to the eu . 
  the uk is fully in the eu you utter muggins, 
  it 's in virtually everyone interests , apart from brexit britain and eclectic nationalists around the continent , for the eu to work . 
  it 's sure reassuring that the likes of le pen and the golden dawn are cheering for us . 
  i think post-brexit britain will look a bit dystopian in 20 years time ( assuming we do it ) . 
  i think outside the eu britain will be forced to sell of industries wholesale to asian investors , and the city of london will start cosying up to places like china , korea , and japan . 
  no doubt we 'll see deregulation of labour laws and no cease to the ever growing wealth divide . 
  the answer to the economic brexit pains will be a tory 's wet dream , relaxing what companies and banks are allowed to do . 
  squeezing the working class for its labour . 
  by 2030 i fully expect london to look like something out of a dystopian novel , where the rich international business types drive around in fancy self-driving electric cars while the poor huddle for warmth in the shelter of soulless corporate office space . 
  it 's not just austerity . 
  these places do not make any money and have n't done for a very long time . 
  austerity just took away the thin veneer of security that kept these places from sliding into total ruin . 
  full kit wanker !, 
  he pronounced it correctly , if you 're doing something different then you should practise your english . 
  this guy has the perfect british military voice . 
  my uncle used to be stationed in aldershot and a lot of the guys there spoke that way . 
  it 's kind of well spoken but gruff . 
  it also has influences from a variety of accents around the uk . 
  there are always a set number of police walking around the stadium , especially between the pitch and the stands , there 's no sometimes about it . 
  there are rules dictating how many police must be present at matches . 
  if by `` stop exit '' you mean keep britain as integrated as possible with the european community then yes , absolutely . 
  `` leave the eu '' means nothing else but that , and specifies nothing about leaving anything else . 
  just because a few rogue politicians who ca n't even take responsibility for the decision promised leavers a hard cap on immigration , 350 million for the nhs , and unicorns does n't mean that that 's what ticking `` leave the eu '' meant . 
   welsh , scots or gaelic test, 
  i know it 's only fair that we allow people fluent in these languages the same rights as people fluent in english , however , i ca n't help but imagine a bureaucrat put in charge of these tests sitting in a room being paid to play solitaire all day . 
  no , ticking the box that says `` leave the eu '' means `` leave the eu '' . 
  it does n't mean immigration caps or anything else the leave campaign promised , that 's just stuff voters were convinced would happen . 
  we could leave the eu for the eea and change absolutely nothing except our involvement in their decisions . 
  actually no , that 's not how it works at all . 
  firstly britain already has the legal power to implement immigration cap and always has done , parliament is sovereign . 
  if we go against what the eu says , the eu can punish us in other ways e.g kicking us out of the eu , but they have no real power to make the british government ( or any government for that matter ) , do anything . 
  there are plenty of countries in the eu violating eu legislation , in fact they all do , the eu ca n't step in a make them change their laws , they can just punish them in other ways for noncompliance , they do n't take stronger moves against them however because those countries comply with enough eu legislation that the eu considers them non-problematic members . 
  it 's important to note that the punishments that the eu can use against member states are only possible because the country being punished by the eu , and other eu countries , willingly play along with them . 
  the power of the eu is given from the bottom up , there is nothing top down about the eu 's structure , which is why people are so wrong to call it undemocratic . 
  when the eu makes a decision it 's really just a decision the british government has willingly decided to make together with the other eu members . 
  the eu has no power and no true authority over its sovereign members , and when the eu courts overrule a decision by the british high court they are allowed to do so by the freely given consent of the british government / judiciary . 
  all supranational law created by a `` bottom up '' power structure . 
  when a power structure ceases to be `` bottom up '' and becomes `` top down '' then it 's really starting to cease to be `` international '' and moves towards federalism . 
  federal law in the us is top down because us states do not have the option to turn around at any time and say to the us government `` sorry , we 're not playing anymore '' , whereas eu member states always have done . 
  for example , when some us states first legalised cannabis federal government moved in and shut them down regardless ( they have since relaxed a bit ) , however if a eu member state legalised cannabis , and the eu said that 's not allowed under eu legislation , if they sent in eu officials from other member states to forcibly close businesses that would be extrajudicial action , and an infringement of that nation 's sovereignty . 
  it 's actually the eea agreements that ensure freedom of movement . 
  it would be perfectly possible for britain to leave the eu and still be in the eea , and therefore still equally obliged to follow eu legislation as it was before i.e as a condition of its continued membership of the eea . 
  leaving the eu means exactly that , the uk is no longer an eu member state , however , leaving these agreements does n't give the british government any more power than it had before , and it would have to do more and leave more agreements than simply cease to be a member state before it could legislate freely without any risk of the consequences would face it is did so while remaining a member . 
  countries follow the eu 's decisions simply because they consider it worth it for the benefits eu membership brings , if they are willing to forgo those benefits they are free at any time to do as they please . 
  except `` eu law '' is n't law in the same sense at all . 
  the eu 's power is simply put `` obey our laws if you want to keep enjoying the benefits given to you by your status as an eu member state '' . 
  if the uk government disobeys eu law all the eu can do is remove privileges that eu member status conferred on the uk , and it can only really do that because other countries play along for exactly the same reason the uk plays along . 
  for example , if the uk turns around and says `` fuck all eu legislation '' then the eu can turn around and say `` fuck free trade then , we 'll tell our member states to impose tariffs on british goods '' , and because the member states want to keep being part of the eu they 'll do so ( although they do n't have to do so any more than britain has to do so ) . 
  traditional law does not work that way . 
  if you say `` fuck british law '' as a british citizen the courts do not turn around and say `` that 's fine but you 'll no longer be protected under british law or have the benefits its protection gives you '' . 
  no , in this situation they forcibly make you comply , something with the eu has never had the authority to do . 
  effectively , `` breaking '' eu law ( at least on a large scale with no intention of compliance ) and leaving the eu are effectively the same thing . 
  parliament is completely sovereign , and if they `` break eu law '' they are not breaking the law in the sense you mean when you ordinarily mean it . 
  in fact conceiving of at as `` eu law '' is pretty harmful and partially why we 've found ourselves in this mess . 
  when you say `` breaking eu law '' what you really mean is something more akin to `` breaking a treaty agreement between a group of sovereign nations that relies on the consent of all parties to be anything more than a worthless scrap of paper . '', 
  if more people had understood this legal nuance then fewer would 've got all riled up over sovereignty and taking our country back gibberish . 
   i do n't think you understand that parliament signed away it 's law making powers . 
  for the last time , no they did not `` sign away '' their powers . 
  they consented to abide by eu law willingly , and they have the power to remove that consent at any time they see fit . 
  this is clearly what you do n't understand or are unwilling to acknowledge . 
   you are conflating the possible lack of ability to enforce a judgement ( also incorrectly ) against the eu with parliamentary sovereignty . 
  i 'd say too that you are adding to the confusion by playing with words or straying into philosophy about whether a law is a law if someone does n't recognise it . 
  no i 'm not . 
  the eu absolutely has no power over the laws of its member states , which are sovereign . 
  i 'm not playing into the confusion i 'm trying to clarify the reality , whereas stupid brexiteers are playing of the ignorance of the general public about how these things work in order to lead them into the believe that britain is not a sovereign nation any more . 
  it is you who is using disinformation and half-truths to present a false reality .
