  the kind of thing it allowed them sue for would be for example making us food stuff be subject to higher standards than eu foodstuffs , or requiring us companies to pay for additional testing on imports than you required of your own food . 
  what it definitely did n't do was stop the eu from determining what quality of food allowed to be sold within its borders . 
  all that 's happened is just what some anti-capitalistic thinkers have taken a suspicious eye to the agreement , and potentially pointed out some problems , and to be fair they have some points . 
  however , then left wing populists have jumped on the anti-globalism , anti-free trade bandwagon and told everyone that the agreement definitely means the eu and its member states forgo their ability to enact higher regulatory standards than the us , which is utter bullshit . 
  well , just to point out it 's not philosophy but linguistics . 
  it 's a question of fact not of conception . 
  young children tend to show the ability to distinguish phones more effectively than adults , but start to show aversion to `` foreign '' phones at a relatively early age . 
  i think there have been studies showing that children reject phones in languages they do n't speak regularly , and even if they remain able to produce them will find them distasteful . 
  prepubescents and teenagers are often certainly better learners than adults in many ways , and it 's clear that there 's a relationship between youth and successful language acquisition . 
  that said there 's no reason to think that children of 11 and 12 can perfectly acquire the ability to produce previous practised phones . 
  the majority of children that start learning a language at this age do n't acquire the ability to reproduce the phonetics of the language in a convincingly native like way . 
  well , just to point out it 's not philosophy but linguistics . 
  it 's a question of fact not of conception . 
  young children tend to show the ability to distinguish phones more effectively than adults , but start to show aversion to `` foreign '' phones at a relatively early age . 
  i think there have been studies showing that children reject phones in languages they do n't speak regularly , and even if they remain able to produce them will find them distasteful . 
  prepubescents and teenagers are often certainly better learners than adults in many ways , and it 's clear that there 's a relationship between youth and successful language acquisition . 
  that said there 's no reason to think that children of 11 and 12 can perfectly acquire the ability to produce previous practised phones . 
  the majority of children that start learning a language at this age do n't acquire the ability to reproduce the phonetics of the language in a convincingly native like way . 
  all you can say is that general the research shows it helps to be young when you start learning a language . 
  well , just to point out it 's not philosophy but linguistics . 
  it 's a question of fact not of conception . 
  young children tend to show the ability to distinguish phones more effectively than adults , but start to show aversion to `` foreign '' phones at a relatively early age . 
  i think there have been studies showing that children reject phones in languages they do n't speak regularly , and even if they remain able to produce them will find them distasteful . 
  prepubescents and teenagers are often certainly better learners than adults in many ways , and it 's clear that there 's a relationship between youth and successful language acquisition . 
  that said there 's no reason to think that children of 11 and 12 can perfectly acquire the ability to produce previously unpractised phones . 
  the majority of children that start learning a language at this age do n't acquire the ability to reproduce the phonetics of the language in a convincingly native like way . 
  except you the eu can simply regulate what standard of meat they are willing to buy , including ethical standards . 
  i do n't think you understand that any product that is to be sold in any country must meet regulatory standards . 
  as it stands we do buy loads of stuff from countries that arguably have lower standards , and we 'd do n't heavily tariff them when it does n't suit us . 
  that does n't mean the eu lower its standards it means it focuses on what it can more efficiently produce . 
  the thing is , you 're making this about animals ' treatment which is somewhat dishonest . 
  if the problem is animal rights that solution is to amend the agreement to account for this . 
  ultimately you 're only arguing about different methods of production , the agreement could be amended to account for ethical concerns . 
  however , the reality is that keeping inefficient industries going through protectionism is never a bad thing , and more people will ultimately benefit from the increased economic efficiency . 
  it 's better that industries that the us can do more efficiently are allowed to compete on an even keel because it will result in a more competitive market overall . 
  maybe the us should start prising quality over quantity !, 
  honestly it 's absurd how long a seasons `` runs '' in the us . 
  people keep complaining that shows lose their direction and get crappy , well that 's what happens when you require 24 episodes a season or whatever ridiculous number it is . 
  that reality talent show format came from holland and was then developed in the uk by simon cowell and the like my friend . 
  there 's nothing american about it . 
  see this is what happens when you remake everything foreign with an american version , people get convinced that everything originates from the us . 
  it 's almost as if american tv producers have to americanise everything lest the rednecks get uncomfortable with those weirdo foreigners with their different accents , haircuts etc. 
  which was a rip off of * popstars * , which was kiwi, 
  that 's like saying a dog will get bored fetching a stick , it 's just instinctive behaviour for them . 
  obviously they 're not going to eat them all . 
  weirdly most languages call this a flute but english does n't . 
  i always piss myself laughing when non-native speakers call it a flute because in the english speaking world the recorder is like the most shit-tier instrument imaginable , whereas a proper flute is like a really fancy orchestral instrument . 
  this is just testament to how backwards the uk laws are when it comes to sex . 
  anyone who has sex with a 15 year it old is a criminal in the eyes of the law regardless of how old they are themselves , yet nothing can be done about a creepy 50 year old being wildly inappropriate with someone the moment they hit 16 . 
  under german law for example this would fall under the protection of young people , which means that if anyone over 21 is thought to be trying to exploit anyone under the age of 18 they are held to harsher standards and can be convicted of trying to sexually exploit a young person . 
  the law is particularly harsh towards those in a position of authority i.e senior colleague , educator . 
  plying a young person with alcohol and letting them come stay at your house without their parent 's knowledge would definitely fall under that description . 
  reminds me of how paedophiles were treated back in the day . 
  `` oh he 's a bit of an oddball but i 'm sure he 'd never hurt anyone '', 
  `` he 's a bit touchy feely but he would never do anything abhorrent '', 
  of course this kind of justification is fine until someone has their live ruined by a sexual predator . 
  definitely something people should never put up with . 
  for the greater good ... 
   two lane motorways can be thinner than a back ally in the us with rock walls either side . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  firstly why do you assume the guy you 're responding to is from the us . 
  additionally , there is no such thing as a 2 lane motorway really , that would be a dual carriageway . 
  furthermore , there 's no such thing as a `` thin '' dual carriageway . 
  they 're all the standardised width that uk regulatory standards require . 
  these regulations also require the roads to be lined with crash barriers , embankments or hedgerows . 
  [ this is a dual-carriage way ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dual_carriageway#/media/file:a63 ( t \\ ) _ 1 . jpg ) and they all look very similar . 
  any ordinary car will have no problem driving on them . 
  country lanes might be a shock for americans who 've never seen such thin roads , but even they have a minimum width requirement that means ordinary cars will have no trouble if the driver is competent . 
  ah remember when scandinavia sank into the seas . 
  what a horrible tragedy that was . 
  no , sorry , you 're wrong . 
  i speak english not some colonial creole . 
  like `` snuck '' , `` dove '' , `` normalcy '' , `` burglarized '' and `` addicting '' ; `` gotten '' is not a word . 
  to be fair if sherlock had to do a full season then it would n't be the show it is , the episodes are feature length after all . 
  shame the latest series was wank . 
  all of them american and therefore utterly invalid . 
  if you have n't realised by now my reply was sarcastic in response to your dumbfuck prescriptivist correction . 
  `` gotten '' is non-standard in british english . 
  it 's simply not a word that exists in most educated people 's speech ( outside of set phrases like `` ill-gotten '' ) . 
  you 've got no more right to tell me i should use `` gotten '' than i have to tell you that you 're misspelling `` colour '' . 
  either you knew this and you 're a prat who goes around correcting everything but american english like an internet crusader who insists the world should sound like john wayne . 
  or you did n't know this and you 're an intellectually vain idiot who likes to go around correcting people without a good grasp of his own language in the first place . 
  edit : also linguistically speaking english is n't a creole . 
  i was moved to tears !, 
  ^ ( ^ of ^ agony ), 
  except you are wrong . 
  check your own sources and you 'll see they all state `` chiefly north american '' . 
  if you actually understood what almost all those sources said you 'd understand why it 's stupid to correct someone not for using it . 
  it would be like me correcting an american for saying r\u00e9sum\u00e9 instead of curriculum vitae . 
  if i wrote `` gotten '' in an article in the uk the editor would correct to `` got '' . 
  except we wo n't be able to go there to live and work anymore unless we qualify for complicated visas and maintain constant employment etc , nor study there without paying what an international student would pay . 
  so thanks for that ... but i guess that wo n't matter when all these seemingly intangible supposed benefits of brexit miraculously appear . 
  you have your own personal dumbass ? 
  the garbling mechanism was actually much simpler than most people imagined , it simply classed words and letter clusters together and if you typed any of them you 'd always get the same gibberish out the other end . 
  it was n't just `` lol '' that would come out as `` kek '' , but a bunch of other letter combinations too . 
  it just happened that `` lol '' belonged to this `` kek '' class , if you will . 
  this meant that translating the opposites faction 's text was impossible , but it could be exploited to write badly spelt messages like `` i luv u '' and shit . 
  except freedom of the press is pretty piss poor in the us , but you patriots choose to focus on stuff like anti-hate crime legislation that erodes your god given right to celebrate nazi germany in public . 
  i mean fucking seriously ... all you have to do to avoid hate crime laws are not scream massively controversial and potentially hurtful statements in public ( or publish youtube videos with such material ) . 
  moreover police powers in the us are outrageous with crap like civil forfeiture .
