  well in russell and many other philosophies , yes you can , and maybe you should consider that position rather than dismissing it with a rather post-modern blas\u00e9 attitude that reduces all beliefs to ideology . 
  in this video i do n't think russell is talking about his politics at all , much rather his philosophical beliefs . 
  it 's interesting that you 've lapsed in the first person now and are talking about what you think about `` facts '' . 
  you say that facts are always weighted with ideological baggage but i hardly see much room for ideology in the natural sciences , precisely because they deal with facts and little else . 
  does n't sound that british to me except for the hahf and ahnswer instead of haf and answer . 
  or err ... know you , stick with the system of representational democracy that 's kept this country going for the last few hundred years . 
  i think it 's all to do with the political narratives that are prevalent in british culture ; narratives like `` a simpler time '' and `` britain as a superpower '' , the public 's reaction to the shift to a greater degree of political pluralism , the introduction of identity politics to mainstream political discourse , and possibly to some degree the cultural divide the internet has created between older generations and younger generations . 
  seems rather fascist if you ask me . 
  you sound rather naive talking about the high salaries , which high salaries would they be ? 
  if the salaries seem high in parts of europe it 's because the cost of living is much higher for the most . 
  it 's common knowledge that when it comes to actually making money to save rather than just making a living ; asia and the middle east are the places to be . 
  english teacher is mostly a bog standard job in europe , enough to live off but never enough to get rich . 
  you 've also just listed some of the countries in europe that just happen to be the most expensive to live in too . 
  word to the wise , do n't say that nations `` would suffice '' , it makes you sound like a utterly naive prat . 
  nations are n't there to satisfy your needs . 
  frankly you should count yourself lucky if you get a job any of the wealthier european nations . 
  sounds to me as if you 're only looking at the expected wages in making this decision , when really what you should be thinking about where you want to live ... `` western europe '' is n't just generic `` foreignland '' you know ? 
  you 'll have a vastly different experience in each of these nations ; for example , the food in denmark is vastly different from what you 'd get in austria . 
  i do n't think you quite understand the degree of cultural diversity in europe , going to a different european country is n't like just going to a different state you do realise ? 
  there 's an entirely different language/history/culture . 
  there 's more difference in cuisine between most european nations than there is across the entire usa . 
  also your online qualification is n't worth a squat in europe . 
  celta or tesol are usually the only accepted non-tertiary vocational courses accepted . 
  in asia it 's far more viable to get hired purely on the basis of the prestige of having a western graduate but in europe , especially in the countries you 've mentioned ( in contrast with some more relaxed places like spain or poland ) , education is king . 
  they typically want to see some respected vocational training . 
  a bachelors in a unrelated subject is n't enough to hold any real sway ( there 's no shortage of people educated at international standard universities here ) . 
  it does n't hurt at all , and there are many jobs for which a bachelors and sometimes even a masters is a requirement . 
  experience is a plus but experience in asia is n't rated that highly as it 's typically very hard to verify references and/or the credibility of the institution ( china is still better for this than places like cambodia and laos though at least ) . 
  being native helps but do n't forget there are over 60 million native english speakers in the eu and british english is still the preferred form of the language . 
  good luck to you , you 've got the citizenship so you 're past the hard part , but frankly if you think the countries you 've listed have a huge demand for english teachers and desperately need to import native speakers you 're going to be sadly disappointed . 
  the mentality is vastly different from asia . 
  they 're not desperately trying to lure native english speakers out there due to lack . 
  you can either emigrate there , function within their societies , and also happen to work as an english teacher , or you can not go at all . 
  i also ca n't really understand why you have n't included countries like france , germany , and spain , as they are much larger with vastly greater economies and thus far more job opportunities . 
  make your decision wisely , i do hope you realise that if you stay there a while you 're going to have to start learning the language so that should factor in which country you choose . 
  given what you have : bachelor 's , 2 years asia experience , native command of the language , it 's not impossible for you to get a job in europe , but they 're not going to be inundated with offers , you 'll probably have to defend your lack of vocational training , and it 's unlikely that they 'll take you seriously until you 've secured somewhere to live in the area . 
  first off your attitude sucks ... get real . 
  it 's not about knowing `` thy '' place at all , and i can assure you canadians get no benefits teaching in europe over americans . 
  your problem is your visa status ( oh and fyi visa rules are often reciprocal and the us visa restriction on eu citizens working are stricter than the majority of eu countries , so if it is n't easy for you to move then blame your domestic politics ) . 
  britons , at least for now , and irish people have the advantage of being able to start tomorrow on account of their eu citizenship , and as english teacher is a relatively ordinary job and not a grand professorship in something unique , that 's what often takes priority over how many letters you have after your name or how many years you 've worked in the field . 
  why sponsor an american with a phd and 10 years experience for this role when it would mean complicated and expensive paperwork when there 's a british guy with a ba and 3 years experience waiting to come tomorrow , they 'll be teaching english not lecturing in the physics department . 
  the latter will probably much happier with the pay and working conditions too . 
  the truth is that english teacher is a very ordinary job in europe , even in universities , and that make it not worth setting up visas to fill the positions . 
  there is no great lack of native speaking individuals in most of europe . 
  if you 're expecting a nice comfortable salary off the back of tefl in europe then you 're dreaming . 
  that said , you 're bitching while being in a position of immense advantage , having a phd and all , so stop bitching please , it makes you seem like a spoilt brat . 
  with a phd there are tonnes of opportunities for you to work in europe that would n't be open to ordinary folk . 
  you could simple move to germany and get a free lance visa tomorrow . 
  you wo n't have access to public insurance or state benefits but it really should n't be hard for someone with a phd to scratch a living as a freelance teacher/copywriter/proof reader etc , and from there you can move towards finding more well paid freelance work . 
  if you 're just firing off your cv to job positions that do n't specify that they 're willing to support a visa then you 're going about this entirely the wrong way . 
  i work with plenty of yanks , the ones that successfully made the move did so because they have a lot of nouce and did n't expect to have the red carpet rolled out upon their arrival . 
  i want to get off mrs. may 's wild ride :(, 
  except there 's more :, 
   `` article 50 can not have the effect of ejecting a member state from the european union contrary to its own constitutional requirements '', 
  uk 1st constitutional principle is that parliament is sovereign . 
  have to agree , his `` catcalling '' was far to aggressive and escalated way to quickly to be authentic . 
  edit : i do n't mean that this is definitely fake , but either we missed the escalation of events or this is scripted . 
  the guy does n't swear once , he 's delivering insults at a mile a minute , everything happens very fast . 
  the guy stops the van conveniently soon after the incident ( would n't he want to get away from the area ? ) . 
  anyway it 's just a bit unusual in my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying that women do n't suffer this degree of abuse or worse . 
  i 'm not trying to belittle the reality . 
  i just find this interaction a bit off . 
  point is that if parliament later ruled against the article 50 proceeding and decided it wanted to remain then it might be against the eu rules to actually then kick the uk out . 
  of course with our cowardly parliament under may and corbyn this is unlikely , but that 's the situation anyway . 
  i did n't mean it was too extreme but in my opinion the way he does it unrealistic . 
  he starts very aggressively and it escalates ridiculously fast . 
  i think in real life it tends to happen in a more drawn out and probably more sinister way and escalate more progressively . 
  it 's not the scale i think is unrealistic but rather the way it happens . 
  no offence but you sound very ideological right now . 
  all i meant is that this thing we 're looking at here , this interaction between two human beings , does n't play out like a real human interaction to me , regardless of the material . 
  it 's all too fast , the reactions do n't quite flow like it should , there 's no much pausing in between different things happen that i would think typical of real life unscripted behaviour . 
  that 's to say nothing about the scale and type of harassment women actually suffer , just that i get a bit of a artificial vibe from this interaction . 
  in my limited personal experience the cat calling i 've seen is actually more sinister , as it rarely involves straight out abuse and takes a more creepy sexual tone . 
  i think one thing anyone can consent to that if this is real incident it 's unusual in how directly confrontational it is . 
  guys shouting out of windows in passing and following women around at 10 mph making sexual remarks is far more common . 
  just a few things . 
  the speed at which everyone reacts to what 's going on . 
  the constant stream of abuse coming from the guy without much pause . 
  the fact he stops the van so soon after she hits his window , a public scene has been created , would n't he want to get away at this point . 
  anyway , it might be real , it just has a bit of a too convenient and smooth tone imo , but it 's impossible to be sure . 
  why do people spectate rally driving ? 
  because it 's fun . 
  you see a rider go past every few minutes . 
  you can ago around . 
  near the popular sections there will often be screens to watch the rest of the course too . 
  i think the best would be to put a lot pressure on a lack of faith in her as party leader . 
  with enough support from the grass roots her own party could easily oust here from the pm spot . 
  the answer is good things :d, 
  first year philosophy students are the worst . 
  especially if they have no previous experience the subject at school . 
  many come in thinking it 's all going to be discussions about the meaning of life , and everyone will care about their half baked stoned thoughts on drivel . 
  the worst however are the ones that have already decided to be radical marxists/critical theorists/hegelians/derridans whatever ( there 's a strong cross over between these types and radical sjw type thinking i 'm afraid ) . 
  first year they 'll put their hands up during the first lecture of logic i and ask if the professor has considered the historicity of inference , or claim the law of excluded middle is ontologically reductive , or worse yet state that formal logic is a product of imperialist european culture or the patriarchy . 
  there are certain trigger words in philosophy that should make any sane person run a mile , especially if they 're not discussing that work of the author who used them but rather are being applied to real life topics . 
  bringing metaphysics into your political discussion is a sure sign of a left wing radical who treats philosophy more like a cult or religion than the study of knowledge . 
  this is actually a serious problem in philosophy with hundred of articles and books on the issue . 
  the people who talk about it at parties tend to not really know anything about the material . 
  explaining the phenomenological character of a sense experience is a serious issue in philosophy of mind though . 
  when you get down to it , it 's an incredibly difficult issue that that seems virtually impossible to explain empirically .
