  nobody is forcing the us to spend so much on military , they do it for entirely selfish reasons and many countries would welcome a cut back in us spending . 
  somehow europe is both soon to become a caliphate due to brainless liberals allowing their culture to be destroyed by foreign hordes and a bastion of right wing extremism that is so racist that anyone who is other than white fears to tread the streets after dark . 
  look your strange books analogy is going nowhere . 
  furthermore your point about no need for politics if we could afford these things is absurd . 
  countries that do have both healthcare and free university have politics too you know . 
  you do n't seem to be even expressing your point . 
  truth is many countries in europe have higher rates of taxation , less poverty and higher gdp . 
  they also have less resources and do n't speak the world 's language . 
  thus the idea that we ca n't have an efficient system with both free healthcare and free university education is absolutely fucking bullshit . 
  the answer is to fix our system and make it more like theirs , not to sell it to profiteers resigning ourselves as too incompetent to manage our finances . 
  this argument is so fucking retarded its not worth of a rebuttal . 
  i live in germany where we are both richer and have more social benefits . 
  we also have a higher rate of immigration from eastern europe . 
  somehow this kind of retarded us vs them argument is not a thing here . 
  let 's not kid ourselves here a big factor in this is political , of mice and men subtly critiques all american ideas like rugged individualism , frontier capitalism and so on . 
  wow you are naive if you think that merely because it 's possible to have healthcare and education that we will have it by default . 
  you really do n't understand politics . 
  it does not benefit the wealthiest and more influential people to have to pay tax , they would rather shift responsibility to the individual since they know they can pay for what they want anyway , why should they have to pay for the society from which they profit is their fucked up logic . 
  as i 've said before , germany has higher tax , socialised healthcare and free university places , they also manage to make money money whilst paying these burdens . 
  the uk is political sprectum is deluded by free market ideology and this is why half of what made britain a great country is being sold off to private individuals . 
  it 's nothing to do with `` ca n't afford it '' and everything to do with `` do n't want to pay for it '' . 
  this is a perfect example of how ignorant you are . 
  50p on the pound is not the top tax rate , it was a plan of labour 's they would 've implemented had they come to power . 
  are n't you embarrassed at how confidently you spout ignorance ? 
  amazingly people are n't flocking from germany or denmark despite having higher tax rates than us . 
  like i said their gdp per capita is higher than ours , so it does n't seem to be affecting their economies either . 
  why do n't try thinking about politics rather than just spouting out clich\u00e9s . 
  for a few pennies on the pound across all tax brackets we could fund the higher education of our entire society , a long term strategy that would probably pay off due to a more educated workforce , yet some idiots have decided that having that money to spend on their person whims , thus you 'll be paying a sizeable debt through your 20s and 30s . 
  this is the perfect example of the fucked up situation in the uk , because every debate is framed in the terms of us and them , the feckless undeserving working classes stealing our money vs the capitalists who only want make money . 
  the truth is in other countries they manage to balance a healthy society with a good economy because they 're no constantly blaming the imaginary other for their any short comings their country may have . 
  that 's pure bollocks my friend . 
  there is literally no difference apart in name from the way employers pay into separate insurances like health and unemployment than putting the whole thing into income tax and dealing with it that way . 
  do n't try and get out of the 50p tax thing , it 's an absolute crock of shit you 've just spread around . 
  the kind of thing ignorant middle class tories tell each other . 
  furthermore germany pays out more per capita in benefits than the uk does , despite certain limitations , so do n't give me some bullshit about the uk 's being the `` most generous '' , absolute lies . 
  i 'm actually laughing about industries not relying on the state , do you know how much of german industry is at least partially nationalised ? 
  the uk can absolutely afford to pay for these things , after all it is still one of the richest economies in the world and is growing faster than any european country including germany . 
  the differences are entirely ideological . 
  the uk is far too influenced by american style , get rich and fuck the poor thinking lacking a proper ethos of social responsibility because everyone is blaming another class or ethnic group for problems rather than addressing issues head on . 
  you are a perfect example of someone indoctrinated by this kind of moronic thinking . 
  fucking educate yourself and maybe you 'll start to see how things really are . 
  that 's our problem how ? 
  ironic that you 've just mentioned ukraine , which despite america 's gross military spending has had regions taken from it whilst he west does nothing . 
  what a fucking joke . 
  i ca n't believe you 're barely just past your gcse 's and think you can lecture on politics . 
  [ is this you ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9oq_tbf6j2a ), 
  people like you make me sick . 
  you have no sense of social responsibility and will delude yourself of anything . 
  it 's no surprise britain in called the sick man of europe . 
  good luck being like america , we all know how brilliant that society is . 
  fyi germany 's debt is 79 % of gdp , the uk 's is 90 % . 
  hardly this massive surplus you 're talking about . 
  furthermore eu immigrants contribute more to the system overall than they take out . 
  so please tell me more about how they 're sapping the benefits system ? 
  it 's nothing to do with fucking leeching off the state you fucking lowlife scum , it 's about giving people a chance at social mobility , something that the uk is appalling at you . 
  you fucking disgust me , you 're a brainwashed shit for brains and that 's all there is to it . 
  it 's not , which is why it 's hilarious that you mention it . 
  one alcohol please, 
  you sound you my dad ? 
  you 're the one who ca n't even get basic logic in your arguments for fuck 's sake ? 
  have you seen the value of the euro lately ? 
  have you seen the dax vs the ftse or the dow jones . 
  second fuck off with your euro immigrants stealing jobs routine it 's an absolute falsehood . 
  it 's been shown time and time again that euro immigration not only provides a net benefit in the uk in terms of tax , but they also fill a labour shortage taking jobs that uk nationals do not want to do . 
  if you restricted european immigration it would not solve any unemployment issues , in fact it would make the uk a lot poorer because you 'd have the same unemployment , less tax payers , and a labour shortage that uk national unemployed would not want to fix . 
  finally do n't talk to me about fucking social mobility . 
  you do not increase social mobility by giving breaks to businesses , all that fucking does is increase social mobility for the lucky few while reducing it for everyone else . 
  do n't fucking talk to me about apprenticeships either , germany has the best apprenticeships in the world and the reason they work , unlike britain 's broken system , is because those apprenticeships lead to well paid , regulated job backed by strong unions , the very opposite of what the tories want . 
  germany 's strong economy is a direct reaction to not being like the tories and letting nepotism creep into our culture with this ridiculous attitude of self-made men being the brave and the bold , the only ones deserving of wealth whilst the salary man gets fucking the arse . 
  our success can be directly attributed to maintain the idea of a fair day 's pay for a fair day 's work and keeping the salaries for ordinary middle class people ( not fucking entrepreneurs ) at a high level . 
  yes , even the people who do the shit unskilled jobs deserve a good rate of pay , unlike what the tories would have . 
  you really believe this shit which is sad , but all your arguments are clich\u00e9s you hear time and time again from middle class tories who do n't know the first about left wing wing politics can be more successful economically than the shitshow in the uk . 
  america is a terrible example for the uk and its influence on it has sent it well off path when it comes to politics . 
  i know the right wing ethos in the uk well and people there genuinely believe they that left wing = economically unsustainable . 
  funny how nobody was saying this during the early blair years when the uk was doing very well . 
  truth is the british left have been painted as incompetent and weak , but the tories are going to sell you down the fucking river , end of story . 
  the majority will be poorer , your society will be more unjust and have greater inequality , and your industry will continue to flounder as everyone fights for the scraps of the wealthy rather than be satisfied with ordinary working life . 
  what ? 
  except the population is roughly 1/5th of the united states , making it a little bit more important than texas . 
  maybe if you combined texas , california and few other low population states , it would be about the same . 
  what 's interesting is that if you look at self-reported heritage records america has been losing british-americans by the tens of millions every couple of decades or so . 
  if we go on historical records taken from immigrants at the time of arrival in the us we see the british is actually the second largest nationality in the us after german . 
  however if we look at the self-reporting done in every census you 'd think british were only a tiny part of the us . 
  truth is the retarded revisionist historical narrative that now pervades the us has made it uncool to be of british descent . 
  people are far more likely to remember that one irish great-grandmother and claim to be irish , ignoring the lion 's share of their relatives who were boring old wasps . 
   the management of the euro is basically controlled by germany since you are the main economy within the eu . 
  the euro itself may be weak , but you can not deny the simple fact germany 's economy is one of the strongest in the world . 
  it can take advantage of the weak euro because it is run primarily on exports much like china . 
  a weak currency is favourable for an export based economy . 
  this is literally entry level economics . 
  obviously it benefits us when the euro is low in value , but that does n't mean we do n't have more economic burdens with immigrants and the eastern economies than you pulling us down . 
  do n't hear us bitching like spoilt brats . 
   this is the falsehood and it is frankly a pisstake . 
  they take all the jobs then complain british people do n't want to work . 
  this is like buying out all the houses in the country for yourself then complaining no one wants to buy a home . 
  oh yes it 's a big conspiracy . 
  the people down the job centre in the uk will be rushing to grab dirty factory work and agricultural labour that 's for certain . 
   can you at least make up your mind on this ? 
  you first told me that people leaching off the system is a myth , now you are telling me that everyone in the uk is lazy and idle .
