   being unwilling to be at the forefront of that because `` you have nothing to prove '' is extremely short sighted . 
  do you think britain does n't add to those things ? 
  we 're like the world leader in the production of satellite technology . 
  we manufactured many of the probes that went to space with your space programme . 
  ever heard of a little company called bae systems ? 
  the american government literally pays us billions to engineer your hi-tech weapons . 
  we 'll stick the science and engineering and let the youngsters go around doing the glory hogging by putting the fruits of our work into practice , consider it our gift to your young nation . 
  just because we choose not to hog the limelight by having our own programme does n't mean we do nothing . 
  why should a country with 64 million people have to keep carrying the world as we did through the 19th century ? 
  it 's ridiculous that our little island has been so much more productive than the rest of the world that we were ever the dominant culture in the world . 
   you wear american clothing, 
  not really , adidas trainers ( german ) , diesel jeans ( italian ) , barbour jacket ( british ) . 
  leading fashion houses are almost all european . 
  we laugh at yanks for their ill fitting clothing and overly macho fashion choices . 
  there 's a reason why the best brands write `` london paris new york '' on their shops rather than `` new york los angeles chicago '' . 
   use american computers, 
  no we primarily use hardware made in asia by asian countries , apple is pretty much the only us brand and it 's a minority market share . 
  if you said software then maybe you 'd have a point , but `` computers '' , not at all . 
   eat american food, 
  this is laughable . 
  america barely has a cuisine of it 's own . 
  it 's pretty much just european food made unhealthier . 
  i ca n't even think of an american food . 
  burger ? 
  german . 
  pizza ? 
  italian . 
  apple pie ? 
  british/french . 
  german . 
  i mean seriously , you guys have so little food that you have to say `` as american as apple pie '' which is n't even american . 
  it 's a good metaphor for america generally , a tacky inferior rehash of europe . 
   listen to american music, 
  again , that 's funny , given that half the best selling english speaking artists of all time come from the uk . 
  seriously the us is obsessed with british music . 
  why is that a country with 320 million people can barely keep up with a small island with 1/5 its population in terms of creative output , it 's embarrassing . 
   drive american cars, 
  this one is super funny too . 
  the only us brand of car that sells significantly in europe is ford , and that 's ford ( europe ) , produced in germany , selling totally different set of cars all designed for the european market . 
  `` made in the usa '' is a death kiss for car exports since they 're notoriously terrible , and even americans laugh about it . 
  it 's funny that you think you 're the ones who 've influenced us just because we might occasionally eat at mcdonalds , drink a coke , or see an american film , meanwhile you 're speaking our language , operating a legal system based on ours , you 're even starting to join the rest of the world in playing our globally popular sports . 
   the sun has set on the british empire . 
  enjoy your twilight , because we 'll be the light in the darkness of your future night . 
  it 's cute that you believe this . 
  american influence has been waning at a ridiculous rate since the 80s . 
  if anything , the us is our footnote . 
  the historians in 1000 years will regard you as little more as an extension of our legacy . 
  a brief interlude of economic and cultural dominance from an ex-british colony between the fall of the british empire and the rise of asia . 
  if you expect a country with a mere 320 million people to compete with countries over a billion like china and indian in the future then you 're as unrealistic as the british people at the start of the 20th century who expected the british empire to last another 100 years . 
  the pool is the pool , the baths are the building in which the pool is housed . 
  k m8 , did n't realise you were the fastest draw in the west . 
   if there was competition you could move your wealth to another currency and this would create some kind of incentive to not fuck with the currency to begin with . 
  i 'm pretty sure you can do this . 
  persecution complex much ? 
  no one in this thread is seriously suggesting simply type the numbers back into the computer . 
  it 's called a joke . 
  the only belief that does n't conform to reality here is your belief in some kind of invisible circlejerk of redditors taking this joke to be serious advice . 
  there 's something about the language and tone of these kind of automated messages that really makes me want to subscribe . 
  i was kinda disappointed that cat facts was n't a thing :(, 
  that 's not how any of this works . 
  firstly , the us dollar is fiat . 
  secondly , there are very few currencies that are n't fiat , i ca n't think of any countries still on the gold standard or whatever . 
  thirdly , gold and real estate do devalue all the time since both are intrinsically linked to the value of currency , gold typically rising in value when the economy is faring badly and real estate typically depreciating when the economy is faring badly . 
  my point was merely , that if you do n't like what your government is doing with its currency , you are free to buy the currency of another country that takes a more conservative approach . 
  for example , scandinavian countries tend to hate inflation . 
  typically they keep interest rates low even during boom times and avoid any attempts to stimulate the economy during downturns . 
  in this sense these currencies are often safer bets than the dollar , they offer less return but they are also more insulated the boom / bust cycle of foreign markets . 
  hell , norway even has negative national debt . 
  unless you 're an oil producing nation you need n't be worried . 
  the petrodollar is not the same as not being able buy oil in other currencies fyi . 
  you can buy oil with whatever currency you want . 
  also you as an individual are free to put all your savings into norwegian krona , swiss francs , or whatever currency you feel will benefit your most greatly . 
   the entire colonial exploits of these countries outside europe : a few caribbean islands and south jersey, 
  wow this guy knows his history ... 
  firstly no , this is not an underground train . 
  the trains in the uk underground have climate control because they 're like 100m below he ground at points . 
  that said , none of the underground trains in munich have air con , and even in the mid summer it does n't get that hot . 
  underground places tend to be cooler unless they 're highly insulated . 
  gridiron is n't even football , it 's handegg . 
  there should be tiered groups . 
  guys like this will all be playing with at least good quality weaponry . 
  i 'm sure there are beginner groups where you can only use a loaner weapon and intermediate level play where most people will only have a spent a few hundred on their kit . 
  lol what a fucking pretentious nutjob . 
  uk covering all bases with infant , child and bairn . 
  literally all the regional american dialects are sexier imo ( maybe not new jersey ), 
  no it 's not . 
  the newcaster accent in any country is just a reflection of that culture 's prestige pronunciation combined with clear diction , nothing else . 
  every country has their own version , also each country 's concept of prestige pronunciation changes throughout the years . 
  in the us in the 1930s the prestige accent was transatlantic , like the one fraiser uses , and sounded almost british . 
  by the 1960s they were speaking in very east coast fashion so that they sounded like someone from the hamptons . 
  now they sound almost like they 're from the midwest . 
  there is no such thing as not having an accent because their is no consensus on how english should be spoken . 
  should - r 's always be pronounced ? 
  should words like patty and paddy sound the same ? 
  should words like cot and caught have different vowels ? 
  what about calm and com ? 
  are dew and do homophones ? 
  there 's no consensus on this even within countries , nevermind between them . 
  the very suggestion that there 's such a thing as the absence of an accent is ignorance of the highest order . 
  you americans and your obsession with pronouncing words phonetically .
