  compare :, 
   if i can find a clock i will know the time, 
   if i could find a clock i would know the time, 
  these sentences clearly mean different things . 
  in english we call these the 1st and 2nd conditionals . 
  the 2nd conditional , the 2nd sentence , has what we might call an irrealis conditional mood . 
  we use it to talk about more hypothetical situations . 
  in implication of its use is usually that either i ) the antecedent does n't actually obtain e.g ( if we all had jetpacks there would be no traffic jams ) ii ) the antecedent is unlikely to obtain ( if iceland won the world cup there would be a party iii ) the antecedent can not obtain ( if i could just grow 6 inches i would be tall ) . 
   i wish i could grow taller, 
  is another example of the preterite form of a modal verb being used to express the irrealis mood . 
  we use it to express wishes and desires for which we have no grounds to believe they will actually come to be . 
  finally compare :, 
   james says , `` i can lift a car '', 
   james says he can lift a car, 
   james said he could lift a car, 
  this is part of tense agreement in reported speech . 
  when we report things in the past tense indirectly ( not a direct quote ) , english requires that we drop our tenses back . 
  so now you can see more clearly what the general difference between the present tense modals are and the past tense modals are . 
  when used deliberately they tend to express a difference in the nature of the statement either expressing the irrealis mood , point out that while `` x therefore y '' is a true statement , you 're not necessary suggesting that x is , or is even likely , to be the case . 
   you could become a great man, 
   you can become a great man, 
  as well as to indicate that we 're talking in the past tense through tense agreement with with the main clause of a sentence e.g, 
   they agreed that the practice should end . 
  now you understand the theory and logic of it , in reality , it 's not such an easy distinction in real life . 
  for example ,, 
  `` he said we might go '', 
  `` he said we may go '', 
  would clearly be interpreted as having different meanings , in the 2nd sentence the deliberate use of `` may '' rather than the preterite form would typically indicate that the speaker was talking about permission rather than possibility . 
  a real grammar stickler here might insist on `` he said we were allowed to go '' , but the vast majority of english speaking natives do n't care for such nannyish rules . 
   we may go, 
   we might go, 
  would probably be interpreted as having an identical semantic value by many english speakers , whereas a minority might see `` we may go '' as the stronger statement and `` might '' being somewhat less optimistic . 
  again , if you dialect uses `` shall '' frequently , as many british dialects do , then a statement like :, 
   should we go ? 
  sounds ever so slightly like someone is asking to know your deepest thoughts about the moral status of leaving ( although you 'd ignore this in most contexts , as the context would indicate whether that were the case ) , as, 
   shall we go ? 
  would be more typical . 
  whereas if you speak an american dialect of english it probably sounds equivalent to the latter in british english . 
  sadly modal verb usage , in any language is never clean and obvious , because modality is a complicated beast and speaker will deal with it intuitively without caring too much about consistency or grammatical logical . 
  natural language is never the well behaved system of representation that some purists might hope for . 
  i have encountered it and i 'm a foreigner that only started german 2 years ago . 
  that said , only in a literary context . 
  two way street meaning , landlords are actively permitted to nose through you personal finances in a humiliating fashion and judge your worth as a human being before they bestow you the privilege of paying them money just to stay of the streets . 
  the kind of dealer that would indiscriminately sell weed to anyone who asks , such as a tourist , probably is a full blown crook though . 
  this is so true . 
  there is so much more to life than merely brains and worth ethic , which is what most people think in terms in ( with many arrogant people overestimated the brains part of the calculation ) . 
  in reality it 's a complex mixture of many many elements . 
  for example , a huge factor that is underestimated in success is your consistency . 
  of the people i 've known from childhood , the ones that are more successful in their 30s are n't the one who were considered super smart kids , and i mean that both in terms of the ones who were quietly book smart and aced every test , and in terms of the ones who were just generally considered smart because their ability to answer questions in class and talk in a way that seemed more intelligent than their peers . 
  it 's not the most popular kids with most developed social skills that necessarily became successful either , although i think as on the whole the more the popular the kid the better they tend to generally ( i.e the less chance of them fucking up completely ) . 
  in reality , the most successful people i know from my childhood are the really consistent types that seemed somewhat unremarkable academically and personality-wise at school , but were well adjusted , consistent , realistic , and practical . 
  these are the kinds of people who just chose a goal , buckled down trying to achieve , and consistently worked towards achieving it . 
  now over a decade later they 've already achieved that goal and are reaping the benefits in terms of wealth and security . 
  the rest of the people i know from childhood , we 're all around 30 now , have either switched career paths at lot or never found a career they really committed to . 
  many are still living in the lives did when they were 22 , working the same relatively low level jobs ( and i do n't mean at mcdonalds , i mean jobs that pay ok even above average pay but simply do n't pay enough to make savings and long term life decisions ) . 
  i know people the same age as me that are already paying to pensions , are already many years into mortgages , and are setting themselves up to be wealthy for life . 
  and i know people who are knocking around in bars after work every day with no commitments and salaries that they 're just getting by with , but no general career direction or plans for the future . 
  fact is that most people work hard , they drag themselves off to work every morning , they do their jobs to the best of their ability , furthermore many people are smart , they have degrees , they work jobs that require someone with a brain , people working in it , education , scientific research etc. 
  does n't mean they 're successful by the standards of society though . 
  that 's bad advice . 
  the anti-histamine in otc sleep medication is not intended to be used every day long term . 
  you can actually make yourself sick and do damage to your body using it that way . 
  it can also be addictive . 
  people getting addicted/dependent on nytol and stuff all the time . 
  best advice to see a gp . 
  ambien can be habit forming but is generally used without problems . 
  there 's much worse stuff like strong benzos that are what you want to stay away from . 
  ultimately your gp will help you make the best decision . 
  if it were n't for that then i would be fat as fuck . 
  i have strange eating habits . 
  in the mornings i have no hunger whatsoever , and anything more than a yogurt will make me feel uncomfortably full . 
  you do n't actually need to eat as much as people believe , you can easily go a day without food if done right . 
  sometimes i 'll go most of the day before remembering to eat . 
  danger is low blood sugar , that 's worse if you eat sugary food . 
  maybe she told johnson that she was furious about leaks , told hunt that she was irritated with leaks , and told davis that she was hopping mad about leaks . 
  whichever one gets reported in the press must be the leak !, 
  yeah , that 's what makes this stupid . 
  if he 'd made that case at the time then fair enough , declaring the teaching inadequate in retrospect so long after the time is worthless . 
  we can easily afford that . 
  knock like 1 % off the boomers pensions and we 've done it . 
  do n't tell people to `` be thankful '' for having to pay for what is clearly a need not a want . 
  do n't act like this generation is spoilt for wanting exactly what most rich people in the uk these days had ... a free higher education . 
  if the voting majority actually gave a damn about the future they 'd be volunteering their tax money to pay for it . 
  stupid logic . 
  think of it as a % of the mean income if that makes you feel better . 
  the percentage in of the average income it cost to go to uni in the uk is too damn high . 
  do n't pretend that just because it 's more expensive in a few other place that therefore it 's ok . 
  go away . 
  just because many british people are too myopic and selfish to realise that investing in education is an investment in the future economy of the country , does n't mean it 's untrue . 
  except for society it is a need . 
  not everyone need go , but there needs to be good access the higher education and the more the better . 
  just because you did one thing does n't mean that anyone can or that it 's even a good thing that you had to do it way . 
  i 'm all for vocational education , but do n't act like it 's equivalent to going to university . 
  it 's nothing to do with fucking dance degrees - seriously that 's some daily mail level bullshit right there . 
  most of those `` soft '' degrees are product of fees , made to fulfil a demand for higher education that did n't exist before fees . 
  the voting majority should give up a share of money for that and would if they had a shred of scruples . 
   rich people did n't get a free higher education , they actually pay more since the grants are means tested . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  i 'm not talking about people who were already rich ( rich families more like ) when they went to university , i 'm talking about the millions of people in the uk who went to university for free prior to 1991 who now have more opportunity and more money as a product thanks to the tax payer . 
  even though money is a factor , it 's not even about money , university is a good in itself as well .
