  i think people who copy paste their opinions and topics from other sources should be treated with equal contempt . 
  germans love degree abbreviations in all officious scenarios , they really do care that this guy has a masters and this guy has a bachelors . 
  of course if you 've a doctorate then you rule them all , and every get to call yourself `` herr doktor '' , so you 'd be mr doctor greatzeusbeard . 
  as i 've said to brexiteers before , deliberately causing your currency to lose value due to political uncertainty with the expectation that exports will thrive and the trade deficit narrow is very much like throwing a 5 year old into the atlantic ocean and hoping he turns out to be an olympic swimmer . 
  countries with heavy export based economies try to keep their currency value down because they know it benefits them . 
  what we 're doing is like taking steroids and then lying around all day eating salad hoping we 'll get muscular . 
  if a weak currency ( and consequent cheaper labour and lower living standards ) , were the key to economic success then india would be the richest place in the world right now . 
  basically that 's all the currency devaluation has achieved . 
  britons now work the same but they get paid less , because the pounds they take home now buy less . 
  in fact much of what brexit has achieved could 've been achieved more effectively by everyone simply agreeing to take a 10-20 % pay cut , and that would n't have had all the other negative effects like reduced investment and plans to move jobs abroad . 
  that 's the joke ... 
  it 's a bit more interesting that , given you can have plenty of food , water , vitamins , however , with sufficient lack of sleep you will die . 
  sure , if the body is designed around sleep then i can see why you would n't function right without it , but the fact that from an evolutionary perspective , if you do n't sleep you will die , is kinda fascinating . 
  damn , how can someone have such a crazy life when i 'm just sitting around working , eating , fapping , shitting , and sleeping :'(, 
  i 've found in much of europe whenever they make `` american bread '' they insist on making taste sugary as shit , just like the worst quality bread in the us . 
  it 's like their mentality is `` fuck you , if you want american bread then you 're getting the real deal '' . 
  occasionally i 've come across hot dog and burger buns that were made with legit nice non-american bread , but they 're not that easy to track down . 
  often the in house versions are better than the packaged shit . 
  in my experience australia is more rule obsessed than safety obsessed . 
  as a kid i always imagined australia being super laid back and chill , with people doing whatever the fuck they wanted much like much of the mediterranean . 
  actually it 's dead opposite , and the cunts have rules for everything . 
  where you have to wear a shirt ... where you have to wear shoes ... where you can carry a skateboard ... where you can have a beer . 
  it 's fucking rule crazy , it 's worse than germany . 
  not even good rules , just dumb as shit petty rules . 
  it 's like the government were scared you guys would turn feral if they did n't regulate you to fuck . 
  time will tell , sooner or later ... time will tell ... [ cue intro music ] ... [ body shivers ] ( https://youtu.be/_r6xcwcf_vu?t=130 ), 
  no , the only reason you have n't felt that changes yet is because it takes time for price hikes to make their way down the chains of production to you the consumers . 
  companies will do everything they can to soften the blow to consumers because they do n't want to lose their business . 
  they will cut every corner and even forego profits to ensure that their product does n't just jump in price by 10-20 % , as this would cut heavily into their market share as loyal customers turned to cheaper brands due to concerns about the cost . 
  nonetheless , virtually everything in the uk is unavoidably going to go up in cost by 10-20 % over the next year . 
  certain products without the same degree of insulation in their supply chains have already gone up in price e.g electronics hardware . 
  this is a process that will continue until it covers literally everything you consume . 
  if you have n't noticed these price hikes yet it 's because you 're not paying attention . 
  if you work in a business that relies on imports ( like most business do in some fashion ) , then you 'll be acutely aware of the cost increases that are coming . 
  this country produces almost nothing internally , the only place where companies are making saving now is by paying britons like you less money for your time and labour , however this will only have a tiny impact on the things your consume , because virtually everything your consume relies on foreign labour . 
  tescos is now making a modest saving by paying its employees 10-20 % less salary that it had to before , but sadly this is only a small part of tesco 's greater costs , which is the price for the material they purchase in vast quantities for sale in their supermarkets . 
  stop lying to yourself and pretending you have n't lost 10-20 % of your income . 
  it 's a matter of fact that you already have . 
  not to mention the fact that we 'll be seeing greater quantitative easing now with no deficit reduction and therefore the currency is unlikely to get much stronger , and also article 50 may involve another drop in the pound , we could even see a vat hike to pay for brexit . 
  all these things are a sign of a weak economy and will inevitable lead to a reduction in the purchasing power of your wages , meaning your quality of life is set to fall by a significant amount . 
  in a heavily import based economy like the uk 's a drop in currency value equates virtually 1 to 1 with a rise in the cost of living and consequent decline in living standard . 
  it 's an incontrovertible economic reality . 
  for a country like the us it might have been different , because they produce and manufacture so much stuff internally that a drop in currency value , while it pushes up import costs , can have give a positive boost to the internal market ( due to reduced labour costs ) , which means some things get cheaper , and the overall purchasing power of a dollar to an american living in america does n't change . 
  however , this is simply no way this can happen in the uk because so much of course economy is dependent on the outside that reduced labour costs domestically can never compensate for the increased cost of import . 
  i mean ffs we are a small island with few natural resources with 64 million people cramped onto it , we are in the worst position in the world to be a self reliant economy , we are one of the most outwardly dependent nations in the world ( why do you think we had an empire ) , it 's simple geography . 
   not everything will go up and you are exaggerating . 
  yes it will , even domestic producers , say strawberry farmers in lincolnshire , are n't entirely insulated from the increase in costs . 
   the decrease in the pounds value only really matters for imports or imported related products . 
  industries within the economy do not exist in a vacuum . 
  there is no business the uk that will remain unaffected . 
  sadly every business in the uk is an import related business because even a domestic producers that does everything themselves and buys everything british ( as if such a thing could exist ) , still relies on the money in consumers ' wallets to turn a profit . 
  if those consumers are spending more to acquire necessary imported goods and services they will unavoidably have less money in their wallets to spend . 
  moreover , almost all industries have a greater reliance on imported products than the ideal domestic producers . 
  the only industries that will see a net benefit are those for whom the domestic labour cost is the biggest price factor , over and above all other costs like raw materials ( that are inevitably imported ) , labour intensive manufactured goods ( that are inevitably manufactured overseas ) , and these industries are few . 
   there is an erosion of people 's purchasing power and it is likely that wages will nowhere near keep up with inflation but it wo n't be dramatic overnight and the uk wo n't fall into the sea . 
  where did i say that the uk would fall into the sea . 
  poorer countries like spain do n't fall into the sea do they ? 
  they just get on with being poorer , which is what the uk is going to have to do . 
   by trying to make it sound dramatic you only debase people 's belief in economic projections when they end up not dying of starvation in the next quarter . 
  i think the opposite , people need to be told exactly how bad it is , and only a dramatic tone will communicate that because so many brexiteers are consoling themselves with economically illiterate lies in order to absolve themselves from the sense of guilt they feel when life gets harder for ordinary people . 
  furthermore , when did 10-20 % rise in the cost of living over the next year equate to starvation in the next quarter . 
   things well get worse but in a slow erosion that will be easily scapegoated to a ` stingy employer ' , ` unfair trade practices ' or ` lazy unemployed people ' . 
  which is worse , because the real impact brexit has had on the nation , it 's massive downgrade in economic capacity and worth on the world stage , will be hidden from the people responsible due to scapegoats and fairy tales . 
  frankford !, 
  fronkfort !, 
  wow i did n't know that , guess steroids are just that effective . 
  i guess a better fitness analogy would be lying around the house doing nothing all day on a high protein high carbohydrate diet and expecting to get ripped rather than just fat . 
  how about solid proven neoliberal economic polices but with more focus on using social policy to promote equality , adequate benefits , saving opportunities for the middle class etc. 
  that 's what 's popular because it fucking works . 
  it 's just in the uk the government deliberately fails to implement it because they can more readily line their own pockets in a country full of political inactive fruitcakes with no sense of how the world works . 
  the biggest different between the uk and other european countries is that people in other european countries are far more engaged in their own society , because they feel like it works for them , rather than in the uk where every man for himself-ism is rife . 
   i ~ ~ do ~ ~ believe, 
  why are you stressing that this is a positive statement . 
   ~ ~ seek ~ ~ want/are looking for/desire, 
  contextually the wrong word . 
  gollum seeks the ring of power , cambridge do n't really seek a wide range of ideas , it wants them but it hardly seeks them . 
   ~ ~ utterly ~ ~ absolutely/totally/completely, 
  i know it sounds super british but it 's not right to use it in this case . 
  `` not utterly '' is a strange pairing given how emphatic the word `` utterly '' is . 
   ~ ~ advise ~ ~ advice, 
  noun form not verb form . 
  sorry i ca n't help that much because i 've never marked these papers , although i 've successfully tutored students the cae . 
  just do your best to express yourself clearly and correctly . 
  you seem to be at a pretty decent level , and it might be too late to try to completely adapt your writing style . 
  trying to force things into your prose in just over a week might do more harm than good . 
  aye , the yanks will be along soon enough to tell a country that 's spoken the language for far longer than their own young nation how to speak it . 
  nobody ever lost money underestimating public taste ... 
  yeah you sound like you 're trying too hard to be formal . 
  for example , a phrase like `` you know ; that sort of thing '' ( no - s ) is very much something that would only appear in spoken language and not in text . 
  `` i memorised a number of expressions , words , and other things like that . '', 
  would be a more natural way for a native speaker to write . 
  except on reddit it 's not really , because things that turn up in threads are seen by thousands of people who then go away thinking about that thing and it comes up again more often . 
  amazingly the only places the police give a shit , asides perhaps small communities with bored officers who have nothing to do , are places with high crime and poverty . 
  this just goes to show the laws against cannabis possession , and in a wider sense those against possession of all small quantities of drugs , is being exploited by the police as a tool to take a more heavy handed policing approach in problem areas . 
  let 's face it , someone could walk around much urban sprawl and suburbia smoking and unless you blow it in their face the police wo n't bat an eye . 
  however , go to dodgy area and the police are constantly on the look out , and will hassle and snoop on people if they see so much a roll up . 
  the only place i 've seen police actively looking for cannabis smokers , are in the poorer areas of major cities , and its these police who most flagrantly abuse stop and search laws in a fruitless attempt to curtain criminal activities . 
  all this police action tends to do is train discreet criminals who take precautions to elude the police , dealers who use runners only carrying small quantities , and stuff like that . 
  never actually dealing with the root problem . 
  which is good for governments at the public are as aware of crime and do n't see it as a problem .
