  `` he did it with intent '' and never, 
  `` he did it with intention '' although they might say `` it was his intention '' , which makes it specific again . 
  suggesting that intent has more generic meaning of general purposefulness over that of a specific goal . 
  anyway , i do n't think it 's a very serious grammar issue to worry about . 
  if you wanted a rule i guess it would be use `` intent '' for more generic desires and use intention for specific desires , avoid using intent with genitive phrases and clauses . 
  intent is certainly less frequent , and tends to be used in more formal language with generic descriptions of the nature of someone 's aim rather than its specific ends . 
  there 's certainly nothing wrong with how you 've seen people write on facebook , there 's absolutely nothing wrong with saying `` it was never my intention to ... '' or `` it 's my intention to ... '' . 
  i think you 'll find that in sentences like this intention is more common than intent . 
  well that 's not really realistic . 
  english is considered a neutral language in europe , it would take something cataclysmic for german or any other language to reach that popularity , thus it 's unfeasible that it would change . 
  brexit wo n't make a jot of difference to that . 
  however , demand for english is dropping in much of europe and has done for while now , particularly in the richer parts of central and northern europe , germany , austria , switzerland , denmark , holland etc. 
  although this is nothing to do with politics . 
  this is mostly due to saturation . 
  english has always been very popular in these countries , especially since the end of ww2 , and compared to most of the world they 've always had a great many more english speakers . 
  however , in the 90s and 00s a change of mentality took place . 
  while before the mentality was more that everyone should learn english in school , and from then on people could either continue to learn it or simply stop , during this period businesses started to acknowledge more and more that they needed english speaking staff to do business effectively in the single market and around the world . 
  this is because , while germany 's neighbours tended to be happy doing business in german ( in fact it 's still the case that much business between the netherlands and germany is conducted in german ) , companies started to realise that if they wanted to reach eu markets further afield more efficiently then english was the most effective language by a country mile . 
  of course , this was true even in the 60s and 70s , and big companies would naturally employ english speakers to access many foreign markets , however , in the 90s and 00s the landscape changed . 
  with the fall of the iron curtain the world became more globalised over night , then as the eu became more powerful and freedom of movement around europe was introduced it became ever more necessary for businesses , even smaller ones , to look further afield to keep up with the competition . 
  even small firms employing 20-30 people started to acknowledge that they needed competent english speaking staff to stay ahead of their competitors . 
  this created what i like to call the `` business english bubble '' . 
  increasingly , between approximately 1990-2010 the demand for this new product `` business english '' just kept growing . 
  the idea was that there was n't just `` english '' the language , but there was also this thing `` business english '' that was a more efficient means of training employees who might need to use english in a work context , businesses were much more amenable to paying for their staff to learn business english , as it seemed far less decadent than simply paying for your employees to have generic english language tuition . 
  we might take this for granted now but back then the concept was relatively new . 
  the demand for business english in this era just grew and grew in these countries . 
  this also coincided with a shift in the mentality around language learning as well . 
  previously language teaching was dominated by a more academic mentality , relying on explanations of an l2 in the learners native l1 , using translation regularly , and focussing heavily on reading comprehension and writing skills . 
  tefl as a whole over the last 30 years has moved harshly away from these concepts and instead now focuses on producing effective communicators . 
  it moved away from grammar explanations , and started to focus on generating procedural knowledge of grammar formation by means of examples , repetition , and self discovery ( whereby the student mostly `` figures out '' how it works themselves by experimenting in exercises and the teacher merely acts as a guide ) . 
  combine this with the fact that the eu was opening up and more employees in european firms did n't even have the national language as their l1 ( it became much more likely that if you taught english in a dutch firm you might have to teach a spaniard , two dutchies , and a german ) , and you have a situation where fluency in the national language became far less of a factor in employing teachers , opening the market to many more native english speakers , as let 's face it , only a tiny minority of native english speakers speak a foreign language fluently ( i know many teachers who 've lived in a european country for 5 years and still only have at best an intermediate grasp of the language ) . 
  companies also liked this , realising that as their intention was to turn out effective business communicators rather than teach their students the wonders of the language of shakespeare , they saw native tutors as ideal tools for getting their employees to actually communicate in the language rather than just learn how to translate it . 
  anyway , all of this led to a perfect storm for native english speaking teachers in europe . 
  the demand went way up and suddenly natives were absolutely in demand . 
  companies were racing to spend money on business english classes and tuition . 
  there was certainly money to be made by those native teachers who had access to those job markets at the time . 
  however , the current decade has seen a reversal in the trend . 
  i think this is because as the market changed , this in turn had an effect on the mentality of the people . 
  to the average person in these countries , when even small companies started to value english , english ceased to be seen as merely cool hobby and an academic accomplishment , but an absolute necessity if you want to do anything more than an incredibly mundane job for your whole life . 
  i mean even shop assistant positions in many places have started to require intermediate level english in the job description . 
  the national average standard has been upped again , and companies are now more and more starting to question whether they really need to pay for english tuition for their staff in order to maintain a competitive advantage . 
  the collective english ability of a typical small company will be high enough now that they can get by quite well , and lots of the younger staff that join already have better skills than some of the staff that have spent years receiving tuition ( although what do they expect as they 've grow up with english being a much more prominent part of their lives , 2 hours tuition a week ca n't compare with growing listening almost solely to english language music and watching thousands of hours of english language television ) . 
  consequently , we 're actually in a period of decline in the demand for english tuition in much of europe . 
  the business english bubble has burst , these days most people are at the level of english proficiency they are at through choice , if they 're happy being conversational b1 speakers then they 'll stay that way , the vast majority of people with the desire to go further have already done so or already have the opportunity to do so . 
  the trend is now down as companies see diminishing returns on their educational investment , they pay a lot to the companies that sell these products and often do n't see a marked change in their employees english fluency over the years . 
  increasingly english business tuition is seen as something employees enjoy because they get to relax , drink coffee , and chat in english , at best a sort of moral booster and incentive to join their company ( free language lessons are seen as a job `` perk '' ) rather than a real investment with a more tangible roi , which means it soon gets cut back when budgets need to be cut . 
  the exceptions to this trend are those places that really struggle to get native english speakers in to teach . 
  much of poland , the balkans , greece , the baltic states , all still have demand for english speakers , however the pay is low and the working conditions less than optimal , and that 's precisely why they fail to incentivise enough english native speakers to go there . 
  see i just do not understand where the motivation for these regressive sex related legislation has come into play . 
  i mean whose votes are they actually winning with this stuff ? 
  surely they are losing more support than they gain with a law like this ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  yeah , the meanings are quite similar . 
  obviously if someone tells you a pile of bullshit to get out of some obligation then you 're essentially being cheated . 
  i 've personally only heard it used in a sense meaning that someone has told you lies to avoid doing something , almost always expressed in the context ( person 1 ) fobbed ( person 2 ) off , and then optionally the preposition `` with '' , followed a description of what it was person 1 used to fob off person 2 , typically some dubious claim or story . 
  i 've never heard anyone say `` i 've just been fobbed off '' as you might expect to hear if it were typically used just to mean cheat , but it would n't be surprised if it were used this way by some people in some parts of the country . 
  to be fair it does n't even make sense for the government to limit visas to skilled workers only . 
  if you do n't remember we even had unskilled visas for eastern europeans before freedom of movement was introduced to due critical agricultural sector labour shortages . 
  only the populists want to stop the movement of labour really , that 's mostly due to a misguided belief that doing so will bring back highly paid low skill jobs for brits , when in reality , sectors like manufacturing , agriculture , fishing etc. 
  are too labour intensive to ever be competitively globally with what most brits would considered a decent salary , all that will really happen is that these industries will shrink . 
  another factor is that once you 've managed to achieve a decent functioning immigration relationship with a nation it really is a waste just to shut it off , as it 's probably perceived as mutually beneficial . 
  again the only people disagreeing with this consensus are the populists who have more ideological motivations for wanting the movement of labour to end . 
  it 's worth noting different countries in the eu have different rules for non-eu citizens for the most part , although i believe there are limitations due to the schengen being a shared visa area . 
  theoretically after brexit britain and poland would be free to enter an agreement as nation states provided it was with the confines of what the eu deemed acceptable . 
   i had my hair done, 
   i had the assistant clean the windows . 
   i am having my house extended . 
   i 'll have you know . 
  these are all examples of using have to mean you got someone else to do something for you . 
  sometimes that person is made explicit by the introduction of an indirect object . 
  this is the form you are seeing in the article , you just might have not noticed it because of the modality and being part of a larger sentence . 
  so only is in the wrong part of the sentence in my opinion . 
  compare . 
   only the man walked down the stairs, 
   the man only walked down the stairs, 
  `` notifying us of a price discrepancy only within a regular order is insufficient '', 
  `` notification of price discrepancies must be sent separately from regular order confirmations . 
  sending notification of price discrepancies only within regular order forms is insufficient . '', 
  it 's just quite sloppy although the meaning is clear . 
  i 'd just say . 
   they get work that would take me 8 hours done in 30 minutes, 
  or if you really want it in the past :, 
   they get work that would 've taken me 8 hours done in 30 minutes, 
  you want work to be the subject of the 2nd clause by means of a relative clause . 
  what you 've done is make yourself the subject of the 2nd clause . 
  examining your use of for a bit more closely . 
   `` i 've taken 8 hours for this work '', 
  sounds very idiomatic and colloquial to me . 
  it also suggests that you 've put aside that amount of time prior to doing it rather than suggesting that the work actually takes you 8 hours , and i 'm not really sure that 's what you want to express . 
  you hear expressions like this in his kind of context :, 
   i 've taken an hour for lunch . 
  are you really trying to say something like ? 
   they get work that i would 've put 8 hours aside for done in 30 minutes . 
   they get work for which i would 've put 8 hours aside done in 30 minutes, 
  if not i 'd stick to the earlier example , however if you really do mean that then i 'd go with :, 
   `` they get work for which i would need to put aside 8 hours done in 30 minutes '', 
  this is nice and clear and avoids neighbouring prepositions , and the object of your 2nd at the end so it rings clear . 
  the business english boom in central and northern europe is definitely over , i can say from experience that it 's the same in germany and netherlands . 
  unless you 're qualified and experienced there 's no way into the market . 
  imo too many people on this forum that non-english speaking countries will be falling over themselves trying to get english speaking natives to work there .
