  if someone said `` i am ethnically romani '' , those people are n't going to really suffer discrimination simply for that reason , they might do from some people by not from the majority of people who dislike gypsies . 
  it 's not remotely the same as saying `` present company excluded '' . 
  to me , saying `` i hate gypsies '' is like saying `` i hate gangbangers '' or `` i hate hoodrats '' , if someone said that nobody would turn around and say `` you are racist against black and hispanic peoples '' because `` gangbanger '' is not what someone is , it 's how someone behaves . 
  [ would n't be the first time the whitehouse burned ] ( http://cdn.history.com/sites/2/2015/04/hith-british-burn-washington-dc-200-years-ago-e.jpeg ), 
  damn that song choice is just fucking perfect, 
  and which once great vanquished nation do you hail from sir ? 
  germany : a country barely more relevant than the uk filled with ineffective bureaucrats desperately fighting back repressed tides of rampant nationalism from its working classes ? 
  yes , your country can be shat on too . 
  russia : a piss poor pseudo-democracy ran by oligarchs desperately clinging to the pretence of relevancy ? 
  140 million drooling nationalists being controlled by about 12 ex-mafia bosses ? 
  sounds about right . 
  probably the one where after the copulation she starts crying and telling me about how she was abused and often contemplates suicide . 
  i thought you worked in germany . 
  piers morgan too . 
  if they 're going to steal our christian bales , sir patrick stewarts , idris elbas , and hugh lauries they can bloody well keep him, 
  i believe in my life it went something like this in my school days . 
  football stickers  pogs  crazy bones  spin tops  yoyos  football stickers ( again )  tamagotchis  digimon  pokemon cards  live bracelets  nu metal  fingering  under age drinking  cannabis  losing your virginity  getting a university place  rampant drug and alcohol abuse  bitching about student life being shit  complaining about finals  being unemployed  not being unemployed  having a high salary  marriage  having a mortgage  children, 
  i know compliments are hard to come by in the land of the sour faced b\u00e4ckerei mitarbeiter . 
  from what people have said here , in the us the word gypsy is synonymous with romani . 
  so saying i hate gypsies is the same as saying i hate romani . 
  in my experience very few people mean `` i hate romani '' when they say `` i hate gypos '' , all they mean is they hate the majority of people who live itinerant lifestyles because most of them are criminal scum . 
  i know there are cases where people discriminate against the romani ethnicity regardless of whether they 're even living itinerantly , and obviously that 's racist and wrong , but i do n't think the vast people who express anti-gypsy sentiment feel this way . 
  you could say that many europeans are prejudice against the itinerant cultures in europe . 
  some people may say that that is still bigotry because not all itinerant people are the same . 
  if there are some good romani / irish travellers who do n't break the law then i 'm sorry if i offend them , however i am yet to see a single example of decent itinerant communities . 
  in the uk , you do have `` boat people '' , people who live on house boats and travel up and down the country on the rivers and canals , but on the whole these are decent enough folk . 
  usually retirees who love the lifestyle , however they are not really communities in the same sense because you do n't see huge bunches of families with kids and dogs going up and down the river . 
  trying to raise a family as an itinerant person is a fucking joke . 
  the kids never go to school because they 're never in one place long enough , and they treat each place like shit because they 've got no connection to the area or accountability after they leave . 
  i do n't want to see people discriminated against because of their ethnicity , but i do n't see why anyone should respect or preserve such an amoral and destruction `` culture '' or lifestyle choice as being an itinerant traveller in the 21st century . 
  the ridiculous thing is that to get them off peoples land the government offers them money , housing , and opportunities to live like decent people , and they at best they turn it down and at worst they stay there for a week , strip the place of copper wiring , shit all over the garden because of their phobia of toilets and disappear . 
  i do n't see how it 's racist to dislike what is essentially a criminal lifestyle , it 's nothing to do with ethnicity or culture whatsoever . 
  things 17th century conspiracy theorists say . 
  could it not be as simple as , the irish grew oats because it was suited to the climate of ireland , later , after the discovery of the americas , the irish grew potatoes because they too were suited to the climate or ireland . 
  later , a plague ruined the potato crop causing famine in the ireland , the british did nothing to help and discouraged anyone else from helping because the consensus at the time was `` fuck the catholics '' . 
  i hear all this bullshit about how the british caused the blight , as if biowarfare was something the average 17th century englishman had a mastery of . 
  not to mention everyone seems to forget that the irish nobility of the era were n't entirely blameless , many of them taking their share of the harvest and selling it for export rather than sharing it with the common folk so they could make up for their losses on the ruined potato crop . 
  k m8 , if i were 12 i 'd feel the same . 
  not at all . 
  why is that necessary ? 
  we had travellers near where we lived all the time , they were always causing trouble , their kids would start fights , the pub would close early if a group of them came in , they 'd nick any bit of metal not bolted to the floor outside our house . 
  was it the end of the world ? 
  should i not be entitled to express my opinion about them being a bunch of criminal shitheads ? 
  no as well . 
  are you really saying you think someone who punches a guy when he 's no looking simply cos he slammed his hand on the table is badass ? 
  grow up kiddo . 
  there 's something amazing about the human mind 's capacity for spacial awareness , it 's like something that does n't even happen at the conscious level at all . 
  it 's like , when you first pass your driving test you 're fucking clueless and have no sense of your vehicle , but when you 've driven the same car for 5 years it 's like an extension of your body , and you can pass through a gap with 3 inches on either side and just know that you wo n't scrape it . 
  i think you 're asking a lot but thinking that is possible . 
  there are games that are solely strategical and then there are games that have elements of strategy but rely on a time constraint to prevent the game play from becoming redundant . 
  papers , please would be nothing more than a paperwork simulator without the timed element . 
  had it been designed to be played that way the devs would have a put a lot energy into the complexities of the problems . 
  but they have n't so asking for it is pointless . 
  that 's not a correction , that 's exactly what i 'm saying ? 
  afaik there were n't any non-rhotic accents in the uk before the late 18th century ( of course we do n't know this for certain ) , there are even historical records attesting to the fact that colonists who returned to london in the late 18th century / early 19th century acknowledged that the accent had changed and that the - r had become unfashionable or provincial . 
  pay attention to what i said , `` the kind of - r '' , there many different ways to pronounce the letter - r , my point is that you have to distinguish between the type of - r these rhotic accents use . 
  scottish accents are are generally rhotic accents , however for the most that - r is an alveolar trill ( commonly known as a rolled - r ) , meanwhile the type of - r used in much of the us / ireland / west country is a retroflex approximant , a sound that is almost like a growl . 
  we do n't know exactly which places used which - r in the 17th and 18th centuries , but [ look at this ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/8e/final_er_in_farmer_english_dialects.png ) , green = non-rhotic , pink = retroflex ( long ) , orange = retroflex ( short ) , yellow = alveolar , purple = uvular . 
  this was from a study made in the 1950s !, 
  even barely more than 50 years ago there were 3 different sounds associated with the post-vocalic / inter-vocalic - r . there is still even a clear indication that the alveolar pronunciation of - r was more common to the east , looking at its presence in kent , lincolnshire and yorkshire . 
  the theory is that non-rhoticism was a phenomena that occurred in most accents which previously used the alveolar trill in the east of england , these accents were rhotic , but used an - r like scottish people do , not like americans do today . 
  those accents probably sounded closer to how we imagine a edinburgh accent today ( at least in regards to - r ) . 
  places like norfolk , suffolk , northampton , and cambridgeshire underwent a process whereby the alveolar - r became diminished , first changing from a full trill , to a tap ( a single roll ) , and from an alveolar tap to non-rhoticism . 
  there are many good arguments for this theory . 
  one being that the east midlands and the areas of the south east north of london were historically very affluent during this period , northampton and cambridgeshire especially . 
  many of the aristocrats partaking of london life would have had their country estates in these areas , being within a day 's travel to london . 
  two being that the alveolar tap , albeit only in the non-rhotic position ( followed by a vowel ) , was common in aristocratic speech well into the 20th century . 
  if you listen to the queen 's early recording , when she says a word like `` very '' or `` sorry '' you can hear the tongue hitting the roof of the mouth , while with less conservative speakers of that era you 'll only hear the typical alveolar approximant which is considered `` proper '' in rp speech today . 
  three , it also explains why in almost all areas of the uk , at least where non-rhoticism is the norm , the - r used for pre-vocalic - r ( r 's followed immediately by a vowel ) is most commonly the alveolar approximant , because of a similar process of disappearing trills and taps . 
  to sum up , i never claimed the east of england was non-rhotic prior to or at the start of the 18th century , i said they were rhotic but used a different sound to pronounce the - r . it was dialects that used this other kind of - r that first underwent the shift to non-rhoticism . 
  essentially , non-rhoticism emerged not because of an affectation , but by a natural process of people no longer bothering to roll their - r 's , it only later spread to users of the retroflex approximant ( the american style - r ) by way of cultural imitation . 
  what 's more is there is a lot of historical precedent in other european languages of trilled - r 's shifting and disappearing ( german and french for example , where the trilled - r only remains in regions like bavaria and the rural provinces around marseilles ) . 
  there were probably immigrants to the colonies who used this kind of - r alongside those that used the retroflex approximant we hear today , but either because the majority of people moving to the colonies were generally of a lower status , or because people from the west of england and ireland went to the colonies in greater numbers , or most likely both , it was the retroflex - r that won out amongst the colonists . 
  had the roles been reversed the us and canada could be rolling their - r 's today , or have become principally non-rhotic by way of the same process , whereas the majority of britons might be using the american style - r. 
  edit : if you want to hear how the rolled - r would have sounded in english watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tcckcthwqkw ) and listen to the sound of words like there and where . 
  this is an earlier form of english , so it 's likely that the english spoken in the east of england in the 18th century would have sounded more similar to what we know today , but in regards to the letter - r the pronunciation would 've been similar until the rise of non-rhotic speech . 
   your entire identity is based on jealousy and inferiority complex . 
  oh the irony . 
  it 's not like the whole of american history has been defined by its trying to prove it 's not just a bad copy of europe . 
  blue banana . 
  in my experience the germans are n't much better , the exception being those that are 30 miles from the french border , which is actually most very rural since the german-french border is much farther south than most people seem to realise . 
  the difference is that most british kids take 5 years of french at school for traditional reasons , while french is only an option in germany like german is in britain . 
  consequently if you asked a bunch of germans and brits `` do you know any french ? 
  '' , more brits are going to say yes . 
  how well the british speak french though obviously is n't accounted for , because being about to say `` je vais \u00e1 la droit '' and `` ou est le bibliotheque ? '', 
  is n't really speaking french . 
  was ist `` cambridge english '' ? 
  haha, 
  yes ? 
  lads *, 
  i 'd like to see you break a blackhole . 
  if you 're wondering why he says `` like the guides '' it 's because the british equivalent to girl scout is girl guide . 
  they 're basically the same . 
  edit : seems a lot of people heard guys ? 
  also it seems it 's guides in a lot of other countries too . 
  in the uk it 's beavers  cubs  scouts for guys , rainbows  brownies  guides for girls . 
  i do n't really know why i know this , other than it was beaten into my subconscious as a child , but there you have it . 
  / \u0252 /  / \u01dd /  / \u028c / is a pretty common pattern i 'd imagine . 
  moving to the uk as an eu citizen is even easier than it is for uk citizens to move to eu countries . 
  in most countries you 'll still need to formally register yourself when arriving since many countries keep a register of where everyone lives and you wo n't be able to get tax code without the registration form .
