  remove xeno from the premises . 
  you will get caught . 
  space marines + imperial guard = kill forces of choas ... you will crusade / tupac alive in sol , tupac making album of sol . 
  we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of tupac ... you are ppoor stink xeno ... you live in a hovel hahahaha , you live in a yurt, 
  tupac alive numbr one # 1 in sol ... . fuck the outer sectors , . . fuckk ashol heretocs no good i spit in the mouth eye of ur flag and star sysem . 
  2pac aliv and real strong wizard kill all the heretic farm aminal with rap magic now we the imperium rule . ape of the zoo greater daemons fukc the great satan and lay egg this egg hatch and choas legion wa ; s born . 
  stupid baby form the eggn give bak our planetary systems we will crush u lik a skull of pig . 
  imperium of man greattst galactic power, 
  yeah but there 's a difference between dramatic scenes and actual drama . 
  drama is to do with developments in plot and the interaction between characters . 
  if we look at the episode . 
  the scenes with danaerys and tywin , and those with cersei where just standard progression scenes , great as they were . 
  it tells us more story but does n't alter anything major . 
  the incident with sansa and theon was probably the biggest reveal in plot direction . 
  hardhome was great , but it was n't a major plot or character revolution . 
  jon snow went to hardhome to convince the freefolk to come south , and succeeded in that goal , getting attacked by the white walkers was fucking epic naturally , but it 's not one of those episodes where you walk away going omg nothing will be the same again like for example the execution of ned , the red wedding , joffrey 's death and so forth . 
  i 'm the same and i 'm only watching it an hour behind airing ... because of err . . reasons . 
  it means i stay up til 5am cest but who gives a fuck lol !, 
  i 'm lucky i work evenings haha , no early starts for me . 
  still i resent having to see it an hour after it airs , by no hbo should realise resistance is futile . 
  i 've tried watching it live from certain err . . sources , but the quality is always terrible . 
  one of the fucked up things in the us is that there is no automatic expiration of a criminal record . 
  in most countries a criminal record becomes spent and can only be detected through an advanced search only accessible to the government and employers who employ people in sensitive areas like jobs working with children and positions of responsibility such as being a policeman , lawyer or civil servant . 
  no rental agencies or ordinary employers can access those records and you are not legally obliged to tell anyone about it . 
  the length of time until the record expires depends on how long you served , so for short sentences ( less than 6 months ) it 's 2 years , for 6-12 months it 's 4 years , for 1-5 years it 's 8 years , and i think above that the record remains for life . 
  it 's a big step towards rehabilitation , because even if having a record is terrible that person knows if they work at it then one day they 'll be back to being a regular person with all the same opportunities . 
  this is a pet peeve of mine , the americans who think it 's hilarious to try and phonetically write out any accents they 're not accustomed to . 
  you never see people writing out american accents like `` i waana git a burrrgerrr with frais pleeeze , good jaaab ! '' . 
  just seems so arrogant to assume the sounds you associate letters with is the correct one that everyone else will understand . 
  it 's a bit like when americans claim they do n't have an accent , or when they act shocked upon learning they do , or try to claim that american is the correct form of pure english as spoken before 1776 that everyone else then changed . 
  this just makes it , could n't pick a better song . 
  that 's the worst part of it though , wanting to have your cake and eat it too , regardless of that fact you 're potentially hurting this person you allegedly want to be with far worse as well as being disrespectful to them . 
  cheating is very unattractive and relationship ruining because it shows the someone is dependent enough to try and keep someone else treating them as the one and only despite their not wanting to be with them entirely . 
  just to make it clear though , in formal logic two negatives definitely make a positive . 
  the point is that natural language is n't logic . 
  when someone says `` i did n't do nothing '' they are not signifying \u00ac \u00ac a , but rather \u00ac a. 
  saying that would only be illogical if that person was using the standard rules but actually meant `` i did n't do anything '' . 
  furthermore there 's nothing inherently bad about double negatives . 
  using the standard rule you might have a conversation like `` did you do it ? '', 
  `` i did n't not do it !, 
  '' , and this would be a perfectly consistent as a way of saying `` i did it '' , perhaps with some slight additional meaning . 
  except it 's not incorrect . 
  if i say `` i do n't need no education '' and mean what would normally be expressed as `` i do n't need any education '' , that 's fine because i 'm working within a different framework of rules . 
  as long as the person i 'm communicating with understands these rules then i 'm fine . 
  sure it can be confusing when different rule sets collide but that 's just ambiguity not being incorrect . 
  for example someone from the uk or australia might say `` i 've got my shoes on '' , and an american might interpret that as `` i 've gotten my shoes on '' , when in fact the speaker means what would be expressed in ame as `` i have my shoes on '' . 
  neither is correct or incorrect , it 's just different rules . 
  dutch food ai n't nothing to shout about . 
  keep the content coming i 'm really enjoying it , i will say thought , do n't look for approval here . 
  there 'll always be some cunt who will be bitching about something , responding to it in earnest will just get you more hate . 
  as long as the content you post is within the guidelines/rules then you 're golden . 
  it 's better that we have the content and some people just do n't like it rather than simply having less content . 
  it would better to simply ignore it rather than just quit . 
  you do n't have to read responses , you can stop updates on threads you 've submitted and only look at direct responses to comments you 've made . 
  you should n't really try and please people either . 
  if you see a good freak out just stick it up here , no need to interact with people anyway . 
  only on the internet i reckon . 
  in the uk its pretty easy to make fun of it . 
  i remember a few kids came to my school who were n't american but had grown up abroad in places like taiwan and saudi arabia and had acquired american accents , they both lost them within a year or so and started talking exactly like regular british asians . 
  people would usually make fun of the nasal way americans pronounce words with the letter - n. kinda cruel but kids are . 
  still , what they also fail to understand is even if you speak perfect general american with everything pronounced exactly as in merriam webster , you still have an accent . 
  it 's just considered the de facto national accent rather than a local american one . 
  just as people in the uk who speak bbc english do n't really have regional uk accents ( some might argue they do but that 's beside the point ) , but they sure as hell have a uk accent . 
  [ took me 20 + minutes to realise it was n't set in france . 
  ] ( http://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/la_grande_s%c3%a9duction ), 
  notice that he does n't let anyone else shuffle the deck . 
  only cut the deck . 
  cutting the deck does n't disturb the ordering , only where the ordering begins at the top card and ends at the bottom card . 
  after he lets someone else cut the deck all he has to do is find his mark ( the card with the folded corner ) , then do a cut himself at the point of the mark , and he 's back with the order starting in the right place again . 
  think about it !, 
  nope that 's not it . 
  it 's explained elsewhere in the thread . 
  alright mighty elite magic loser , move along , nobody wants to hear it . 
  many of those being british colonies but i never hear the same said of the british or the irish . 
  it was still cricket . 
   christopher lewis ( david boutin ) de montr\u00e9al , grand amateur de cricket et de jazz fusion, 
  [ lightning storm created ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=082svctaczm&amp;t=4m20s ), 
  [ this is a rather good explanation ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xqgzzef5eg8 ), 
  this is just too funny to be real . 
  it 's poe 's law . 
  romania is western but bulgaria is n't . 
  israel is `` enlightened '' muslim . 
  papa new guinea is african . 
  french guiana is western but suriname ( once dutch guiana ) is latino , unlike spain which is `` western '' . 
  this is the epitome of american knowledge of geography . 
  yeah it 's a really bad video sadly . 
  he 's confused the labiodental approximant and the alveolar approximant , and what he 's saying is the official way to pronounce - r is actually an alveolar tap which has n't been commonplace since the mid-20th century . 
  even the queen does n't use it . 
  i do n't know if he 's done this out of ignorance or just to sensationalise the video but either way it 's wrong . 
  i mean it does n't make sense at a basic level , if everyone had the same pronunciation of jonathan ross why would his pronunciation of certain words stand out to us ? 
  firstly how dare you criticise british people using the english language , why not create your own language , that only americans speak , and stick to it . 
  i mean honestly who speaks the english language and complains about british people with it . 
  lol that 's like learning to speak french only to complain that all french people are dickheads . 
  now we 're done being retarded , where did i complain about the mere presence of americans . 
  i do n't care about which nationalities use the site . 
  what i think is retarded is how on this website ( which is only 40 % american fyi ) many american retards ca n't seem to get used to the presence of other nationalities ( not just british ) and make the same stupid jokes over and over as if it were somehow remarkable that someone who is n't american is using it , despite other nationalities being the majority . 
  amazingly if i went on a website who 's majority was australian , they would probably be able to tolerate the presence of other nationalities without making the same 5 corny jokes whenever a user 's non-australian nationality became apparent . 
  that 's because countries other than america are on the whole far more aware of other countries rather than being culturally insular circlejerks . 
  it 's only ignorant ass americans who think other nationalities are like mythical creatures only existing in films who ca n't seem to adapt to interacting with foreigners . 
  furthermore reddit is only an american website to the same degree that google is an american website , insofar as it 's owned by an american company .
