  america ai n't done shit other than commerialise a few ideas given to you on a plate from europe . 
  you may have invented the internet but it took europeans to bring the world together . 
  you have n't defined shit , your entire culture is defined by the culture people brought with them from the old world . 
  you 've had unquestioned military dominance for no more than 30 years , big whoop . 
  the fact that you consider yourself as anything other than this just shows how ridiculously brainwashed your introspective education system makes you . 
  also the country that started the drugs wars and pressured other countries into introducing similar legislation . 
  your stupidity actually makes this dire submission funny . 
  because systems of measurement and languages that have emerged over thousands of years are the same right ? 
   more-nobels-than-anyone-else scientists, 
  cunt detected, 
  so that part was satire randomly placed in your otherwise entirely non-satirical post ? 
  probably should work on that . 
  hopefully we can re-militarise as a unified state and end the us 's shitty little post ww2 spate of international relevance . 
  and my point was by writing the allegedly satirical part within your otherwise serious post you make it seem like you 're not being satirical at all . 
  that 's hilarious , you 've just totally misinterpreted what i said since i 'm doing nothing of the sort . 
  try going back and re-reading for adequate comprehension . 
  wow , do fuck off . 
  a huge numbers of accents do n't pronounce the letter - r. 
  yes i agree , this video is pretty cool and all but really you 've got real competitive aggressive inline skaters who tear this guy apart skillwise, 
  have you managed to figure it out yet ? 
  let me explain , you see by writing `` more-nobels-than-anyone-else scientists '' it makes you seem like a cunt who wants to boast about us nobel prize wins . 
  but then you made a perfectly rational point about us scientists using metric ( as we 're mostly well aware because we 're not ignorant nor scientifically illiterate ) . 
  you say `` more-nobels-than-anyone-else scientists '' was satire , but the rest of your post was a serious point . 
  so which is it ? 
  you ca n't put a piece of satire inside a serious point , so either you think saying `` more-nobels-than-anyone-else scientists '' is a reasonable thing to say that is in some way relevant to anything , ergo you are a cunt . 
  or the entire post was satire , which makes no sense given that what you say it factually accurate . 
  you were a cunt when you described american scientists as `` more-nobels-than-anyone-else '' ... yes you were . 
  displaying typical american nationalistic pride in the achievement of people who are nothing to do with you . 
  you were also a cunt when you used the phrase `` albert mutherfucking einstein '' ... because only a cunt would do that . 
  want to know the biggest contributor to american science ? 
  you sound like a cunt even now . 
  this subreddit is for satire of what americans say . 
  not for your crappy nationalistic defence of stupidity . 
  `` than '' is grammatically correct in the sentence `` more-nobels-than-anyone-else scientists '' so i do n't know what the fuck you 're on about any more . 
  you should rethink your more-cunty-things-than-anyone-else mentality imo, 
  til all redditors are in the same timezone, 
  germany - 82 million , uk - 64 million , us - 310 million ? 
  you ca n't do something 3.8 times larger ? 
  twice as large that 's feasible , but 3.8 times ? 
  ( i know you still need health insurance in de but it 's also run entirely not for profit and even the poorest are covered there ), 
  this was a bit shit imo . 
  sometimes they did n't even sound british , and the whole thing had terrible delivery . 
  i think it really brings it home if you were someone who had been to the towers and seen the staff working and normal people going about their lives there . 
  knowing that those people probably died that day is pretty shocking and disturbing . 
  however , i bear in mind that for some ordinary people living in warzones around the world this is exactly what they must feel when friends or loved ones are killed in air strikes that aim to hit hamas targets or isis or whatever this decades threats may be . 
  al qaeda aimed to bring that sense of fear and tragedy into americans lives and in that they succeeded . 
  i believe he got his ass kicked in the end though . 
  barely ? 
  is this what they teach in school to pump up the world saviours angle ? 
  i think you 'll find we won the battle of britain and hitler had no way to mount a land invasion . 
  we destroyed a fuck load of luftwaffe for every aeroplane we had and had major victories in north africa . 
  if you 're talking about a tiny highly populated island supplying itself with food and raw materials all by itself without outside supplies i think you 'll find britain does n't need a war to depend on that . 
  and if america was bolted onto france he probably would have made considerable headway there too ? 
  i do n't see your point ? 
  sure if there was n't for the channel britain may have succumb unprepared to hitlers blitzkreig strategy as france did but that 's beside the point . 
  to hold your own means to mount decent resistance , britain 's resistance was more than barely able to hold their own throughout the war . 
  millions of britons held their own consistently throughout the war , and even went as far as to cause hitler many losses and pose a solid threat , without them there most likely would n't have been a resistance at all . 
  ironic for the company that made [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lutnas5scse ), 
  ok , i 'm not saying it was easy either , and saying we needed our colonies to help us is a bit rich given they were our colonies at the time . 
  but to `` hold your own '' is the wrong phrase to use here . 
  when england lose 2-0 to germany in football they barely hold their own . 
  england did n't barely hold it 's own in ww2 , it mounted a staunch resistance and eventually with the aid of its allies eventually emerged victorious . 
  i think their is a nuanced but important distinction to be made . 
  not disrespecting them in the slightest . 
  at the time were duty bound to assist the crown and they honourably did so . 
  and yes , holding your own , especially barely doing so , more or less means losing , at best barely hanging in there . 
  they 're not the right words to use . 
  i 'm not in the uk i 'm in germany of all places actually , 
  that , or alternatively because you used their countries as pawns to fight the russians and undermined their right to self-determination out of fear they 'd turn red , because you 've propped up multiple tyrannical and non-representative governments in the vicinity simply because it suited america 's needs . 
  also because they may have been effected by the first gulf war . 
  maybe they 're just sick of the us foreign policy masquerading as for the greater good when they always end up with the shit end of the sandwich . 
  no offence , it 's fine not to condone their behaviours and to want to prevent it , but it takes a fuck tonne of ignorance to not know why people in the middle east hate and distrust the west , in many cases to the point of irrationality . 
  as an englishman , waterloo round two let 's fucking have it !, 
  and now [ a word from a frenchman ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xmwn9fwmokm&amp;t=6m30s ), 
  ok , but i really do n't know what relevance scottish independence has on this . 
  that 's primarily a politically motivated referendum , not really anything to do with germany . 
  the only economics relevant to it are the imagined economic conditions scotland believes it could create by itself . 
  this makes your gloss of the conditions in europe sound like an pile of second hand , across the atlantic , imagined wank . 
  but it 's not particularly relevant to the issue at hand , i know it 's not the centre of your argument but the way you 've included makes it seem as if it were highly pertinent . 
  firstly there 's no particular reason to assume that the uk will be particularly undermined in terms of eu influence if a few million scots leave the union , it may well be better off . 
  secondly in what sense does the uk look like it 's going to fragment ? 
  from what you 've gleaned from sensationalised newspaper articles ? 
  it 's impossible to tell and to be told that the uk looks like this or that from outside is just nonsense . 
  thirdly , there 's a million and one reasons why the uk is somewhat diminished regarding influence in the eu compared to other members - a reluctant membership , not part of the currency union , economic policy that differs significantly from the mainland . 
  the scottish independence referendum is really neither here nor there . 
  frankly i resent your gloss of the situation of europe , for example to call france economically stagnant is not only superficial , but wildly reductionist and slightly insulting . 
  the rest of your post is fine but the way you 've tried to summarise the european situation in a single sentence is just misleading and reeks of an outsider not treating these issues with the gravity they demand . 
  including it simply undermines your argument . 
  itt : american martyr syndrome about its overinflated military complex . 
  has it ever occurred to some of you people that the reason the eu does n't collectively have military forces rivalling america 's is because it has good historical reasons to progressively work towards a world where large militaries are not necessary ? 
  has it ever occurred to you that the us does n't fund its military out of benevolence but because it uses foreign policies to create favourable international conditions for itself ? 
  finally has it ever occurred to you that the threats faced in the 21st century do n't remotely measure up to those of previous eras ? 
  that russia is n't going to storm the eastern bloc and is totally dependent on world trade like every other nation ? 
  just some food for thought ... 
  twist , was in western california, 
  well they might do that for you but that is n't normal . 
  normally the it 's the time you leave in the time zone you 're in and then the time you arrive in the time zone you 'll be in . 
  just confirmed this by checking my old lufthansa , swiss air and emirates tickets . 
  more like every american 's commentary on anything beyond one county away from their place of residence . 
  here 's a comment for you , you eat some pretty grim incredibly simplistic processed foodstuffs and i do n't need to spend more than a few days in the us to know that .
