  stag hunts in the highlands would become complicated though . 
  might be waiting a while , we 'll probably all be speaking some spanish , english , mandarin mash up in the end . 
  i 'm not a troll . 
  i just represent how the majority of people think in the 21st century . 
  i also know how to calculate things like liability , insurance , cost of premises , training and so forth into the calculations of employment costs . 
  it 's also why people are upvoting my previous comments . 
  do you know how balls to the wall insane you sound when you make sweeping statements like : -, 
   people are doing the same amount of work and therefore obvious cost exactly the same, 
  is that why the major corporations i work for ( in germany ) outsource everything from server maintenance , to customer support , to cleaning the damn office . 
  it 's very very funny , you obviously have no idea of the cost of employing people . 
  the sad thing is that you 're not a troll , you actually believe in this bollocks you spout . 
  honest to god just give up on life , move to india and become a nun , you 're a lost cause . 
   nah , you 're just one of the redditors that think `` technology '' is so superiour until your missing paper trail bites you in the ass . 
  superior * , let 's pray for the day when technology does replace these things entirely and the legal system catches up with the modern world . 
  fucks like you can then fall into irrelevancy where they deserve to be . 
   those costs are not going away when outsourcing , you have to pay those anyway . 
  good god , do you even think before you write ? 
  oh my god are you retarded ? 
  i never said they went away . 
  the fact is a dedicated company providing one service alone to multiple companies can , in many cases , do a way better job and charge you less than it would cost you to do it yourself ( whilst still making a fine profit for themselves ) . 
  do you understand economies of scale ? 
  obviously fucking not . 
   a ) it gets them out of their union contracts, 
  do you think union contracts do not constitute as `` cost '' and a `` risk '' in the eyes of the accountants running these corporations ? 
  do you think paying out large sums every time a worker falls over and breaks a wrist is n't a cost to the company ? 
  you are not initiating your brain . 
  i 'm not a right wing man but jesus i at least understand how provision of certain benefits and protections to employees constitutes cost to a business . 
   b ) they want to be able to fire those people whenever they like . 
  again do you not think that not being able to fire someone you want to fire does not constitute a cost to the company . 
  flexibility in hiring and firing directly equates to a financial advantage to the company . 
  for someone with an alleged bachelors in hr you seem to be hilariously retarded in your understanding of how business works . 
   yes , accountants never do . 
  obviously . 
  an account who does n't know how to factor the impact of a unionised workforce and stringent dismissal legislation into the cost of running a business ? 
  an accountant who does n't understand economies of scale ? 
  an accountant who does n't have the basic economics to know what goods and services are . 
  pull the fucking other one mate , you 're a liar not an account . 
  no accountant could be this stupid , despite their being a bunch of boring fucking bean counters anyway . 
   you seem to think that i only have to pay those costs if i wo n't outsource ... 
  no you made that up , because you 're a lying delusional piece of shit . 
   possible , but unlikely . 
  actually not at all unlikely , completely fucking normal in the corporate world , which you seem to know nothing of . 
   again you are providing proof that you do n't actually live in germany , thank you . 
  cool story, 
   what the ? 
  that is supporting my point of view . 
  if you get around your union contract it 's cheaper and then you have an actual reason to outsource obviously . 
  not that 's not your point , your point was `` people are doing the same amount of work and therefore obvious cost exactly the same '' . 
  so yes you did flatly contradict yourself in your post but that 's what i 'm pointing out , that you 're retarded . 
   you could certainly value it as such and calculate with that , but that does n't make it actually cheaper . 
  and as i said , even germany has ( pretty much ) at-will employment if i have less than 11 employees . 
  yes because , we make decisions on what it used to cost and not what is potentially will cost . 
   of course it does , i said so . 
  no , you said `` people are doing the same amount of work and therefore obvious cost exactly the same '', 
   good god , it 's not an actual cost you retard . 
  yes it is , every time it impacts the damn company is constitutes a real cost . 
  futhermore you do n't understand the phrase `` factor the cost '' , which again proves you 're a liar and not an accountant . 
   i 'm not the one who lied about living in germany , you are . 
  yes sure i 'm lying about living in germany ( who would do that ? 
  ) , that 's why i know on the back of a redbull can it says `` erh\u00f6heter koffeingehalt . 
  f\u00fcr kinder and schwangere order stillende frauen nicht emplfahlen ( 32mg / 100ml ) in moderaten mengen konsumieren . '', 
  or on the back of hohesc it says `` manche m\u00f6gen es gesund und mild . 
  twat . 
  i 'm sorry , but this is getting ridiculous , the time for rational discourse is over , please throw yourself off a bridge and do us all a favour . 
  i ca n't be arsed debating with twats like yourself any longer . 
  i hope you get cancer since you 're obviously the last remaining person with a true nazi mentality in this nation . 
  you 're the kind of person i 'd gladly piss on the grave of , and there are n't many people i can say that for . 
  get fucked you eminently dislikeable sad petty little man . 
  it 's sad that you 're not a troll , since you actually believe what you espouse . 
  i feel pity for you , but not strongly enough to overcome my overwhelming dislike of your pathetic petty mindedness and use of deceit and lies in argument . 
  thankfully i can relax and feel assured in the knowledge that a have a rich fulfilling life full of interesting people and good will . 
  whilst you 're the type of sad fuck who has to take a witness with him every time he sends a letter to his tenant . 
  it 's times like this i feel overwhelming glad to be alive and free of the small minded ignorance that characterises folk like yourself . 
  now i think i 'm going to do something else than try to help you out of your self-imposed prison of retardation and continue enjoying my life . 
  the `` loon '' part of your username is highly accurate . 
  yes , counter arguments to your non-points , misinterpretations of my words and delusions . 
  let it go dude , i 've accepted there 's no arguing with someone as fucked up as you . 
  remember how this started ? 
  it was over whether composing and sending letters was necessary in modern times . 
  from that we 've gone over to the cost-efficiency of outsourcing vs employment . 
  this is not getting anywhere . 
  anyway i 'm sorry you 're walking a stereotype of an uptight prussian , but that 's just your fate on earth . 
  maybe it 's got something to do with your phobia of vaginas . 
  freud would have field day with you . 
  but forget it , go back to your petty bourgeois life and i 'll go back to my vastly better one . 
  7:00 dawn salute the flag , watch as the sunrise illuminates the stars and stripes whilst contemplating the sacrifices of our forefathers so it may flutter so . 
  7.30 recite the pledge of allegiance 25 times . 
  adding an extra 10 for every unamerican thought that he may have had the previous day . 
  afterwards sing the national anthem , all verses . 
  8.00 breakfast of crispy bacon and unhealthy cereals only available in the usa . 
  lucky charms are prohibited on the grounds of being contaminated by european mythological entities . 
  9.00 begin the important work of correcting all the wrong people on the internet , principally on reddit . 
  he will not cease this quest until everyone in the world shares his opinion that the usa is the greatest nation on earth by a long measure . 
  unfortunately many statistics suggest otherwise , so he spends a lot of time looking up unaccredited and wildly misinterpreted statistics to counter any of these he may find . 
  it 's a hard job but someone 's got to do it . 
  13.00 pause for a slight snack of cheeseburgers and high fructose corn syrup rich soda . 
  13.30 back to work on reddit, 
  19.00 dinner of pizza , due to its diversity he claims to have never eaten the same pizza twice , a credit to the massively diverse culinary arts of the usa . 
  20.00 recreation time - watch films from a short list of pre-approved patriotic materials . 
  films such as `` the patriot '' , `` american sniper '' , `` black hawk down '' feature highly .
