  it 's human nature to do this but it 's not really the truth . 
  another thing that people do which is illogical is obsess over the extremely successful rather than just the moderately successful . 
  take someone like mark zuckerberg , worth billions , and then compare him to some minor online success story worth 10 million . 
  are we really to think that zuckerberg is thousands of times better at what he does than the other guy ? 
  simply because his wealth is thousands of times greater ? 
  seems to me more logical to say that , sure , there are qualities that successful people have in common , but the difference between moderately successful people and extremely successful people can really only be attributed to 99 % luck . 
  sure it takes a good worth ethic , good foresight , an understanding of people to becomes successful , but it 's crazy to think that people with 10 million valued companies have significantly fewer of these qualities than 1 billion valued company owners . 
  had zuckerberg been ever so slightly different he probably would 've ended up making myspace , or bebo , or neopets ffs , when in fact he lucked out catching a wave of public demand at the ideal time in the ideal place and got facebook instead . 
  sure he must have good qualities that meant the company did so well , however so did the founders of other websites , the fact that his company captured the world , while other companies just fared ok however , is 99 % pure chance . 
  bunch of carebears . 
  you 'd have to be pissed to try this , everyone who 's ever been there has thought about it but those escalators are way steeper than the average ones you see in building . 
  anyone else find this kind of disturbing ? 
  i 'm glad that the school 's getting the help they need but is n't it a bit shameful that this is necessary in a country with a relatively high gdp per capita ? 
  not only is the charity necessary , but they have to make a show of it , corporate sponsorship , giving out gift cards , broadcasting it nationwide . 
  there 's something unnerving about the mixture of charity , a public institution and what 's an obvious ploy for marketing exposure . 
  is this real life or a game show ? 
  should children 's future be left in the hands of corporate charity . 
  i 'd feel more comfortable in a world where public institutions did n't need to rely on the generosity of celebrities , or shill themselves out to private interests , just to get adequate funding . 
  imho there 's something almost dystopian about this . 
  i reckon fewer choose to drink and/or take drugs than maybe 10-20 years ago , but that does n't mean drinking is n't still a huge part of student culture . 
  so while you have a point , i do n't think it 's outdated to associate students with drinking , that 's going too far . 
  when students start drinking less or the same as the national average then we can say the view is outdated , however i 'd bet the farm that students still consume alcohol at a much higher rate . 
  i think it 's merely that this generation has a different relationship to intoxication generally , while between 10 and 20 years ago getting fucked up was the cool thing to do , fewer people see it as cool in and of itself , the lack of control it represents is seen as less desirable to this generation of students . 
  i left university less than 5 years ago and trust me when i say that though there were plenty of non-drinkers or moderate drinkers who preferred more wholesome activities and did n't see intoxication as desirable or cool , the student nights were still packed with drunk students and there were whole social circles of people whose social lives revolved around getting as fucked up as possible on whatever they could get their hands on . 
  as for the union , i found that the majority of students were not remotely interested in it , not because of alcohol but simply because it was n't important them . 
  as long as the societies got their meagre grant money , the club events were still running , and the prices in the union bar and sandwich shop stayed the same nobody really gave a fuck about the political side of things . 
  the people the political side of things did attract however were people with strong political opinions , people who wanted to see the rights of minority groups represented and took up that cause . 
  identity politics was at the heart of it because these were the only people for whom it meant enough to actually bother showing up for stuff , it 's no surprise that you get a sounding board effect where opinions get even more extreme when you put people of generally the same ideology together . 
  not that they were really able to agree amongst themselves , i remember during my time there were some huge dramas over the rights of queer and asexual people to be included in the `` lgbt '' society , and whether it should be called the `` lgbtq '' or the `` lgbtqa '' society . 
  there were also clashes between feminists over the rights of transgender women to be included in their societies , and some rosa parks-esque situations with transgender people refusing to leave feminist meetings that were designated women only . 
  jermaine greer might as well have been hitler in some of their eyes . 
  is it a surprise that the majority of the student body have no interest in this stuff when it 's entirely to do with matters that do n't affect them in any way whatsoever ? 
  the squabbling between various of strains of left wing thought just seem petty when the majority of these kids are politically apathetic and probably only have a rather mainstream liberal centre-left political opinion at heart . 
  personally i wanted to stay as far away as possible , not even because i particularly disagreed with their motives or intentions , but simply because i 'm not educated or interested enough on these issues to participate , and for some of these union types that alone was tantamount to being against them . 
  lol you are exactly what is wrong with the nus btw . 
  your logic is as complicated as . 
   greer said transgender women are not women in her eyes . 
   denying the premise that transgender women are women is transphobic . 
   transphobia is bad and should not be tolerated . 
   if you disagree you are transphobic and therefore are bad and should not be tolerated . 
  except there are plenty of people that do n't accept premise number 2 , you act like that is common knowledge or a self-evident fact because you believe it and you think other people should too . 
  rather than argue to convince other people you employ the childish tactic of pretending with live in a society where that premise is taken for granted as a fact , hoping other people will jump on the bandwagon and one day we 'll live in a society where that premise is taken for granted . 
  that is not how discourse works , that 's how childish playground bullying works , it 's about as subtle as `` anyone who does n't believe x is a stinky head '' . 
  what i believe is irrelevant , what is important is that the nus should represent all the students , even those with views you find morally offensive . 
  sure , we can ban hate speech , those who directly incite violence towards minority groups , but that 's where the line should be drawn . 
  merely stating, 
  `` i do not believe in the analysis that gender and sex can be separated conceptually , and therefore do not agree that someone can be born a sex that does n't align with gender , consequently i do not believe that transgender women are women '', 
  is not hate speech , it 's an opinion , and it does n't matter how morally reprehensible you think that opinion is , it a free and open society it should be allowed to be voiced . 
  your taking offence to it is not a factor . 
  it seems to me that people like you are just a bunch of bullies using a web of tautological `` truths '' to push your ideology and shame people into agreement . 
  when you say things like, 
   this is transphobia, 
  without any attempt to argue that position the childishness of your argument is transparent to even the most politically apathetic of us . 
  you do n't live in germany do you ... 
  yeah , i do n't know why it is n't funded at the national level in the us , or at least in situations like this . 
  i 'm suspicious , seemed like the 4th car after the guy braked slowed down unnecessarily . 
  god that bitches voice . 
  it 's amazing the attitude in the 80s and 90s towards the drug debate . 
  drugs were being used like crazy yet publicly it was all anger against it . 
  pure moral panic , people were simultaneously snorting lines and blaming societies ills on the fact that other people were snorting lines . 
  it 's like some weird self-hatred , save us from ourselves mentality going on right there . 
  or at least a weird attitude of , it 's ok for me to do drugs because i 'm a good person , but other people should n't be able to . 
  seriously though , the subreddit is expanding and i think there 's probably a bit of an [ eternal september ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/eternal_september ) effect going on . 
  when people are new or very infrequent visitors to the sub they obviously are less likely to give a shit about the brigading rules , after some time they probably figure out it 's harmful to the sub and if they like the sub they should n't do it , but by then there 's another 50 replacing them doing the same . 
  problem is , if you do that you do n't know which decisions caused businesses to succeed , and which decision were made that business succeeded despite of . 
  which drug free sub-culture was that ? 
  i think it was more like the mainstream drug free cultured realised they could use drugs as leverage against others to judge them and put themselves above them , and ran with it zealously , whilst before they just felt left out of the party . 
  i also think that the adage that there no one more anti smoking than an ex smoker is true , and all the ex druggies of the 60s and 70s decided to blame drugs for the fact they had become old and not realised their dreams . 
  deciding what was permitted for them should n't be a allowed for others . 
  the 60s and 70s saw a decline in percieved moral standarss . 
  but when that generation hit middle age they decided they wanted to turn back the clock and close pandoras box , and the war on drugs was the answer . 
  ah yes , great solution , we can all race to the bottom and be as poor as india . 
  in my experience conservatives are the least compromising in ideology and will do anything they can to explain away the facts . 
  other countries pay less for healthcare despite nationalisation ? 
  oh it must be because the us spends to much on r&d and other countries rip off our patents . 
  other countries have success reducing gun grime by regulating and restricting gun ownership ? 
  oh it must be because they 're homogeneous white cultures where everyone is a good old boy . 
  studies show minimum wage does n't stifle economic innovation or push the price of goods particularly ? 
  it must be because they 're not spending such a large % of the gdp on military due to america 's massive spending . 
  drug decriminalisation leading to reduced levels of drug use ? 
  it was some other factor , it would never work in america . 
  conservatives are some of the worst ideologues going . 
  they mindlessly repeat the dogma that free market economics combined with a conservative social ethic will return the us to some kind of imaginary golden ages ( that post war period when half the rest of the world was in ruins and chaos ) . 
  look up nodding , it 's a tell tale sign of heavy opiate usage , people 's heads lull forward and their eyes close because they 're struggling to keep themselves focussed . 
  if she 'd wanted to keep her kid with her she should n't be off her face on heroin should she . 
  anyway , child services do n't just take the kid away forever unless you actually do something to harm it , if you just appear to be an unfit parent they will give you a chance to sort your life out and regain custody . 
  better it gets taken away temporarily and the mother sorts her life out than it gets harmed as a result of her negligence and it gets permanently fostered . 
  pretty sure that 's completely wrong . 
  purpose is not a verb in this situation . 
  `` run on '' would example of `` on '' as an adverb , as in `` i passed him the baton and he ran on '' . 
  on purpose is preposition the same as by , it 's simply that `` on accident '' is not the correct preposition . 
  stop trying to find logic where there is none . 
  i intend to travel to your house on train and tell you to stop talking bollocks . 
  really , i always thought dutch . 
  c'mon you know americans assume everything is american . 
  as they walk down the street eating their frankfurter sausages in their hotdogs with a pretzel , wearing adidas trainers as they prepare to head off to a baseball game , it 's american as apple pie !, 
  that works for some products , however other products need to hide their foreign origins from the american public because otherwise people would be inclined to buy american . 
  tyres are not something you 'd associate with the french is it ? 
  corn syrup was basically just a way for america to support it 's national crop rather than depend on the european controlled sugar industry in their colonies . 
  it 's also the reason why a lot of food in the us tastes fucky to outsiders .
