  so sets of fours downs are called drives ? 
  a teams offence must gain 10 yards from the position they start the drive to obtain another drive . 
  if they do n't the opposition starts their drive from wherever the last drive ended ? 
  yards are gained by either forward passing the ball and having someone on your team catch it without it bouncing on the ground , or by runs . 
  runs are stopped by the defence 's tackles causing the player in possession of the ball knee or elbow to touch the ground . 
  points can be scored by either touchdowns , conversions ( like rugby but with the option of throwing it to someone in the touchdown zone ) , goals and safeties . 
  the defensive team can take the offensive role by intercepts and fumbles . 
  seems pretty simple . 
  are there any limitations with passing ? 
  does play end after a forward pass is successfully made or can the catcher keep running ? 
  can two forward passes be made ? 
  any limitations with sideways passes ? 
  many people in the uk are very disappointed with how it was handled . 
  the italian handling of the situation was incompetent in some respects , that does n't equate to her innocence . 
  maybe she was `` not guilty '' of what she was accused in the legal sense , but it seems highly unlikely that she is innocent . 
  there was tonnes of evidence against , even with multiple statements made by all parties they 've never consisted . 
  they did n't approach the police and hid the murder . 
  they lied about meredith cutting her hand because they feared dna evidence . 
  dna evidence was found but then dismissed because of the possibility of contamination , a technicality at best . 
  knox has been found guilty again even with the invalid evidence omitted . 
  there 's almost no chance of her being extradited because we all know america loves one sided extradition agreements . 
  it 's also a clear example of nationalism over respect for the facts and america throwing its political weight around once its population sides with its own . 
  now we 'll most likely never know what the truth is since she was so vehemently assumed innocent by the american public . 
  ironic that you call italian court the court of public opinion when that 's pretty much how much of the world feels when the american public and politics get involved in a foreign case , seems like most americans rushed to say she was innocent and completely disregard the italian justice system before they even knew the facts . 
  edit : oh downvoted , nice , not even saying she 's guilty just that the case is hardly closed . 
  love how some americans are so blinded by nationalism they ca n't even conceive that she 's guilty or give any respect to the italian prosecutors . 
  you 'd think italy was zimbabwe from they way it gets covered in the us press . 
  everything we know for certain about knox 's behaviour is suspicious as fuck , not that that 's reason to convict her . 
  it 's most likely italy will be pressing for extradition should the current judgement be upheld . 
  ah ok i see why the quarterback gets all the girls in your crazy hollywood films now . 
  ~ ~ totally a marine sniper ~ ~ totally an ss sniper, 
   kind of like the forward or point guard . 
  i do n't know what those things are . 
  i 'm going to assume something along the lines of kind of like a centre forward or scrum half . 
  ah ok , it 's just you said `` the forward '' when there 's usually more than one !, 
  i do n't know basketball very well at all . 
  thank god katy perry did n't have a wardrobe malfunction at the superbowl today . 
  all those totally not fucked in the head people would clearly be frothing at the mouth at the possibility that little chad and taylor might 've have seen a bit of titty . 
  remember do some hardcore research before you go . 
  you 're not in kansas any more dorothy . 
  you seem to have accommodation sorted so i ca n't advice you on that . 
  you can get the train to paris if you want but book ahead otherwise i doubt it 'll be any cheaper than flying . 
  you can also usually fly to amsterdam for less than 100 quid . 
  look into what to do whilst you 're here , ask on forums for advice if you want . 
  plenty of things to do in london , many things are free , british museum as treasures looted from every corner of the world all viewable for free . 
  history and science museum too . 
  tate galleries . 
  depends how much culture you want . 
  i recommend going to the theatre , west end is better than broadway imo !, 
  covent garden is worth a look in . 
  there 's always the royal opera house if you like haute culture . 
  i recommend getting out of london too . 
  bath , oxford and cambridge are all beautiful and within easy reach by train . 
  do n't bother with a car unless you 're going all round the country . 
  driving around london is impossible and driving in or out of it adds an hour to your journey . 
  if you go to oxford street do n't expect to be able to walk in a straight line , bit of chaos really . 
  hampton court is really worth it especially if the weather is decent . 
  london is expensive so take lots of spending money . 
  pricier than new york so be prepared . 
  oh ok get you . 
  and ? 
  no justice system is perfect . 
  america 's justice system is ridiculous to the point that many international companies put their headquarters in europe to avoid it . 
  the plea bargaining system is also ridiculous . 
  does that mean every judgement made there is automatically invalid ? 
  taking a dismissive attitude toward italian justice on the basis of a few anecdotal cases is nothing but xenophobic nationalism and bigotry . 
  exactly the type of bullshit i was talking about . 
  even with all the incompetency shown in the original case against her there 's still damning evidence that we still do n't know the real story and now thanks to american political pressure being prioritised over the pursuit of justice we most likely never will . 
  badly out of sync, 
  it 's to do with the banking sector . 
  in terms of financial trading london is number one over wall street . 
  more money is kept in wall street mostly the property of us companies ( some of the largest in the world ) . 
  but more international money travels through london every year than new york for a number of reasons . 
  it 's the strength of the banking sector that decides the rating , not how much gross domestic product is there . 
  many of the cities on that list are lots of money but their industries are technology or manufacturing and so on . 
  london is pretty much a city founded in banking culture , therefore a + + rating . 
  it 's nothing to do with that and everything to do with the banking sector . 
  your getting downvoted because what you said was dumb . 
  the gdp of your city tells you absolutely nothing about how good it is to live there . 
  by this logic you 'd be better born in moscow than oslo or z\u00fcrich . 
  all this tells you is how much capital is concentrated in your city . 
  i miss this game . 
  i moved and did n't take my pc so i ca n't play it any more since my laptop is n't up to the job . 
  it 's really not that free to play . 
  after a few hours of play you 're going to find roles and vehicles you like and mostly play them . 
  you can get your favourite class and vehicle up to a decent level with just 30 hours play which is about as long as you need to learn the ropes . 
  having everything does n't really matter . 
  i mostly found this game very relaxing which is weird given how chaotic it is . 
  people complain that there 's no real lasting goals but i found it fun . 
  death really does n't have much consequences but a kill streak gives you a nice buzz . 
  lovely terrain to mess around on trying different approaches . 
  miss it a lot ;(, 
  absolute bullshit . 
  in the whole thing , knox and sollecito have never once provided consistent testimonies . 
  what we know as a fact though that they have both lied numerous times to police , changing their story constantly in accordance to what they think would get them off . 
  knox even accused a completely innocent guy to try to take the focus away from her who almost got dragged down with her if it was n't for a watertight alibi . 
  this is not `` circumstantial '' it 's the act of someone with something to hide . 
  knox has been completely whitewashed by the us press and public opinion and now someone who 's undoubtedly done something wrong , even if she was not the actual murderer , has got off scot free . 
  stop buying into bullshit propaganda . 
  people in the uk have no reason to hate knox , all we see is thing being fucked up by both italy and the us in a complete nationalist dickwaving contest between two xenophobic irrational nations .
