  or the island of soft near london . 
  it strikes me as weird that coventry has hard water and it 's medium in birmingham . 
  doubt they 'll learn much american english from gots, 
  you were a wizard ? 
  it is n't , yours probably is , that 's why you do n't understand . 
  amsterdam pop : 800.000, 
  new york pop : 8.000.000, 
  therefore america is leading the world . 
  logic ? 
  fyi paris makes chicago look puny , i wonder why ? 
  nobodies ever wanted you to fix anything , you 've always been acting for the benefit of your private interests . 
  nations do n't ask each other for help in wars , they appeal to mutual interests , which the us has a lot of since it has its grubby fingers in so many pies . 
  you 'll be glad to know that the original worcester is a lovely scenic place with some great walking hills , mostly a rural populations and very little crime . 
  also the home of delicious sauce , so it all works out in the end . 
  sadly the independent has gone all social media-ery and is now pretty big on click bait and `` twitter news '' . 
  shame it used to be decent . 
  it does actually make sense unlike what others have said , it 's just not totally straightforward . 
  when new money is printed it is borrowed by the government from the central bank , which itself is basically a government institution . 
  the reason this act gives the money value is because it asserts the borrower 's ( in this case the government 's ) faith in the currency 's sustained growth , the notion that there will at some point exist money with which the debt could be paid back . 
  now this is complicated by the fact that every year the government borrows more money from the treasury ( so even in a really good year economically all this means is that next year the government will feel confident to borrow even more money ) , and furthermore that the government never intends to pay the money back , merely the interest on the money that they 've borrowed . 
  in actuality it is not the intention of any government to pay back their debt . 
  it is merely the relationship between the interest the government owes on money it 's borrowed , and the money coming into government through tax ( essentially representing economic success of all the people making up the economy ) that tells us how we a country ( government + people ) , is doing . 
  for example the private sector in a nation could be doing well and it 's government could be wildly over spending in comparison and this would be reflected in debt . 
  utter bullshit , it 's america that does n't count most crimes as violent . 
  which is why it wrongfully claims to have a lower violent crime rate . 
  except for the strong american accent she had . 
  since leaving the uk , i am shocked and appalled out the state of take-away and delivery pizza back home , i remember papa john 's charging something like 13.99 for a pizza + 2 quid a delivery charge . 
  the german equivalent joey 's will deliver a pizza to you for 6 quid ( in euros ) with no charge for delivery and it will taste better . 
  winning nationalist argument , take what others say about you ( that you do n't record as much crime ) , and claim it of your opponent . 
  jaysus sometimes it 's hard to believe that that is english he 's speaking, 
  i was also traumatised by the no doubt inferior english dubbing shown in the uk . 
  wana fight about it ? 
  that 's because you 're a hill billy speaking a dialect from some backwards arse part of the new world . 
  you do n't even have a language of your own , and that 's because you do n't have a culture of your own either , nor were you the cradle of modern civilisation with an empire covering a quarter of the world 's land mass . 
  it 's only natural you hate your betters . 
  dat is goodest xbax tablet wurth allot av gld . 
  u shud get grhc card 4 best, 
  but at least it has the fancy new ones with no carriages, 
  yes . . clearly the country that probably contributed most to the modern world , started the industrial revolution , invented steam engines , civil engineering , and had the largest empire that has ever existed in all history is full of stupid people . 
  [ what 's this you ask ? 
  the smart countries with more than one scientific nobel prize per million inhabitants ] ( https://i.imgur.com/sqxdvxk.jpg ), 
  and you can go talk made up bullshit about a nation of people no doubt mostly smarter and more attractive than yourself . 
  `` we are the greatest nation ... in the world , we are responsible for emancipating how many countries ? 
  but not only that we go in and help and save , we rebuild them afterward and then we trade with them . '', 
  ergh fuck off you brainwashed drones ... translation :, 
  `` we are the most insecure nation ... in the world , we are responsible for deposing how many world leaders that did n't do what we said ? 
  but not only that we go in to brutally crush resistance and protect our financial interests , we reinstall an obedient puppet government afterwards and then we trade with them at prices set by our market . '', 
  go on ... 
  south germany though , old ladies walk around freely at 3am . 
  when you say shit like : -, 
   i 'm also a professional chef , and not for nothing , but this would never garner a michelin star in nyc . 
  pretty shocked it does in london , but that guide has been all over the place for a few years . 
  traditionally , much more pomp is involved in garnering a star than this . 
  firstly insulting all the restaurants in london a city of nigh on 8.5 million , asserting that the standard is higher in new york . 
  then asserting yourself as a more objectively and knowledgeable arbiter than michelin . 
  how do you expect to be received ? 
  you come across as an bitter jealous arsehole . 
  maybe if you learnt more about how you are perceived you 'd avoid these conundrums . 
  ok i take my insults back then . 
  but look at all the downvotes it 's clearly not just me who thinks you 're being an ass , you have brought those on yourself by the way you are being percieved . 
  you did n't just say `` i 'm surprised that a such a simply plated dish would be served in a michelin starred restaurant '' . 
  what you did do was say `` this would never garner a ... star in nyc '' , implying that the food shown here is not up to scratch were it in nyc and therefore that the standard in nyc must be higher . 
  then you say `` pretty shocked it does in london '' implying that therefore the entire standard in london must be lower , this is a unique anomaly and therefore must be inferior to your own experiences . 
  then you say `` but that guide has been all over the place for a few years '' implying `` i know better than the guide since i am in a position to determine whether the world leading accreditation in cuisine is out of line '' . 
  that 's why people are n't being nice , if you were more aware you would n't run into these troubles . 
  there are no irrational downvotes here . 
  the downvotes are the space between what you claim to have said and what you actually came across as saying . 
  i do n't know if you can cook or not but you sure come across as full of shit . 
  what on earth is a soft - a mr expert ? 
  yes 99 % of your country is that . 
  a joke where they think having 33 types of pizza is sophisticated . 
  i 'm sorry our country has survived 1000 years whilst yours is some modernist dystopia with gangs running amok and people who treat nationality as a religion , nutty evangelicals and survivalists , maybe some castles would reconnect you with history and stop you acting like complete brainwashed philistines over there . 
  i think it 's only `` the land of the free '' \u2122 where you 're prohibited from flicking ash out your window . 
  get out, 
  an asshole is where you keep donkeys pal , you however are an arsehole, 
  the united states of america, 
  nah `` bro '' , if i were you i 'd go eat olive garden and talk about how authentic america is , not at all a plastic imitation of europe . 
  anyone else slightly disappointed by the fact that nobody actually said `` she had man hands ! '', 
  in the video ? 
  those damn misleading quotation marks got my hopes up . 
  well 99.9 % do n't need to be . 
  there 's always the tiny minority ruining it for everyone in anything . 
  this is just to show that they take the actions of those 0.1 % seriously and try to deter them . 
  can confirm everyone says this in uk , just like people say `` i 'm getting a chinese / an indian '', 
  that 's kinda wrong you know . 
  one only need look at a book like `` noblesse oblige '' to see that at some point in history french words ( especially those that seemed unnecessary ) became more taboo and considered working class . 
  whereas words of germanic origins were considered to be properly aristocratic . 
  for example `` napkin '' is u , `` serviette '' is non-u , `` looking glass '' is u , `` mirror '' is non-u , `` what ? '', 
  is u , `` pardon ? '', 
  is non-u . 
  you 'll also notice in things like downton abbey they say `` valet '' with a - t , not `` valay '' , because these were considered gross frenchifications . 
  it was the working/middle classes that naively believed that french words were more aristocratic , they would purposely include them in their speech in order to seem more upper class , which is precisely why they came to be deemed non-aristocratic . 
  not really that bad tbh , you 'd pay 60-70p for one here . 
  you think pay to use toilets are common in the uk ? 
  you should try going to germany . 
  there are virtually no pay to use toilets in the uk outside of really touristy areas and major train stations . 
  seriously man , fizzy drinks are n't that nice . 
  most people chuck them before they get to the end . 
  they 're not hot dogs they 're frankfurters , in brine i imagine as they often come in germany , what you do with them is your business . 
  i do n't know .
