  you eat what i made, 
  you eat what i 've made, 
  you eat what i 'd made, 
  you ate what i make, 
  you ate what i made, 
  you ate what i 've made, 
  you ate what i 'd made, 
  do n't tell me tell him :p, 
  i was n't even talking about this incident tbh , although i guess some people assumed i was . 
  i just meant that there 's such thing as being too touchy about interruption which is annoying just as being a serial and inappropriate interrupter is . 
  this definitely was inappropriate , but it 's television and people want to spotlight . 
  politicians do it all the time . 
  i 'm just saying i 've met both ends of the spectrum , people who interrupt constantly as well as people who tend to monologue a bit too much and then feel insulted when you chip in with something trying to encourage a back and forth . 
  well that was disturbing . 
  citv was always a bit to zany and surreal for my liking . 
  afraid i was a cbbc kid . 
  it 's not good but it 's a damn sight better than st. patty . 
  i 've spoken to plenty of older people , it 's very hard to bond with someone who is so out of touch with modern reality . 
  for example at christmas i was sat in the kitchen for a while with an old boy who is the husband of my late grandmother 's best friend . 
  we talked a bit about life . 
  him at 28 - fully qualified apprenticeship in joinery , 2 years military service under his belt , married , 2 children with a 3rd on the way , mortgage on a house in the middle of the town we were in ( relatively expensive ) . 
  me at 28 - 4 years of university study , wages that just about make rent and keep me in beer and pasta , just managed to get my first rental on a studio flat that did n't require my parent 's name on the contract . 
  truth is we do n't just seem like children to this generation because we 're 30-40 years their senior , we also seem like children because we do n't have the hallmarks of what they consider to be a normal adult life i.e married , children , houses , savings , job security , successful companies etc. 
  you ca n't deny that the circumstances of our existences are very very different . 
  even people i know who are doing well ( see : high salaries ) still do n't fit the mould of their expectations of an adult human , mostly because they 're devoting all their energy to getting those high salaries and ca n't afford to be raising families while contributing to the community etc. 
  at the same time . 
  it 's not even about brexit , it 's about the complete and utter divide between what that generation took for granted and what this generation takes for granted , and this has a wider effect on the whole political sphere and even further afield . 
  our life experiences are unrelatable . 
  anyone got stats on what this would look like without zero hour contracts and the like ? 
  i ca n't help but think this notion of britain being an employment paradise right now is just a lot of fudged data . 
  2nd language speakers definitely struggle to distinguish accents . 
  to be honest , if that thing on the internet he 'd seen was the dictionary defined pronunciation of the word then he might 've been in the right . 
  well unless he 's using ipa to describe what he 's heard it 's a pointless discussion because he was probably just on the wrong page soundwise . 
  thing is i 've definitely heard native speakers of languages i do speak claim that dictionary prescribed pronunciations are non-standard or wrong . 
  i hate to say it , but while the matrix is a great film that explores a great concept ( cartesian doubt and the metaphysics of the real ) , the actual subtext is utterly hopeless and somewhat sub par . 
  the humans as batteries thing is completely moronic to anyone who understands the first law of thermodynamics ( i heard the first write of the script actually had the robots harnessing the humans for processing power ( at least logically plausible ) but they changed to the battery thing about they assumed audience were too stupid to understand it ) . 
  also , the idea that humans enslave a bunch of ais and treat them terribly always seems rather dumb . 
  i think if anything is clear is that hard ai to a terrifying concept , the idea that people would be comfortable with a non-human intelligence with its own volition just being allowed to be part of society is highly improbable . 
  this is why so many sci-fi worlds of that particular bent rely on the premise that the humans did n't know the machine was conscious . 
  finally , the notion that the machines would need to take the planet from the humans in some kind of territorial dispute is also kinda crazy . 
  given that an ai would be able to redesign itself from the ground up why would they even care , they could just fuck off to to some mineral rich asteroid or moon waste considerably less energy than it would take to war with however many billion humans there are already here . 
  have to say that there are definitely better more feasible sci-fi universes than the matrix . 
  it 's a well noted thing that in most christian cultures carpenters have been held up as an image of the good and honest man producing value with his hands purely because of the bible . 
  that said i think it applies to all manual labourers . 
  having worked on a building site before and knowing lots of people in trades i do think there is often an insufferable anti-intellectualism amongst such people , and strong tendency to denigrate any kind of labour that does n't involve much physical effort as effeminate and unreal . 
  yeah that 's what i said ? 
  why are primary school teachers always fucking horrible ? 
  i was really quite traumatised in school at that age and it really fucked with my relationship with education well into my teenage years . 
  i was always a bit of a strange kid . 
  i was n't crazy or wild like many other kids , i was happier just turning over rocks to look at the wildlife by myself than running around like lunatics . 
  i never really cared what the other kids were doing and would n't just copy the other kids like most of them would . 
  what can i say , people are different , is it really that shocking that some kids prefer sitting in the corner drawing or building something using their imagination than running around playing sports or school ground games ? 
  to some of the teachers that made me a dangerous liability , some even went so far as to decide i must have mental problems because i was n't following the group . 
  i can see how it made their job a bit harder , for example , they might have to tell me some things specifically e.g it 's time to line up now , rather than relying on me seeing other kids doing stuff and joining in , but it 's hardly like i was being deliberately subversive . 
  in my 2nd year i wrote the answers to some maths problem in the textbook ( where the author had been so kind as to leave answer sized gaps ) and got screamed and shamed in front of a whole classroom for doing so . 
  when i asked the quite logical question of why the gaps were there if not for the answers i just got made an example of as she listed all the students who 'd managed to correctly put the answers on a separate piece of paper . 
  no attempt was made whatsoever to explain anything , it was all made to be about issues of authority . 
  in my 3rd year i got this nasty piece of work old spinster lady as my teacher and she did her utmost to get me moved to a remedial class with the learning difficulties kid just so she would n't have to deal with me . 
  she would even refer to me as `` slow '' ( these teachers would constantly talk about students as if they were n't present assuming them to be too stupid to understand ) . 
  i was lucky , as when the regional educational psychologist eventually saw me they slated her for her decision as they could n't find anything wrong with me whatsoever asides possible mild dyslexia due to sub par spelling for my age ( turns out that was wrong too and my spelling issues disappeared a few years later ) , and that the real reason i was `` misbehaving '' was simply being under stimulated . 
  fortunately i moved schools when primary came to an end and did n't have to put up with that bullshit any more . 
  soon as i got to that new school i consistently got decent grades throughout , although my attitude took a lot longer to recover , and now i 'm a hell of a lot more educated than those old bints could 've ever managed . 
  tl ; dr couple of crazy old bats labelled me mentally challenged because i was introverted they did n't like the fact i did n't behave like the other kids . 
  psychologist with actual expertise told them i was n't . 
  moved schools and never had academic problems again . 
  insofar as smoking pot might make you realise that plenty of the things society says are bullshit , and that unquestioned conformity to social norms simply because they 're norms is unhealthy , she might 've been right . 
  someone of that opinion may be far more likely to hang out on such a street than some jumped up little schoolmarm without an original thought in her head . 
  that 's definitely true . 
  really really far off in fact . 
  we might have self driving cars on the roads in a commericial capacity in the next decade but it 's going to be a long long time until we trust them enough to allowed unqualified passengers to cruise around in them without being able to take over manual control in the event of a failure . 
  i think we 'll need to have self driving cars on the roads for quite a few decades before we trust them enough to allow them complete autonomy on the roads . 
  in the us i guess ? 
  i was educated in the uk and i refuse to use a regular verb when a perfectly good older irregular form exists . 
  thanks nsa !, 
  i 'm pretty sure the robots would 've been able to find more efficient ways of converting food stuff to electricity . 
  hell , i think we have plenty of more efficient methods at the moment e.g bio-gas . 
  honestly i 'd rather they either threw reality out the window and just went crazy than wrote implausible universes and then tried to pass them as sci fi rather than sci-fi fantasy . 
  the problem with the matrix 's backstory imo is that it could so easily be fixed . 
  make the humans into processors for example , say that they keep humans alive to study them . 
  anything would be better . 
  same for the robot uprising , the video her is just a one dimensional cartoonish piece of narrative crap that portray 's humans as stupid and hateful . 
  i think any live action film would need a serious rewrite to explain how humans and ais went to war . 
  i would say yes . 
  but it might depend on your being in the country . 
  accent can also be a big deal . 
  all the cigarettes and casual stimulant abuse might do that haha, 
  why not both ? 
  yeah it 's mostly the food . 
  then again cigarettes for breakfast was definitely a thing in the 70s . 
  what amazes me about that generation on how much focus there was on being slim , for both men and women , but no interest whatsoever in being physically fitter / stronger . 
  skinny with no muscle tone whatsoever . 
  depends on the alternative . 
  if your choice is that or rotting away in some grey industrial town on a meagre pension waiting to be put into care then i 'd take the costa to be honest , as naff as it is . 
  philosophy of language really differs from linguistics as it looks at the bigger picture rather than questions that can be answered empirically . 
  certainly the field is rife with linguists . 
  good working philosophers tend to have the equivalent of multiple bas or even mas worth of knowlege in fields around their subject area . 
  you ca n't be a philosopher of language and not be highly knowledge about linguistics . 
  edit : i 'll add that while modern language philosophers are certainly not guilty of badling , naturally historical philosophy , just as historical linguistics , is full of it . 
  certainly up until the 20th century the notion that national character , racial character and so forth was connected the linguistic features and rhetorical character of a culture 's language was pretty much considered a fact . 
  you 're missing the point .
