  gib sort code and pin numba will fix promise real this time no skele no pomp kin use spook3 ghost haxx rele, 
  the [ jersey shore ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/preview?safe=off&amp;q=jersey&amp;ie=utf-8&amp;hq=&amp;hnear=0x480c52a48c927533:0x519c23a30a1a6cc3,jersey&amp;gl=uk&amp;ei=40_ru4yvm4zh7abjvod4bg&amp;ved=0ckkbepibmbe ) or the [ new jersey shore ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/maps/place/new+jersey,+usa/@39.7862121,-74.7819274,9z/data=!4m2!3m1!1s0x89c0fb959e00409f:0x2cd27b07f83f6d8d ) ? 
  it wantzz itzz , nasty little hobbitzez, 
  you 're a moron . 
  i suppose 9/11 was a conspiracy too , you yanks crack me up with you 're delusions of anyone caring about your borderline insane opinions . 
  forever = until one of you dies, 
  go and educate yourself moron . 
  you are exactly why all the negative stereotypes about your nation exist . 
  well done on claiming credit for the roles of your ancestors ( despite it being more likely your ancesters were n't even in america at that time ) in a fantasy version of revisionist history . 
  but yeah congratulations on beating the few thousand soldiers we sent over to stop you guys whilst busy fighting napoleon and coming in to glory hog at the end of the war , you racist piece of human excrement . 
  it 's hidden, 
  [ serious black ] ( http://ronewzakcleveland.files.wordpress.com/2012/05/black-man-and-prostate-cancer11.jpg ), 
  just drop dead moron , it 's going to funny when we 're all learning chinese and your still beating that tired exceptionalism drum . 
  radical !, 
  go suck a fat cock moron , it wo n't be long until a population of 1.35 billion has you out produced and out gunned . 
  your hegemony has last the grand total of about 90 years . 
  a footnote in the annals of history , you 've really none nothing but ride the back of our declined empire , because you know we were busy fighting total war with hitler whilst you guys laid around selling weapons to the nazis . 
  the fact that link you 've provided exists shows just how insecure you all are . 
  your country is barely 5 times bigger than a major european nation , and in a hundred years you 'll be half as influential as the eu , remembered as nothing more than a corny joke who historically rode the back of european civilisation . 
  cool memez bro , you must be the memez masta , all the gurls about your memez, 
  i say we throw all obama 's tea into boston harbour and see how he like 's dem apples !, 
  i think you mean your mum 's basement has perks, 
  damn that music just makes me want to invade poland . 
  why is this a thing , criminals in other countries do n't start going on about their rights as a swede or dane or whatever in other countries . 
  this whole thing would 've been funnier if the policeman was like `` no sir , you 're in canada '' . 
  come to england , those things make you posh, 
  stupid fattie , stealing our [ tube alloys ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tube_alloys ) made with helpful jewish physics and not giving it back !, 
  so rude . 
  then silly marrianne kept blowing up africa , why ? 
  god damn it , i read this as `` uk mp wants more astronomy '' and was about heartily agree until i thought what use is astronomy to the nhs , then i hung my head in shame and tutted heartily at the actual meaning of the sentence . 
  kind of a douchey response . 
  obviously you plan important things with foresight , it does n't make you immune to hindsight afterwards though does it . 
  personally i do n't think nasa will get to mars . 
  i also think this is a good thing , any further space accomplishments should be done in a unifying way under the banner of international cooperation and not nationalistic competition . 
  moron , you 're the one deserving of a smack in the face . 
  it 's our language , we 'll use it how we wish , even if you refuse to do so . 
  yes because that english speaking empire that covered 1/3 the earth 's surface had nothing to do with it . 
  not really the same but killing kael ` thas with my guild after two weeks of trying . 
  when we started out we were just a small guild with about 20 members , this was the moment we realised what a long way we 'd come a long way . 
  i was basically new to the game when i started and now we 're a successful guild organising raids every night of the week ( although only 5 were serious nights and you were only expected to attend 3-4 a week ) . 
  what times we had , we were all so high . 
  you 're clearly a moron , obviously events in the past ca n't effect those in the future . 
  also it was , just not to the same degree because globalism was n't a thing then . 
  fact is there are far more english speakers outside the usa than within it . 
  lady vashj ? 
  yeah she was a good kill too , along with archimonde and illidan , those were the days . 
  guy was talking about the raf ? 
  i do n't if it 's the same there . 
  a lowf ? 
  at least get your fake british chav accent right ... 
  pissed , hammered , smashed , rat arsed , shit faced, 
  cake obviously, 
  rolf harris , jimmy saville , ian watkins, 
  orange mangoey shit , white minty shit , onion mix, 
  do n't know :(, 
  i agree , i know what the average newsnight viewer is going to be and that was very suited to their understanding . 
  hardly a negative portrayal , people just seem mad because of the opening statement is controversial , but that 's exactly the point . 
  it 's coming from the perspective of someone who knows literally nothing about games . 
  i really dislike the whiny persecution complex in gaming , those 17k dislikes on the video make us look like a bunch of spoilt children . 
  til spanish people are n't white ... 
  i am sick of lorry drivers who think they have right way to pull out simply because they 've stuck their indicators on , it 's so fucking dangerous . 
  there 's no requirement to let you out , wait until there 's a safe gap or do n't pull out at all . 
  i do find some irony in this , not that i approve of multinationals playing the system . 
  simply because i know that if a big international company wanted to move to america for favourable tax conditions many patriots and ring winger would be smugly supporting it and going on about the us being the best place for successful companies to do business , but when american companies do the same everyone is outraged . 
  in the uk lots of schools have swimming clubs that book slots in public swimming baths , but i guess for some kids in the us the nearest public bath could be a long way away . 
  actually exactly how he pronounces it , since look and luck are perfect homophones for people in the north of england . 
  what 's the difference ? 
  i 'm glad , how i hope the nausea lasts a long time you unrelenting twat haha, 
  you 're right , ricky 's no northerner , from reading which is n't much better, 
  that 's just not true . 
  3-4 % is a massive amount for a developed nation to spend , matched only by russia , saudi arabia and israel , all of whom have much larger threats to their sovereignty than the us . 
  given the size of the us it could get by a lower percentage than uk or france even , but it does n't so it can throw its weight around politically using the threat of overseas intervention . 
  i do n't live in your country but i 've visited plenty and i do n't love it . 
  you could all do with hard dose of 3rd world necessity to get you off the path of decadence , stupidity , over concern with convenience culture , the confusion of comfort and happiness , and generally taking things for granted . 
  that 's why you 've got to respect the chinese , many of them work like demons , ruthlessly try to improve their minds . 
  sure they 're often unsophisticated but that will come , unlike americans who 've managed to lose much of their sophistication despite being the richest economy on the planet . 
  not remotely equal populations , europe 's population is over double the us 's , eu 's alone is over 500 million compared to 313 in the last us census . 
  false , uk operates super carrier ( s ), 
  the fact that exists is kind of pathetic . 
  you know that guy in school who has to keep trying to be the best at everything and wo n't just chill the fuck out and be cool , even if he is the best at some things ? 
  you 're that guy , and typically that guy is a dickwad who nobody invites to the good parties , just saying . 
  about those american made f-35 's ? 
  what the fucking fuck ? 
  you say that like it 's a good thing !, 
  starting to think the fucking french would 've done a better job , and they 're french !, 
  first one is finished actually , just not in use yet . 
  anyway the point is they exist so you ca n't play that 's tired only one tune any more , never mind the fact that the concept super carrier pretty arbitrary anyway . 
  would n't be surprised if people tried to re-define the concept of a super carrier to exclude the qe class so us can protect its fragile ego . 
  hardly the same is it . 
  one is humourous bits and pieces , the other is banging on about military power and wealth . 
  if america 's was more like the british one it would n't be so unbearably lame . 
  i do n't really dislike it , i just do n't particularly care for it . 
  i can happily visit and have a good time , but i 'd get bored if i had to live there . 
  it just feels like the whole american philosophy of life is wrong headed . 
  i ca n't stand the patriotism and jingoism that affects politics , nor can i stand the unashamedly egoistical attitude of many people , sometimes talking to americans is like taking turns to speak rather than engaging in conversation . 
  feels like many americans are unnaturally detached from life , they work obscene hours to buy too much stuff , hundreds of gadgets designed to make their life easier like salad mixers or whatever . 
  it seems to miss the point that the joys of life are found in the satisfaction of mixing that salad , to whatever other simple chore that can be bypassed by spending a wad of cash on something instead . 
  working long hours is bad for your sanity too , if you spend all your time working towards material goals where 's the time to just exist and live life . 
  often i see americans overreact when some convenience is lacking here in europe as it were impossible to live without and that people here must be mad or in poverty to do without it , this presumptive attitude is annoying . 
  i am english but i live in germany , i do everything i can to fit into the culture , i do n't go around wearing my nationality like a badge of honour .
