  wow you obviously care a lot about some stupid shit, 
   like literally 2 posts about how this guy needs to go away . 
  thats it . 
  i see a shit ton of posts i down right hate , but i understand how they made it to the front . 
  this guy just is stereotypical im 13 and this is clever , witty , funny shit . 
  or maybe it 's funny and you are just too intellectually bereft or full of your own shit to get it . 
  have you considered the problem might be you ? 
   btw , you 're calling me a neckbeard ? 
  ok mr. 45k comment karma in 2 years . 
  sheesh go for a walk or something . 
  from the neckbeard who checks people 's profiles . 
  lol it 's like you 're fucking 12, 
  k lol , from the `` trying to get banned guy '' , you 're like a kid who 's just discovered the internet . 
  let 's single out a problem that 's common all over the world as solely european and then get butthurt when it 's pointed out that it 's not just europe . 
  lol persecution complex much ? 
  k mate . 
  you seem a little mad , keep stalking if you want . 
  i do n't know what the fuck you 're talking about to be honest . 
  the us is pretty similar to the rest of the anglosphere , at least compared to countries that have entirely separate cultures . 
  also why do you think the us is great ? 
  is it great ? 
  also how can the question of its greatness be determined by whether or not it was helped by the uk , if the us had not have been a british colony it would n't be the us , we 'd be talking an entirely different alternative history , and nobody would 've no what would have happened . 
  question does n't even make sense . 
  to me you just seem like one of those overly patriot types that 's a bit paranoid . 
  i think what you do n't like is brits tend to play down the us while people in the us tend to play it up , something something american exceptionalism , which is just part of british culture really . 
  come off it , there 's been plenty of child sex scandals around influential americans . 
  that 's just an absolute crock of shit . 
  the reason why you think euros are out to get you is because you actually believe all this bullshit and you do n't like it when people actually correct you with the facts . 
  first off , i never said the us did n't have a unique culture . 
  i just said it 's an objective fact that us culture is vastly more similar to the rest of the anglosphere than it is to china , or to russia or whatever other country with its own entirely distinct language and history . 
  us patriots seem to suffer from special snowflake syndrome and be upset when any comparison is drawn between the us and other similar countries , as if not putting the us in a special unique category of its own was an insult to its greatness , a very childish nationalist outlook . 
  to a chinaman the difference between the anglo countries are superficial at best . 
  admittedly the us is probably the most different of the ex british colonies due to the longest independence and the longest history of immigration giving the greatest opportunity for divergence . 
  furthermore it 's hilarious that you think our government and democracy was inherited from the us . 
  it 's just historically inaccurate . 
  if you read the work of the founding fathers you can see how obsessed they were with building a culture that was like england 's and appalled at the idea of being influenced too greatly by continental values and standards . 
  even into the mid 20th century you 'll see the wasp heritage was greatest indicator of privilege that an american could hold . 
  you can find hundreds of laws in american and other ex british colonies and the uk that written practically word for word the same even after all this time . 
  the whole system of common law , rather than civil ( roman ) law , is an entirely anglo phenomena . 
  the separation of powers in the government system is virtually the same across all ex colonies . 
  the american democracy took heavily from the british parliamentary system , despite being a republic . 
  furthermore the us is not particularly great in the majority of categories , especially when you start accounting per capita . 
  the us owes a lot of its global power to three things , one is its population size as a single nation , two is its natural resources , and three is its being able to go through both world wars relatively unscathed . 
  ww1 is widely acknowledged as the turning point in history when economic power moved west and the usa really began to assume its place as the industrial leader . 
  what you say about britain and america warring in the 19th century is hilariously historically inaccurate . 
  fact is that for much of the 19th century britain and america were incredibly strong trade partners . 
  i mean hell , the most obvious sign of this is as simple as looking at the accents of people on the east cost of the us , the intermingling of the british aristocracy and the newport elite was so strong it actually created the non-rhotic american accent , and it was connection british old money and american new money that secured the east coast 's seat of american power for centuries . 
  funny how you call the middle east our mess as if america was nothing to do with that whole trouble . 
  i would never deny that the uk had a hand in it , that 's just historical fact , but the irony is you were right there with us pushing exactly the same agenda for exactly the same reasons . 
  financially the ties between the city of london and wall street are so unbelievably strong that for one to fail would completely ruin the other . 
  the us also funded the rise of islamic extremism in the middle east as a barrier to communist expansion , and the uk was right there supporting it . 
  furthermore both the british and the american governments were competing with each other selling arms to people like the saudi royal family securing their hold on the nation . 
  as for israel , the british might have created it but it was american money and arms flooding in that made it what it is today . 
  you are literally the pot calling the kettle black . 
  ultimately , nobody expects americans to bow down to anyone . 
  that 's your false interpretation . 
  the truth is many brits are n't fond of americans because you really do believe a fantastical narrative about your country . 
  you are completely unaware of your own history . 
  you support this nonsense with your often terrible education system . 
  as far as many americans are concerned the history of the us is that a bunch of top class people came to the us to escape religious persecution by the evil british and survived by making friends with the local friendly indians , then the british taxed the people until they were broke and starving so the great kind lovely founding fathers threw off the yoke of oppression and heroically founded a nation with completely different values of being super nice good guys , through the virtue and amazing grace of the people there they made the best nation ever , and then benevolently saved europe 's ass twice just because they 're such good people . 
  it 's a stupid narrative . 
  america is no better or worse than any other country . 
  it 's amazing the amount of ignorance brits will face online from american on a nigh on daily basis , from americans supporting the ira as a bunch of top lads , to people thinking braveheart is an accurate historical representation of events and cheering on scottish independence as if scotland were an occupied territory , calling us imperialist and racist complete ignoring the killing of the us native population or the american history of slavery . 
  the reason you think brits are detracting from your history is because what you believe about your country is mostly just a propaganda narrative . 
  you call brits haughty yet you are the self dubbed `` greatest nation in the world '' , you actually believe that you 've just said that `` because it pretty objectively is in pretty much every category ? '' . 
  i mean seriously [ watch this shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4mcdzmwvwuc ) . 
  so much of american culture is self celebratory , from the president starting with `` my fellow americans '' ( other countries just tend to say `` hello everyone '' ) , from having flags flying everywhere , from international events being treated so xenophobically in your media , its as if america is a nation founded on trying to distinguish itself from its roots . 
  no other country i 've been to feels the needs to constantly reinforce its exceptionalism as if were it to stop doing this it would revert to nothing more than a colonial outpost . 
  you 'll find in reality that brits do not dislike america really , but it 's amazing the lack of self awareness you guys routinely display . 
  nobody expects the us to bow down , but it would be nice if americans would actually acknowledge they are a principally european derived culture that just happens to exist on another continent , and that it 's really not that different from anywhere else settled by white europeans with all the benefits that confers . 
  so why is it a widespread problem in europe ? 
  you seem to be fond of applying a double standard . 
  you view is a delusional fantasy that is n't worth refuting . 
  keep telling yourseld these things if you want . 
  that america is this special snowflake unique melting pot and that all its evils stemmed from britain but it 's just a funny joke . 
  fyi impressment ended after 1814 . 
  you are just desperate to distinguish yourself from your heavily anglised history out of pure persecution complex . 
  you want to dimished your role in the history of oppression by pushing blame to us and then failing to acknowledge any connection . 
  fact is youre the typical american nationalist and i 'm just talking facts . 
  anyway this is going off topic . 
  the two points were that the us is n't all that different culturally from the commonwealth nor is it particularly great . 
  sorry thay you hate brits for not buying into your fantasy propaganda narrative . 
  when you invade our country you get an anglicised name . 
  just like it 's william of orange not willem of orange . 
  let 's get this straight . 
  we do not want you to be british . 
  you are de facto anglo because you are an english speaking nation , that by itself does n't mean anything . 
  what you do n't understand is this narrative of britain being america 's great enemy is a completely phoney bullshit narrative . 
  you rebelled over 200 years ago and literally 50 years later it was completely forgotten about . 
  even the war of 1812 was pretty much a friendly match without strongly serious intentions on each side . 
  it 's really only in recent times that this popular american narrative about british oppression has become a thing . 
  you believe the most bullshit revisionist history of america 's heroic struggle against the british when your whole country was ironically founded by anglophiles . 
  america hates its own reality of an european colonial state and tries to make out like its the melting pot of the world owing just as much to native americans as it does to europeans . 
  it 's just silly . 
  anyway i do n't give a shit about historical revisionism really , most brits do n't like america for what it is now and not for its history or what it believes is its history . 
  the creation myth of america that is taught to every 3 year old is really nothing more than an a symptom of american nationalistic exceptionalism which is why you will find brits tend to talk down america rather than talk it up like most americans do ( which what you seem to be unable to stand ) . 
  you know that guy with the really big ego ? 
  well people tend to shit on him precisely because he seems so full of it , and many americans behave just like that big ego guy by withdrawing inwards to protect his egotistical beliefs rather than allow any element of self doubt to challenge what he takes for granted . 
  ironic that most europeans , even ones from countries where english is not the native language , can go to america and acknowledge that this country is pretty much like europe but with some cultural differences , while americans treat going to europe as if they were doing and expedition into the heart of darkness . 
  watch your media , look at your culture , you 'll find that the british attitude towards america is entirely warranted .
