  while it is true that people `` always needs tradesmen '' , the demand changes quite rapidly with economic swings . 
  you have to take the rough with the smooth . 
  driving on the the right is also more dangerous and leads to a higher rate of accidents and fatalities on the road . 
  that 's not true . 
  there are more fatalities on german roads than british . 
  the germans do have some rather anal driving test requirements , and yet more of their citizens die on the roads than the less heavily regulated brits . 
  it 's widely believed because driving on the left is safer for purely physiological reasons . 
  3.6 deaths per billion km driven in the uk against 4.9 deaths per billion km driven in germany . 
  regardless of the metric britain 's roads are safer than germany 's , and just think , if britain had as stringent requirements as the germans ( as far as requiring people who fail their tests to undergo psychological assessment from quacks ) , they 'd likely have even fewer fatalities . 
  it 's a laughable really that you 'd tote the germans as an example when they are a perfect example of why driving on the right is a mistake . 
  not only is driving on the left what people were historically naturally inclined towards , due to the prevalence of right hand dominance , but there is also a body of modern scientific literature showing its superiority as a model for driving . 
  something to do with your eyes and the way they process visual information i believe . 
  if anything the whole world should convert to driving on the left , however , i imagine that self piloting vehicles are going to make notions like `` side of the road '' obsolete before that happens . 
  driving on the right was always a mistake , an aberration from the natural order of things enforced by a french dictator on the rest of mainland europe who was too weak to resist him ( so much for democracy !, 
  ) , and his legacy was spread to the rest of the world through the imperialism of mainland europe . 
  the only nations that escaped this fate were the british colonies and those nations that remained uncolonised like japan and britain , who continued driving on the natural side of the road following their ancient tradition . 
  jesus , do we really need to ask this question ? 
  nobody is so stupid as to not look at per capita figures . 
  yes driving on the left is safer per capita in every metric ( accidents per cars , per km driven , and per 100,000 population ) . 
  most people 's brains / visual cortex is just better at driving on the left than the right . 
   not even commenting on all of your unsourced statements ... 
  are you so lazy as to not even be able to perform a simple google ? 
  ( 12 october 2015 ) . 
  `` road safety annual report 2015 '' ( pdf ) ( official report ) . 
  paris : international traffic safety data and analysis group , international transport forum ( irtad ) . 
  isbn 9789282107867 . 
  retrieved 2016-01-29 . data from 2013, 
  this study found :, 
   3.6 deaths per billion km driven in the uk against 4.9 deaths per billion km driven in germany . 
  [ wikipedia ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_countries_by_traffic-related_death_rate#cite_note-irtad2015-6 ) could have told you that . 
  but yeah , but be a typical reddit neckbeard and dispute the truth before overwhelming evidence . 
   what in the world are you talking about ? 
  failing your test three times in a row can be grounds for the idioten test ( mpu ) , an incredibly invasive series of interviews and tests that flies in the face of civil rights of citizens , handing their welfare over to quacks whose methodology changes every decade with the latest trends in psychology . 
  even with authoritarian methods germany ca n't get its roads to be as safe as the uk . 
  it speaks volumes about the superiority of driving on the left hand side . 
  germany would probably save itself dozens of lives a year if it were on the left hand side . 
  driving on the right hand side is at best a quaint historical aberration from the norm , and at worst a criminal negligence on the behalf of those countries who enforce the laws that require it , leading to many many unavoidable deaths every year . 
  you drive on the left for historical reasons . 
  which is fine , if you were n't the only ones on the continent . 
  do you actually understand english ? 
  do you understand the difference between `` it 's widely believed '' and `` the reason we do this is because '' . 
  can you comprehend to subtle difference in nuance in the english language between those two statements ? 
  at no point did i say that anyone drives on the left because it 's safer . 
  the scientific data demonstrating its superiority did n't come to exist until much later . 
  that does n't change that fact that 's true , it is widely believed that driving on the left is safer due to physiological reasons . 
  well to start with if i were from the us i would n't write `` licence '' i 'd write `` license '' instead , so there 's that . 
  but actually i have no problem at all with governments taking away the licences of people who 've broken the law . 
  what i have a problem with is the government getting into bed with private medical quack companies to perform assessment on citizens ( for a profit ) who in some cases have n't even broken the law . 
  when the government is psychologically assessing people to decide what they 're allowed to do even when they have n't done anything immoral or dangerous that 's fucking concerning . 
  when they 're employing poorly regulated quacks with mas in psychology ( like that were a real vocational qualification ) to assess people 's worth with subjective qualitative methodology it 's even more of a cause for a concern . 
  driving is a privilege and not a right , i can agree with that 100 % . 
  however , a fair society uses objective standards to ascertain this , absolutely egalitarian , rather than making value judgements about someone 's character to decide who can have this privilege . 
  the most terrifying thing about germany is that unlike most countries , who slate their own governments pretty much regardless of what they do , the german public gets behind the quirks and idiosyncrasies of their own government rarely applying a critical eye to what is being done , and even in the face of evidence showing such policies to be ineffective , defend them to the last , unwilling to compare themselves to other nations in a way that quite frankly reminds me of the americans . 
  that german national arrogance never quite dies a death , regardless of the lessons of history . 
  coincidences over millions of people over multiple years do n't happen . 
  also the idea that commonwealth countries have higher standards is also not the case , the uk licence is not particularly easy , but for europe it 's about average and is definitely not as demanding as many other tests in western europe , including germany . 
  there are only really two competing explanations of why all comparative studies show left hand driving to be safer . 
  either it 's cultural , left side driving nations just drive more safely for cultural reasons meaning that when all other factors are accounted for they simply drive a bit more carefully , or it 's physiological , the prevalent dominant eye processes visual information more effectively on the left hand side of the road than on the right , leading to fewer head on collisions due to people veering across the central divide . 
  i , personally , think the physiological explanation is much more convincing . 
  so companies like prosecur gmbh , absolut diagnostics gmbh , mpumax gmbh are counted as state employees ? 
  excuse me for finding that somewhat bewildering . 
  i also know for a fact that those who undergo the mpu for traffic offences have to pay heavily for their own tests , so even if it is n't private profiteering it 's definite generating revenue . 
  even if they are state employees , it 's still a concerning and drastic measure to use psychologists as the barrier to exercising a certain permission like driving , unheard of in most countries . 
  while most places use psychologists to assess whether a criminal is eligible for parole , they would n't let them decide when someone should be able to leave and how long their sentence should be . 
  the morality of involving psychology and psychiatry in the punitive measures taken against ordinary citizens who are otherwise compos mentis aside , there 's no denying that such measures would be received as at very least extreme , and at worst authoritarian , were they introduced in other countries . 
  the point remains that even with these measures , and a very demanding testing process , germany still comes out worse in every metric compared to britain . 
  in other metric it fares worse than ireland and japan . 
  these countries do n't use psychological testing on people who break traffic laws , and generally have less demanding tests than germany , and yet have equally safe or safer roads , strongly suggesting left hand driving has some physiological benefit , and there have definitely been studies on this that you can look up . 
   i said bullshit because it is . 
  your british studies yielded better results because you are used to it and because it is what you like to hear . 
   paris : international traffic safety data and analysis group , international transport forum, 
  i appreciate your approaching it so sensibly . 
  ultimately it 's not a question with a definitive answer . 
  there are always other factors such as average traffic density , cultural attitude towards driving , differences in the prevalence of different traffic solutions . 
  it 's still surprising that left side driving countries perform so well , especially when compared against right driving countries that invest more in teaching and enforcing driving safety . 
  seems like a pretty silly thing to circle jerk over when vast swathes of europe historically drove on the left and only changed because of a french dictator decided they should , combined with the fact that there is reasonable , if not conclusive , evidence to suggest left hand driving could be safer . 
  i had a fat drunk german pensioner hound me about brexit working himself in a right old state despite my protestations that i did n't support it and that he should n't take it as a personal attack on his nation 's interests . 
  he was a bit of an idiot though . 
  the vast majority of people are very nice , and extremely sympathetic if you say you do n't support it . 
  brexit has pretty much killed `` brit cool '' though , so much for our becoming the world 's largest soft power influence . 
  you can definitely notice the narrative changing on the continent and the anglosphere being treated with greater suspicion . 
  writing a language and speaking it are very different things . 
  native speakers write differently from 2nd language speakers . 
  i 've definitely experienced cases of 2nd language speakers rejecting long , complicated sentences as gibberish , but that was because they struggled to put the components together in the way a native speaker would . 
  remove the proper punctuation , and the sentence might still be interpreted by a native speaker , but will read like world salad to a 2nd language speaker . 
  lots of unseasoned writers just write whatever comes into their head in whatever order they arrive at it . 
  that sentence of yours is probably a good example of that . 
  i 'd advise employing better copywriters . 
  i do n't know if there is a name for this phenomenon , but if there is someone on this sub will probably know . 
  sorry i ca n't be of more help . 
   i have no idea what these are . 
  are they german ? 
  they are german companies that are licensed to perform mpu assessments . 
   if you fail three times you 're a serious idiot and it is justified . 
  we 're far from being the only country that does this . 
  keep in mind that these examinations are not compulsory . 
  i disagree . 
  if someone fails their test the three times they 're probably currently not a good enough driver to be allowed to drive right now . 
  however , calling them an `` idiot '' is offensive , and furthermore , imposing a government enforced psychological assessment if they later want to learn to drive is an abhorrent overstepping of the state 's role in daily life . 
  not to mention a scary delegation of power to a quacks in the highly subjective field of social science .
