  england - god save the queen / jerusalem, 
  scotland - o flower of scotland, 
  wales - land of my fathers, 
  northern ireland - londonderry air / ireland 's call / amhr\u00e1n na bhfiann, 
  edit : for accuracy , seems northern ireland 's anthem is quite controversial, 
  perfectly legitimate scientific term ? 
  we do n't have bad teeth , due to the nhs subsidising dentistry we have better teeth on average than most places , we do think it 's weird when people have that artificial bleached white look though , look unnatural to us , teeth were meant to be a sort of cream colour . 
  in the same way other countries are more comfortable with things like nose jobs , which can seem strange to other cultures . 
  we do n't have bad food either , traditional english is food is mostly very tasty , although it 's perhaps not very exciting ( kinda like german food , it 's mostly meat , grain and vegetables ) , it 's solid stuff you 'd want during winter to fill you up , not fancy mediterranean fine dining stuff . 
  if you 've had bad food in the uk it 's probably because you went to a bad restaurant . 
  furthermore we also have a very cosmopolitan dining culture in addition to traditional stuff and you 'll find high quality european food , alongside chinese , indian , thai in any major city . 
  just do n't expect amazing mexican food , funnily enough there are many mexicans in the uk so comparing it to texas is n't really fair . 
  nor do we have bad or `` warm '' beer . 
  america has relatively recently discovered craft ales , well we 've been making ales for time immemorial . 
  we have two main kinds of english beer , ale and bitter , ale is more common in the south and bitter more common in the north . 
  they are drunk at cellar temperature not chilled . 
  saying that they are `` warm '' is like complaining that your red wine is n't chilled , that 's the wrong way to do it . 
  it should be about 12 degrees celsius or 55 degrees fahrenheit , generally when it 's 12 degrees outside i do n't call it warm . 
  if you get beer that is actually warm then send it back , because that 's disgusting . 
  if you want lager then order german , it 's a german invention so naturally they 're far better at making it . 
  that we all either speak like the queen , or some braindead chav . 
  actually there 's a massive spectrum in between of regular talking folk that sound rather ordinary , as well as a variety of regional dialects spoken in varying degrees of extremity . 
  very posh people and very common sounding people are the extreme minorities . 
  that everything here is safe and cutsie , again nope , we may not have cribs and bloods roaming the ghetto but there 's still some rather nasty people around that you do n't want to rub up the wrong way . 
  we also have economically deprived areas that are dangerous to wander around looking like tourist . 
  that we do n't have guns . 
  actually lots of people have guns here , we just have far more regulation covering them and are n't allowed to carry them around for self-defence . 
  we simply do n't see owning a gun as a right of every citizen , if you own a gun you should have some reason for owning it . 
  but if you live in the countryside and shoot for sport or hunting feel free to own a gun . 
  usually a shotgun or a hunting rifle . 
  we do n't allow handguns or automatic weapons because it 's poor sportsmanship to mow down a deer with an mp5 . 
  that you are n't allowed to defend yourself if assaulted here . 
  actually you are , although you 'll be expected to use `` reasonable force '' when actually under attack , that means you ca n't kill someone for throwing a punch at you . 
  that we all love the queen . 
  we care no more about the queen than most english speaking countries , the only difference is that we are the ones who benefit off the tourism to england and people visiting buckingham palace and seeing the crown jewels . 
  personally i think she 's a good thing , part of the appeal of britain and its identity . 
  only political radicals want england to be a boring old republic like so many countries . 
  when people think of england our monarchy is one of the main things to come to mind and no one can deny there is a fascination with it around the world . 
  oh and british women are n't ugly at all . 
  we just ca n't compete with the scandinavian hotties or petite sultry mediterraneans being kinda in between . 
  the best universities are there true because they pay the best wages , but on the whole american students do n't do the best academically . 
  we judge you and we judge you to be shitty . 
  you guys tend to be very insecure , you should probably get that chip checked out . 
  his usage of grammar is jokes . 
  english speakers ca n't learn inflections or accents now ? 
  i 'm sorry but no . 
  if someone does a phd then they do n't deserve people faking certificates and claiming to have their qualification , if someone is a paramedic or a nurse they do n't deserve people claiming to have their skills/experience . 
  you do n't have to agree with the admonishment of soldiers to expect people to at least have the basic respect of not claiming to be one when you are n't . 
  i 'm sorry but that is bullshit . 
  the vast majority of eu immigrants coming to the uk are paying taxes and allowing those public services to grow , without them growth in the public sector would be even less feasible . 
  the growth in population in the uk is pretty much the only reason why the uk is set to overtake france as the eu 's second biggest economy by 2020 . 
  house price inflation is very little to do with immigration and mostly to do with the normalisation of property investment in the uk , the expectation that everyone will own and that property investment will increase in value beating inflation year in year out , fuelled by the banks who make a killing from mortgages , a completely unrealistic expectation and why the uk was hit harder by the recession than some other places . 
  furthermore the economy is being helped by skilled labour coming over from eastern europe , it 's been shown time and time again that the uk gets the best quality of internal eu immigration compared to any other eu nation , far more skilled workers choosing the uk over germany or any other eu nation due to the language accessibility . 
  the idea that british trade labourers deserve protected professions that do n't have to compete with alternative sources of labour in the eu is nonsense , and a sure fire way to weaken the economy and fall behind other countries competitively . 
  there is not huge numbers of immigration , i see no ghettos of eastern europeans it 's a complete myth . 
  europeans integrate and pay more tax than ex-commonwealth immigration by far , the value of their choosing the uk as a place of work far exceeds any minority of spongers taking advantage of the welfare state . 
  even for these people the rules regarding access to public services for new eu arrivals are being loosened pretty much addressing any concerns anyone may have about whether eu immigrants contribute or not . 
  the racism is fuelled by misinformation and that is it . 
  the truth i 'm not remotely ideologically motivated , eu immigration for me is an entirely rational move that is helping the country stay relevant in the 21st century and allowing our economy to expand . 
  most of the immigration before the eu freedom of movement was a failure which is why cities like birmingham now have ghettos almost entirely on welfare and places you can be attacked for simply being white at the wrong time of day . 
  the sad truth is that the anti eu immigration bullshit is simply bigots lashing out at what they can , nothing can be done about the millions of non-eu immigrants who contribute less than they take so the blame is shifted to the eu . 
  it 's also people who feel entitled to sell their labour at a non-competitive price simply because of what their passport says which gets zero sympathy from anyone but those in the same boat , dreaming of cushy pre-thatcher wages , the number one reason the uk lost so much of its industry . 
  the british public is incredibly misinformed and people like farage are nothing but opportunists riding a wave of scapegoating who would have us dismantle the nhs and sell our arses like the american public . 
  i 'm sorry but your arguments are bullshit , and whilst you may not be low iq or xenophobic , the only reason the movement you subscribe to even exists is because of low iq xenophobes who happily accept misinformation as truth and give such ideas a credence they do not deserve . 
  i just want to know what he means by it ? 
  i was n't saying it was a personal attack on my character ? 
  scots is fantastic and to be fair even as an englander is n't that hard to understand after a few minutes tuning your ear to the various vowel changes and diphthongs . 
  [ example ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny ), 
  well you 're not being ignorant but i do think you are being myopic . 
  the uk is n't losing sovereignty to brussels , all the most important things remain protected . 
  we 've just fought a lengthy expensive war we had no place involving ourselves in without the eu , the banks are untouchable without total eu consensus . 
  our power in brussels is greatly diminished because so many of our meps do nothing but try to undermine the eu . 
  britain is relevant and needs to remain so , the only reason people do n't think this is because they are comparing it to the days when we were a superpower empire . 
  look at the influence of a state like california in the us , there 's no reason why the uk ca n't exert that kinda of international soft influence . 
  furthermore eu immigrants only make up 0.6 % of the population , it 's barely going to make a dent on public services if they all left tomorrow . 
  the only reason public services have issues is because of poor management on so many levels . 
  saying you 'd rather be poorer is just cutting of your nose to spite your face , gdp is everything politically and economically . 
  it wo n't lead to better situation for anyone except perhaps minor benefits for unskilled british labourers who should n't even exist in our developed economy anyway . 
  i live in germany and the only reason they are ahead of us economically is because they make rational politically informed decisions , unburdened by swathes of entitled people who make decisions purely on emotive grounds , in that sense we 've become far to much like america and it saddens to me see the uk politics being driven by irrational notions about identity rather than sounds policy that is mutually beneficial for all . 
  i believe this culture still exists in parts of south america , where it 's not uncommon for `` supposedly '' straight married males to take receptive homosexual male lovers often with the blessing of their wives , who endorse this because they do n't see the male lovers as competition . 
  if their husbands were to play a receptive role they would be labelled as unmanly and lose all respect , and if they took female mistresses they 'd be labelled cheats , so they see this as a happy situation for everyone . 
  i 'm pretty sure they had anaesthetic , it was called getting fucked up on wine , possibly opium , laudanum , or whatever other shit they had in those days . 
  i ca n't not watch this when it 's mentioned . 
  [ he 'll save children but not the british children ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=l7ivsdrbhnc ), 
  no fucking way . 
  this is one of those rare instances of a film being so bad it 's actually good . 
  if it had n't been made we 'd be missing out . 
  there are so many mediocrely shit films that contribute nothing , this is n't one of them, 
  who is this scott that keeps turning up in these threads by americans , he sounds like a real wanker !, 
  wish people would be realistic with crowd funding . 
  it 's gone to the dogs completely because all you have to do is make some graphics and a cgi design video of some completely unrealistic product and boom cue nerds handing over a million dollars for your pipe dream . 
  i wish people would think `` is this the type of thing a small tech start up can realistically produce '' , hell i see stuff on their all the time that would take multinationals like sony or samsung with a nigh bottomless money pit a few years of development to get right , do you think a small crew working out a garage space in san francisco is going to do a better job ? 
  people have become suckers for the idea that a few guys with a dream can have a bigger impact and produce something better than a billion dollar company , it 's romanticism at its worst . 
  crowd funding is is great for quirky small to mid level projects that naturally have a hard time getting funded for being outside the box and frankly not worth the risk from big companies . 
  it 's not a place were serious high level projects go instead of proper investment , the people who want to do that go to real investors and get investment because their ideas are not only good but also feasible . 
  just look at / r/shittykickstarters to see how ridiculous it 's become . 
  edit : i 'm not saying crowd funding never works and i 'm not saying tech start ups never produce good results . 
  i 'm just saying that you have to be reasonable and things like occulus rift are the minority . 
  i mean look at something [ like this ? 
  ] ( https://www.indiegogo.com/projects/the-dragonfly-futurefon--3#home ) , it 's promising the world .
