   again , it 's about risk , a savings account is risk free , a mortgage is not , which is why mortgage rates are higher than savings account rates . 
   you clearly do n't understand the concept of risk vs. return . 
  better than you ever will . 
  why do you think i 'm suggesting investment comes with zero risk . 
   you realise `` protection '' costs money ... which will reduces your returns by more than the risk you 're reducing it by , by necessity for the writer of the protection ( e.g. 
  writer of the options ) to make a profit . 
  no , diversification does n't necessarily cost money . 
  you might spread you wealth over a number of properties , rather than put all your eggs in one basket , and still get a greater return over your properties than the single house you would 've bought . 
  i do n't see what you do n't get about this . 
  except you have n't pointed out anything , all you 've done is mention leverage , with is n't even relevant , thus showing me your economic illiteracy . 
   i did . 
   i had to prove who my prior insurer was . 
  the form for a self-employed person first coming into germany who wants public insurance is about 10-12 pages long . 
   i 'm happy to wager you 100eur that i had to get proof that i was insured in the last country i lived in before tk would give me insurance . 
  maybe you did would depend on which year you arrived . 
   because my friend from france did that and got royally fucked , they sold him private insurance . 
  then he 's a moron, 
  go fuck yourself, 
   well i took my german passport because i 'm a german/british dual-citizen . 
  then if anything you had an advantage . 
   no i did it all via mail and email . 
  my mother is german and has lived in heidelberg for most of her life thus i am a german citizen perfectly capable of speaking , writing and reading german . 
  i would go as far to say that my english is almost as good as my german , 
  sounds like you 're a moron then , because i know of people without german parents or german fluency that managed to sort it very easily . 
  it 's not . 
  i 'm sure someone 's done it at some point . 
  or he 's a typical brexiteer who does n't believe the economy is a real thing and thinks it 's about time we had a slow down , as it 's not like most people do any hard graft any more . 
  that 's a good way to put it . 
  too often people think of addiction as not being able to stop doing something . 
  but it 's never a matter of ca n't stop but rather wo n't stop despite negative impact on your life . 
  it 's not like you could ever literally not be able to stop doing something like taking drugs , it 's not like your body is going to stand up and walk to buy drugs against your wishes . 
  there 's always that awareness that it is ultimately a choice and that stopping is possible , it 's just a choice you make the expense of other things , and you keep making that choice because it 's easier , and incidentally the more you make that choice the harder other choices become . 
  the user of any potentially addictive thing should n't be asking themselves the question , could i stop engaging in this behaviour if i had to , like if there were a natural disaster and there were much more pressing things meaning i could n't engage in that behaviour . 
  what they should be asking is if i stopped tomorrow how would me life and well being be affected . 
  if the answer is your life would be significantly worse in any sense , then you should probably stop . 
  that 's a weird way of looking at it , plenty of dreadful us comedy out there . 
  plenty of decent us comedy that is as low budget or lower budget than much of the canadian stuff . 
  shame so many people ca n't see past production value when it comes to what they watch . 
  left is ok then ? 
  that 's the joke , it 's making fun of those conservative reactionary working class types who think we 're constantly in a state of moral decline and are quick to blame any problem whatsoever on slipping values , in this case work ethic . 
  often in such people 's minds unless you 're a physical worker of some sort then you 're not a true `` grafter '' , and your job is just some unnecessary nonsense for women and effete booksmart swots with no common sense to do . 
  lately i 've heard some funny remarks from brexiteers , remarks like `` the pound was overvalued and it 's about time it dropped down a bit , holidays being a bit more expensive is worth it '' ( completely unaware that the pounds value impacts prices in the uk i 'll add ) . 
  as as remarks like `` we 're due a recession anyway , so if brexit causes one it will just be bringing it forward a bit '' . 
  there 's this whole self loathing element to right wing populism . 
  if the economy is bad then it 's because people are n't working hard enough ( instead of a systemic problem with our economy ) , if something appalling or tragic happens it 's because people do n't care about right or wrong anymore ( rather than it simply being action of a few bad eggs ) , if britain performs in some area compared to other nations it 's because the country is going to the dogs ( rather than britain simply not being very good in that specific metric ) . 
  it 's that fucked up nostalgia for the past , when things `` made sense '' , when men were men , and you call a spade a spade , when political correctness had n't gone made and health and safety had n't stopped good working men from starting businesses . 
  it makes everything bad that happens part of some all encompassing progressive social sickness , which is a more appealing narrative than the reality that society has problems and there is no simple solution to make them go away . 
   students do n't care about missing usb ports or sd card slots . 
  they want small light and sexy looking . 
  let 's just tar everyone who 's been in higher education with the same brush shall we . 
  you 'll find that students are on average more computer literate than their non-higher educated equivalents . 
  plenty of students still turn with with desktop computers , at least the nerdier ones . 
  it is n't `` students '' who only really care about a light sexy looking computer , it 's also young aspiration mothers who want to appear chic , it 's creative hipster types who sit `` writing '' in caf\u00e9s , it 's teenagers who just want a laptop for netflix and schoolwork and do everything else on their phone . 
  literally everyone who does n't cares more about the image of their computer than it 's functionality would prefer a mac , and such people are often willing to pay a high price for it . 
  big fat neckbeard reddit clich\u00e9 , nostalgia inducing singing of smash mouth invoking memetastic memories of shrek , repeatable formula that can be milked for views ( if you had n't loved , same as children , the internet loves repetition ) , actually quite good covers . 
  it 's a perfect reddit storm . 
  well yes , what do you expect when the mainstream image conscious computer buyer with disposable income is a vastly bigger market than the creative technologies market . 
  apple might pretend to be less of a business and more of a `` culture '' but when you look past all the expensive marketing and branding a business is all it is . 
  [ yes you do ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/education_in_england ), 
   education is compulsory until 18 , schooling is only compulsory to 16 , thus post-16 education can take a number of forms , and may be academic or vocational . 
  this can involve continued schooling , known as `` sixth form '' or `` college '' , leading ( typically after two years of further study ) to a-level qualifications ( similar to a high school diploma in some other countries ) , or a number of alternative level 3 qualifications such as btec , the international baccalaureate or the cambridge pre-u . 
  it can also include work-based apprenticeships or traineeships , or volunteering, 
  i know this because it was not the case when i was a kid but was brought in by the tories in an attempt to reduce the number of neets and bring the uk more in line with the global standard . 
  when i grew up you could go straight from gcses to a full time job with no educational component . 
  i hear stand up comedians at least get paid twice as much in the uk than the us , so god knows what they 're paid in canada . 
  it 's called merits , i guess i just copied what he said , and he got it wrong . 
  you it says a lot , that the average joe is not really aware of what personally benefits him . 
  possibly all the above . 
  the government is looking for any possible out from brexit that can be achieved before 2019 , possible by revoking art 50 unilaterally when negotiations `` fail '' . 
  the government is prioritising free trade in the negotiations and all the bluster about freedom of movement being top priority is just to shut the plebs up while they manufacture a plausible narrative for doing this . 
  if somehow we did end up outside the single market the government promises to foot the bill at the expense of the taxpayer . 
  if any tariffs are covered then an economically weaker britain with a weaker currency might actually look like a golden opportunity for nissan to get cheap high quality labour . 
  ironically this would mean that only people who would end up paying more for british made nissan vehicles are britons themselves . 
  nissan has obviously become a political hot potato since brexit , especially given that sunderland was the first constituency to report a leave majority on referendum night , making sunderland a symbolically eurosceptic area . 
  sadly , i actually hope the uk government are doing these things , no matter how dishonest they are , because at least it shows they do have economic interests at heart . 
  damn i 'd forgotten that lemonade . 
  they were all bbc types at the time and probably got asked to be on it . 
  clarkson was nowhere near as famous at the time . 
  you 're not paying attention if you think that . 
  only brexiteers think those problems are `` short term '' . 
  that 's a naive interpretation of what economists are saying . 
  nobody is saying that the uk economy will die without the eu , but with any economic hit you should be comparing against where we would 've been otherwise . 
  under the current adjusted 10 year predictions you will be 8 % poorer in 2026 than you would 've been . 
  obviously when certainty returns after the brexit has adapted to post brexit conditions then certainty will return and normalise the market , and growth will pick up to a much more normal rate than whatever it slows down to during the peaks of the short term brexit impact . 
  however , there 's no predictions indicating that the uk will catch up to its previous trajectory , and no reason to particularly think it will . 
  [ sure thing mate ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e5hkuhsenpq ), 
  honestly i 'm scared at what i 'll find when i get back . 
  either roaming packs of feral pole bashers or the rise of the 3rd british empire depending on who you listen to . 
  living in germany , i think the germans are in many ways lucky to be insulated from us culture by a far greater language barrier . 
  sure many germans speak english , and sure they readily import us culture , but they do n't have the same level of insipid and unavoidable cultural creep that comes from brits and americans inhabiting the same social media platforms , internet forums , website comment sections and so forth . 
  and yes , of course germans do often inhabit the same social media platforms , internet forums etc. 
  but put it this way , when a german visits an english speaking site he 's well aware of the fact that the people he 's talking with are not german , whereas asides from spelling most britons are n't really aware of the fact , and why would they care given it really is n't any effort for a briton to understand american english these days . 
  to some degree people inhabit a language and not a country . 
  if you watch german dubs of us tv programmes and speak german , you 'll notice the cultural divide in how many jokes and references have to be reworked for the german audience , for me this is proof enough germany is more effectively insulated . 
  so his gun 's on his right hip , so we can assume he 's right hand dominant . 
  his right hand is therefore needed to fire the gun . 
  whatever he does to avoid the tweaker 's weapon while reaching for his own must be done with the left hand . 
  if he were to attempt to move the tweaker 's hand with his left arm to the left then he would have to grab it and pull it across him . 
  this action is much slower , because your arm needs to hit with accuracy grabbing his his wrist , which ca n't be done as quickly , and has a much greater chance of going wrong , and because your left arm would need to change direction to move it 's movement from rightwards to leftwards , taking valuable time . 
  much quicker and safer to simply smack the gun with your left arm as hard as possible .
