   credit for buying consumer goods is always bad . 
  credit for buying houses and cars you can afford is okay . 
  need a new tv ? 
  save up , no reason for credit . 
  only if you 're a self flagellating preu\u00dfe or have the self control of a goldfish . 
  credit is there for you spend on whatever the fuck you want , provided you can pay it back comfortably . 
  want a better christmas ? 
  stick it on credit and pay it back in the january lull . 
  only someone who did n't trust their own self-control / mathematics would think as you do . 
   interesting , mine does n't . 
   ah wait , we were talking about the german finanzamt . 
  you do file german taxes , do n't you ? 
  obviously , although i could easily do it through my company in the uk . 
  i was making a general point that https://www.gov.uk/ is well beyond anything we 've got in germany . 
   it 's just weird . 
  you need to get out more and see it 's you who is weird and behind the times . 
   paying to see architecture and museums is not the same as claiming subservience to a family that believe it 's lineage is chosen . 
  where are the world senses ? 
  so eager to reject god yet still clinging to ideals of the 14th century . 
  you 're ridiculous . 
  yes because having a queen means we 're all claiming subservience to her . 
  get to fuck you just have a stick up your arse about the concept of royalty despite the fact it means nothing in the 21st century . 
  you 're probably some christian republican libertarian moron anyway . 
  religion is a crock of shit , the royal family brings people a lot of assurance in following traditional dating back to william the conqueror . 
   our history is our history . 
  it 's not perfect but we changed and proved w e have the capacity for change . 
  i like the irrelevancy in your argument . 
  maybe if they spent a little more on your education and less on the royal family we would n't be having this conversation . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 'm more educated than you . 
  my point about sheriffs was about as rational as yours about the queen . 
  what something historically represented is not the same in different times . 
  your history is glorifying morons . 
  remember guys there 's absolutely no pro-american circlejerk on reddit . 
  absolutely not . 
  ( the american economy is kept high by the fact they 've blackmailed the entire world into trading oil in dollars , even going to war over it , without oil their economy is a busted flush ), 
  hurr hurr , go give some mentally ill people the death penalty then go to church where the priests do n't even get ordained and preach the evils of homosexuality and sex . 
  except the queen does n't force us to pay her taxes . 
  she could be abolished tomorrow if people wanted it . 
  she makes far more money for the british government than she takes from the tax payer every year , not to mention the money she puts into the country though royal obsessed yanks and other foreigners coming to see her and her estates . 
  also the sense of national pride people find in having a lineage 1000 years long , as well as acting as a diplomat , as well as strengthening ties between the commonwealth nations , as well as acting as a public servant . 
   he 's part of a belief system that has little bearing on an individual that chooses not to believe in him . 
  except for all the persecuted gays , the kids in poverty whose mothers did n't want them but did n't believe in birth control , the people who stay in bad marriages because divorce is evil and so on . 
  also all the other people who do n't believe but have to put up with this shit from their neighbours ... 
   that would be culture barriers resisting progressive change . 
  nothing to do with god . 
  except you know all the holy books that explicitly condemn this stuff . 
   and no one can remove the queen . 
  when 's the last time it was ever brought up in parliament ? 
  the last time there was sufficient desire in public opinion to do so . 
  fact is she has high approval so why would they ? 
   it has nothing to with her profitability ( which is nice of you to admit you whore out your royalty for money ), 
  now you 're defending her . 
  wow . 
   everything to do with perception in the 21st century . 
  you seem to be mistaking your perception with what the rest of the world thinks . 
   let the barbarians have their royalty , it 's time for the rest of us to find solidarity and move in from such an archaic way of thinking . 
  i 'm afraid your the barbarian for being unable to maintain a culture for more than 200 years . 
  you are crass juvenile piggish people . 
   royal obsessed yanks ? 
  do n't flatter yourself . 
  why would i flattered by the attention of a 2nd rate nation ? 
  did n't stop millions of them tuning into every royal wedding and thus sending millions into the royal coffers in broadcast rights . 
  i do n't give any country an easy rap , but on reddit it 's only americans that are desperate need of being informed and knocked down a peg or three . 
  also 18 trillion in debt , losing ground in the financial markets constantly . 
  but i digress , the whole world trading in dollars for oil is exactly why so much faith is put in the us economy , i 'm not saying the dollar would be worthless without it , but it 's massive inflating factor . 
  countries who reject the petrodollar have a funny habit of being destabilised / invaded . 
  if you took it away tomorrow the entire us economy would collapse as banks and corporations rushed to diversify their holdings into other currencies , it 's the definition of too big to fail . 
  that post pretty much summed it up . 
  this is what happens when supply and demand control the price . 
  want to jump on a train that 's in high demand at the drop of hat , you get ripped off to the max . 
  but booking ahead is sound advice . 
  uk train fares behave more like airfares than the strict regulated only partially privatised trains in europe . 
  you have to shop around for the deals in advance rather than just knowing it 'll be there when you need . 
  there is absolutely no benefit to ordinary people of our system , but it pumps up the amount of cash big business has so the government can celebrate with their wealthy friends and post economic growth . 
  you seem angry . 
  i did n't deny the us has a strong economy . 
  you seem to me to underestimating the factor the petrodollar has on making those treasury bonds desirability . 
  yes the us economy 's being too big to fail does add to stability , it 's a vicious cycle insofar as everyone is unavoidably invested in it making a lot of foreign money inflate the us 's capital holdings . 
  where did i say that the best way to overcome debt is n't to outgrow it , however that does n't make it not a precariously built house of cards , something like the loss of the petrodollar would tank it ( not that that 's happening any time soon ) . 
  you also seem to overestimating the dangers of a grexit for the eurozone . 
  as for libya and iraq clearly the notion oil had anything to do with this is just insane right ? 
  seriously chill out , i do n't even think i 'm disagreeing with you that massively , just on certain issues which are put for debate . 
   you wonder why i 'm annoyed ... because of this ... it 's like . . talking to a brick wall . 
  i do n't get your point , are you saying the flight of massive sums of capital out of the us banking system would n't fuck the economy , because it would be disastrous . 
   yet the loss of the petrodollar will collapse the entire american economy ? 
  and yet , the resilient eurozone that has only been around for a little more than a decade , which is n't grounded in any true overarching political union like a nation-state , has stagnant growth , is going into deflation and does n't possess a cemented fiscal union that streamlines transfer payments will be ... will be fine ? 
  petrocurrency  greece, 
   first post . 
  too tired to regurgitate talking points, 
  link ? 
  liminal penis, 
   a world in which everyone does what one is supposed to do and does n't rely on help from their landlord ? 
  no a world where legal responsibilities are only instigated as a last resort , without much mind paid to them in the normal world of cooperative reasonable civilised people . 
   yeah , so ? 
  do you expect me to be thankful for that ?!, 
  fuck yes i expect you to be grateful for that . 
  it 's making you rich for starters . 
  you however do sound like so many german landlords , who have see so little competition in the market place they think they 're owed tenants by the grace of god . 
  i mean germany is only just starting to reform it 's ridiculous agency fee system . 
  i love this country but by god you 're backwards in some regards .
