  but i asked you to help me move , not help me put a load of boxes in a van ? 
  ha small escalators america !, 
  yeah , because we all know 10 seconds has never made a difference in the train station , at the airport , and so on ... 
  good jahb !, 
  you 're hilarious . 
  i bet all your 11 year old friends laugh at your jokes . 
  how is the aisle seat using his armrest going to make any less space for walking ? 
  it does n't even make sense ... 
  that 's just kids stuff for parties . 
  when you 're an adult you do n't even count the tokes and just make sure everyone gets a decent quantity . 
  transit ... cars ... confirmed as the rare breed of american train commuters . 
  say `` m ` lord '' not `` my lord '' if you want to blend in with the smallfolk , as if you were too stupid to realise it was two words , `` my lord '' will mark you as highborn . 
  has summer reddit come early this year ? 
  never hold the door . 
  once i were strolling around town after visiting my barbers to groom my magnificent neckbeard , perusing the local stores for rare 2nd hand vidya games and my little pony merchandise , i found myself transversing the port of entry into my local shopping mall . 
  i was browsing / r/atheism on my iphone 6 at the time , laughing internally at uncultured fundies and dank memes . 
  as i propelled my portly frame through the entrance i noticed a girl standing behind me . 
  she were dressed in unladylike attire and covered in piercing , nonetheless , thinking little of it , and considering myself a true gentleman and all round nice guy , i held the door for her to ease her passage into the hall of commerce . 
  she screamed . 
  white cis-male filth !, 
  how dare you attempt to aid me as if i was not your equal !! '', 
  taken aback , i smiled wryly and silenced her with a look of pure enlightened euphoria . 
  i then preceded to explain to her the err of her ways , teaching her the chivalrous way of the true gentleman and explaining to her the plight of our dying kind through the mra movement , and of our fight against the bad boys and the douchebags . 
  upon my finishing of my exposition , i relished the look of sheer horror on her face as she knew that she were beat . 
  spontaneously , a round of applause went up from the shoppers who surrounded us in appreciation for the truths i had just told . 
  one old man even came up to me and said `` simply marvellous ! '', 
  and pressed a piece of paper into my hand . 
  upon farther examination , it were a single crisp $ 100 bill . 
  later that week i ran into the girl again whilst walking my daily route , she came up to me and apologised , saying that i had turned her from the path of feminism and woken the euphoria inside her , that she 'd deleted her tumblr account that very night and become a redditor . 
  we immediately swapped usernames and after this she invited me to share a caffeinated beverage with her and it went very well indeed , a true gentleman never tells , but let 's just say i 'm no longer a virgin ... 
   must have it mommy let you out of grad school . 
  word salad much ? 
  even in the ghetto they can form sentences . 
  i just people hard for not using homonym in the strict sense of a word that is both spelt and pronounced the same , yet with a different meaning ... 
  i judge people for having a stupid prescriptivist attitude to grammar and pronunciation . 
  also people who write things like `` omg r they speaking english '' whenever a video in a different accent comes up . 
  it just shows how uncultured you are . 
  do n't be stupid . 
  if i ask you to help me unpack then why is it unreasonable ? 
  all that matters is the quantity of help you are expecting from a friend . 
  i do n't see why it matters whether a friend is helping me pack , helping me move the boxes to and from the van , or helping me unpack . 
  the only dick thing to do would be to expect your friend to do an unreasonable amount of work , to tell them come help me move stuff into the van when in fact i 'm expecting them to do the rest . 
  this is just one of those stupid things people say as if it meant anything in real life . 
  after the war with napoleon was won ... 
  reddit likes to simplify the world down to twee little rules and categories , that way many feel a smug sense of superiority and understanding about stuff . 
  i mean much of reddit is repeating tired clich\u00e9s ad nauseam , the hive mind ai n't too bright . 
  what does that mean ? 
  reacting like a moron whenever you hear people from somewhere you 're not accustomed to is the definition of uncultured . 
  it 's literally lacking the cultural awareness to respond respectfully when exposed to that culture 's way of speaking . 
  people who are cultured do not start going crazy when they hear a scottish/welsh/irish / south african and so on speaking english because they have been exposed to that that culture in some form at some point in their lives . 
  that is why they are cultured . 
  i 'm sorry but all those people are the definition of uncultured , there 's no way they can not be uncultured by the very meaning of the term . 
  they may be rude and/or stupid too , but guess what , that 's just another trait of people who are uncultured . 
  why do n't you judge people who deserve it , like the idiots who make fun of other cultures way of speaking as if they were the centre of the universe , rather than people who simply use the perfectly legitimate term `` uncultured '' . 
  well yeah , some people use it for stupid reasons . 
  i really do n't see how the godfather is any more cultured than hgttg . 
  still i think you can fairly use the term about people who are culturally insular and act like idiots when exposed to things outside of their personal cultural bubble . 
  or get taken to an aisle full of flat-pack closets . 
  always wondered why americans never use the `` ah '' sound except in foreign words . 
  never heard it called `` ugahnda '' before ... 
  time will tell ... sooner or later , time will tell ... 
  and they wo n't even sell it dd or give away the source code like they did with ra1 . 
  fyi you can play ra1 for free at cncnet.org, 
  i remember the days when every every area had a different name . 
  `` kevs '' `` barrys '' and `` sharons '' were common round the midlands . 
  `` scallies '' and stuff up north . 
  apparently `` chav '' came from kent though , at least that 's what i heard . 
  it 's really obvious that they 're aussies . 
  for example it gave it away at the start when he says `` hey babe , they ai n't got no free range chicken ... you fucking what ... that 's what i said '' . 
  for example the way he pronounces the `` ay '' of `` babe '' just sounds super aussie . 
  also they way he says `` chicken '' sounds really aussie , almost sounds like `` cheekeen '' . 
  there 's elision missing from the way he says `` that 's what i said '' which would sound like `` thet 's waw-ah sed '' in a proper chavvy london accent , which i think he 's trying to imitate . 
  from the first sentence alone you can tell he 's not a true british chav . 
  convincingly copying an accent is pretty hard , especially one that 's not you 're not commonly around . 
  there are actually a tonne of phonetic similarities between aussie and cockney , but humans are remarkably adept at detecting the minutia that give away a phoney accent , although it 's pretty hard to put into words unless you 're a linguist or something . 
  you 'd expect them to speak something like [ multicultural london english ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fyd3vmog3wm ) , it 's a good little video about accents , it shows how remarkably fast accents change . 
  the version cockney that affected australian is probably 150 years old , i 've heard some lingustics remark that aussie is like a fossilised version of the 19th century london working class accent to some degree . 
  oh yeah , when i was a teenager in the late 90s and early 2000s there were totally different sterotypes . 
  like a `` kev '' was someone in a berghaus waterproof that pulled in around the waste , tracksuit bottoms tucked into their socks and rockport boots . 
  a `` barry '' was someone in a reekbook classics , jeans , a polo shirt , silver chain who probably drove a suped up renault or peugeot . 
  it was definitely around the early 00s that suddenly this word `` chav '' just came into the public consciousness as a catch all term for these people . 
  nope , although i take an amateur interest . 
  a real linguist would be able to tell you a lot more about what these guys did wrong in linguistic terms . 
  identifying everything in terms of vowel positioning and write it out in the international phonetic alphabet , but that 's way beyond me . 
  god the american police just disgust me . 
  whenever i see this stuff discussed by americans the same attitude just appears again and again . 
  something like `` we do a dangerous job , why should be take any kind of risk whatsoever to preserve a criminal life when we 're the good guys ? '', 
  it 's amazing how in the uk for example police manage to travel around the worst areas of london , places that probably have a higher murder rate than much of america , and not even carry guns . 
  it 's amazing how police in europe , in really dangerous parts of spain or france for examples , while armed , will not draw their weapon until they actually perceive a serious threat . 
  rather than aiming their guns at people for `` protection '' . 
  in no other developed country is the notion that failure to comply with an order from a police officer is reason to use deadly force . 
  there are so many examples of people being killed for stupid things like not keeping their hands on the steering wheel . 
  even in that horrific video , the one of a deaf man carrying a whittling knife being shot from 30 metres away because he did n't comply with the demands of the officer to drop the weapon , i saw americans defending the police 's right to use deadly force . 
  the prevalent attitude in the american police force is justified cowardice and a total disregard for the sanctity of human life . 
  they repeat mantras about having no choice to themselves enough that they believe them , but it 's absolute fucking bullshit . 
  the criminals are also dehumanised to the point where their lives are seen as less valuable than the officers . 
  except there are other countries where people carry guns , and their police can handle it . 
  also has americans love to point out , criminals can get guns in countries with gun restrictions anyway , yet american police live in this super paranoid state where simply getting out your car warrants shooting someone . 
  also there 's as many of us as the entire west coast of america , so stop acting like it 's so fucking unusual . 
  you do realise saying english is only offensive when it 's exclusionary ?
