  he is asian though . 
  you pc bro ? 
  no you used terms that make it obvious that you are a total douche, 
  i 'd do almost anything to get this programme back . 
  cancelled way before it should 've been . 
  without spoilers it suffices to say that it makes sense within the context of the programme . 
  it 's quite interesting really and ties in with american history . 
  if you go to the older parts of the us there 's lots of brick housing , as soon as you start out west wooden housing is the absolute normal , especially in the south where the need for insulation is minimal . 
  it filled the american need to own property at minimal cost , it was part of selling the idea of the american dream through the 20th century , with the idea that everyone could own somewhere , even if the lifespan of that house was less than 80 years . 
  omg i 've never been exposed to a certain manner of speaking because i do n't pay attention to anything outside my culture . 
  now i 'm unable to take that manner of speaking seriously , because i thought it was a joke people did for fantasy films . 
  well in that case i do n't take american accents seriously , they all sound like cowboys , i thought that accent was a joke . 
  they really do pick the nutters for the sas . 
  not people are unstable but people who have an pretty wild approach to life . 
  you can be an elite soldier and still unsuited to it from what i can see . 
  you have to be the kind of person who 'd relish the chance to live in the jungle for 3 months with nothing but a knife , a pair of pliers and some fishing line . 
  what makes them the best fighting force in the world if you ask me if the focus on survival and endurance . 
  you will not see many 6 foot 3 stacked guys in the sas . 
  there are lots of guys in that are like 5 foot 9 and skinny . 
  the training is all about as you describe it . 
  the idea is that they can be dumped in the middle of a hostile environment with minimal equipment and turn it to their advantage . 
  the idea being that in a war , while the regular armed forces were pushing in steadily taking hostile territory , they would be flown in covertly , dropped into a remote location and from there they would run disruption ops until they were either dead , captured , or the main forces succeeded in locating and extracting them . 
  you literally need to be an ultra marathon runner to have a chance in the sas . 
  you need to be able to run 20 miles a day , every day for a week while carrying a pack . 
  you also need to be able to build a fire in a damp rainforest with close to 100 % humidity , find food in a strange ecosystem you 've never been to before , and build a deadly trap with nothing but a spade , vines and pointy sticks . 
  what we actually see here is only a small part of the sas 's actual skill set , because this is simply storming a building in a counter terrorism capacity . 
  the sas obviously know a lot about this because part of the disruption they do behind enemy lines might involve storming and holding a tactical position . 
   it 's the reason the world is how it is, 
  that 's retarded . 
  the documentary literally documents how britain out bid the americans on weapons and military contracts . 
  if britain had n't done it then the us would 've . 
  post ww2 did see huge power vacuums and changes in mentality in the 3rd world that led to the rise of economic political power . 
  however stirling hardly caused this world , he was just one of the people who embraced it rather than trying to prevent it . 
  i 'm good thanks, 
  lol where are you getting these facts . 
  it 's well known that the west end is far superior to broadway , the singers are better , and the orchestras are far superior since they can take so many performers from mainland europe . 
  this is n't just my opinion , many many famous performers , even american performers have said this . 
  in the list of longest running musicals you wo n't find an american one until number 5 . 
  i mean for christ 's sake , les mis\u00e9rable , phantom of the opera , cats , starlight express , mamma mia , miss saigon , jesus christ superstar , billy elliot , the rocky horror show , olivier ! , evita , blood brothers, 
  these are names people think of when they think about musical theatre . 
  by comparison what does the us have ? 
  chicago , annie , grease , rent , the lion king , hairspray . 
  i literally would have to struggle to find another american musical that would be known to the ordinary public . 
  even stuff like my fair lady was based on a british story set in britain . 
  your national pride is wildly misplaced . 
  america ca n't even managed to be best in the world at english language musicals despite having 5 times the population of the next largest english speaking country . 
  the irony , when the few american musicals that actually even make it abroad are campy as hell . 
  news flash pal , many of those american musicals you 've noted are n't even known outside america by anyone apart from maybe some true musical fans , and this is reflected in the objective facts about sales , and length of runs . 
  what 's even more quaint and funny about your american view on this is that you think musicals are high art , and therefore feel justified in criticising other musicals for being `` vapid '' . 
  musicals are not high art , in europe we understand that these productions are for the masses . 
  we have more locally sourced high art than you so we do n't need to scrape the barrel by being pretentious about musical theatre . 
  i love how you do n't see any irony in calling lloyd webber 's output lowbrow but touting disney stuff as musicals ( most disney productions are n't really musicals , it 's musical cinema and completely different game ) . 
  it 's also ironic that you think my list of musicals goes back further than yours when your really dragging up the past with a few that you 've mentioned . 
  you are clearly just absolutely delusional . 
  there are some great american musicals but this notion at america is the best country for musicals is utterly absurd . 
  british orchestras do not struggle with anything , i 'd like to see your source for other than the delusions of new york snobs who will do anything to detract from london out of pure jealousy . 
  it 's no different from the crass monied american opera patrons who claim the new york met is better than anything preformed in europe . 
  i 'm afraid you 're full of shit pal , america can barely keep up with the uk despite having a bunch vaster population to pool talent from . 
  you seem to be basing your entire argument on your subjective opinion of what good musicals are , which probably happens to include all of stephen sondheim 's less popular stuff and none of lloyd webber 's world wide best selling stuff . 
  you 're entitled to your crazy personal opinions if you want , but do n't expect anyone to agree with you . 
  lol , you are just pathetic , a musicals connoisseur , it 's a walking contradiction . 
  it 's nothing like cheese and bread , since these would be by analogy respectable meaningful art forms . 
  no , this more like people in the uk not knowing that , according to a small minority of burger enthusiasts in the us , the pre-packaged cheese slices that go on burgers in the uk do n't taste as good as some of the the pre-packaged cheese slices sold in america , despite the company making the slices that britain eats also being the most popular in the usa . 
  in what is essentially a popular food that you do n't have to be a food critic to enjoy , what sells the most obviously tastes the best , and at the end of the day it 's fucking pre-packaged cheese slice , the best one in the world is still a pre-packaged cheese slice and nothing else . 
  it 's your logic that is absurd , it 's you , and you alone ( although there will always be a minority that will agree with any opinion no matter how absurd ) , who is saying that the popular european musicals suck . 
  your analogy does n't work i 'm afraid because everyone agrees that american cheese and bread sucks ( which is why nobody can export it ) , and barely anyone agrees with you that all of elton 's or lloyd-webber 's work sucks ( which is why they do so well on broadway ) . 
  i 'm afraid that the west end is superior to broadway in every way , and british musicals dominate the industry . 
  you are a weirdo with a taste contrary to public opinion and this is not an industry where public opinion can be wrong . 
  you 're just being ridiculous , it 's like saying that abba was bad pop music , it 's an actual contradiction , if it were bad pop music it would n't have been popular . 
  if i want to see something with artistic depth i 'll go to the opera or the regular theatre ( another performance industry in which the uk is light years ahead ) . 
  if i want to laugh at some campy show singers performing something light hearted i 'll go to see a musical . 
  starlight express or cats is the literal personification of what musical theatre is , that 's why they are some of the most successful musicals of all time , and that is why the uk is undoubtedly the natural home of the musical . 
  what some new york nationalistic musicals snobs think about it is completely irrelevant . 
  edit : i love how you keep saying the orchestras fall apart on the overtures , i 'd like to know your musical credentials that allow you to make these calls , i 'm pretty sure you 'd struggle to play `` mary had a little lamb '' on any instrument . 
  the musicians playing in the west end are world class , i 'd really like to know how they performed to thousands of audiences if they `` fall apart '' on every overture . 
  you are literally cognitively impaired . 
  edit2 : stephen sondheim himself is on record as saying that the west end is better . 
  do you really need more proof than that ? 
  ... and i 'm the duke of buckinghamshire . 
  let 's see your biography then ? 
  surely someone as important as you will have that online . 
  also i 'm sorry that you do n't like to hear that the medium you 've dedicated your life to is n't taken seriously by most but well that 's reality . 
  i guess that 's what musicals are for right ? 
  to provide work for all the hacks who could n't make it in real art . 
  i mean in reality we have a very hard time knowing what a language that old would actually sound like . 
  with rhymes we can often tell which sound rhymed with which , so we know how the language fit together but judging what sounds were actually used in those positions can be very tough . 
  there are ways to guess based on linguistics but we 'll never be totally sure . 
  [ here 's something for you ] ( http://www.thetimes.co.uk/tto/arts/stage/theatre/article4380358.ece ) . 
  i 'll trust the most renown name in american musicals over you. , tyvm , 
  why would you bless only my heart . 
  another thing americans got wrong . 
  i 'm sorry if you 're a bit hurt but hey , i 'm just saying the facts while just spreading some douchey opinion around as if it were fact . 
  come to london some time , see a musical and be in awe of our artistic superiority . 
  after that you wo n't be able to go back to your corny shrill voiced nasally yank performers and will probably be applying for a residency card the next day !, 
  in the uk q-tips do n't go by that name . 
  in fact we call them cotton wool buds , using a brand name is crass !, 
  no the question was what 's wrong , not what 's right with them . 
  lol , the one card barely anyone takes outside of america . 
  down you go, 
  oh and what would that point be great master of understanding the deep philosophical musing of south park .
