  i said you seem to have a bee in your bonnet about alcohol because you appear to be interpreting the availability of alcohol in cinemas as a bad thing , when i was saying it was a good thing . 
  honestly you 're totally misinterpreted what people are trying to say all throughout this thread . 
  great transcript . 
  however he 's not saying `` i 'd fucking love a steak me '' , he 's saying `` i fucking love a steak me '' , it 's present tense iterative aspect . 
  it means the same as `` i love to eat a steak now and then '' not `` i would like to eat a steak right now '' . 
  why is it fucking dumb ? 
  corn does not refer to specific plant . 
  it means the same as grain . 
  can you not understand basic english or something ? 
  how the fuck is that relevant to anything i 've just said ? 
  go home you 're drunk . 
  lay off the drugs mate . 
  let me attempt one last time to explain this . 
  at no point in this thread have i said that popcorn is an american invention . 
  nothing i have said in this thread indicates that i think that . 
  i do not think popcorn is an american invention . 
  i know that popcorn has been around for thousands of years . 
  now please go back and read everything i 've said with that in mind . 
  my point is that you must be on drugs because you think i am saying things that i 'm not . 
  sort yourself out pal . 
  you 're arguing against arguments that are n't there . 
  i was agreeing with you the whole time . 
  no i had totally separate points nullskull . 
  it is possible to get buttered popcorn in europe , therefore reinforcing the stupidity of the guy who made the tifu thread . 
  the word `` popcorn '' is kind of american national arrogance itself , because the word `` corn '' means different things in different countries . 
  the word `` corn '' is only used to talk about the plant you make `` popcorn '' from ( maize ) in north america . 
  it might not be possible to buy buttered popcorn in most european cinemas but it is possible to buy alcohol . 
  likewise it may be possible to buy buttered popcorn in most american cinemas but it is n't possible to buy alcohol . 
  alcohol is better than buttered popcorn . 
  if i were as ignorant as a nationalistic american i could bitch about being unable to drink beer in the cinema . 
  one of the posters said that maize ( the stuff you make popcorn out of ) looks like wheat , which i think is stupid because it does n't look like it . 
  those were my entirely separate points , none of which were to do with whether or not america invented popcorn . 
  i was merely contributing to the thread . 
  at no point was i suggesting that popcorn the food were an american invention . 
  however you 've embarrassed yourself by failing to understand this and ranting about nonsense . 
  i agree . 
  i just do n't get what he thinks i 'm saying but i 'm done explaining . 
  not in the uk . 
  it 's been 18 for some time now . 
  for some reason i was expecting an exercise subreddit . 
  not / r/girlsinyogapants but dudes . 
  clearly taking steroids and being an olympic athlete is super easy , it 's not like they test for that shit . 
  praise be to his calcified goodness !, 
  thanks mr. skeltal, 
  it 's confirmed . 
  haha , a spice so strong you can inject a diluted form of it into your body to ensure you will never have sensation there ever again . 
  so 00:00:00 01/01/1990 then ? 
  and that 's how i met your mother ... 
  i was just a kid in the 90s , and i hate all that 90s kids will remember this bullshit and glamorising the past . 
  especially since it mostly comes from kids born in the mid to late 90s who consequentially do n't remember a fucking thing about that decade . 
  however i must say i 'm kind of disappointed that i was n't around in any meaningful sense in the 90s , i was born in the 80s i became a teenager in 1999 , so i really was born just at the wrong time for that whole generation of culture . 
  however i do have a theory about how culture has changed which goes beyond all that bullshit about good bands and music and stuff and if anyone is willing to entertain me i 'll do my best to explain it . 
  essentially as the internet has become more prevalent in society it 's kind of heralded the death of the youth subculture , maybe not entire but at least the death of subculture in the same sense as it held in the past . 
  sure we have youth subcultures these days , but they can not hold the same significance as they did before the internet became ubiquitous . 
  yes i know the internet was around for most of the 90s , there were those halcyon days of usenet and web 1.0 , however it did n't compare to the way we see the internet now . 
  when i was young the internet was just a thing you used to help you with your homework . 
  it was gaudy and slow . 
  if you were a tech person then maybe it was different and you were there are the frontier of irc and communities , but the majority were n't . 
  i remember how people spoke about techy types in those days and it really was a social pariah . 
  later , in my teens it was a place to use msn messenger to talk to friends during the long school night evenings of those awkward early years before you 're fully independent , it was a source of incredibly slowly downloading porn and music on things like napster and kazza , and occasionally it was a place to play online games in a very inconvenient way . 
  i think the first time i played online was playing red alert 2 around 2000 . 
  yes i know people were doing it way before that , some of the nerdier kids at school had been making networks to play games like doom and quake over the network well before that , but online play was n't the norm at the time , people were more into their living room multiplayer on n64 or ps2 . 
  anyway , back before you just assumed that everything you wanted to know was online , youth subculture held some kind of special indefinable power . 
  those clothes you wore that marked you as belonging to some sect really made you stand out . 
  it signified a belonging to something . 
  something that could n't be accessed by anyone , defined , bought and sold ( or at least seemed that way but that 's an entirely different question ) . 
  the right search engine keywords would n't reveal all the secrets , it would n't tell you where the interesting spots were or the inner workings of a group . 
  sure there was mtv and other youth orientated media that tried to cater to these demographics , but to belong to it was more than just what could be learnt through obsessively watching television or reading mainstream magazines . 
  you had to go to independent record stores and the spots where people hung out , you had to befriend people on the inside who 'd pass that information on . 
  being on the edge of that was daunting , being a teenagers looking on through green eyes at that sense of belong some people had in various subcultures and wishing you had the means to obtain it . 
  the only way being through getting to know people , becoming part of the in-crowd . 
  by the time i was starting university in 2004/2005 things had really started to change . 
  this was the rise of what some called web 2.0 . 
  social media did a lot for the internet 's image and the way people perceived its function and usage . 
  now before this time i 'd started being part of online communities , and i can say with a fact that almost all of my friends would 've seen me as weird for doing this before this time . 
  this is when the internet went from being just a tool for most ordinary people , something they reluctantly utilised because of its utility , to becoming something they happily integrated with their lives and embraced . 
  after this point information became abundant . 
  i do n't mean the kind of information society widely regards as useful like encyclopaedias and news . 
  i mean the kind of information that was once only accessible through social interaction with people who were on the inside of various offline subcultures and stuff . 
  there was no keeping the lid on rising cool spots and hang outs any more , new bands were just a search term away . 
  sure web 1.0 had eroded these secrets , but web 2.0 killed them . 
  now the point is that there was a mystique to those days before the internet and even the times when the internet was still in its infancy . 
  it was all very word of mouth , tell your friends but do n't tell everyone type of stuff . 
  there was a sense of being part of something exclusive , something cutting edge that any tom dick and harry could n't just assimilate . 
  that make it feel like something special , unique , something you could n't replicate . 
  my basis is for this how i felt things changed between the day i became a teenager in 1999 and now , most the time between when then and when i became an adult . 
  i do n't see people identifying each other through their clothing other signifiers to the same degree any more . 
  when i hear about a new up and coming band i do n't feel privileged any more . 
  in fact the whole notion of this kind of subcultural elitism feels dated and cringeworthy . 
  why should anyone give a fuck which bands you 're into or which fashions you follow . 
  but i think the real reason for this is actually to do with the way we interact these days . 
  the freedom of opinion and information on internet has brought us has destroyed the very mechanism that once defined youth culture . 
  now like i said i do n't glamorise the past in some trite and misguided fashion , but i do have a kind of sad regret that i never got to experience more of that youth culture , the feelings of being on the cutting edge of cultural progress that can not exist in this time . 
  tl ; dr internet changed the way youth culture works, 
  it means it repeats . 
  as in reiterate ? 
  he does n't mean he wants a steak now , he means he likes to eat steak . 
  some people might just say `` i love steak '' , and thinks to say `` i love a steak '' means , `` i 'm in love with a steak '' . 
  but it 's common in english to form the iterative aspect this way too . 
  he 's not dropping the 'd of i 'd , he saying how much he loves steak .
