  just do n't be a fool and take something someone you do n't know has offered you . 
  there 's always a catch , when the product is in your hands and your out in public rather than in a shop , the onus is on you to buy it or you seem like you 're wasting their time . 
  market traders use this kind of tactic all the time , as soon as something catches you 're eye they 're going to put attention on you so you want to buy it . 
  the time you really want to worry is when you get multiple people / children all with roses crowding you as you walk down the street , as in this situation the roses are just a distraction for someone to pick your pockets . 
  this does n't belong here . 
  this subreddit are for things that actually happened . 
  this common gypsy scam that 's all over europe could never have happened . 
  no $ 100 , no albert einstein . 
  these are n't chuggers , they 're just scammers . 
  it 's not bad in the slightest . 
  imo as a continent it 's vastly safer and more pleasant than any other continent imo , at least in the richer countries . 
  certainly nowhere i 've been in the world remotely compares . 
  especially when it comes to a consistent quality of life . 
  although i can imagine places like canada being the same . 
  the average large size western european city is generally far safer than a similar sized us city , the `` bad areas '' still have relatively low crime from a global perspective , public transport links , shopkeepers who do n't have to hide behind bullet proof glass . 
  you might not want to go walking through them alone at night but there 's almost never anywhere like us ghettos where people with no business there simply never go there . 
  why do n't you get scams like this in the us ? 
  well you do n't generally have the street culture for a start , and people have a different mentality . 
  scammers use whatever works best . 
  in the us you get like scams like homeless pretending to be military vets , whereas in europe this would n't be very effective . 
  also i 've noticed us panhandlers tend to be much more in favour of the sob story , they will tell you how they were once successful and lost it all to a tragic event that resulted in alcoholism or drug addiction , but they 're now clean and just need a few dollars to help them get back on their feet . 
  it 's real `` american dream '' material . 
  or they might tell you how they were bankrupted by medical bills , or how they are still sick and need money to pay a doctor . 
  none of that really works in europe because the assumption is that the state provides for people in these situations , nobody is remotely interested in your justifications for your situation . 
  americans eat that shit up though , and anecdotally it seems to me that panhandlers in the us can make some serious bank playing off the sympathy of their fellow citizens , people will happily throw a $ 10 note in a homeless guy 's cup , whereas in europe they get 50 cent dropped on them without eye contact . 
  maybe it 's the tipping culture encouraging people to want to appear generous and wealthy , or maybe it 's the old school small government philosophy telling people that since the poor are n't the burden of the state to they same degree they , the ones with money , have greater obligation to be charitable . 
  things like the rose scam and the deaf scam probably would n't work as well in the us because the people are more comfortable with confrontation . 
  hell , it would n't even work in europe outside of certain bustling cities full of visitors , as the locals would quickly get used to them and tell them to fuck off . 
  the american wants that panhandler to really earn that dollar , the european just wants him to leave him alone . 
  also the image more americans have of europe is probably vastly skewed by the tourism angle , as americans tend to hit up the big tourist hubs when they come to europe as it 's not something they can do every year , for many it might be one of only a few trips abroad they 'll ever make , or even the only trip to europe in their lifetime . 
  so they go big and try to hit up the real famous places , madrid , paris , rome , berlin , london etc. 
  honestly these places are all geared up to rob the money of those that do n't know the city , either legally with extortionate prices , or with scams like this . 
  it 's like basing your opinion of a place on the shit that goes on in central park , time square , the las vegas strip , or hollywood boulevard . 
  trust me , when it comes to europe , tourists are just seen as money pinatas , and americans are the biggest and fattest pinatas of the lot . 
  is this an americanism or something ? 
  i 've never heard `` close out of '' in my life . 
  seems like way too many prepositions , like when americans say `` get off of him '' instead of just `` get off him '' . 
  of course they will hand it to you . 
  if you 're sitting at a restaurant or drinking outside a bar they just walk over , extend the rose out in your face and look at you like they expect you to take it . 
  the trick is not to be a dumby and actually do so . 
  honestly this sounds like a good basis for a black mirror episode . 
  what with reality tv and how it 's blurred the line between fiction or reality . 
  female lead character is a reality tv star , but people start hating her and failing to differentiate between her character and her real self . 
  she looks so different in that picture . 
  she 'll always be candice from fresh meat to me . 
  while this is definitive from a evidential point of view using references in the episodes . 
  i think the references are just thrown in ad hoc as a sort of tongue in cheek nod to the other episodes , something for fans to notice and get excited about . 
  they 're not indicative of a real consistent time line . 
  the time line you 've got has lots of inconsistencies when it comes to the technology of the future world . 
  i 'd say from a sci fi point of view you 'd be better looking at it like this . 
  present day ( now until 2020 ), 
  the national anthem ( first point at which the black mirror timeline line diverges from our own ), 
  shut up and dance ( set just a few months in the future ), 
  near future ( 2020-2030 ), 
  playtest . 
  imo playtest is the earliest in this time period because the characters seem to find the concept of augmented reality very novel . 
  there are also seems to be minimal tech that we would n't expect today . 
  i think this was one of the earlier experiments with the ar technology before anything like z-eyes , r-eyes , grains , or even mass were public knowledge . 
  even by the time white bear obviously there 's nothing like that because people are still using phone cameras . 
  hated in the nation / be right back . 
  come next because the technology is a bit more off the wall . 
  be right back is a somewhat hard to place episode because while the technology needed to `` grow '' an ersatz human would be insane , they 're still using smart phones and twitter . 
  they do n't seem to have any optical or neural implants . 
  hated in the nation alludes to the usage of nanotechnology , so that could be the newest areas technology is making strides in . 
  waldo moment . 
  comes next in this time period because imo this event leads of greater social change from the present day . 
  it 's hard to say exactly when it happens because the technology shown in this episode is n't as impressive as that of hated in the nation / be right back . 
  but imo , this event must happen after the previous two because society still seems be maintaining at least the illusion of sanity in all the previous episodes . 
  white bear . 
  fits the society post-waldo better than it does prior to it . 
  society is losing its moral compass , the pretence of high ethical standards no longer exists . 
  people are very judgemental and openly revel in hatred and twisted justice . 
  still in the smart phone era . 
  men against fire - optical augmented reality is now effective but only available to governments and big corporations , the public only know about it vaguely but do n't have experience with it . 
  since the waldo moment happened political populism and the privatisation of society have become rife . 
  the stupid hate filled public we saw in previous episodes has been easy to manipulate . 
  this has allowed ideas about eugenics and population growth to become acceptable , leading to public hate against `` roaches '' who are actually illegal immigrants and those deemed genetically inferior . 
  further future ( 2030-2040 ), 
  nosedive - the purely optical side of the technology that was developed through mass is now wide spread in society . 
  social media has been employed as a social mechanism for control alongside money . 
  society is radically shifting towards the privatisation of all elements of society . 
  however , self driving cars are not yet the norm , just as they were n't in hated in the nation . 
  i 'm assuming the technology has existed for a long time it 's just taking the public a long time to trust them . 
  entire history of you - the privatisation element is even more apparent in episode when you see how rarefied the way the characters live are in this , gated houses etc. 
  the optical implants of nosedive are now being supplemented with a grain that can record any events you see , the technology is now so ubiquitous that people who do n't agree to it are considered strange and weird . 
  self driving cars are also the norm during this period . 
  white christmas - obviously the events of this episode happen at different times , but i think even at the point where the main guy 's girlfriend gets pregnant it must be further in the future than entire history of you , albeit not much further , since the grain technology must now be mandatory for everyone , since there is no way to remove the block . 
  now that everyone has the grain society can use it as a means of control . 
  also the cookie technology is seems quite novel and expensive at the time . 
  even further future ( 2040-60 ), 
  san junipero - cookies are now so effective and common that people are happy digitally uploading their consciousness to the cloud when they are about to die . 
  they 're able to simulate the real world word to the point where it ca n't really be distinguished from reality . 
  the real world looks very different . 
  far future ( 2060 - ??? ), 
  15 million merits - the world has blown itself up and retreated into a self contained underground society that it only able to power itself through human exercise . 
  all other needs ( except the cleaning which is more of a punishment ) are automated and taken care of by robots . 
  there is no longer the need or the resources to give everyone optical implants or grains since the whole environment is controlled anyway . 
  the alternative explanation is that 15 million merits is actually a `` hits farm '' , throw a few thousand cookies into a simulation , force them to do something tedious and unpleasant ( either exercising all day or being hated as a yellow ) , then make their only option to escape their existence having to produce something of creative merit . 
  however , even if we take this interpretation it only really makes sense to place it at earliest in the further future period , because it 's only then that cookie technology seems to be taking off . 
  anyway , i do n't know why i 'm making this argument because i do n't actually think there 's meant to be a real `` timeline '' there anyway .
