  the naivety and unworldliness of us tourists in europe for the first time treating their trip as if it were and expedition to a foreign planet is cute in small doses , but will quickly have hospitality workers tearing their hair out . 
  well he 's taking a strong opinion regarding indian/pakistani/chinese territorial disputes , so it stands to reason . 
  but i did n't even say he was indian , and regardless of whether he 's indian the point still stands , as he 's clearly an india supporter in this matter , and he 's hardly doing them any favours by calling all pakistanis and chinese cunts is he . 
  i 'm good thanks , just had to work in places with large numbers of us tourists . 
  sorry if it hurts your feels to know you 're not universally loved in every respect . 
  the guy i responded to painting an unrealistic and rose-tinted image of american tourists . 
  just because someone has the money to leave the us does not make them a dedicated traveller or explorer . 
  it just makes them richer than your typical `` booze holiday '' traveller . 
  there are plenty of rich americans who go abroad and act obnoxiously , whether intentionally or not . 
  often it simply comes down to different cultural expectations . 
  americans are not the worst nor the best tourists . 
  do n't think that means they 're the best travellers ever , they have a reputation for a reason . 
  it was n't an entirely serious statement , just a pop at the british for leaving . 
  i doubt anyone really thinks english is going to lose its importance globally . 
  her bad accent is really funny . 
  words like `` is '' all end in a soft - s like in snake , it 's really off putting . 
  fear you , fear me , for everyone ? 
  the problem of big data is something that sadly most people do n't understand . 
  people are generally cool with anonymous data collection and in many reasons you can see why , but this is a danger to it that people are really aware of yet . 
  the reality is that these days we can use that data to test various premises that yields massive insight into people behaviour . 
  a modern election is a perfect example of how this type of information is game changing . 
  the reality is that in the past politics was more about making correction decisions based on your own judgement . 
  these days it 's entirely a process of data analysis aimed at testing premises to derive the most probable result of popular opinion . 
  even stuff like reddit is being logged categorised and quantified in the hope of finding a trend or idea that can be used to predict the effect on public opinion of any one course of action . 
  it pushes politics further into am empirical approach that forsakes reason . 
  big data can be both good and bad , it 's a powerful tool , but you underestimate how it can be used for suspect reasons . 
  surveillance i do n't worry about too much though because a lot of the fear comes from naively thinking that all cctv cameras are somehow linked into one another . 
  in reality , most cctv footage is just deleted as it 's being recorded for security reasons . 
  police cameras are obviously more worrying , but if it 's somewhere very public like a town centre whatever i 'm not bothered . 
  i 've seen fights kick off in the high street and frankly i 'd rather have police cameras there than not . 
  i had n't realised people were so ornithological . 
  the section where you have to go through an underwater gate and swim up with the raised water level was just a bit of an oversight by the devs . 
  games at the time were less sophisticated and many gamers instincts told them that going in there would be a bad idea as they 'd get stuck when the timed gated closed ( bugs like this were common in games back then ) . 
  in later versions of ocarina there were visual clues added that made it obvious . 
  part of the fun of the water temple was the fact it was heavily non-linear , which meant you had to really keep track of where in the dungeon you 'd explored , and the the level water level raising gimmick meaning you 'd have to revisit areas you 'd already explored to reach certain areas . 
  the problem was that players who missed this would become convinced they 'd missed something in one of the other areas , because they 'd lack a key needed to progress to the mini-boss . 
  going around and around the temple looking for something you 'd missed was very frustrating and could take hours as you repeatedly retraced your steps only to find out it was something as silly swimming up behind a gated enclosure . 
  coventry is pound land birmingham . 
  it 's tesco value birmingham . 
  lol big boy philosophers of language ? 
  who are the small boy philosophers of language ? 
  depends on the time of day :d, 
  actually it implies it 's in the past . 
  or at least , it suggests that the opportunity to study to tonight is in the past . 
  english is actually split into past / non-past when it comes to conditional statements . 
  if i eat this cake ( now ) , i will get fat . 
  if i eat this cake ( tomorrow ) , i will get fat . 
  if i ate this cake ( now ) , i would get fat . 
  if i ate this cake ( tomorrow ) , i would get fat . 
  if i had eaten this cake ( in the past ) , i would 've got fat ( in the past ) . 
  the first 4 are non-past , the last is past . 
   it 's a dangling participle . 
  no , it 's not . 
   very and vary are pronounced the same way, 
  no they are not . 
  that 's a product of your american accent i would guess . 
  you obviously have the mary-merry-marry merger . 
  vary actually has a diphthong while very does n't . 
  most people who pronounce the american style / pirate style - r do n't distinguish these sounds though , as they occur before post-vocalic - r. 
  well in non-american dialects that the - r would simply alter the vowel and would n't use that frog like sound americans love in words like `` her , burr , fur '' etc. 
  foreign speakers tend to struggle with this american - r sound , as well as with the - th sound , and this word has both . 
   this is the product of the name being of foreign origin to english speakers too, 
  not really . 
  the reality is that when a name has been in use for many hundreds if not thousands of years then the pronunciation tends to drift a bit . 
  whereas spelling tends to be more fixed . 
  most towns in the uk are n't pronounced by the same rules you 'd apply to regular words , and it does n't make a difference if their origin is roman , old english ( saxon ) , norman etc. 
  they 're all just drifted . 
  nothing foreign about them though as those cultures are what makes up the british people . 
  or you just do n't know them is a far more probable explanation . 
  english has more words than any other language by a country mile . 
  a more reasonably explanation might be :, 
  german has 5 ways of saying everything , and speakers insist on using all of them . 
  english has 50 ways of saying everything , and speakers are happy mostly just using 2 of them . 
  yeah , you obviously think way too highly of your english abilities if you 're having that problem . 
  let 's look at the big book of german synonyms on my desk . 
  to fight :, 
  k\u00e4mpfen - to fight with great effort ( to fight , to combat ), 
  ank\u00e4mpfen - to fight against something that threatens us . 
  ( to fight against , to oppose , to resist ), 
  bek\u00e4mpfen - to fight something you want to kill . 
  ( to engage in combat , to battle , to oppose ), 
  fechten - to fence, 
  sich schlagen - to physically fight ( to scrap , to get into a punch up ), 
  sich hauen - to briefly fight ', 
  sich balgen - to fight playfully ( to scrap , to scuffle ), 
  streiten - to fight by means of argument ( to argue , to quarrel , to squabble ), 
  now in english , to fight :, 
  attack battle challenge clash meet protect resist altercate assault bicker box brawl buck contend dispute duel feud grapple joust oppugn quarrel repel scrap scuffle skirmish spar strive struggle tiff tilt traverse tug tussle war withstand wrangle wrestle, 
  argue combat engage in force maintain oppose resist support bicker buck conduct contest defy dispute effect endure further hassle persevere persist prosecute repel row squabble strive struggle travail traverse uphold wage withstand wrangle, 
  this is only just scratching the surface of the language . 
  the reality is that while you 're just trying to pair english concepts to german concepts you 're going to be limited in your range of expression as you 're really just translating what you want to say in german to english . 
  there is a tendency in german to look down on english as simplistic or imprecise . 
  historically it was said that english lacked the capacity to describe higher order concepts , but it 's really just a sign of most germans failure to ever truly grasp the language in anything more than a superficial sense . 
  a big difference is that while german tends to modify words to give them slightly different senses e.g aufregen erregen anregen , english is more deeply metaphorical and will use whichever concept is best at hand for the job e.g excite , arouse , incite , stimulate , stir , work up , enliven etc. 
  the deep understanding of english 's concepts and how they can be used with one another eludes even advanced foreign speakers , and arguably is the more complicated model compared to german 's relatively unambiguous conceptual tools . 
  english does n't prescribe hard rules to words to govern their usage , it relies on the speakers conceptual grasp of the language and familiarity with common phrases , german by comparison is the simpler and easier to learn language in this regard . 
  edit : some more examples all roughly meaning change, 
  \u00e4ndern - to change , to alter, 
  ver\u00e4ndern - to change , to shift , to metamorphise, 
  ab\u00e4ndern - to alter , to amend , to modify,
