  it 's a good website/app . 
  it 's reasonably fun to use and it does teach you the language . 
  how well does it teach you ? 
  well i think the app is ideal for getting you between a1 .2 up to about b1 .1 . 
  this scale is based on the commonly used fluency level measurements a1 and a2 are beginner , b1 and b2 are intermediate , c1 and c2 are proficient ( which is basically a way of saying reasonable fluency to the point of being able to handle anything an ordinary native speaker would be expected to ) . 
  duolingo , due to its nature , is n't that great when you 're starting from scratch in my opinion . 
  this is because of the way it works , basically just throwing you in there and having you learn through actually using the language . 
  when you 're absolutely just starting off in a language , it 's probably best to read a grammar book written in your native language that explains how the language works without really expecting you to have an understanding the language you 're preparing to learn . 
  at this point you just need to gain an abstract understanding of what the language you 're intending to learn is like , and get the very basics of the grammar . 
  even if you ca n't use and completely understand what the grammar book tells you , it really helps to get a rough idea of how it 's going to work . 
  after you 've got this basic understanding and a few words to practise with , then duolingo is ideal , but you 'll get opportunity to try to use those things you 've got an idea of . 
  this is great because all the stuff that you read about but did n't 100 % grasp or memorise you 'll then be able to experiment with and refine your idea of what those more abstract rules mean . 
  once you 've finished the duolingo course you 'll understand far more about how the language really works in a detailed sense , and really be able to start out trying to command the language . 
  if you then go to a country where the language you 're learning is used , you 'll be able to get onto the first rung , you 'll be able to have interaction with people in shops for example , you 'll be able to make statements of simple to medium complexity . 
  not just stuff like `` where is the train station ? '', 
  but also stuff like `` i like your t-shirt because the colours look so bright and it matches you shoes '' and `` when i was younger i visited this country with my parents , but this is the first time that i 've returned '' and so on . 
  that said , it definitely helps to supplement the duolingo course with other means of learning , listening to the radio stations of that country , watching films with subtitles , using youtube videos to learn , trying to read children 's books , and building a vocabulary list and testing yourself whenever you have the time . 
  i 'd recommend duolingo to anyone who was planning on spending an extended amount of time in a foreign country where the people do n't speak your own language natively . 
  i think if you can finish the course before you go there you 'll be prepared to then start using it in a way far more effectively than the average tourist or the person who studied a bit in school but has forgotten most of it . 
  will it take you from a beginner to totally fluent ? 
  no , due to the way duolingo works , i do n't think it could ever be comprehensive enough to get someone to total fluency , that 's simple impossible to achieve without either immersion or many years of tuition and practice with native and fluent speakers who live in your own country . 
  as it stands , i personally think duolingo does n't even go as deep as it possibly could , grammar in any language certainly gets more complicated than duolingo offers . 
  most of the translation phrases in the product have only two clauses . 
  even tabloid rags and celebrity fashion magazines utilise more complicated language than that . 
  nor will duolingo teach you enough words to really be able to pick up the average piece of literature written in a foreign language . 
  once you really start getting into the intermediate stage then you 'll find duolingo wo n't teach you much . 
  however , it can still be useful as a tool for testing your memory and refreshing certain vocabulary . 
  i , personally , no longer use duolingo all the time , since i 've been actually speaking the language for a while , but occasionally go back to it and most of the time find it reminds me of some word i have n't been using or whatnot . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  all i 'm saying is the few hk nationals i 've spoken have said they preferred it with britain than china . 
  circumstantial evidence of course , and obviously subject to selection bias , but i 'm not claiming it is n't . 
  actually no , the hkers that i 've asked about this all live in either germany or sweden . 
  no , sunderland was expected leave , but it got more than what was expected , newcastle was expected to remain , but it was closer than expected . 
  this is a fucking disaster . 
  now we all get to wake up with a bunch less money than we thought we did . 
  and we can all rest safe in the fact that this will lead to the end of the united kingdom as scotland leaves us . 
  sad thing is that this is what it 's really come down to . 
  cameron 's stupid fucking power play to avoid a hung parliament in the last election . 
  i bet he thought he was being really clever doing that because `` the country is n't actually stupid enough to leave the eu , right ? 
  '' , boy was he wrong . 
  the pound is still in the toilet though . 
  the market was trying to stabilise at about $ 1.37 to the # , but it 's dropped through the support again . 
  the direction is currently down , the banks are trying to figure out where the major support boundaries are , support boundaries are created where traders come in to buy sterling believing that the general trend will be up . 
  it 's going to fluctuate a lot for a while down , but we wo n't see the value anywhere near where it was until the politicians have eased concerns and we have an idea of what kind of deal the uk is going to get in regard trade . 
  meh , i think the kind of low risk investment portfolio a typical pension fund will have is hardly going to beat the currently sterling drop . 
  if they 'd been smart they would have shorted the pound on a x50 margin and become millionaires :p, 
  what about the 48.1 % of us who appreciated the eu . 
  this is n't going to be good for the eu one bit . 
  well it was last night for me . 
  i think what made the difference was the disenfranchised labour voters in places like the north east . 
  i stand by what i said , i think people with sufficient finances for the economic ramifications to worry them did vote to remain . 
  what the gov underestimated was the white poor working classes and the people living on government pensions . 
  i think they naively assume that amongst the poor the split was about 50/50 , when in reality it was more heavily biased towards leave . 
  ultimately , this is a working class revolt , and we see now people even saying that they are more concerned now , even though they voted leave , because they never thought a leave vote would actually pass and that their voting leave was just a way to voice their dissatisfaction . 
  this is depressing :( we should have federalised !, 
  - soon no longer to be eu citizen, 
  the really rich will have diversified investment portfolios and financial managers who will have done everything to protect them against risk , putting their money into other currencies and shares in companies who do n't have a significant stake in the uk economy . 
  the really rich probably made money on the pound collapsing rather than lost it . 
  the people who lose money are people who are rich people with a stake in the uk economy that they ca n't simply move somewhere else , and the ordinary folk who do n't have enough money to worry about that shit . 
  you say that . 
  but i ca n't help blame cameron for this , cameron 's strategy has been to use referendums to further his own political career . 
  if he had n't offered the referendum , the tories would still most likely be in power , it would simply a hung parliament . 
  cameron saw that his own parties majority support was being eaten away by votes going to ukip , and thought he could ensure a majority by offering the ukiper what they wanted , bringing them back to their historical place as tory voters . 
  he did this , confident in the belief that the uk would not leave the eu , he did it to shut up a minority voice within his party and to win the general election . 
  now it 's backfired spectacularly . 
  imho he 's an arse that was happy to gamble with our nation 's future just to get more political power . 
   people watching area 's that were mainly white british and mostly safe to loads of migrants with crime going through the roof ( in comparison ) people do n't know what to do, 
  the irony being that this is something that 's only happening in people 's heads . 
  crime is on the decline in the uk . 
  of what crime there is , the majority is perpetrated by british nationals , both the white working classes and those generations of immigrants that came to the uk long before freedom of movement was a thing ( west indian , pakistani , indian etc. ), 
   they feel their identity as a person and as a country is disappearing . 
  people feel these things because the narrative appeals to them a primal psychological level . 
  it can nice to envision oneself as beset on all sides by dangerous interlopers tolerated by a corrupt government who does n't care of the little guy , you and your friends an island of steadfast decency in a world gone wrong . 
  does n't mean it 's true though , the country , and the world , is always changing , people born in the 1800s were probably shocked when black people when black people and indians were first allowed to come to the country as workers in the 1950s and 60s , assuming they managed to live that long , and may well have felt the same . 
   amongst the english nationalist circles the main focus of talk is islam and the problems of the middle east , people in these circles understand that eventually muslims will out breed the white europeans and they do n't want that . 
  these people need some lessons in statistics , just because one demographic breeds faster does in no way entail that they will eventually `` breed them out '' . 
  people said similar things about catholic populations in the uk in the past . 
   they see the rise of isis and the vast amount of people flocking to them and the vast amount of muslims in places like london , along with the pakistani grooming gangs as proof of the matter . 
  this is just sad . 
  when whites get caught noncing we do n't get up in arms about `` british grooming gangs '' , and when american white right wing extremists commit violence we do n't start worrying that every american living in britain or american tourist might be a loon . 
  lol , i was talking to an american friend recently , we agreed that britons have lost the right to call the american public stupid up until the point they elect trump , at which point brits win back their right and the us wins the stupidity title back . 
  imagine if sansa united the vale , the north , and the riverlands into one kick ass country , then when and kicked lannister ass . 
  dany then arrives at king 's landing and sansa is sitting on the iron throne with jon at her side . 
  seems incredibly unlike but pretty bad ass imho . 
  for now i 'm just waiting to see what will happen . 
  i think we need to fight to retain freedom of movement . 
  everything is so up in the air right now , and public opinion is already changed to some degree , i 've already heard backtracking coming out to ukip , on the economy , on the nhs , and now on immigration . 
  the ideal outcome would be if we retained freedom of movement of workers as a member of the common market . 
  cameron said that he would take us out of the common market , but cameron is now resigning . 
  i know this would not go down well with the leave crowd . 
  currently i think the politicians are trying to gauge how public opinion is going , if regretix really becomes a thing it could impact what happens next . 
  i 'm not naive enough to have any real faith in the idea that it might not happen , but how it happens is still up for grabs . 
  it 's going to be incredibly interesting to see what kind of moves we see on the london open on monday , and then through the coming week . 
  if the economic impact looks bad , i think there 's a chance the wind could change regards public opinion . 
  i would really hope to see a deal where economic fears were laid to rest by deciding to stay in the eea , in a deal where the uk continued to trade with the eu , and accept the right of workers to live there , in return for greater freedom over its own laws . 
  something like this would definitely be popular with business and the majority of politicians , not forgetting almost half the electorate that voted remain . 
  that said , that 's just an ideal outcome , the problems i see with this though is :, 
  1 ) the eu - there is n't that much reason for them to give a good deal . 
  that said , they are still subject to pressure from business and finance themselves though , and in many ways their financial success is tied to britain as it stands . 
  weakness in the eu will damage their economies just as it has hurt britain 's , only to a lesser degree .
