  i recommend you read them in order , or they wo n't make much sense . 
  all the other dune works are derivative , made by other authors , one of which was the author 's son . 
  it 's up to you whether you read those , opinion is split on their worth . 
  funny how 10 % is considered to be a decent tip in most of the world , however for you it 's a bad service tip . 
  it 's interesting , but a story about time travel will always result in a paradox , what kind of paradox depends on what time travel model you use , but there 's always a paradox nonetheless . 
  if you just a block universe theory , with a single time line you end have to do it one way , essentially enforcing the idea that whatever happened with your character in the past to have already have happened in the earlier section of the story , meaning that everything that happened during the narrative was fixed . 
  this results in a paradox because it means that the future person 's existence depends on the past person , and that the past person 's existence depends on the future person , which totally messes with the arrow of causality . 
  however , if you go for the type of time travel where the outcome of the future can be affected by the person when they travel back in time i.e once the person arrives in the past there 's no guarantee that things will turn out has they remember them from the future , you end up with another paradox , because if the future at will now occur is different , then it 's impossible that that exact version of the person would have come to exist , so how come that person exists in the past . 
  this at least means a kind of multiverse theory , and a sort of co-dependence of two separate universes , one which creates that character that travels back in time , and the one where he arrives when he gets to the past . 
  this means a sideways causality between two different universe . 
  it 's impossible to create an entirely consistent model of what time travel would be like , each has huge illogical seems consequences . 
   they were n't fighting the machines . 
  they were forcing people not use such things . 
  the point was to free people from a bad dependency . 
  but in a violent way . 
  fair enough , i think it 's fair to say that , during this time of ai machines , when they were fighting , those who wanted to continue to use machines probably did use machines for warfare , so there would have been a lot of killing machines , just no evil robot overlord who caused them to have to fight those machines . 
  in many ways it was a human war , however the side that still used robots would have often been using robots to fight on their behalf and alongside them . 
  i ca n't see the human race across many planets unanimously deciding to destroy the machines , it would have been a time of conflict with machines being utilised in warfare imo . 
  that 's just personally my reading of what i think herbert intended , i suppose you could read it has humanity just spending a century going around the universe trying to kill labour robots who just wanted to survive , but that does n't seem quite as epic and significant to me . 
  the books make it seem like a cataclysmic event , from which he new order arose , so imo it has to be more of a real war . 
  not in my experience , not remotely , in fact i 've never heard expat directed towards a temporary worker ever . 
  it 's most common usage i 've heard is amongst british retirees in parts of europe , who certainly do n't work and have no intention of leaving . 
  expat , in my experience , has absolutely nothing to do with your work or plans to return , but everything to do with whether you 're perceived as coming from an country of relatively similar wealth , or from a poorer country in the hope of improving your circumstances . 
  right now it 's down where it was after the recession , if it goes much lower we 're into uncharted territory i 'm afraid , this is n't a regular currency fluctuation . 
  you 've got to look at things statistically though . 
  of course murders do occur in british prisons . 
  regardless of the country , prison is always going to be more dangerous than general population because of the types of folk that are imprisoned and their track records . 
  despite this , murder inside british prisons is so rare that the suggestion that he will probably be killed there is invalid . 
  sexual offenders have their own unit in british prisons , keeping them segregated from the rest of the prison population . 
  there is n't really enough hard evidence to convict that paedo ring though sadly . 
  the difference here is n't merely that those guys are rich and powerful and this guy was nobody , this guy also left loads of fucking evidence and boasted about it on the internet so ... 
  which is why there 's a bunch of celebrities like rolf harris in prison now . 
  all the allegations are followed up on , not all of them can be proved in a court of law , we are not `` gung ho '' about it at all . 
  in fact we 're probably more vigilant than other nations because of all the facts that came out in the last decade or so . 
  stfu about what you know nothing about . 
  there is n't so much paedophilia in the uk , the rate of paedophilia is quite normal for a highly developed country and relatively low when compared to the rest of the world . 
  nor is it frequently covered up , that 's just a bullshit narrative that some people have been spreading . 
  a few cover ups coming to light does not mean that something is frequently being covered up . 
  in reality the majority of paedophilia allegations are properly processed and investigated . 
  this does n't mean that they can always bring the person to justice , because , as i would hope in other countries , british law requires proof to be provided before you can convict someone . 
  the main things we 've had in recent years is the allegations of historical paedophilia at the bbc in the 60 / 70s , as started with the jimmy saville revelations , which then emboldened victims of other celebrities to come forward . 
  of allegations that resulted from this , some resulted in convictions , some resulted in investigations being dropped due to lack of evidence , and some were dropped because they were just conspiracy nutcases who wanted to jump on the bandwagon . 
  why did the abuses take so long to come to light ? 
  well , this has a lot to do with the historical attitudes of the era . 
  people were simply not aware of paedophilia in the same way as they are today . 
  sure , they understood the concept of paedophilia , but the idea that there could be a paedo living around the corner seemed somewhat unbelievable of people back then . 
  people did n't understand that is was a behaviour seemingly ordinary people engaged in secretly , it was assumed that a paedophile must be a vagrant or a low life , normal people did n't engage in such activities . 
  it 's not the kind of thing that people want to believe could be true of their neighbours , so they did n't , simple as that . 
  hell , i remember my friend 's dad telling me that when he grew up in the 60s there was a paedophile living around the corner . 
  he would invite young boys in for a drink of water or cup of tea and then try to fondle of them . 
  all the kids living on the estate knew to avoid him , and many parents would even warn their kids to stay away from that guy and not accept gifts from him . 
  while they did n't want their kids near him they still made excuses for him , calling him `` harmless '' and an `` eccentric bachelor '' . 
  to believe that their neighbour was what we 'd see him as today , a potential child rapist , was something that was hard to swallow given he was a member of their community , so he was just dismissed as an `` oddball '' and ignored . 
  nobody thought he 's go any further than what they knew about , which was his tendency to get a bit touchy feely with young boys . 
  i 'm almost 100 % certain that in 1960s america attitudes were similar , and people would 've baulked at the notion that community members were actually child rapists . 
  furthermore the idea that celebrities could be paedophiles was something people did n't take seriously . 
  in isolation , if a single person accuses a celebrities of sexually abusing them there 's a tendency to write them off a crank with some kind of weird celebrity fixation . 
  it 's only when a number of unrelated cases come to light that people start listening , and back in that era the collaboration between police forces was insufficient for such a pattern to be seen . 
  individuals were all discouraged from taking matters further because of the belief they must be a lone nutcase , without ever finding out that there were other people willing to make similar allegations . 
  the only other instance was the rotherham paedophiles , and this was due to gross incompetence on behalf of the police force dealing with the matter . 
  other than that , all we have is unproved allegations . 
  ultimately , paedophilia is treated here just as it is in any other developed country , there is no `` paedo epidemic '' , in a sense we are lucky purely because these historical instances of paedophilia have come to light , and i 'm sure there 's plenty of historical paedophilia in the us that has n't yet been unearthed or can not be proved in a court of law . 
  in a civilised society , even if someone is guilty of rape , it does n't mean we stop protecting them from crime . 
  the state punishes criminals , criminals do n't punish criminals . 
  if paedos were just thrown in with the regular prisoners then the state would basically be encouraging crime against them . 
  i 'm all for punishing sex offenders , but allowing them to be abused and killed by other criminals is not how it should be done . 
  i 'm also pretty sure it 's the same in the us , paedos are kept away from others criminals for their own protection . 
  meh , you 'll find that in the uk people wo n't really care about your being american . 
  we have plenty of australians and canadians , americans are n't that rare or special . 
  be prepared for a lot of banter though , people are unlikely to ever let you forget that you 're american unless you change your accent and start drinking 3 cups of tea a day . 
  old people move there when they retire because their retirement is based around an english cost of living , and life is much cheaper in spain . 
  also , you are able to buy houses very cheap there , and if you 're old and have n't bought a house in the uk then picking up a cheap spanish house with whatever savings you do have seems a lot more appealing than renting somewhere til your dying day . 
  you 're lecturing us about imaginary issues , which is worse . 
  seems to be an american pastime . 
  you know you hit the nail on the head when you said all that you know is what the media says , because you have the most warped view of the reality in european countries ever . 
  in many ways you 're like the americans who tell us that our own hometowns are muslim only no go zones , while we are walking around them no more worried about crime than we were 20 years ago . 
  we know they 're not no go zones because we are literally living in them . 
  this is no different , we know for a fact that the uk is n't lax on paedophilia , since we know how much the majority of the uk cares about preventing sex crimes against children . 
  just because a there is a cover up or scandal , does not mean that people are lax about the issue . 
  i 've tried my best to explain to you the situation , about how attitudes 50 years ago meant the police were less effective at capturing paedophiles , how less national police coordination meant allegations against individuals were not correlated , and how people related differently to power figures and celebrities during those times . 
  i 've also tried to explain to you that while there are 1400 allegations in that link , only about 250 were against celebrities / politicians , and of those 250 the majority will be shown to be either false or there wo n't be enough evidence to say either way . 
  ultimately , you just seem to have some agenda against britain , and want to cast us as being unwilling to address social issues , and portray america as doing this . 
  it 's a dumb argument that can only be because of some personal agenda against the uk . 
   let me ask you , though . 
  ever heard of wounded knee ? 
  ever heard of jallianwalla bagh ? 
  seen the movies ? 
  what do movies have to do with it ? 
  i might have heard of those once or twice . 
   my other point about the us wallowing in guilt for past actions , in contrast to the uk , is an entirely seperate issue, 
  that 's ridiculous , the us constantly dissociates itself from itself tattered history , reinventing itself as some moral force . 
  the founding fathers hated anyone who was n't british , they were even against german immigrants who were virtually the same religion as them , then in the 1800s the us discriminated against irish , blacks , catholics , southern and eastern europeans . 
  now it extols itself as a melting pot . 
  the us was one of the last bastions of slavery , then labels itself as all about freedom . 
  the us was one of the last countries to segregation , now it celebrates itself as multicultural . 
  the us does n't wallow in its past , it reinvents itself and tries to take the moral high ground back . 
  whereas the uk has hundreds of years of colonial guilt hanging over its head . 
  hell , what do you think motivates european countries to be more progressive than the us , why do you think european countries are willing to give a far larger share of their gdp to the third world , why do you think european countries are more strongly anti-war ? 
  seriously , you guys have a mixed up perspective on the world . 
  that 's just the sad fact that if you 're anything but the traditional ethnicity in that country , a lot of people will never accept you as really being from there .
