  all i know that in europe you 're better off ethnically black or asian , and born in a native english speaking country , than being a white german raised in germany if you want to teach english . 
  i 'd say discrimination does exist even in germany where i am . 
  native speakers just get an easier deal . 
  a teaching qualification will also count . 
  do you have an accent ? 
  this is a big deal factor . 
  i have one friend who spent 5 years of his childhood in the usa so sounds convincingly american despite being a german national who 's lived most of his life in germany . 
  i have another friend who speaks perfect english but is noticeably not a native speaker with a slight german twang , and that 's resulted in a few knockbacks from jobs because they want native speakers . 
  that said she 's had some success too , just made things slightly harder . 
  i do n't know what those things are :3, 
  there 's plenty of work in munich if you can afford to live here / do n't mind living in a shared apartment . 
  fyi prepositions are different in different languages . 
  a lot more than 800 that 's for sure . 
  schools pay between 19-22 euros per 45 minutes on average . 
  would you be willing to work freelance ? 
  because that 's what you 're looking at !, 
  rent in a wg is anything from 400-700 a month . 
  the worst thing is the pension insurance for freelancers , it 's a big chunk of your earnings ( 21 % ) , health insurance eats into it too ( 200 euros a month ) . 
  you 'll need to earn 1000 euros a month before you get to eat . 
  there 's money to be had here , but then living costs are n't cheap . 
  [ here 's a comparison with barcelona ] ( http://www.numbeo.com/cost-of-living/compare_cities.jsp?country1=spain&amp;country2=germany&amp;city1=barcelona&amp;city2=munich ) . 
  have a google of the schools around the area , if you 're experience and qualified it should n't be too hard to find some work to get started with . 
  residency is easy as pie for eu nationals , 30 minutes registration and you 're done . 
  good luck !, 
  not sure . 
  i do n't think the work situation in germany is bad overall . 
  anecdotally i 've heard berlin is quite saturated with native speakers who fancy themselves english teachers so you 've got to really have the qualifications and experience to show there . 
  places like dresden seem to need english teachers and it 's low cost of living there too . 
  you will spoke german , if not for the america ? 
  :p i 'd go with something like ... 
  ( if we had n't protected you , you would now speak german ), 
  ( if america had never existed , you would now speak german ), 
  it 's not that simple . 
  german is like english insofar as there are many ways to form a conditional statement that alter the meaning . 
  compare these . 
  1st - ( real possibility ) - if i have the money , i will buy a new car, 
  2nd - ( unreal improbable ) - if i had the money , i would buy a new car, 
  3rd - ( unreal in the past ) - if i had had the money , i would have bought a new car, 
  as you can see you do n't normally need werden ( will / become ) when forming a 1st conditional as we do in english . 
  ( it might come up as the main verb though ) . 
  what you 're trying to express can not take the 1st conditional since it 's unrealised . 
  i formed it into the 3rd conditional with a mixed main clause , past + present . 
  however i think you could also do it in the 2nd conditional as . 
  if it were not for america , you would now speak german . 
  although i 'm not entirely sure this works . 
  you 'd have to ask a native speaker . 
  you also made the mistake of using the past imperfect in a conditional which does n't fly in german since they have the subjunctive for this job , something we do n't see so often in english . 
  to be fair tyrion 's voice is pretty whack in the show if you ask me . 
  for the first few episodes of series 1 it really annoyed me , it 's not a very convincing british accent and it does n't really sound like anything . 
  however i adjusted and then it was overshadowed by his fabulous acting . 
  words with - o in are particularly grating , every time he says westerooooos it sounds highly affected . 
  i always saw it like this . 
  the north - scotland ( bleak , rugged ) , westlands - england ( powerful , wealthy , ruthless , rainy ) , the vale - wales ( mountainous , impregnable ) , riverlands - ireland ( damp , fertile , wild ) , stormlands - germany ( hard , industrious , stubborn ) , the reach - france ( pleasant , fancy , tame ) , dorne - spain ( outside cultural influence i.e moorish , fiery ) , king 's landing - italy / rome ( corrupt , centre of culture ) . 
  essos represents an amalgamation of south eastern european and middle eastern culture culturally divided by religious values , used to be part of a grand now fallen empire . 
  the comparisons go on - stannis and robert both have a prussian air to them being so blunt and to the point . 
  the lannisters are perfidious ( perfidious albion ) , the north has the wall ( hadrian 's wall ) and wildlings ( highlanders ) , dorne has the female inheritance thing which i believe was once part of spanish culture , the tyrells are all seductive ( french in the language of love ) , king 's landing is full of political corruption and a religious centre ( the seven = catholicism anyone ? 
  the multiple god 's being like the way catholicism idolises saints and so forth ) . 
  the red god being islam , the old gods being paganism . 
  even the way that people in the north worship the seven but keep the old gods too but a nod to the way the christian character in northern europe did n't match that in the south ( protestantism anyone ? 
  i 'm not really knowledgeable about working asia to be perfectly honest , i was just trying to be helpful . 
  this could have a lot of problems . 
  collision , video stabilisation , focus , speed . 
  but it hopefully will have some success , and open the door for more advanced versions that overcome all the issues . 
  it 's perfect possible to build better models with cameras with extra wide angles that automatically stabilise the video , that track focus , that can keep up with a someone skiing at speed , and even one day one 's with environmental sensors that can react to their environment . 
  well meme 'd my friend !, 
  you forgot the cheeky nandos, 
  worth every second !, 
  that would a dumb idea . 
  this is overblown crap , the royals have always been involved with charity and trying to bring good causes to the attention of the government . 
  it 's the 2nd biggest news network in the uk after the bbc , maybe the 3rd after sky . 
  it 's not a `` group of people '' . 
  do fuck off . 
  the monarchy pales in comparison to what lobbyists get away with in the us and billion of private funding that goes into electing a president . 
  so much for egalitarian republicanism . 
  you can thank us for the web now , clearly a long forgotten achievement no longer relevant to the world . 
  please be a troll . 
  yank ira supporters are worse than the ira itself . 
  it 's a major television network . 
  i would n't call that a `` group of people '' . 
  it 's a group of more things than just people , it 's industry , it 's studios , it 's billions if pounds in funding and government grants . 
  it 's stupid to call a massive institution a `` group of people '' ... 
  from the borders of mexico to the north of detroit you 're all fucking yanks . 
  you 're also a huge cunt , nothing lower than a yank cheering on political violence as if it were a football match . 
  my point was calling channel 4 is reductive and stupid like calling microsoft a software development company ... 
  try any accent other than general american . 
  japanese people ? 
  try most the world . 
  countries where root beer is n't a thing struggle to understand why root beer every became a thing . 
  i still think monkey shows are cute . 
  just because this is inhumane does n't meant you ca n't train a monkey humanely . 
  teaching a dog go walk on its hind legs is cute too , does n't mean it 's immoral . 
  `` i 'm vegan '' , universal code for `` i am not the type of person you want to associate with '', 
  clearly an individual deeply educated in the suffering of kurdish minorities under the hussein regime ... 
  same way you 'd teach a dog . 
  reward conditioning . 
  i would n't call that a false friend . 
  naturally can mean `` of course '' in english too . 
  as in `` naturally , we bought the 1st class tickets , who wants to sit with the plebs '' . 
  it just sounds a bit fancy and pretentious to use it that way in english . 
  so do n't train it to stand on its hind legs for extended periods of time .
