  ( no it would break down more often ), 
   literally nobody thinks you 're cool . 
  thats why stacey down at the froyo joint is n't going to give you that handy you 've been praying for , she 's going to the party this friday with chad . 
  chad has a job . 
  chad makes $ 12.50 an hour , and chad drives a restored '68 chevy . 
  he might be kind of a tool but that kid is going places . 
  are you going places , ricer mchatchback ? 
  wow casual racism and a grandiose delusion about american muscle cars ( equally douchey ) . 
  stacey 's giving the handy to the guy who you know , can actually afford a good car . 
  they did , the problem was that stuff was actually valuable , not just shit we could grow in the ground , so we tried opium , which the emperor then banned , but we just sold it anyway . 
  the irony of that username . 
  remember guys that all ethnic foods in places other than america are cooked and prepared purely by aryan pure blood chefs , following the the cookery books looted from the hands of dead women and children on ancient conquests . 
  that was gold, 
  it 's incredibly unlike that the dollar will ever have parity with the gbp , it would require an economic disaster in the uk . 
  it just does n't work that way the same way , in the same sense that the yen will never have parity with the usd regardless of how well japan is doing or how badly the us is doing . 
  [ here is a handy chart , as you can see it 's usually roughly about 1.5 dollars to the pound , depending on how the currencies are doing relative to each other ] ( http://newsimg.bbc.co.uk/media/images/44239000/gif/_44239603_pound_dollar_gr416.gif ), 
  no probs bb  xxx < 3, 
  err [ ok here you go ] ( http://www.xe.com/currencycharts/?from=gbp&amp;to=usd&amp;view=10y ), 
  as i said it 's stayed around 1.5 / 1.6 dollars to the pound for a while now . 
  have you forgotten you had an economic crash too ? 
  you should n't read too much into the value of a unit of currency to indicate how an economy is doing . 
  edit : you must have some issues to suggest i deliberately left out those years . 
  it was the first long term chart i pulled off google . 
  wow this is / r/cringe . 
  hipster getting his revenge on the man by charging him for a design , is there anything that could be more reddit than this . 
  fyi most graphic designers end up changing careers because they overvalue their photoshop skills . 
  london , new york , paris not interesting enough for you ? 
  fyi the combined economic foreign aid of thr uk and germany far exceeds that of the us government despite having a combined population less than half of the usa . 
  hell the uk alone provides over 50 % of what the us does with over five times less people and even less gdp . 
  if we include america 's military aid ( but not that of the european countries since i do n't have the figures ) then the uk , germany , denmark , sweden , norway and holland collectively spend more on purely economic aid than the us does on economic and military aid combined despite a combined population of 181 million relative to the us 's 316 million . 
  [ here is the source ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_governments_by_development_aid ), 
  us - $ 31.55 billion . 
  population : 316 million . 
  gdp : 16.9 trillion, 
  uk - $ 17.88 billion . 
  population : 63 million . 
  gdp : 3 trillion, 
  de - $ 14.06 billion . 
  population : 81 million . 
  gdp : 3.64 trillion, 
  arguable the us spending is a bit higher because of it 's more likely to fund military assistance on the ground , but i doubt it entirely makes up the difference , as well as those military resources benefiting the us in other ways . 
  yes there was 17.6 billion in military aid . 
  although like i said those resources are not entirely selfless act since they contribute to us projection of power and things like forces and equipment can be recalled . 
  per capita or relative to gdp still nowhere near though . 
  even the entire 50 billion . 
  you ca n't really give america credit for merely being big . 
  other countries sacrifice far more of what they have to help the undeveloped world . 
  how do i ? 
  i 'm merely contradicting your claim that the us spearheads world aid . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  if we took 316 million people from the richest eu countries they would give more aid total than the us gives . 
  as a percentage of gdp the figures are worse for america . 
  you ca n't just say we 're the biggest country therefore our figures are bigger therefore we do the most . 
  it 's unsound logic . 
  countries can not control how big they are and can only impact population in a minor way through immigration . 
  i often see americans quote figures that only put them at number one merely because they 're bigger , it 's an unfair comparison . 
  if the eu were to federalise ( let 's hope so ) it would outstrip the us in many statistics . 
  just because you 're one big nation ( the product of history more than anything else ) , does n't mean you do more . 
  the us would have to give 90 billion in aid to match the uk 's per capita spending , and 101 billion to give equally relative to gdp . 
  not that the world is n't grateful for the 50 billion the us does spend , but that does n't mean it does the most . 
  consider it payment for the retrieval of your # 500 ipad . 
  as a boy the family would gather around the coal fire ( it was all us yuropoors could afford ) and envision the massive arable plains of kansas , imagining how much wheat and maize we could harvest with all that space and nitrate rich soil . 
  then we 'd look over our puny 100 acres farmstead good for nothing more than grazing sheep and cabbages and weep salty tears into the earth , wistfully gazing to the west where all agricultural dreams are possible . 
   as i checked it was n't germany or the uk spearheading relief efforts across the globe . 
  ok well it was n't you who said it i did n't realise you were n't the one but posted it but that 's the statement i was contradicting . 
   the claim made which we are discussing is you saying that the uk and germany give much more aid combined than the us . 
  something which even your own figures show is not true . 
  in terms of purely economic aid they do . 
   when i point this out , you shift the goalpost to not include military aid . 
  no you shifted the goalposts to include military aid . 
  we never specified whether or not we were talking economic or both , so do n't accuse me of goalpost shifting . 
   then you shift the goal posts on the basis of aid which benefits the donor country . 
  what ? 
  no i did n't i was merely pointing out that military aid benefits the donor more than economic aid . 
   then you shift the goal posts to per capita and relative to gdp . 
  yes using a reasonable metric is totally goalpost shifting . 
   every damn time you try and shift the focus away from the fact that you were completely wrong with your initial statement . 
  no i was n't , since i never said military aid counted , you did . 
  the organisation for economic co-operation and development does not define military aid as foreign aid . 
  so no , we did n't . 
  anyway , it was n't even you i intended to contradict since you did n't make the statement . 
  i feel i have now contradicted the statement . 
  we now know how much aid countries give both economically and with military aid included . 
  make your own damn mind up . 
  if you 'd prefer a more accurate statement by your definition of foreign aid . 
  `` the uk , germany , denmark , sweden , norway and holland '' collectively spend more on economic aid than the us does on economic and military aid combined despite a population of 181 million compared to the us 's 316 million . 
  this ignores whatever money these countries spend on military aid which is undoubtedly some , with peace keeping missions and such . 
  look i 'll even edit my original post to make it clear . 
  i do n't think to . 
  gdp per capita is roughly just the amount of money in the country including all assets etc. 
  ( or however they calculate it it exactly ) divided by the number of people , so it would n't be affected by where that money is going . 
  it would be better to look at median income since if your state is sitting on oil reserves worth billions you 'd be be valued very highly in terms of gdp per capita but that does n't mean the people there are n't poor as dirt . 
  the mayfair suburb of london is richer than new york . 
  once again england prevails !, 
  median and mode are pretty good ways of doing that , they 'll give you an idea of what ordinary people earn . 
  obviously you have to count the high earners in some respect which the mode does n't really , someone with better maths than i have could probably tell you . 
  yes , but what 's your point ? 
  to put it better , america needs to stop eating that abomination they call jelly and appropriate the word for the far superior product they unfortunately call jell-o, 
  still do n't see how that affects gdp ? 
  there 's a square mile of birmingham with like 200 shootings a year .
