  the mentality is constantly positive and constantly thinking about making things better in the future . 
  recreating legacy servers would almost be equivalent to acknowledging that all the decision they 've made in the past years , and all the millions of man hours of labour they poured into developing the project were in vain . 
  as far as they are concerned almost all the changes they 've made to the game in the past years were good justifiable changes , the idea that they were n't will be pretty much inconceivable to them . 
  although we as consumers are sure in the knowledge that ultimately the sum of these changes has resulted in a product that we simply do n't find as enjoyable as older versions , they wo n't be able to see us as anything but delusional in that belief , our enjoyment derived solely from nostalgia and unwillingness to see the `` better '' game they 've developed . 
  we can point to declining subscriber numbers on retail all we want , but in their minds this decline is just the natural lifespan of the project running its course , and they probably believe their changes are slowing this decline rather than hastening it . 
  - the second is financial . 
  we 've all seen how successful nostalrius was with just a small crew of enthusiasts , how cost effectively vanilla wow can be realised again in a state similar to the old days . 
  however , if you think blizzard would ever make a legacy server on the cheap then you are crazy , as it would go against all the most fundamental principles of a huge professional game developer like blizzard . 
  if blizzard did make legacy servers it would only be with a complete overhaul of the game to bring it up to date with all the aesthetic , technological , and quality of life improvements they 've made to game in the past 10 years . 
  a job like this would no doubt be almost as demanding and expensive as making an entirely new expansion . 
  when you follow this reasoning you can see why legacy servers are something they ca n't even bear to consider for 5 minutes . 
  from their perspective they might as well put that money into the next expansion in the vain hope that this will be the one that turns wow 's decline around and makes the game a huge hit again instead . 
  and of course , i know that we , as a community , could n't give a fuck about these changes and would gladly play a legacy server that was exactly like 1.12 warts and all , but this is simply not something they would ever do . 
  what would make blizzard release legacy servers ? 
  ultimately , the only way that blizzard would make legacy servers would be if the financial argument for making them were so strong that they 'd have to put away their ideology and pride , and take on the huge cost of revamping the old expansions to a level they could tolerate . 
  sadly this is not something that the success of nostalrius necessitates . 
  in fact , the only way i see this happening is when retail is practically dead with no future expansions planned . 
  this could be a last ditch attempt at squeezing some revenue out of the content , but that 's about it . 
  [ removed ], 
  i find this concept of being `` ordinarily resident '' quite confusing , i 'm a british national who spent the first 25 years of life in the uk . 
  i 've been out of the country for roughly 3 years . 
  i spend about 3-4 weeks a year in the uk . 
  as far as i understand i 'm no longer entitled to the nhs for free on account of not being ordinarily resident in the uk . 
  however , my question is more along the lines of whether the nhs ever asks people if they 're ordinarily resident ? 
  i also wonder if this system is discriminatory , since i ca n't imagine anyone ever questioning my residency status , as i 'm white , very british name , no trace of a foreign accent or whatnot . 
  there 's literally nothing about me that would lead anyone to suspect i 'm not a regular resident in the uk . 
  i mean does the nhs even have a means to check whether someone is ordinarily resident , i 've never had to register myself as no longer resident in the country ( whereas in many countries this is a legal requirement ) ? 
  the requirement for proving that you 're ordinarily resident seem really silly too , stuff like bills , official letters , bank statements , mostly requirements i could probably still meet despite not being in the country most the time . 
  does that nhs actually enforce this ? 
  are british nationals just ordinarily resident in the uk when they say they are ? 
  i mean if i arrived back in the uk tomorrow without any official register who can determine whether my intention was to return for good or just a holiday ? 
  if i did return for good tomorrow would there be a period where my status would be in doubt ? 
  it all seems so ill defined and reliant on what someone discloses . 
  i 'm just curious . 
  i suspect i 'd still be covered in the uk with my overseas insurance anyway , so it 's not really a big deal . 
  i 'm just wondering how it works . 
  i 'm curious about how people 's experiences outside the uk changed their perception of the uk and british culture . 
  sadly , for me the experience as made me see the uk totally differently , and mostly in a negative light , although i did discover a few good aspects i was n't aware of before . 
  what strikes me so hard is how divided we are as a nation , divided by class , by region , and by locality , we do n't think and act like a singular `` people '' at all . 
  this leads to our entire outlook on life being dominated by conflict . 
  our history is dominated by conflict too . 
  this filters through to the `` british '' way of seeing the world , which seems to be defined by interpreting things as as conflicts between groups of individuals , rather than failures in social structure or institutes . 
  we also promote conflict in a much more literal way , given how normalised violence is by our culture , and are propensity of a statistically disproportionate number of us to get into physical confrontations . 
  british people are quite anti-social , and often are n't inclined to judge people as individuals , but according to some in-group out-group heuristic that hinders communication in our society . 
  the way we interact with each other is incredible embedded in symbolic language `` games '' rather than being explicit . 
  we 're also for the most very pessimistic , and many of us seem to find satisfaction in being miserable grumpy gits , only cheering up for brief periods when we retreat to preferred locations and inner circles . 
  on the plus side , the british mentality is , at very least , quite expedient , sometimes we 're quite good at just getting things done with minimal fuss , and not needing to practise 100 times until it feels `` normal '' or `` standardised '' , we do n't put to much stead in `` the way its done '' ( for the most part anyway ) . 
  imo we are pragmatic in so far as adapting to necessity , but terrible at adapting ahead of time , so are national history is just a cycle of crisis . 
  we can cooperate adequately when we have to . 
  there is also a mentality towards the individual 's relationship to society , stemming from classical liberalism , that i quite like . 
  we do n't force the government 's involvement in people 's lives , you do n't have legal obligations to register and inform the government of every little change in status , we have the sole trader system for self-employment , we do n't mandate that people carry , or even have , identification , we do n't make benefits mandatory for those who are not earning ( in some countries unless you go on unemployment you will incur costs ) , even the nhs style of nationalised health insurance is great at keeping things simple for the individual . 
  doing all this while maintaining a welfare state and a semblance of a social democracy is quite impressive . 
  that said , the overall is negative . 
  we are n't really a nation of rationalists , we can reason but in britain reason is very much the slave of the passions . 
  we might not be the outwardly emotional sorts you find in romantic language countries ( generalising ) , but we 're not the types to put reason in high regard , as in most germanic nations ( generalising ) . 
  our attitude towards work is dreadful , our work-life balance is horrible , our economic policy is just bizarre . 
  anyway , that 's my opinion , make of it what you will . 
  what do people on here think ? 
  ich habe [ das ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/unitedkingdom/comments/58v4hv/brexit_leading_banks_set_to_pull_out_of_uk_early/d93rqj1/ ) schon auf / r/unitedkingdom geposted . 
  the frustration of it is so unbearable it 's almost enough to repatriate me . 
  i feel like every year advertisers try to outdo previous years with their infantile saccharine tripe . 
  i 've heard a lot of people expressing their hope that brexit will open up more teaching roles in the eu to non-eu citizens . 
  however , this is entirely wishful thinking . 
  if that 's to happen the following must occur :, 
  britain invokes article 50 ( government says march 2017 , but that 's not for certain as it 's being challenged by the courts , the lords , and groups of mps ), 
  at least 2 years expire after its invocation . 
  this is the minimum timeframe needed until any changes take effect , and this time period could be extended or even halted completely if all parties unilaterally feel it 's in their interest . 
  britain ends freedom of movement by leaving the single market . 
  even if britain does leave the eu that does n't mean freedom of movement ends , there 's a lot of pressure to stay in the single market right now which would mean retaining freedom of movement . 
  britain and the eu would have to return to a visa relationship equivalent to that which most eu and non-eu countries have with one another . 
  even if britain goes full brexit and ends freedom of movement , in reality britain has profited greatly from eu labour , and brits have n't been a burden on eu countries either , so even if all mutually agreed automatic rights to residency and work are all lost , there 's still a strong case for favourable and relaxed visa based movement of labour between the two areas . 
  so brits may still have it easier than other non-eu citizens even after losing citizenship themselves . 
  a decent chunk of time would have to pass from the point when the flow of british tefl teachers into europe declined until the job market was so significantly affected as to warrant the sponsorship of more visas and the opening of more positions . 
  there are tonnes of brits in europe who will be eligible for passports , permanent eu residency , and working visas right now , so it will be a slow . 
  not to mention that irish teachers will continue to have access . 
  you 're looking at a timeframe of at minimum 5 years until any effects are felt , and that 's assuming all the above comes to pass , which is in no sense for certain . 
  honestly , if you are a non-eu citizen who wants to work in europe my earnest advice to you is to start looking at how you can achieve this and not to worry about brexit . 
  there is no point waiting around for years hoping something will change . 
  at least 30 % of the teaching faculty i 've worked with are non-eu citizens anyway , so there are plenty of ways to do it . 
  it 's not like they all married to get here . 
  all brexit is doing is holding people back from doing what they want on the basis of wishful thinking . 
  if you want to work in the eu go straight ahead and follow you dream , do n't rely on political events to make it easier . 
  sorry to ask such a question but i 'm really having trouble with the import/export system in the game . 
  for context i 'm someone who really likes building infrastructure when playing the game . 
  i 've already built some really large functional cities relying mostly on high education and offices . 
  i find this way of playing really boring though and right now i prefer trying to build huge industrial and commercial centres . 
  i 've found there 's two ways my industrial cities go to shit ( usually somewhere around 130k pop but sometimes higher ) , either the game spawns too many cargo trains and they start despawning before reaching their destination and the whole network becomes clogged leading to not enough goods in commercial or not enough raw materials in industrial , or imports refuse to go any higher despite industrial saying there 's not enough raw materials and no clog or traffic . 
  sadly the latter always seems to arise as a product of trying to prevent the former . 
  i 'll also add that i do n't use and do n't want to use specialised industry other than agriculture and farming , it 's too short lived and i do n't want to mod infinite resources . 
  before you link me to one of the guides explaining to optimise rail and road please let me assure you that i 've done it all . 
  my international rail is completely segregated from my cargo rail , and my passenger rail is completely separate from both of those . 
  it does n't matter though , my cargo rail will get clogged after a certain point with too many trains bringing in imports alongside too many trains moving goods from the industrial districts to the commercial districts . 
  to counter this i 've tried everything . 
  huge buffering zones in and out of every station between where they exit the main cargo line and enter the station , and then again between where they exit the station and rejoin the main line . 
  this worked for a while but as i zoned more and more commercial and industrial eventually the buffering could no longer do the job and was already taking up loads of space ( i 'm talking 12 train long jams for a single station backing up all the way to the main line despite the buffering ) . 
  just hundreds of green cargo trains everywhere . 
  i also started to use a segregated area to handle cargo traffic transferring from the harbour and international train network to my internal cargo network i.e i do n't allow road traffic access to these terminals and i do n't allow trucks leaving these terminals access to my main road system . 
  all my cities still ended up with clogged cargo so then i thought maybe i could separate my import/export cargo network ( not to be confused with the international network , the import/export network does n't connect to the outside , it just connects to a station that is near the station connected to the international network and near the harbour ) from my internal local cargo network . 
  essentially have two cargo rail networks , one taking goods to and from a station that allows trucks to transfer to the harbour and a separate cargo train station connected to the international network , the other existing only to move goods from one part of the map to another ( industrial commercial ) . 
  i found the ai worked against me in this however , as whatever i did it continued to be possible for trains to be sent from one `` local '' cargo station to another via this network ( instead of just to and fro between the station near the harbour + international freight station and the districts ) , and the ai insisted on using it this way , despite a far more efficient local only network just tiles away .
