  i think the eu position will hard on two issues , freedom of movement being required for single market access , and giving up the financial services passport , france and germany clearly want a piece of that pie . 
  what it might come down to is how much can the uk free itself from the eu legal noose to start deregulating in order to optimally tap new market resources . 
  the uk is still at a major disadvantage though , because it 's negotiating from a serious position of weakness . 
  i just think the tories might go for an option where they can start rebuilding britain in a more american capitalist fashion like they 've always dreamed , which i fear is bad for everyone . 
  the ftse 100 is up because it 's bargain bucket time for uk based multinationals . 
  brexiteers just fundamentally do n't get economics , because if they did they would n't have voted leave in the first place . 
  you have to remember that most the ftse 100 companies have multinationals with operations in other countries , the kind of companies that are selling in a multitude of currencies anyway . 
  this lowered pound means it 's an ideal time to grab shares in these companies , because it pushes the share price down lower than its real value . 
  furthermore carney is suggesting an interest cut because the economic outlook he 's looking at is * bad * , the signs of a slowdown are already there , if brexit was n't having a bad affect on the economy he would n't be doing anything . 
  people seem to misunderstand so badly that these impacts take time , the recession will take months to come through , brexiteer who are pretending that nothing is going to happen and it was all `` project fear '' are deluding themselves . 
  the actions that are being taken now are clear signs that the boe and government are bracing to cushion a recession hit . 
  still not an invasion as the land was , and still is , rightfully ours !, 
  well 1/3 actually fought for it . 
  god bless the american loyalists !, 
  ca n't invade what 's rightfully ours in the first place . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  as the comment you linked says , accents just tend to fade away when singing . 
  it has nothing to do with it being more like `` the american news anchor accent '' , you just assume it to be american because you speak america , or because the singer is actually imitating an american , or has an american accent . 
  what actually happens in that singing erodes many of the features you brain uses to distinguish accents . 
  it 's nothing to do with america . 
  take an american to australia and have them sing and people will find it harder to know they 're not australian . 
  likewise , learn a 2nd language , and then learn a song in it , you might pass for a native when singing , but you 'll probably never pass for one when speaking . 
  those singers do n't have american accents , they have a soul style though , which you probably perceive american . 
  really they 're just singing in a style that has become associated with american communities . 
  the act of singing errodes most the features you ear uses to distinguish an accent , this makes it much easier to pass as any nationality you want because an accent becomes much harder to hear . 
  not true . 
  there is scientific evidence that singing removes many features your brain uses to distinguish accents , therefore singing in any language you are more liable to pass as native than when speaking . 
  it 's the reason why opera singers can work with 3-4 languages , despite sounding foreign when speaking in all but their native one . 
  nobody is `` without an accent '' , that 's impossible . 
  he sounds american , definitely has an accent . 
  accents are harder to pick out when people are singing . 
  americans assume this means they sound american , it does not . 
  what , all those eu migrants with their net contribution to national finances ? 
  what i so find so infuriating about brexiteers is that they 're causing all these hardship on the basis of their intangible suspicions . 
  eu migrants might hurt the economy some day . 
  answer : let 's wait until there is evidence that they are before doing anything, 
  the eu might try to federalise . 
  answer : when they federalise we can have a vote on whether to be part of that, 
  the eu might try to sneak federalisation through the backdoor . 
  answer : let 's wait til they try to enact something that directly contravenes the sovereignty of parliament before we do accuse them of that . 
  the common theme amongst brexiteers seems to be that they shit the bed about possible futures before those futures even start to become a reality . 
  on the economy they 're just eternal optimists though , clearly mark carney is just telling people to be careful because he 's an elite who wants to see the uk hit with recession so they can manufacture a reason not to invoke article 50 ... yeah clearly , and i suppose there 's a cabal of illuminati freemasons pulling the strings . 
  wow . 
  a few facts for your perusal . 
   meanwhile , people keep whining on about a short term 10-15 % drop in the value of the pound . 
  well what about the rising cost of living ? 
  1 ) the 10-15 % drop the pound is going to cause food , petrol , and other essentials to become 10-15 % more expensive . 
  so much for your rising cost of living . 
   the huge yearly rises in house prices . 
  i think that 's something like 400 % to 1000 % in places since the start of mass immigration . 
  2 ) immigration is n't causing the house prices to rise . 
  an increasing wealth divide and a lack of government policies / desire to stop it is to blame . 
   the rising rents consuming what little salary rises there are as well and creating a situation where people have very poor housing security and do n't know if they will have a place to live in or will be living in the same place from one year to the next . 
  3 ) maybe this has something to do with the government selling off council housing , not building any new council housing , not encouraging affordable housing to be built enough , refusing any kind of rent control . 
  and nothing to do with immigrants . 
  it 's almost at 1.28 now :o, 
  you 're still somewhat wrong though . 
  anchors in the us are not `` trained to lose their accent '' in the slightest . 
  anchors in the us are trained to speak with a very specific accent , an accent that is widely spoken in the united states , and is generally considered the standard . 
  the accent is called general american , and it 's the accent which is reflected in the phonetic notations of the merriam webster dictionary . 
  there 's nothing inherently neutral about . 
  there are only people who perceive as neutral because of the world they grew up in . 
  holy shit almost 1.27 : o, 
  it 's the same people who try to make an economic argument for brexit by saying , yes we 'll be worse off in the short run , but in 5-10 years this could prove to be a unique opportunity to for the eu to carve out a unique niche within the european nations in terms of trade deals and market access . 
  sure , it 's fine to dream of some kind of ideal post-eu britain , smugly profiting from its unique status to attract flows of both eu and international cash , however , what about the people who are barely making ends meet with the status quo . 
  what about the zero hours workers stocking up on canned food one month because they 're not sure if going to get enough work to both eat and make rent next month . 
  what about the working mums with kids in tow who can barely afford enough ingredients to feed her kids something that is n't beans on toast . 
  how is that rural worker going to get to work when petrol prices suddenly cost them an extra # 100 a month ? 
  it 's all well and good to talk about `` economic setbacks '' and `` short term damage '' when you 're well able to take the hit , but it shows a total disregard for ordinary people . 
  i fear a return to that reality with the uk outside the eu . 
  i mean , i do n't think it will necessarily get that bad , but if the current government really fuck it up , and the eu did take vengeance on us , it 's not completely impossible . 
  i agree with you . 
  i do n't think it was that the british working classes could n't go abroad , but i do think that low income and low education are barriers for britons when it comes to leaving . 
  when you have less money you are less likely to be able to secure the kind of savings you need the weather the transition period moving to another country . 
  if you do save enough , you 're likely to be less willing to risk those saving on a transition period . 
  when you 're less educated then you 're less likely to feel able to deal with the complexities of a new culture , less likely to see learning a foreign language has a real possibility , and less able to support yourself without the assistance of others . 
  you 're also far more likely to feel attachment to the specific community in which you grew up and are unlikely to embrace being part of a different one . 
  another big factor is that the british economy has been amongst the stronger in europe . 
  the financial incentives for leaving are fewer , and although there are some corners of the eu where an unskilled worker would probably get a decent chunk more money for their labour , the difference is not so significant as to make it worth moving for the vast majority . 
  a large proportion of the british populace still feel as if the uk is a decent place to live , there is little to no sense that it 's falling behind other nearby economies . 
  eastern europeans move to the wealthier nations of the eu because they feel that they can benefit by being part of that prosperity , that it offers opportunities that can not be found in their own nations . 
  meanwhile britons still believe to some degree that `` to be born english is to win the lottery of life '' , and other such sentiment . 
  their national pride forbids them from considering anywhere else to be a superior option . 
  most of the working age britons moving abroad are ultimately educated middle class aspiring types , for whom the cultural enrichment aspect of living in a different culture , learning a language and so forth , are all factors in their decision to move . 
  sometimes they move for work , but if they do they are almost certainly doing so because of the pay or career prospects . 
  for some it allows them to practise a professional they 've found it hard to break into , for others it allows them to move up a tier in their career ladder that they could n't do at home , some simply come because they are offered appealing salaries . 
  you simply do n't see low skilled low education britons moving to other eu countries for job prospects . 
  tragically , because of all of this , in the brexit referendum freedom of movement for british citizens was seen as the ultimate first world problem . 
  the poor and uneducated do n't make use of it , so it does n't matter to them , most pensioner are never going to use it either , even if a few do retire in spain to live in closed off ex-pat communities , so it did n't matter to them . 
  the people most upset about losing it are the young , a generation with far more education than either their parents or grandparents , upwardly mobile looking at the future opportunities for study and work being taken away from them . 
  sadly , this is also a demographic that our society routinely demonises , so their voice is not strong enough to change many people 's minds . 
  the thing is that the poor and uneducated should be upset to lose this , and they , like the people in many european countries , should have appreciated that they 're sacrificing their rights and future opportunities just as much as they 're sacrificing those of people coming here or those of the middle class . 
  sadly our toxic xenophobic culture and nationalism has prevented that . 
   several of the main identifying features of a regional accent tend to disappear when singing - the intonation ( obviously , as a melody replaces it ) , the speech rhythm , and vowel length ( for many syllables are elongated ) . 
  vowel quality is also often affected , especially in classical singing , where vowels are articulated with greater openness than in everyday speech . 
  so we 're going to take the negative money we spent on immigrants , and spend negative money on houses , i guess that means we 're going to knock a few down , result !, 
  really depends , social factors can impact a singer to imitate a certain national accent to some degree , i.e blues singers might sound afro-american but in fact be white scottish . 
  however , it can also impact people to perceive a certain style of singing as american . 
  the was a controversy in the uk when a popular rnb singer sang the national anthem , even though she was british , people accused her of sounding american , when she claimed she just sang in her normal accent but it was perceived as american . 
  likewise many beatles songs include rhymes that only work using their native liverpool accents , but people perceive it as american very often .
