  - we must give this condition an existence that is no equivocal with the existence of the universe . 
  weeding out the weak , feelings are for girls . 
  noticed in school that lot of kids that got bullied were the ones who lost their shit from a small amount of ribbing , after that they were easy prey for winding up just to see their reaction . 
  on the other this was cruel , but there 's `` bullying '' , winding someone up , and there 's bullying , destroying someone 's self-confidence with cruelty or physical violence , i 'm really just referring to the former . 
  yes , but not so often in my experience , especially if they 're attractive . 
  i have a few girl who are my friends who when i met i would have wanted to have more with , but it 's not something that happens everyday . 
  then again i 've know girls i was n't attracted to who were friends and sometimes they were trying to get into my pants so it goes both ways . 
  guilt , you hit a point where you realise , well if i keep going then it 's going to only make me feel increasingly bad if we break up a few months from now . 
  for example you might make loads of effort to get with a girl , and then succeed and you 're going on dates and it seems fine , but then you realise that she 's not the one so you get out quickly . 
  if a guy has taken you on eight dates and then stopped it 's because he 's come to the conclusion he does n't want to get anymore obligated and jumped ship . 
  initially you 're just going on the girls attractiveness , but it might take eight dates to realise she 's not someone you want to be committed to . 
  i would n't say i 'm intimidated by height or attractiveness . 
  but a girl is good looking , provocatively dressed , and poe faced , she looks like she 's ready to rip you apart with a rejection the moment your interrupt her privacy . 
  if a girl is smiling and more casual she seems more approachable . 
  these feels are too heavy to be expressed , if we try they 'll just come out as word salad . 
  also i mostly assume nobody would care anyway . 
  no because we get used to it at an early age , guys just go awol soon as they 've got a stable relationship . 
  however i remember one friend who used to do thing like come out on a night out , get a text from his gf at like 11pm and then just disappear without a word , that pissed me off frankly . 
  my theory has always been . 
  the north - nordics, 
  wetlands - gaelic celts, 
  the vale - brythonic celts, 
  lannisters - norman british, 
  tyrells - french, 
  dorne - spanish, 
  in essos you see more byzantine and middle eastern qualities if you ask me . 
  / u/whiskyuk is a great example of how to have a shit time in the uk , basically think of everything that was different in the usa and complain nauseatingly about how the american way is better . 
  if you want to have a good time however just do the opposite of whatever he 's doing and you 'll have a blast . 
  i think you suck tbh, 
  well you have education and experience which good and increase your chances a great deal , but i still think you 're going to struggle simply because almost all uk companies are going to be set up for importing american workers . 
  have you thought about joining a company in the us that has strong uk ties and working towards a transfer ? 
  your qualifications will probably get you into that corporate world , and it might more productive than just firing off cvs to random uk companies that will probably be ill equipped to transfer you over . 
  the man of steel lied :(, 
  divorce *, 
  from old england , did n't get it either, 
  as someone who has been learning german reasonably intensively for about a year and preparing to move there for the summer i totally get this . 
  people in my dreams who i distinctly perceive as speaking german , but the ease with which i understand them is far beyond my actual somewhat meagre capacity . 
  so i know they 're not speaking real german , just certain words that i know , and whenever a gap is my vocabulary or a complex construction it 's just german sounding gibberish that i interpret with the same meaning as the english equivalent . 
  i was asked in arkansas whether there were trees in europe :(, 
  the secret is 4 parts butter to 1 part marmite , it 's like sex in your mouth . 
  it 's considered bad taste and tacky . 
  you 've paid to go out and have a dining experience , not for a quantity of food that is yours to do with as you please . 
  it it 's the type of restaurant like pizza hut that does take away as well then it 's fine , but by the same standard restaurants that do take away are n't really considered `` proper '' restaurants . 
  i guess it harks from the idea that if you need to take the home food for later then you must be short of money to buy food for you home and therefore you have no business eating in a restaurant in the first place . 
  i have another word for your individualist philosophy = selfish arsehole . 
  humans live in societies , you depended on others for everything , you would n't be able to pull yourself out the gutter without everyone who helped you . 
  a heavily capitalistic society is nothing more than a society where meritocracy can not exist , since talented people without privilege are unable only prosper half the time , and untalented idiots with privilege will be given an easy ride . 
  your notions about individualism are nothing but ridiculous romances about self-made men . 
  maybe a few individuals were able to go from utter poverty to success without the help of financial privilege , but strong capitalism is nothing more than the perverse deification of these individuals , it 's not realistic for society at large . 
  it 's not even a simple choice for the sane , would you rather live in a society where you have a slightly higher chance of becoming a millionaire but some people were left to die of curable illnesses ? 
  or would you rather have slightly less chance of being a millionaire , but a the assurance that if you 're down on your luck you 'll be provided for ? 
  individualist philosophy is a delusion of idiots who accredit too much of their personal success to their own choices , rather than the people they depended on to get to a place where they could make those choices in the first place . 
  what a load of self-justifying bollocks . 
  - i do n't need to give all my money to africa . 
  i 'm not pretending to be entirely not self-interested . 
  but i happily pay my taxes for the provision of society in forms of social welfare and other provisions because i am glad they exist . 
  - you relied on social charity when your parents were n't slaughtered or exploited by a local warlord because protective agencies and the legal system exists . 
  you relied on social charity when you were free to spend your time attending education instead of dedicating 100 % of your labour to providing for yourself as people in less developed nations do . 
  when your parents had the time to raise you because they live in a society that allows them the free time and inclination to do so . 
  - history is littered with people who did n't achieve greatness until after their death . 
  thus it is n't `` conjecture '' to say only the successful are talented , plenty of talented people never got a break because they were from the wrong class or culture but were later found to be geniuses . 
  equivocating ability and real life success is pure nonsense . 
  - `` it 's not unjust , it is the default nature of the universe and unchangeable '' this is an archetypal example of naturalistic fallacy , how arrogant of you to pertain to know the nature of the universe anyhow . 
  - i do n't think `` i '' should be the decision maker at all , i think social democracy governs that process , but i certainly believe someone should be making choices about wealth distribution . 
  i certainly do n't believe in some god-like magical invisible hand of capitalism that will make just or fair systems for people to prosper within . 
  - `` which is patently impossible . '', 
  pure conjecture , i and many others do n't believe it 's impossible to help at least some of the people some of the time . 
  - `` this is why you get criminals , drugs addicts , and the just plain stupid . 
  these are not people who simply `` had no chance '' or `` were n't given enough love '' . 
  recidivism , all too common in these groups , is a return to the exact deviant behavior following provision of said `` chance '' , `` care '' and `` attention '' . '', 
  again pure nonsense , it 's just your emotional bias manifesting justification for patently immoral beliefs . 
  what 's more you now live in the safest and wealthiest time to be alive in all history , and that was because of organised social movements , not the beneficence of capitalists . 
  i do n't believe all unfortunates are blameless , but you know what i believe a percentage are and percentage are n't , and percentage that are warrant giving a slice of your income so a state can exist and attempt to give support to people . 
  you however seems to be saying that all criminals , drug addicts and the feckless are there through entirely their own doing , which is utterly unrealistic nonsense . 
  finally , guess what , we do n't care about your ceiling being slightly harder to reach . 
  you 're perfectly analogous to a fat noble complaining he does n't have more caviar and champagne because he had to give a share of his food to people who were starving , you would rather people starve just so you could reach that caviar and champagne ceiling . 
  well guess what nobody cares about you being minorly held back when some people have nothing to eat . 
  it 's not like we do n't have millionaires and billionaires anyway , so you 'll just have to deal with slightly more uphill battle . 
  i happily support the state and pay taxes , and if you do n't pay the taxes i would happily and morally justifiably support the use of force to take away everything you own , remove all your freedoms and leave you with nothing , and since the state is de facto more powerful than the individual i guess you 'll just have to pay your taxes and deal with it . 
  you want to know the real reason why the rest of the world is so much less individualist ? 
  it 's because we remember our history . 
  america was born late in history when the concept of states were already highly developed , so you 're historically detached from before that time , you also defined yourself through escaping the state you were founded through . 
  the rest of the world is more familiar with concepts like serfdom and peasantry , we emancipated ourselves from that through the existences of democratic states , wrestling the power from oligarchs to held all the wealth , power and opportunity for themselves and shared nothing , and we know that to be natural order of things should the state be diminished . 
  america 's equivalent is the frontier period which is glorified by right wingers as a time when gold grew on trees and people shat rainbows , forgetting how far they 'd already come before that period on other shores . 
  i 'm sorry you 're too stupid to have a discussion with , and are just pedantically refusing to engage with what i said , sticking your fingers in your ears to try and defend your childish philosophy where the individual is the centre of everything . 
  the act of social charity was when most people willingly and some people unwilling created and paid for systems of taxation to allow for law enforcement . 
  you did n't pay for your own education with tax , people before you paid for you and now you pay for others . 
  so what if parents have a theoretical social responsibility to their kids ? 
  some people wo n't take responsibility , are the children also at fault ? 
  you pay taxes so these kids can have the chance to one day maybe make it into a decent job . 
  i ca n't understand a lot of what 's left , mostly just delusional ranting . 
  personally i think people like yourself should be given a slice of land left and build your anti-state utopia , then we can all laugh as your murder each other for food or get invaded by a tinpot dictatorship . 
  i 'm hardly a communist , i believe in moderate capitalism balanced by socialism . 
  as functions well in dozens of developed nations which while maybe not having astronauts on the moon , do n't have legions of homeless on the streets , ghettos like detroit and new orleans , and generally higher standards of living and higher levels of reported happiness . 
   one day , teachers will explain to the children of our world how the mental illness of statism was identified , diagnosed , and cured . 
  this type of prophetic statement makes me think you are actually suffering from a delusional psychotic episode . 
  i recommend getting yourself checked up . 
   good luck trying to force that system on the us . 
  you must not know too much about us over here across the pond . 
  this system already exists in the us and has done for hundred of yours despite the protestations of some ignorant right wing hicks .
