  the problem is that most people are n't looking at the bigger picture . 
  while the poorest classes in the uk actually did n't have it better off at the height of protectionism , when imported goods costed an arm and a leg and people made do with apples and potatoes because other things were `` out of season '' and therefore outside their price range , they certainly still felt more needed and valued . 
  their labour was necessary to the running of society , and their ability to leverage their labour against the wealthier classes was greater . 
  unskilled or low skilled workers feel disenfranchised because what they offer is not longer so necessary to the function of society and economy . 
  this impacts self esteem . 
  it also had massive impacts on goods that have scarcity restraints . 
  you can see this in the property markets . 
  while the opening of access to new international markets has certainly in a sense pushed down the price of building materials needed to build a house relative to the size of the economy , house prices have risen massively in the last 40 years . 
  this is because houses are confined by scarcity limitations . 
  there is only so much space for houses after all . 
  it becomes increasingly expensive to build in this environment . 
  both in the sense that adding housing in cramped urban areas is more expensive than simply building houses out in an open plot of land , but also that building further out from population centres comes with its own cost as you can not sell the house for as much . 
  it 's fine to say , import dried pasta from other countries , as we have unlimited resources to make pasta from . 
  if we buy it from romanians they 're happy because their pasta export industry thrives , we 're happy because we 're gigantic bags of penne for 50p , but because ca n't import cheap houses from romania , as we grow richer in some regards we grow poorer in others . 
  another factor is much of the new wealth that is being created by increasing degrees of globalism is n't being pushed down to the poorest parts of society . 
  if we 'd had higher rates of taxation , and more real money going to the poorest in society ( rather than to businesses that exploit them ) , then we would n't have such a problem . 
  sadly most people are n't going to be happy paying more tax for the `` greater good '' of society . 
  they 're going to think about number one and vote for their own interests . 
  sadly it 's still the case in the uk that political classes influence a great deal and are mostly upper and middle class . 
  wealthier people are far more likely to vote than the poorest sections of society . 
  so without the pushing of money downwards to keep the relative balance , we get growing wealth disparity . 
  the increasingly cheap cost of disposable goods with fewer scarcity restraints is also a danger factor . 
  if you can pay someone what is comparatively less , and because of the cheap cost of these items they can still easily feed themselves , buy the necessities of life , and get by , then it 's far easier for business to pressure workers to accept these lower wages . 
  the worker does n't feel the change so clearly because they 're still able to buy themselves plenty of stuff in the supermarket . 
  where the worker does feel however is in the price of things like rent and top end luxury items . 
  rent , because of what i 've already mentioned , has risen so that people pay a much larger percent of their income on it . 
  the price of luxury items increases because , as these things are mostly purchased by the rich , their primary market has relatively most money to spend on it . 
  this is why west london new just looks like an endless string of luxury boutiques and high fashion retailers . 
  people are n't stupid , even the less educated , and they 're going to start realising how things are changing eventually . 
  they 're going to start feeling bought off by cheap foods and gizmos made in china , while being denied their share of the things like housing . 
  then they 're in danger of lashing out at anything they feel is part of globalism , in this case the eu . 
  our failure to soften the impacts of globalism has led to the emergence of the alt-right , and protectionist left . 
  both position themselves against the centrists who they see as being pro-globalism . 
  personally i do n't believe in throwing money into industries to act as employment schemes , nor do i want protectionism , i want to embrace globalism but realise that the balanced has to be maintained . 
  the problem with that of course is that with globalism another problem is not having a unified tax system . 
  if one country raises taxes on the rich then the rich can simply move to another country with less tax . 
  ultimately i think this that means globalism inevitably means ever closer global integration , both economic and political . 
  i think the really core of the issue is this . 
  if you like your life , you 're doing ok , you have the means to get the essentials of life and sufficient recreation to feel you enjoy it , then those foreigners speaking in another language at the end of the road are n't such a concern . 
  however , if you are having a shitty time in life , you 're constantly short of cash and struggle to be happy , and you see the foreigners at the end of the road chatting away , laughing , spending money , there 's a real danger of feeling angry , like you deserve their position , as if your position in life has been stolen by the foreigners . 
  there 's also an element of nostalgia , older people especially , who are n't having a good time , but think back to when they were last happy , and if that last period of happiness also coincided with the presence of fewer foreigners , it 's quite natural for them to start thinking that the presence of foreigners is directly correlated with their diminished happiness . 
  personally i do n't think integration is such a huge issue . 
  i mean really what difference does it make to you if the foreigners down the road are living their lives in a foreign language . 
  people often confuse failure to integrate with anti-social behaviour , as if it were the case that should immigrants better integrate with british culture every one of them would suddenly stop engaging in anti-social behaviour . 
  personally , i think this is misguided , i do n't think there is much if any relationship to do with integration and anti-social behaviour . 
  yes , it probably is the case that those who engage in anti-social behaviour are more liable to fail to integrate , but both these are consequences of people being less intelligent , less educated , and from a less ethically minded segment of their own population . 
  forcing these people to integrate wo n't change the fact they are anti-social or liable to engage in criminal behaviour . 
  as an immigrant myself , british and living in germany , i feel that you can not blame first generation immigrants for failing to integrate completely . 
  trying to living in a country that speaks language you 're not fluent in can be a very lonely and distressing experience , you can feel incredibly powerless , it 's a huge barrier to finding information , socialising , and functioning in society generally . 
  you ca n't blame people for finding solace in the company of those who speak their language , understand their culture , are undergoing an experience similar to their own . 
  this is totally natural , and massively beneficial when it comes to things like finding work and being happy . 
  the danger is when you do n't challenge yourself to leave this bubble of your own culture and language , and thus never move towards a greater degree of integration . 
  however , how much someone can afford to do this restricted . 
  if you move abroad when you 're young and childless , and if you 're working a job that pays a decent salary for the country you live in , then you have the luxury of being able to devote time to practising the language , you have the time and money attend language classes or hire a tutor . 
  however , if you 're raising a family , sending money home to your parents , and working a job that pays very little relative to the cost of living in the country in which you live , then naturally these people find it much harder to take time out to work on their integration . 
  many will simply integrate just enough for them to work , but after that point it 's simply not necessary for survival , and survival is the mentality of the people in these tough circumstances . 
  so to sum up , i do n't think integration is as important as people on the anti-immigration side of the argument hold it to be . 
  it 's biggest benefit is that it placates racists and anti-immigration people who feel they are somehow in danger of `` losing their culture '' ( as if such a thing were possible ) . 
  as long as that person is integrated enough to survive , what does it matter if they are n't becoming fluent in the language or ca n't tell you the history of the country they 're living in . 
  integration can be good for increasing the opportunities of migrant populations though , so there are other reasons to encourage it . 
  the primary factor in determining whether someone will integrate is financial , if someone is rich enough to afford to devote time in integrating they 're much more likely to do it . 
  the farage-esque notion of immigrants too lazy to learn the language / culture is somewhat of a myth . 
  people different in their degree of opportunity to integrate due to financial constraints . 
  of course there are other factors , older people tend to struggle to pick up languages as readily as younger people , people working in say retail will need to learn more to survive than , say , someone working as a fruit picker . 
  there 's also the factor of mentality , i 've found people who are posted to a country for work with the intention of working there for a few years to further their career and raise their salary tend to be less inclined to learn than people who come over due to a fascination with the culture or the intention of remaining there a long time if not forever . 
  amongst british immigrants in germany there 's a huge disparity in motivation to learn , in my experience most do learn german , but learn it slower than say someone who 's arrived from croatia with a long term goal of making a better life here . 
  poor uk ca n't catch a break lately :(, 
  i see this fallacy way too often . 
  it 's all well and good to have a laugh at rich people 's expense . 
  bankers worried about losing their job , the banks not doing as well , and at rich property owners not getting the absurd rate of appreciation of their property they 've been accustomed to . 
  however , it 's an attitude that fundamentally misunderstands the economy , a system so interlinked that taking a single card away will cause all the others to fall . 
  up until recently the banks have lent on the premise that there was n't going to be a massive political upheaval . 
  if the climate suddenly take a turn for worse it can put pressure on them . 
  pressure on the banks means less money for businesses , even small and medium sized businesses , without this money available to them they will do less business , if they do less business or expand slower they will either fire people or hire fewer people . 
  this way the impacts trickle down to the ordinary folk , when unemployment rises people become cautious , less money going to businesses as people hang on to their money means they do less business and therefore fire more people , it 's a vicious cycle . 
  you just seem angry that people think brexit is utterly stupid and are dismissive of it . 
  just because `` we are leaving '' does n't mean i need feel optimistic about our prospects one bit . 
  being hopeful is n't going to improve anything . 
  it 's much better to moan like hell and hopefully this will pressure politicians to maintain a more integrated relationship with europe . 
  in a real emergency i 'd imagine they 'd use even simpler language with far more detailed descriptions of where to find everything , as well as constantly double checking that the person has found the correct control by verifying what they see before they actually press anything . 
  i 'm also sure they 'd say things like `` find the knob labelled `` descent '' on the centre panel on the top row . 
  does the knob have the word `` descent '' d-e-s-c-e-n-t directly above it . 
  turn the dial labelled `` descent '' to 300 then pull . 
  does the display below the knob now show 300 ? '', 
  and so on , instead of relying on the person remembering if they should push or pull or where something is . 
  i mean really , the official atc guidelines on how to instruct someone to land a plane ca n't be simple or cautious enough , a total novice called upon to land an aircraft is hardly going to worry about being patronised . 
  the atc will also have detailed diagrams of how each model of plane looks , so they 'll be able to use that to ensure the person pressing the buttons is looking at exactly what they should be . 
  atc around the world must have procedures in case of a situation where both pilots are for some reason unable to fly the plane . 
  perhaps a terrorist has killed the pilots but then been restrained by the passengers , perhaps both pilots ate the fish and are now suffering comical symptoms that make them unable to fly , it does n't really matter why , it 's a situation that will have been prepared for . 
  ways i eat tuna :, 
  straight from the tin ( assuming it comes in olive or sunflower oil rather than brine ), 
  with some mayonnaise mixed into the tin , super quick snack and minimal washing up . 
  with some pasta . 
  just cook some pasta , mix in the tuna , add oil if the tuna is n't already in oil , and add tomato puree , season with salt and pepper . 
  mixed with noodles ( or what some call ramen ) . 
  in sandwiches , mix mayonnaise and tuna in bowl , salt + pepper , spread on sandwich base , add lids . 
  i 'll also add that worcestershire sauce universally improves tuna based dishes . 
  i do n't think it was meant to be an example of how to treat someone in an emergency situation , this is precisely why they have `` do not use for training purposes '' on the video . 
  it 's just meant to show you someone with little flight experience landing a plane with some help . 
  they probably want to be clear that it 's not an example of how to treat someone who really needs to land a plane in a life or death situation .
