  london is one of the toughest cities for tourists , i 'm just going to put that out there . 
  it 's not a normal place , there are n't any cities really like it . 
  most cities are a lot more centralised and logically laid out . 
  london is a sprawling mess . 
  if you look your hotel in the wrong part of london you can end up with nothing but offices and maybe the odd pub that closes at 11pm , and this might be a really central location . 
  it 's just the wrong part of the centre . 
  probably too late to worry about hotel locations . 
  this is because the central area of london is vast , and is broken down into multiple villages ( hub areas of activity ) . 
  when thinking about nightlife you should probably aim to hit up certain popular areas for the evening , and then get a taxi back in the evening . 
  to put this in perspective london has like x15 the population of amsterdam or something silly . 
  much of the public transport in london still shuts down at 11pm , so work your what your travel costs are and only take taxis when you have to , they are expensive . 
  the city is expensive , but it rewards those who know what they are doing and why they are doing it . 
  it 's just not a city that facilitates the meandering around like some cities do . 
  in berlin getting around is pretty damn easy , and most the sights are conveniently located , and there are cheap restaurants and bars all over so you do n't really need to plan anything . 
  london is n't like this . 
  you need to know what you 're doing ahead of time . 
  if you meander around you could end up in some grey soulless commercial area with a 3km walk to next point of interest . 
  if you just go into any old restaurant you could end up over paying for average food in a tourist trap , or being in an area where you best food option is some knock off fried chicken brand . 
  also there are tonnes of tourist traps in london , places where you 'll queue for an hour just to hand over a decent chunk of money . 
  these places are not rips offs per se . 
  there are n't that many con artists and gypsies like there is in paris for example . 
  and ultimately most the stuff the average tourist would be interested in are legitimate things that are usually worth a see , it 's not like prague where you get guides convincing you to go on tours which turn out to just be a crap excuse to bring you to their mate 's bar or restaurant . 
  london is generally pretty safe for places being as advertised . 
  however , the tourist trap element comes in because there are so many tourists around . 
  it 's very easy to end up spending over 40 quid and waiting over an hour to see something like madame tausaudes . 
  the waiting and the cost during peak hours really does make the experience less enjoyable , and trust it 's a far better experience when you go when it 's relatively empty and with a coupon for half price or something ( which is how local people would see it ) . 
  like many tourist sites , if your trip happens to be on a quiet day and you just nip in to see some sight for an hour it 's great , but if you spent hours waiting just to fork over cash you 'd probably be disappointed . 
  my advice to you is plan what you want to do ahead of time , and google the best way of doing everything , there are guides made my locals on everything on the cheapest and most efficient way of doing things . 
  if you just assume it 'll just work itself out then london tends to be a cruel city , and you 'll find unable to get what you want . 
  also avoid the heathrow express unless you 're rich , the tube runs the same route ( although less obviously signposted ) , and cost 1/4 the price ( but takes twice as long ) . 
  my favourite things in london that are touristy are probably the science museum + natural history museum , hampton court palace ( outside of london really but you can get the tube ) , british museum ( nice because it 's free so you can just look the main stuff and not feel like you have to see it all , it 's vast ) , it 's worth seeing westminster too . 
  however , when i 'm in london i do n't generally do tourist shit , i prefer just sitting in the parks with a beer or taking a stroll down the thames only to end up in some cosy pub with decent ale , you do n't always have to be hitting the big attractions . 
  it 's not common . 
  the whole philosophy is different . 
  in anywhere fancy if the portion is too large here then the chef has done a bad job . 
  a huge chunk of food is offensive to our europe sensibilities . 
  exceptions are made for fast food and american style chains though , and places that do serve insanely large portions usually facilitate take home bags or whatever . . 
  there is actually a reason for this if you 're curious . 
  entr\u00e9e in french used to mean a meat dish that came after the starter but before the main course proper . 
  in a similar way that italians will have a light starter with a salad or something , then a small pasta dish , then the actual main course , then dessert . 
  americans took the fact that entr\u00e9e is a meat dish to mean it was a main course . 
  later when the french stopped eating four course meals , entr\u00e9e came to mean the same as starter . 
  if you think brits do that , go live in europe and talk to some american ex-pats . 
  i told / u/curiously _ altoids to shotgun a monster energy drink in the airport ... he actually did it the absolute madman !, 
  / r/floridaman strikes again, 
  would you chuck a way a perfectly delicious meal just because of one hair ? 
  it 's a hair , not cancer . 
  as a reader i 've watched the whole thing knowing what would happen until recently , did n't affect my enjoyment of it in the slightest . 
  no worries . 
  some of the tubes do run later , they recently introduced it . 
  also there are night buses too , but getting night buses is confusing regardless which city you 're in ime , and in london it 's even worse . 
  i would assume the public transport will end at 11 unless you know otherwise . 
  i know some lines are being operated 24 hours now , but most are n't . 
  you 're going to want to get in a few all the standard stuff i imagine . 
  piccadily circus , oxford street , covent garden . 
  if you 're near piccadily circus i can recommend a restaurant if you 're a meat lover , called blacklock , only sells meat chops that are totally delicious . 
  another place i like is called lobster and burger , there 's one in harvey nichols in knightsbridge , but also more dotted around , which is nice if you want to eat reasonably quickly but want go food ( they only sell lobster and burger ) , both these places are about 20 pounds a head , which for london is pretty reasonable for a sit down meal , so that should give you an idea of what you 'll be paying . 
  in greenwich you 've got the royal observatory that is worth a look in . 
  however , you 're quite far east and south of the river . 
  you 're going spend a fair amount of time travelling west . 
  be warned a taxi from west london ( where many interesting things are ) , to greenwich wo n't be cheap , at least 35 quid i 'd guess . 
  uber is definitely an option you should consider because it tends to knock a bit off the price . 
  also certain areas not too far from you are n't the nicest parts of london , so you 'll want to avoid most places south of the river like peckham . 
  brixton has some interesting bit but it 's still pretty sketchy if you are off the beaten path . 
  if you like that kind of thing checking out portobello and camden locks might be worth it , they 're more colourful parts of the city . 
  you 're getting downvoted because what you 're saying is inaccurate actually . 
  noah webster removed the - u from colour . 
  the way it was used in the uk was because it was a word that came to english from french ( although in that period standardised spelling was n't a thing ) . 
  just because the word has a latin root does not make it a `` corruption '' . 
  french derived coleur from color , the english derived colour from color through coleur . 
  - or does have its roots in latin , putting it back into english was an alteration made by a guy who decided he needed to make english more latinate , because in those days people believe latin was a lofty and pure language of poetry and thought , and therefore was inherently superior . 
  `` colour '' was used in english from the 1300s onwards . 
  nobody put the - u into colour , ultimately , we say colour because that 's how the english language naturally came to spell it . 
  you say `` color '' because some dusty old academic decided english needed to be more like latin . 
  sorry to break that to you . 
  edit : the original english word for colour is hiw , which is how we got hue . 
  edit2 : if you want to get deeper into this , during the middle english period would have preferred `` colour '' because `` ou '' had its own unique pronunciation , and this was the sound used to pronounce colour . 
  `` color '' would 've simply have seemed wrong to many of them because it would n't accurately reflect the pronunciation . 
  it was only later during the early modern english period that `` color '' would 've become a more viable spelling . 
  shakespeare used both depending on how he felt at the time , but eventually settled on colour in his later works . 
  yeah , this is what annoys me . 
  people are obsessed with it being a surprise , only a small amount of the enjoyment comes from the surprise . 
  i 've been exposed to spoilers loads of times , and while i 'd prefer not to be , it wasnt this world ending terrible thing that meant i could n't enjoy it any more . 
  if it did reduce my enjoyment of something , it was only by a small amount . 
  for example , when the last harry potter book came out it was spoiled for me on a message board like before i could even get the book , but it barely affected anything , but the fact that so and so dies is n't really that big of a deal , it 's how and why that 's actually interesting . 
  ultimately , the internet loves to overreact when `` spoilers '' are involved . 
  in germany most people `` jaywalk '' i 'm afraid . 
  the biggest taboo here is crossing a pedestrian crossing while it 's red , if there 's no cross available then you 're good to go . 
  i think that was americans . 
  in fact once the us became independent it was open season on the natives whereas the british had respected their treaties and prevented certain indigenous nations being settled by the colonials . 
  yes , there was an attempt by redditors and other online people in the form of a petition which the uk government is obliged to discuss . 
  was there an attempt by the uk government or any official representative of the uk ? 
  this thread will not end well . 
  every language has its own internet language sphere . 
  there are hundreds of thousands of websites that are solely in spanish , french , german etc. 
  you can find forums in your language for virtually everything assuming your language is spoken by a few million people . 
  however the english language internet sphere is so vast , and produces so much more content , that you still need to learn english to get the most out of it . 
  also almost the best quality content is made in english ( even when it 's made in spain for example ) , because content producers know they 'll get a far bigger market for that content that way . 
  which is still better than the americans . 
  americans are more like frieslanders speaking dutch .
