   i 'm not interested in comparing to ` most of the world ' . 
  i want to be a winner . 
  so you 're saying that someone who is earning # 400,000 k a year and already has a net worth of # 20,000,000 in the uk is not a winner ? 
  even if that person could make 25 % more than that in the us , why would he bother when it would mean living in a country he 's unaccustomed to and leaving their home ? 
   no it 's absolutely not . 
  those are fuckin socialist states that charge 62 % income tax . 
  great for those who are lazy and like free handouts . 
  you could n't be further from the truth . 
  first off , there 's a reason why people call switzerland a `` tax haven '' , that 's because there is an absolutely minuscule rate of tax on capital gains in that country . 
  ever seen wolf of wallstreet ? 
  there 's a reason why di caprio 's character was moving his money to switzerland . 
  compared to switzerland it 's the us that is the socialist when it comes to taxing the extremely rich . 
  furthermore , in norway , even when you account for the incredibly high tax , the incredibly high cost of living , the average norwegian can still buy more stuff on his days off than the average american . 
  you 're seriously underestimating exactly how rich norway is per capita . 
  your experience is not the only one available . 
  at my university locke was one of the first things we studied , and that 's how most students were introduced to the inverted spectrum problem . 
  also british universities work completely differently from the us , as students arrive with a lot more knowledge about their field owing to the fact that they only study 4 subject in their penultimate school year and 3 subjects in the final year . 
  when they arrive at the university they are typically committed to studying one subject and will immediately jump into studying that specific subject in as much depth possible . 
  i know people in their mid 30s who are already incredibly rich and came from nothing . 
  banking has plenty of people who start with nothing and make it big trading or brokering or whatever . 
  likewise what percentage of the us is enjoying the benefits of this wealth ? 
  neither the uk or the us do very well in wealth equality . 
  the post tax median personal income of the us is n't vastly higher than that in the uk , and when you account for additional costs due no free health care , lack of public transport and so on it does n't work out much better . 
  she 's either a hardcore direct realist or , as is common with philosophy students , the actual study of philosophy led her to conclude it 's not worth the bloody effort . 
  the wavelength of light generally considered to be non-identical with your sensation of colour . 
  when you look at the red cup , you do n't seem to experience a light wave of the frequency band x - y , but rather than a sensory perception with a distinctive quality that you name `` red '' or `` redness '' if you like . 
  it 's this dichotomy between the objective thing as science describes it , and the sensation you experience when you perceive the thing , that the problem really gets to the heart of . 
  the problem is that the sensation you experience when having a `` red experience '' does n't seem to be anything like the thing science describes by testing the objective nature of light photons in a red frequency . 
  this leads to us believe that what you experience inside your mind when you see a thing is n't the raw light frequency , but rather a sensation that body creates which correlates with red light ( light within a red frequency band ) entering your eyes . 
  assuming this to be true , could it not be possible , assuming a your mind is a product of your material brain ( we 'll take that for granted ) , that when light of the the frequency x - y is shone into my eyes , i experience a certain perception a , which i call red ? 
  and that you , when light of the frequency x - y is shone into your eyes , have a perception b , which you call red ? 
  however , when light of the frequency range c - d is shone into my eyes , i experience a perception b , that is identical to or very similar to your perception b. 
  but when light of the frequency range c - d is shone into your eyes , you experience a perception a , that is identical or similar to my perception a. 
  all it would take is for our brains to be wired slightly differently , in the same way that you could make two electronic devices , one that gave the value 1 in the presence of red light , and the value 0 in the presence of blue light , and another device that gave the value 0 in the presence of red light , and the value 1 in the presence of blue light . 
  in this sense , yes , when light of frequency range x - y enters either of our eyes , we both make the exclamation `` i am seeing a red thing '' , however , the perception you have when you see a red thing is not the same perception that i have when i see a red thing , and in fact my perception of red is the same perception you have when you see a blue thing , and vice versa . 
  the clever ones do at least . 
  the rest are too busy throwing things at each other or making fart noises . 
  that argument is bullshit frankly . 
  the point of the question is to ask ourselves `` how do we know that we see the same colour '' , the response `` we probably do because we 're genetically similar '' , is n't really good enough to put the argument to bed . 
  gladly , for an in depth explanation of the problem [ check out my post here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4p3v98/people_who_know_a_compulsive_liar_what_ridiculous/d4ifewo ), 
  as for solutions there a lot of them , and i ca n't remember them all , but i can outline what do remember . 
  1 ) direct realism - direct realism is the belief that when you look at the red ball you really are , contrary to what many people think , experiencing the red light frequency i described in my previous post . 
  in this sense , the quality of `` redness '' that you perceive when looking is the same thing as the light waves . 
  if we take this point of view , then colour inversion is impossible since we are both directly experiencing the same objective property of the universe directly . 
  to understand the next argument i 'll have to introduce a concept called qualia . 
  qualia is the term philosophers call perceptual qualities such as `` redness '' , differentiated from the the objective thing `` red light '' , which would be defined as `` light waves within a frequency band x - y '' . 
  2 ) functionalism - qualia are properties of or arising from functional states . 
  this is rather complicated to go into , also bear in mind its been a long time since i was at university so i 've forgotten most it . 
  however , this solves the problem by basically saying that the qualia , `` redness '' , you experience is a property of your belief state of mind that says `` i can see a red thing '' . 
  the ultimate conclusion of this line of thought is that colour inversion is impossible , because provided that we both say `` i am seeing a red thing '' , since the `` redness '' qualia is a property of that belief state , then we must both be having the same qualitative subjective experience of the qualia `` redness '' because we both believe that we 're seeing something red . 
  3 ) representationalism - qualia are a property of , or identical with , some kind of mediating entity , that we perceive when red light enters our eyes . 
  that is to say that `` redness '' belongs to , or is , some kind of representation that our mind creates when we are around red light , so our whole lives we go around never really seeing red objects , but rather representations that our mind creates for us so that we are able to interact with the world in a way our mind can understand . 
  if this is the case , then it 's very much possible that my experience of redness is similar or the same as your experience of blueness , and that our experience of colour is inverted . 
  these are really just a few of the possible solutions that philosophers have tried . 
  also bear in mind that i 'm painting with very broad strokes here , and in reality there are dozens of variations , and each philosopher conceives of each variation slightly differently . 
  real problem is that each solution has its own set of strengths and weakness , and each solution just ends up with more seemingly irreconcilable problems . 
  what a philosopher ultimate concludes is usually to do with which theory he believes has the least bad problems , rather than there really being a solution . 
  if you ever study philosophy at a university level you 'll find it 's just endless layers of problems , we find a way to solve one problem , but it just creates a new one . 
  there 's no real answer to any of it . 
  god i hate those how to videos . 
  i 'll be looking for some advice using a certain tool in photoshop for example . 
  click the video , cue a long arse intro with a bunch of crappy music and flashy graphic , then a screen capture appears , and a squeaky voice with poor quality audio will say `` hi guys , today i 'll be explaining how to use the fill content feature in photoshop 6.0 , the first thing you 'll need to do is locate photoshop on your desktop , i keep mine on my taskbar so i can get to it easily , but you might need to look on your desktop or start menu ... ( skip the video ahead ) ... now we 've opened photoshop you 'll need to open an image to use the content fill feature on , i 've decided to go with a picture of a beach because it reminds of a holiday i went on with my family last year ... '', 
  skip towards the end of the video , the answer will be something like `` shift click '' . 
  come the revolution the people who make those videos will be first to the gulag . 
  i 'm british but i live in germany , i speak ok german but highly imperfectly ( never learnt it in school and picked it up during my time here ) , but i think there 's something you have to understand when it comes to other countries and languages which is , most people learn english for economic reasons . 
  if you are german most of the good jobs expect you have at least a decent knowledge of english , also the good schools and universities a good standard of english is practically expected . 
  yes , there are exceptions to this , i 've met well paid engineers in english lessons who are only just starting to learn english in their middle age , however , the fact that their companies are paying them to learn it shows just how much of an important skill it is in the german society . 
  english is a door opener , not just to the anglophone world , but to the world of international commerce where the lingua franca is english . 
  when germans do business in holland , they all speak english together , when they go to poland , they all speak english . 
  schools do teach english more successfully in many european countries , but a big reason for this is that knowing english is going to help those students in their post-school life far more than french or spanish will help british students . 
  this means the whole syllabus is focussed more around english , the parents approve of that , and more weight is given to their success in that subject once they 've left school . 
  english is virtually treated as a core subject in the same way that english and mathematics are in the uk , whereas in the uk , language are reached as an optional subject ( although taking at least one is usually mandatory ) , on the same level as something like history or geography . 
  it 's easy for us to talk about how terrible it is that other countries manage to master other tongues whereas the majority of english speakers go through life only speaking english , but i guarantee you that had the lingua franca of world commerce been french , the english would be learning french just as people learn english in most of europe , and it would be the french who were the lazy single language speakers ( although to be fair french ranks pretty poorly compared to its neighbours when it comes to english , and this is probably owing to the fact they have a similar arrogance as the english do regarding the superiority of their culture ) . 
  the important point , that i reckon a similar number of germans speak , say , spanish ( we wo n't use french since they share a land border ) , as english speak french . 
  much of it comes down to the perks and benefits knowledge of a language will provide you . 
  where 's your hadron collider ? 
  oh yes , switzerland !, 
  no it 's not , that wo n't work , otherwise there would n't be thousands of books and dissertations written on the subject . 
  if you want to understand why you can read [ my explanation here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4p3v98/people_who_know_a_compulsive_liar_what_ridiculous/d4ifewo?context=3 ) . 
  o7 long may she reign o7, 
  i think your perception is a bit warped . 
  english definitely is a lingua franca , at least , it 's the most lingua-est franca that 's ever existed in human history . 
  english is absolutely the first global business language . 
  french was the lingua franca before , and latin before that , that but it was mostly restricted to european cultures . 
  if english is n't a lingua franca , then such a thing has never existed in the history of mankind . 
  furthermore , asia is certainly more interested in learning english than the rest of the world is in learning their languages , given the huge demand for english teachers in most asian countries and the visas they 're willing to give out to english speakers to get them there . 
  finally , i think you 're being a bit unfair on tourists . 
  i do n't think you can expect tourists to learn anything more than a few words and phrases , because ultimately they 're just there for a holiday . 
  i do n't think it 's remotely cringey that british or american tourists expect service in english in japan . 
  i think what 's more indicative of a cultures ignorance , is how they react when tourists arrive in their own country with a limited grasp of the language . 
  fact is that most of the eu is set up to deal with english / french / german / spanish speakers , all the major languages , whereas if you go to england and speak german with people then you 're not going to get very far at all outside maybe some very busy tourist hubs where they 'll drag out the one employee with a mediocre grasp of german just for you . 
  if the japanese are no good at facilitating english speakers then its more indicative of their own ignorance than of the tourists ' ignorance , just as the british 's inability to facilitate foreign language speaking tourists in the uk is indicative of ours . 
  no worries , if you 're in knowing more you might want to look up the argument from hallucination , since that 's a crucial part of the debate . 
  sorry , i should have specified a `` large '' hardon collider ^ ^ the small ones do n't count !, 
  you mean you use german for for business exclusively when you 're doing business with germans right xd ? 
  i do n't think you 'd get far doing business in german in the us !, 
  it 's funny because i did a little experiment when i went to holland and ordered one or two things in german , just stuff like `` ich h\u00e4tte gerne eine kleine pommes '' , nothing too long or i 'd give away my real nationality , and people did n't look happy !, 
  then again that might be due to them thinking `` does this stupid englander not know we speak dutch here ? '', 
  or because they were foreigners themselves and did n't know german . 
  you have a rich culture of worshipping a dead dutchman i hear :p,
