  to which the smaller party replies `` yes i would '' . 
  however despite the larger party acting in entirely non-threatening and respectful fashion the smaller party feels as if they are somehow obligated to have sex , they fear what would happen if they decline despite there being no real grounds for this , consequently they do n't enjoy or truly want the sexual intercourse but go through with it anyway . 
  at no point do they indicate that they are not enjoying it or not wanting to be doing it . 
  afterwards they go away feeling as if they have been raped because they have had sex without truly wanting to do so . 
  the larger obviously had no intent to rape and could not reasonably be expected to know the other party did not want to go through with the act . 
  my point is just that this is n't just the lack of intent but actually the act of rape has not occurred , because rape is penetration without consent and in this case consent has been given despite the feelings of the penetrated party . 
  it 's not surprising that one party might go away and `` feel raped '' by this situation , but the fact remains that it 's not rape because consent was given . 
  as far as i am concerned consent is the appearance of consent without real tangible grounds for this act of consenting to be invalidated , the validity of the consent does not in any sense hinge upon the internal experience of the party of whom consent is required . 
  you may not agree with this and i would honestly like to hear your opinion , but this is my opinion on the matter , i assume you are a law student of sorts so it would be interesting to know what you think . 
  edited : clarity, 
  edit2 : i 'll also add that what you say '' that a woman can be raped but the man can have not raped her '' is false . 
  what can happen is that the act of rape can occur without the intention of any party to rape , and my further point is that imo whether this occurs or not is completely independent of how any party feels or experiences it . 
  what ? 
  i 'm not denying that . 
  if the passive partner is intoxicated beyond the ability to consent then the act of rape has by necessity occurred , whether the active partner can be found guilty of rape depends on whether the active partner could reasonably be expected to be aware of the passive partners intoxication and consequent inability to consent . 
  there are plenty of ways the act of rape can occur without there being an intent to rape . 
  what i 've explained in depth [ here ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/3g8xcy/nsfw_what_is_one_thing_you_hope_your_parents/ctww63h?context=3 ) however is why the perception of the party ( whether the party feels raped ) , is actually irrelevant to whether the act of rape has occurred . 
  in short , why i believe that consent does not depend on how a party feels either at the time or afterwards , but on the actions of the passive party and whether there are any reasons to invalidate those actions . 
  thank mr skeltal . 
  one upboat = one doot, 
  fair enough . 
  in common law things tend to be functional but theoretically hard to pin down . 
  i still personally think that it 's mad that we live in a world in which telling someone they have n't been raped is considered detracting from their experience , rape to me is a crime , or at very least the act the crime would require even if it was done without intent . 
  the basis of the notion that it 's harmful to tell someone somehow traumatised by a sexual experience that they have n't undergone a rape seems to be to do with language rather than logical , a word like rape has a certain emotionally validating power to make someone feel like their private experience is more genuine and that society is more sympathetic to their cause . 
  there 's nothing wrong with the emotional validation imo but personally i do n't think ideally it should depend on a word that is also the official name of a serious crime . 
  it differs from country to country , from what i 've seen in germany english is required and other languages can be taken additionally at a certain age . 
  i think some eastern european countries german is put on par with english as a 2nd language due to proximity , but most people learn both . 
  in my school everyone had to do french , people took german if they liked languages , it was n't an either/or situation . 
  what you 're describing does sound silly , as if german were infinitely more difficult than french . 
  that 's really irrelevant , germans are happy to call them emails and not courier or whatever the french are meant to call them , but that language is hardly turning into english . 
  depends what you mean by tense , some linguistics say english only has two , past and no-past . 
  stuff like `` i will go '' is considered a modality not a tense . 
  anyway , one thing english and mandarin have in common is they swing towards the analytic language , prepositions do more work than more synthetic languages . 
  mixing french ( or words of french origin ) into english was actually considered one of the most bad taste things you could do in aristocratic society . 
  though it was common for aristos to speak french , french was french and english was english and never the twain shall meet . 
  more english words are similar to german actually . 
  the french love driving to spain , they have a real holiday romance going on . 
  also the british love flying to spain for holidays , that 's why it 's there . 
  nothing to do with laziness , what a silly idea . 
  sprache !, 
  in the south east the second most popular foreign language is bayerisch, 
  the consonants and the lack of fluidity in the language . 
  the french have their elision , everything runs together , english has a similar quality , especially british english . 
  also the - ch sound as in words like noch and nach . 
  the - r can be a little harder than french . 
  meh , as someone who speak german it does have some harsh qualities , although that does n't make it a `` harsh language '' . 
  yet still more english words are germanic than french or latin . 
  bring , run , sing , house are n't considered loan words in english , because english is a germanic language . 
  they were never loaned in the first place they just diverged . 
  i do n't think it 's odd . 
  i think that there 's a good chance that the uk would have picked german is there was n't the old prejudices going back to ww2 . 
  ireland is just like the uk except they do n't have these prejudices to such a degree . 
  also when we 're talking 2nd most popular foreign languages there probably only a few percent in it , i 'm sure spanish is relatively popular in ireland . 
  it 's a different kind of immigration . 
  most of the people moving to spain are old , working class pensioners looking for a way to make their money stretch out longer and avoid the bad british weather . 
  old people without higher education do n't tend to be keen on learning new languages , at least not beyond what they need day to day . 
  i bet if you compared these british expats with the ones living in france the french ones would be much better , since they tend to be middle class and middle aged and in love with the culture . 
  lol i do n't see anyone speaking amurican, 
  / r/goodlongposts, 
  living in europe has made me see how crap the uk scene generally is . 
  here in germany they really know how to make the most of the experience . 
  i was in a super swanky club in munich recently and it was awesome . 
  a vodka and coke ( no measurements so a decent quantity of vodka ) was about 6 euros . 
  you could even buy a bottle for your table for like 50 euros ( probably only just over double what it costs ) . 
  the doormen were all just regular guys , no moody bastards dressed all in black . 
  there was no dress code . 
  there was no pretentious trying to make it feel exclusive or that you were `` lucky '' to be allowed inside such a venue . 
  the only way you 'd get kicked back is by appearing too drunk . 
  it was all very relaxed but it all worked without problems , no moodiness or people falling about causing trouble . 
  it just all seemed to work . 
  what 's more the d\u00e9cor and lighting was awesome and tasteful , none of this neon edgy shit you see in the uk . 
  10 euros to get in was totally worth it , especially given the building it was in is prime local real estate and around building worth 10s of millions . 
  it seems to me that in europe generally , and this goes for bars and restaurants as well , they just have a talent for doing more with less . 
  it makes the bars and nightclubs into places where you actually want to be rather than a chore you frequent because there 's nothing else to do at that hour . 
  milliard !, 
  beer in a off licence 90p , beer in a pub # 3.50 ( in the south outside of london ) . 
  big bottle vodka in german supermarket 22 euros ( maybe a little less , it was 1l good vodka anyway ) , same in club 50 euros . 
  that 's not a bad deal a all , you 're getting ripped off worse at your local , even if you live in the north . 
  compare it to london where you might pay for each 25ml separately and end up paying over # 100 for one bottle . 
  i 'll always remember this classic :, 
  hanson : i bet i 'm not the surprise you expected *, 
  paedophile : you 're exactly the surprise i expected ... 
  whenever i see it i have expected him to follow up with `` i did n't come here looking for no little boys , i came here looking for a man 's butt ... '', 
  alright calm down :p, 
  nope , that 's english , not amurican cos americans all speak the language of their colonial master nation . 
  bloody everywhere else bar america-ians !, 
  in civil court oo ? 
  if there 's grass on the wicket , let 's play cricket * ( thickets make poor cricket pitches ), 
  do n't know if that would work , i do n't think it would work in my country , you 'd not just have to show that they gave it you , but that they had an intent to give it you or were somehow as least negligent in not telling you . 
  in my country a famous singer was 2 years probation for wilfully endangering partners by failing to disclose her hiv status , however here intent can consist of doing something knowing it could endanger someone and not caring , it does n't require that you actively try to do that , that might not be sufficient elsewhere . 
  furthermore believe the rule here is that deliberately trying to infect someone or having unprotected sex while failing disclose when you are yourself aware of your illness is a crime , and that a civil case would require proving such a fact , then there can not be a civil case without there first being a criminal case . 
  you can hear his native london coming through when he 's mad . 
  again rape is a crime , you ca n't claim compensation for rape without proving someone committed rape . 
  accent . 
  fyi idea only sounds like that ( at least to you ) when the next word is followed by a vowel or begins with an - r. it 's called an intrusive / linking - r and it happens to british people because they speak in a flowing way that does n't allow for stops between words . 
  americans leave big stops in comparison , which makes them sound a bit german . 
  this needs a final panel with england trying to make scotland float but he 's only shouting haggis . . haggis . . freedom and the uk is like `` it 's not working !, 
  well the modern american accent was very much influenced by german , along with french and dutch . 
  me likes what you say therrre boyo !, 
  give me a good pc with internet , my battle.net and steam accounts and i 'd do solitary confinement over the mainstream prison population any day !,
