  if in 2020 we 're in a shitty place economically with a weak pound , reduced gdp , higher unemployment etc , those figures will eventually start to become less severe , because markets will adapt to new economic conditions and those problems will start to be redressed . 
  it all depends on what you mean by problem . 
  if you mean that in 2030 the uk might be falling behind the major eu economies in metrics like gdp per capita , purchasing power , standard of living ; that it will hold a weaker economic position than what we would 've expected had the uk stayed in the eu , then , yes , there will a long term `` problem '' . 
  the problem with any big choice like this is that we 'll be looking at everything counterfactually . 
  if the 2030 uk economy is in the pits , there 'll be no way of saying for certain what would 've been the case otherwise . 
  even if there is strong evidence that it was brexit that led to that situation , there will always be someone with a political agenda naysaying it . 
  it 's ultimately such a matter of interpretation . 
  for example , if brexit leads to huge tariffs on the uk 's energy bill , and in 2021 there is an energy crisis , and the economy is hurting from high energy prices , what do we blame for our suffering economy ? 
  the eu energy tariffs ? 
  our own government for no foreseeing this and investing more in energy infrastructure ahead of time ? 
  ultimately , whether future economic problems with the uk economy are seen as a result of brexit will be determined by whoever controls the political narrative , and not by the data . 
   they happen because of bad administration , profiteering , lack of education , etc. 
  but not poor funding . 
  that 's what you said . 
  anyway , that 's not really the point . 
  the point is that you 're wilfully ignoring the clear and undeniable relationship between economic prosperity , quality of life , and things like child death etc. 
  ok , but my point is does n't take an economic disaster for these things to happen . 
  like i said before . 
  when the price of food goes up relative to median earnings and benefits even just by a few percent , that 's a few more malnourished children the nhs will have to deal with , when the cost of heating goes up relative the state pension , that 's a few more dead pensioners on our hands this year , when the price of petrol increases that one more unemployed person unable to take that job that 's now just a little too far away to be financially viable . 
  it 's not mysterious how this relationship works at all , so brushing off a `` minor recession '' or `` slow down '' , even if that 's all brexit turns out to cause , is still callous thing to do just because you 've `` got yours '' . 
  bidialectical is what it 's called . 
  it 's not actually that uncommon , especially amongst those who moved around as children . 
  in fact i 'd say that most people that speak anything but their national prestige dialect are bidialectal to a degree , as they will usually be able to shift their accent to something closer to the perceived `` standard '' in different contexts , it 's merely that when you 're dealing with people who travelled between countries and places with very stark phonetic difference , and even a different perceived standard , that it sometimes becomes vastly more pronounced , sometimes to the point of that person being able to pass for local in either accent . 
  it makes sense really . 
  if you move from birmingham to london you can simply tone the accent by shifting it closer to rp and nobody will bat an eye , you 'll still sound brummie to londoners , but be easily understood , when you go back to birmingham that accent will probably come out more , even if you sound a bit posher to their ears . 
  if you move to the us though you ca n't simply shift your accent closer to general american without sounding like you grew up in the middle of the atlantic ocean , to an all or nothing approach probably works better . 
  either adopting an american accent or nothing at all . 
  the thing is that words are exclusively british or american anyway . 
  what 's even more common is one country 's penchant for word will bring it back from almost total disuse in another country . 
  this seems to happening in the us at the moment quite a lot , british media is breathing new life into words that were previously unpopular there . 
  british english went through a similar process in the early to mid 20th century . 
  everyday words we take for granted were actually out of use at this time , words like `` a while '' to mean a unit of time . 
  maybe if you 're a brexiteer in denial you 'd think that . 
  in reality it 's just the cold hard facts of capitalism , when the economy performs worse than before people suffer in very real and tangible ways . 
  i left during the boom times , the advice was `` do whatever you want , you can achieve anything '' , followed by `` go to the best university you can , unless you 've got a specific career in mind subject does n't matter '' . 
  back then however it was true that if you had a 2:1 from a halfway decent university lots of companies were hiring and you 'd get straight in there . 
  back then companies were constantly hiring simply because they feared their competitors would out grow them , so needed to take a constant supply of `` raw talent '' . 
  sadly that all ended in 2007 . 
  looking back , those of us with only `` decent '' grades ( b 's and c 's and stuff ) should have just been much for more willing to sacrifice the brand name university for subjects with a solid career path after them . 
  out of the eu it will not be like that though . 
  acting like there will be some radical shift to the left as an outcome of brexit and it 'll end up with a socialist utopia albeit outside the eu is just unrealistic . 
  most of the uk does not want a radical shift to the left . 
  in fact the vast majority were pretty happy with the status quo until brexit . 
  where did i say i blame every single death on it . 
  we can statistically account for anything . 
  however , you can see clear changes in metrics like child death whenever there is a negative economic change , and we can get enough data to strongly suggest that economic change is what has caused the change in the other metrics . 
  normally negative economic impact is unavoidable , as it is usually encountered while trying to take the best course of action for the economy . 
  however , normally people do n't vote against their own economy because they 're sound and rational people that understand and acknowledge this relationship . 
  i do n't know why you , if you 're not a leaver , want to defend brexit just because it 's a `` large decision '' . 
  it is only right and fair that every single negative ramification that follows from brexit should be on the conscience of every single fool who voted leave . 
  when poverty increases in the next few years , and people suffer and die for it , the blood should be on the hands of the brexiteers . 
  the mentality in the uk is starting to remind me more and more of children , the kind of children who act against the government pure to show they can but then expect to be sheltered from the consequences by that government , so they can go on acting up , blaming others , and not taking responsibility for their actions . 
  well we just voted to remove our greatest safeguard against that , so i do n't see how . 
  with no real opposition to the tories they can do what they like , all their nasty little policies that they 'd have loved to have implemented before , but could n't because of eu legislation or because it would lose them support are going to come out of the woodwork . 
  yes , we can do damage limitation , but that 's about all i see as realistic right now . 
  hell , just to keep our economy competitive i imagine we 're going to see massive deregulation if may forces a hard brexit upon us . 
  this was always what brexit meant and what the british people voted for , even if many were too foolish to realise it . 
   and somehow , do n't think you sound like the daily mail accusing remainers or pro-immigration individuals of being complicit in every sex attack carried out by an immigrant . 
  no , because when an immigrant commits a crime its perfectly irrational to blame other immigrants who did n't commit that crime , those other people were no part of it . 
  however brexit is the result of a referendum , and every single person voted for brexit is complicit in that happening . 
  when people tick that leave box they ceases to be able to portray themselves as hapless victims at the hands of a bad government , and start having to shoulder responsibility for the consequences of what they voted for . 
  so yes , if the nhs gets privatised in the coming years due to being no longer affordable in a post brexit market and people are left without cover and die , it 's on their hands . 
  that 's not how this works at all . 
  you are demonstrating some of the most popular myths going around . 
   ceta and ttip give companies the right to sue governments for loss of future profits, 
  companies already have that power . 
  so this is clearly not what ceta and ttip are about . 
  also , being able to sue governments is not a loss of sovereignty . 
  just because a government can be sued does not mean it has lost sovereignty . 
  loss of sovereignty only occurs when some other power has a constitutional or de facto ability to overrule what was previously sovereign power . 
  loss of sovereignty never occurred in the eu because it was essentially rule by consent . 
  the british parliament could at any time turn around and tell the eu to sling its hook , close the border and move on . 
  that would be terrible for britain both politically and economically but it was always within its power . 
  article 50 is essentially a formality in real terms , but obviously things will be much better if you leave the eu officially and untangle all the legal issues than if you just declare yourself out one day . 
  neither ceta or ttip would entail a lack of sovereignty because again is a matter of consent . 
  multiple sovereign nations agree to play by these rules wilfully , and can stop at any moment if they so desire , and while the consequences of leaving such agreement may at times be severe , that 's only because you 're losing something that was never yours in the first place , such as the right the trade freely in another country , and not an affront to sovereignty . 
  what ceta and ttip is set a framework whereby the companies can seek reimbursement if governments legislate in a way that unfairly benefits local interests at the expense of foreign interests , running against the principles of a free trade area , wherein all companies should be able to compete on equal terms . 
  lots of people have rushed to suggest that this automatically implies a race to the bottom . 
  they think that us companies selling , say , corn , which use gm and fertilisers that are illegal to use on food consumed by humans within the eu will be able to sue our governments and force them to relax health safety laws so they can peddle their product . 
  this is completely untrue , and not remotely what the ttip and ceta agreement is for . 
  in the former example , us farmers are free to produce their product to the high standard eu regulation demands , and sell it freely in the eu the same as if it came from within it , free market principles are upheld , and there is no case to `` sue '' the government . 
  what would actually have to happen is that country like italy would have to relax legislation in regard to its own farmers , while still insisting that us farmers met the higher standard . 
  this would go against free market principles as it would essentially be giving a home side advantage . 
  currently many trade deals with countries outside the eu look like this . 
  they are protective of local industries and do n't provide a level playing field , this means higher prices in shops in supermarkets , but props up local industries . 
  within the eu there is a very similar mechanism to stop countries unfairly advantaging their own industries at the expense of overseas industry . 
  however , the eu is a much more powerful bigger deal because it pools sovereignty and actually ensures regulatory equivalency across all members . 
  ceta and ttip are not agreements of this kind , where regulatory equivalency is enforced by an institution of pooled sovereignty , all they attempt to ensure is that free market principles used by governments when legislating so us farmers can sell corn just as readily as british farmers or polish farmers , but only within the eu regulatory framework . 
  why is free trade a good thing ? 
  because ultimately it 's a far more efficient way of functioning than as bunch of fragmented imbalanced economies each trying to profit at the expense of the system . 
  free trade typically brings greater purchasing power across all the countries that join it , as industry goes where it can be most efficient and not simply where it happens to exist . 
  yes , that does mean economic change , factory jobs in the uk might go to poland for example , but this goes both ways , as high tech industry jobs in poland may move to the uk . 
  typically richer nations like the uk do well out of free trade agreements . 
  this means more food is produced where it is cheapest to produce , and the price goes down , if you live in the uk you 'll be earning uk salary but paying more like us prices for food . 
  it simply makes sense for the world to work this way . 
  are there problems with ceta and ttip that mean we should be cautious of them ? 
  yes , of course , but most of the rhetoric being thrown around is nonsense . 
  lots of lies being told that are no better than conspiracy theories ( much like the brexiteer conspiracy that the eu was going to try and secretly federalise us without our consent ) . 
  people saying stuff like `` with ttip the us can sue us if we do n't buy their food '' are just silly and reductive . 
  so much of it is fuelled by knee-jerk anti-globalism and myopic protectionism .
