  noah webster , on the other hand , was one of these types who preferred the - or spelling , because he was a scholar and probably idolised roman culture and the language of latin , as many scholars did back then . 
  therefore he made a conscious effort to change the official spelling to the one he preferred . 
  this goes for many differences between british and american spelling . 
  most of the british ones reflect the english tradition , the american ones reflect noah webster 's attempt to make the language better as he personally saw fit on the basis of the academic fads of the era . 
  this is also true of - re vs - er . 
  - re is the traditional english spelling , - er is what noah webster went with probably because he noticed that the way people of that era spoke no longer reflected any phonetic difference between the suffixes - er and - re . 
  what 's interesting is that many of his changes failed to stick , and reverted back to the traditional spellings , but the differences we have left are what stuck . 
  the only thing that britons might really have wrong etymologically speaking though is the use of the suffix - ise over - ize . 
  i believe - ize is the more original , older , and etymologically accurate one , because these words tend to be latin words often entering english much later during the renaissance . 
  they were then later frenchified due to a trend , and eventually in the 20th century the - ise spelling became standard in the uk . 
  that said , america fucked it up by applying the - z rule to words like `` analyze '' which do n't have that etymology . 
  most british dictionaries recognise the validity of - ize , and some even recommend it over - ise , although they have to acknowledge that in the uk - ise has now won out , whilst a hundred years ago the usage of both was fairly common . 
  yeah , that never actually happened . 
  yeah , british english actually allows - ize , at least if you follow the oxford dictionary standard . 
  the other americanism can do one though . 
  he sounds like an arabic guy , the most optimistic men on the internet when it comes to women . 
  in my experience , and i 'd wager this goes for most languages . 
  how accurately it 's `` normal '' to say place names in native fashion depends on how normal it is for people to say those names correctly amongst the community of speakers . 
  obviously , natives know what is the normal way to pronounce a foreign place name , however , as a foreigner that 's what you probably struggle with know . 
  however , which pronunciations will be considered normal , and for which places , are n't random factors , and if you take those into account you 'll have a better chance of not sounding strange . 
  the first thing you want to check is if that place has a different name in the language you 're speaking in . 
  i 'm pretty sure when i first spoke german i referred to rome as roma many times , and nobody had the heart to correct me . 
  a major thing you have to take into account is the phonetics of those place names too . 
  if the word contains phonetics that do not exist in the language you 're speaking , then they 're probably not commonly pronounced with the phonetics you , as a native speaker , would use . 
  i mean your phonetic rendering of arizona looks nothing like what i 'd say / \u02cca\u0279.\u026a\u02c8z\u0259\u028a.n\u0259 / , and saying it your way feels unnatural and forced , and i speak the same language as you do . 
  saying the place name naturally in that language is a matter of reconstructing the word phonetically , and then maybe altering slightly to make it more accurate to the native pronunciation , without forcing it too hard . 
  for example , if i were saying the place name `` seattle '' in german , a word consisting of phonemes that mostly have equivalents in german , i would not just say it exactly how i 'd say it in english , but rather reconstruct the sounds using the exact german phonemes i 've been using for the rest of the sentence . 
  i 'm not going to completely anglicise the sound of the word without need . 
  that said , i 'm not going to voice the initial consonant just because some germans struggle to say the unvoiced version . 
  that 's just crazy , the - s is still soft . 
  so generally the rule of thumb i think is do n't just change your accent entirely for each and everyone english loan word or name . 
  when german has an equivalent phoneme pronounce that phoneme as you would when speaking german , not english . 
  however , when coming to a phoneme that does n't exist in german but that you know you can say do n't deliberately mispronounce it , that 's somewhat insulting to anyone of reasonable intelligence . 
  there is no need for you to start pronouncing arizona with a / t\u0361s / , but there 's no real need to bring in diphthongs like / e\u026a\u032f / and / o\u028a / when / \u00e4 / and / o / are perfectly good representations of those letters . 
  i mean you would n't correct me saying / a\u0279.\u026a\u02c8z\u0259\u028a.n\u0259 / would you , because i speak with a totally different accent from you . 
  to put this really simply , pronounce the word in a german accent but do n't deliberately say it wrong . 
  this is exactly what educated germans who speak fluent english do when dealing with english loan words and names in german . 
  nobody wants to be that guy who changes his accent for every foreign place name or whatever , but do n't try to get away making mistakes that only germans should be making . 
  sure there will be exceptions , like how americans insist on saying cruh - sant , when quason is a perfectly easy thing for them to pronounce and far more reflective of the actual french . 
  also like how english speaker almost all say budapest as it 's written when it 's actually pronounced more like budapesht , which is something all english speakers can say , but it just sounds weird if someone says it , but follow these rules and you 'll sound natural most the time . 
  which ones were they ? 
  i do n't know of any . 
  to err is human . 
  i do n't believe you 're scottish , the guy was from northern england , a true scot would certainly know the difference . 
  i blame that silly linguistic foible of american english for all the drowned tortoises in history . 
  i do n't live in the uk anymore but i can still tell an lancasterian from a scot !, 
  shame !, 
  shame !, 
  yes , you 're no good for guarding the border country if you ca n't tell the difference between a true scot and an english pretender . 
  in my opinion the best situation 10 years from now is britain rejoining the eu cap in hand and apologetic after realising that asking the british population about important political questions directly is not a wise choice . 
  you 're failing to understand the point . 
  the normans conquered england , they brought their french spellings with them . 
  the english spelling do n't `` imitate '' french , they are words that entered english as french loan words in that form . 
  later americans imitated latin , and anglicised the language by making it more dissimilar from french . 
  my advice would be to not worry too much about the gender , that takes time ( keep learning them obviously ) , but focus on using the right case for the job . 
  it does take time to get the adjectives correct , but eventually you will just hear it . 
  i memorised the chart ages ago , but getting it mostly right took time to associated the sounds in my mind . 
  in fact , now i ca n't even remember the chart , but i naturally know which one is needed because i 've internalised the natural logic of it . 
  the natural logic of it is basically that it 's designed to avoid repetition . 
  at some point in a phrase you need to mark which case you are using . 
  compare :, 
  now this sentence might be a bit silly , he stands on the/a new house , and not all version might sound entirely correct , but ignore that for now . 
  the point i 'm trying to show you is that usually what we 're doing is marking the dative case with - m one time . 
  once that is done there 's no need to keep marking it according to german logic . 
  just by following the logic of, 
  - if the word 's case and gender has already been marked with the standard marker ( derived from the definite article form , der , die , das , dem etc. ), 
  then what follows must take - en , you can get it right a lot of the time . 
  there are of course exceptions , but it 's much easier to remember a system with a few exceptions , than learn a seemingly arbitrary amount of data . 
  as long as you know the table for the definite article of by heart , then you know how a case/gender combination is marked . 
  then you must learn the exceptions as follows :, 
  following the definite article / der words ( weak inflection ) , adjectives for nominative and accusative take - e instead of - en in femine , and neuter , for masculine only the nominative takes - e . the plural is unaffected , everything else takes - en . 
  following ein / ein words ( mixed inflection ) , words which use `` ein '' ( without an ending / the unmarked form ) as their indefinite article consequently require the case/gender marked on their adjectives . 
  ( the words which use ein without an ending are masculine and neuter , both nominative and accusative ) . 
  note how all the other forms of `` ein '' mark their case with an ending except these ones . 
  following ein / ein words ( mixed inflection ) the feminine adjectives take - e rather than - en , in exactly the same way they did in the weak inflection . 
  following no article ( strong inflection ) , all cases are marked . 
  however , genitive is marked with - en in the masculine and neuter , rather than what you 'd expect which is - es ( from des ) . 
  the reason for this is because neuter nominative and accusative already got dibs on the - es ending , ( due to das ) . 
  if you can remember these exceptions then congratulations you will now decline everything perfectly provided you can remember what the definite article chart looks like . 
  edit : i 'll add that knowing when to use each article is a different skill , but not too hard to master . 
  one common problem is that fact you use preposition + dative more often ( to talk about where things are ) than you use preposition + accusative ( to talk about motion ) , so it can be a surprise when you suddenly need to use it , but with time you 'll get it . 
  i 'd rather have a labour leader who wanted to stay . 
  i 've been out of the uk for 2 years , so i 've been out of touch with the general political narrative of ordinary brits . 
  what this brexit disaster has made me realise is that the mood amongst the working class british people has changed . 
  all this talk of `` elites '' and so forth sounded like complete conspiracy level lunacy , and i think in the britain of 2012-2013 ( the last time i really paid attention to british politics ) , it would 've been . 
  however , now it 's like the loonies have taken over the asylum , anti-immigration narrative becoming legitimised , ukip actually succeeding in their goal , nigel farage being more than a racist side show troll who says provocative things . 
  honestly i feel like the country has gone to shit since i left , and it 's really discouraging me from going back . 
  i ca n't even explain what a joke the uk looks like right now from the rest of the world , but i think it 's fair to say it 's something like a big angry child deliberately smashing its toys because it is n't getting enough attention . 
  i do n't want to go back to this small minded bigoted country , yet the referendum result could potentially force me to do that . 
  this is funny but i feel racist . 
  racists are immune to facts . 
  i do n't find this narrative very convincing whatsoever . 
  ultimately this is just a video of someone telling you how you feel . 
  personally , i think it 's a load of crap . 
  the reason people are bewildered is n't some machiavellian power play by the political classes , it 's not some arcane implementation of conceptual principles , it 's literally just a product of a the modern 24 hour news cycle . 
  brexit has made how this works incredibly clear i think , which is that media simply finds out how people are feeling and regurgitates that back to them . 
  there 's no pretence of objectivity anymore . 
  if the public is split on an issue we 'll simply get one journalist to take one position , and another to take an opposing position . 
  journalism has been this way for a very long time of course , it 's just become ridiculously transparent with the coverage we saw over brexit , amplified by the matter being an issue with a very clear split . 
  truth is that if you rely so heavily on the media to get your opinions then of course you 're living in a state of constant confusion .
