  no , thank you , i 've always wanted to know more about the etymological routes of the german affixes , sometimes it 's very hard to see them as anything but generic modifiers arbitrarily assigned to words to change their meaning a bit . 
   the pentagon . 
  congress . 
  the library of congress . 
  your mistake is believing these things will still be of importance once your sovereignty has rightly been returned to parliament . 
  err ... who said anything about state capitals ? 
  birmingham can be state capital , who cares . 
  i meant that provided london is the capital of the usa i see no problem with it . 
  sure the eu will lose out from it , but probably not as much as the british populace will lose out overall . 
  my point was to negotiate terms of the us 's voluntary surrender and its return to its rightful place as a possession of a the crown and member of the commonwealth . 
  invasion is a drastic option , but if trump runs the us into the ground as bad as some people are suggesting ( i doubt he 'd be allowed to ) , it wo n't be hard to stir up an insurrection , 
  once the american people have been deprogrammed from the anti-royalist propaganda they 've been indoctrinated with i 'm sure they 'll welcome british rule with open arms . 
  us gets rid of 5000 refugees it 's obliged to take in from south america in return for 1500 refugees from australia . 
  seems like a good deal frankly . 
  are you stupid ? 
  there 's an obvious benefit in that australia would take more refugees that the us does n't want off their hands than the us would be taking off the aussies . 
  the aussie refugees are a political hot potato for australia . 
  the fancier you aussies get the more like knock off brits you become !, 
  score one for imperialism !, 
  no i think it 's a pretty situation all round , but for trump to baulk at the deal is highly controversial . 
  trump just wants no refugees at all and is winning popularity points . 
  in reality , america still has obligations to take refugees under international treaties and will probably end up with those 5000 south americans rather than 1500 boat people from aus . 
  hundreds of thousands of us are already using our freedom of movement anyway so of course they are . 
  my future sanity and livelihood depends on not getting shipped off back to the rainy isle . 
  ca n't beat a bit of no deposit , 12 months interest free , no credit checks , and gajillion apr. 
  yeah sadly that 's my experience too . 
  very asia-centric . 
  also very american-centric ( as much of reddit is to be fair ) . 
  few times i 've heard people going on about how terrible europe is , mostly because many naive american college leavers expect to be flown out to their country , given accommodation , and have their paperwork done for them just for being an american college graduate . 
  no , british citizen working in eu . 
  no offence but all you yanks seem to say dahnald . 
  arnie just over did it a bit because he was trying to fit in . 
  i asked for a `` proper vindaloo '' from a bunch of indians in a curry house outside of the uk and i bloody well got it . 
  i actually quite enjoy the sweat and burn but i ended up having to eat it in four sittings . 
  honestly , spice is something i just generally find good all round , and i have virtually no negative effects from it ( excluding extreme examples like the one i mentioned ) , so it 's hard to see the problem . 
  from a digestive perspective , i 'm inclined to think greasy american sludge is way worse for you . 
  you heartless cunt . 
  this is n't remotely a map of where people 's ancestors came from . 
  this is a map of what people declare to be their ethnicity of origin . 
  there 's a huge difference . 
  if you look from census to census it 's not even possible for that many people certain ethnicity origins to have died or have expanded . 
  rather people adopt and disregard primary `` ethnicities '' according to fashions in popular opinion . 
  i 'm hypocritical to think that just because someone failed to met some byzantine requirement of immigration policy they should n't have their life ruined . 
  your lack of morals shows you 're pure scum . 
  yeah , you 're fully subhuman . 
  i hear the nazis liked absolute rules a lot too . 
  i hope brexit results in more immigration frankly . 
  anyone able to support themselves should be able to come . 
  that would really show the anti-immigration scum who voted for it . 
  well i 'm entitled to my opinion , because even though i would n't care if they strung you up from the nearest tree . 
  i would n't actually condone that behaviour , whereas your arrogant opinion made from the comfort of your country of birth which happens to be rich 1st world nation does n't promote the destruction of families due to ridiculous immigration law . 
  at least be honest , you 're a hateful evil person who relishes the enforcement of rules over those you do n't see as worthy to live in your country due to some notion of blood or birthright . 
  i think that realistically some agreement will have to be made due to the large number of britons abroad and ofc all the eu citizens living in then uk . 
  the immigration offices in both the uk and eu nations do n't really have the capacity to handle all the europeans and britons and also there is no appropriate legislation right now the deal with it . 
  associate citizenship would be nice but i think we 're more likely to see some kind of right to work easy visa agreement . 
  and we 'll lose access to each others social systems and political rights . 
  the true king yet lives !, 
  yeah the motto of all undereducated manual laborers everywhere . 
  how about `` work smarter not harder '' . 
  money does n't require suffering to be earned . 
  a lot of germans seem to call something sportig in this situation . 
  the meaning is n't exactly the same but sportig definitely carries a sense of good exercise / good for fitness . 
  first thing to be aware of is that stress pattern and the vowel length are separate things . 
  even though they are related . 
  the stress pattern is heavily influenced by the morphology which is strongly influenced by the etymology in german . 
  the most obvious ones are the sound shifts in french loans like pastell and latin derivations ending in - ieren . 
  the other thing is to look out for seperarable prefixs on verbs ( formed with certain prepositions ) . 
  the general trend in for 1st syllable stress ( and consequent secondary 3rd syllable stress ) , but do you really do need to look for the exceptions . 
  as an english speaker is can be very annoying with the french loans as we 've anglicised many words of french origin to fit the conventional stress pattern of english whereas german has attempted to keep them distinct . 
  if you 're clear on your stress pattern then length is often instinctive once you 've really taught yourself to watch out for those double consonants . 
  stressed syllables that are n't followed by a double consonant are long the vast majority of the time . 
  you can disregard lots of certain orthological features as `` never long '' with familarity . 
  of course it gets tricky with uncommon words , loan words , and straight up irregularities . 
  sentence stress should n't be a problem because similar to english it tends to fall on whatever word is most inportant to the meaning e.g, 
  it 's great that you are here ( instead of someone else ), 
  it 's great that you are here ( the implication is that i thought you would n't be ), 
  sentence stress just falls on the more important components naturally, 
  7i know plenty of philosophy graduates who went into finance . 
  finance and education at quite popular paths for them . 
  people who think philosophy is a useless subject tend not to understand what involves . 
  as far as humanities / social sciences go career wise i think philosophy is a pretty decent one . 
  that said , i think it draws in more financially secure students who are just ticking the graduate box before they find a job through connections . 
  afaik there are n't many churches in europe being funded by us money . 
  maybe stuff like the latter day saints . 
  they tend to buy big fancy offices in europe despite having barely any followers here . 
  institutions like the catholic church and the church of england were rich beyond measure well before the us was even a country . 
  the onus is on your to prove that there are many churches being built in europe with us money . 
  where are you facts and evidence ? 
  you 're the one making the positive claim , you provide the facts if you want people to believe you . 
  i think you claim is highly dubious , europe does n't have a shortage of churches ( with 1000 + years of christianity we 're a little ahead of the us ) . 
  the only expect i can think of are the churches built by the wackier christian denominations that are n't widely accepted in europe like the mormons or the born agains or whatever , who quite ironically see europe as missionary location despite its being the heart of the christian world for about a millennia . 
  what scares me is the possibility that you think america is so central to the world that claiming that the us is n't paying for something to your seems like a positive claim , which is frankly ridiculous . 
  yeah . 
  where i used to live in the uk they had a massive offices and it pretty much a ghost town asides one or two employees coming in and out . 
  i thought uk and frances gdp were pretty close . 
  i love how london is in east anglia , birmingham is in nottingham and the severn estuary seems to have been drained to create cornwales, 
  jog on mate . 
  that probably did happen to some extent . 
  in that in those areas where humans and neanderthals interbred there would have been genetic competition of both neanderthal traits and homo sapien traits . 
  certain neanderthal features , for example greater size and bone density would 've competee with homo sapien traits , for example intelligence .
