  there are millions of hours of content on youtube available for free , and yet people still go to netflix or wherever for their high budget and exclusive content . 
  shifting to a similar porn market would be pornhub 's dream . 
  in such a market they could play the role of both youtube and netflix but for porn . 
  it 's not something that would happen overnight , but the potential revenue makes it worth playing the long con . 
  it might seem unrealistic to you right now but you 're thinking too short term . 
  nobody thought netflix would ever be possible in 2006 but look at it now . 
  the reality is that this transition is already happening . 
  if you want full length high quality porn on a tube site you usually have to go deeper into the web than merely pornhub or the other big sites . 
  the mistake many people made in the past was thinking than unless you can force customers to buy your content at the barrel of a gun ( in the way that platforms like vhs used in the past when the choice was pay for this video or do n't see the film ) they wo n't pay for content . 
  in fact all you have to do is create market conditions such that people are willing to pay a modest fee for the service itself . 
  the idea in the future is that you 'll go to pornhub for free material , you 'll find a preview of something you really like , and then you 'll have the choice between torrenting , digging around dodgy unattractive sites for an illegal upload of the full thing , or paying for pornhub 's version of netflix to get guaranteed access to the full site , in the same that if you see the trailer for game of thrones on youtube and have a similar choice whether to pirate it or simply watch it on hbo go . 
  people with more money than time on their hands , who are often people who are n't deep into online culture or technology tend to just prefer to hand over a few dollars for access to what they want rather than go to the hassle of accessing it on sketchy websites or whatever . 
  the things impeding this change in the market 1 ) people do n't trust porn sites , the legacy of web 1.0 porn and the clusterfuck of credit card scams , dodgy sites that disappear , things appearing on bank statements etc , and the general historical seediness of the industry have made people afraid of any company involved in the industry 2 ) every time they try to reduce the amount of copyright material on a tube site users leak to other sites with less stringent controls , while major competitors like xvideos exist , they could easily capitalise on any attempt to change the market environment to steal pornhubs market . 
  that 's pure bullshit . 
  it 's a fact that more densely populated places tend to ignore each other more than others . 
  go to new york and it 's often the same . 
  you ca n't escape people , so you pretend each other do n't exist in some social situations . 
  also certain areas are more culturally mixed and/or have higher crime rates , so you have less in common with your neighbour and it can be dangerous to engage with unknown people in a public area . 
  oh man that feel popping drums with bl and icey veins as a mage . 
  even more fun with the trinket from illidan . 
  man this is up there with giving someone ketamine and telling them it 's coke when it comes to level 's utter cuntery . 
  surprised there was nothing about the logical positivists , nothing like a bunch of british aristocrats with a few austrians for good measure laying the smack down on german idealism in the context of two world wars . 
  i feel that 's ripe for a comic interpretation . 
  europe does n't do background checks for working with adults normally . 
  however , if you have to take a visa you might get checked then . 
  you do n't say which country you 're in . 
  it 's the visa that likely to be more stringent than employers . 
  in europe the standard is there 's a box to tick asking if you have a criminal record , but there 's no way for anyone to find out about a foreign criminal record unless you can find it on google . 
  nobody is running advanced checks / international checks on english tutors . 
  i 'd argue that it 's the visa you should be worried about so this question might be better put to / r/iwantout or something . 
  do n't really see how that 's a common european look any more than it is an american look . 
  it 's just a goofy white guy look . 
  if i had to guess i 'd say it 's maybe a slightly swarthy southern central european look , but really you have people who look like anywhere that you find white people . 
  ah yes reddit justice , some guy is a dick one time and now fuck him forever . 
  wow , i 'm glad reddit is just a bunch of nerds reading comments instead of being in charge of anything that matters . 
  this is so retarded . 
  this guy is a dick but he has the right to fuck up without the court of internet justice taking him to rights over it . 
  pretty sure everyone has done something they were ashamed of in their youth and did n't have to have it immortalised forever by thousands of strangers . 
  no , smart people are in charge , they 're busy running their companies or enjoying life , nerds are commenting on reddit getting outraged at a teenager shouting at his teacher . 
  exactly it is lame . 
  it 's not remotely newsworthy . 
  it 's not like he even broke any laws of consequence . 
  we do n't know why he was so angry . 
  being a teenager is hard and sometimes they fuck up . 
  that does n't make them not deserve punishment , but it does n't mean they deserve having their shit posted all over the internet and thousands of nerds obliviously judging them without ever question whether they themselves were ever a dick . 
  i 'm just glad that i was an awkward teenager when camera phones could only take shitty low quality photos . 
  why are you speaking german at me ? 
  i agree he did a dick thing and he should be punished , but having the whole of the internet mock you should n't be that punishment . 
  this is some medieval level murderous plotting of family members bullshit . 
  from the [ facebook page ] ( https://scontent-frx5-1.xx.fbcdn.net/v/t1.0-9/18740438_10155300832859761_6523168930431584265_n.jpg?oh=d04f78a6b28e8b22d15db837d276cf7d&amp;oe=59e80f08 ), 
  apparently someone had been assaulted in the park prior to this and that 's what they were responding too . 
  while it seems like poor descalation i 'd give them the benefit of the doubt , as i think what you 're seeing there are the later stages of the interaction when the cops are getting nervous around a big group that outnumbers them . 
  they were probably just trying to keep things civil until back up arrived , and what you see there is the back up arriving and immediately taking action that will either cause the group to disperse immediately or provoke them into giving them grounds for arrest . 
  the kids were belligerent and aggressive which was fucking stupid . 
  nobody needed to get arrested there ( asides the guy already in handcuffs ) . 
  while it 's hardly a commendable piece of police work ( it could 've probably been handled better ) , you can have to sympathetic to the police 's situation as well . 
  police always tend to be a lot less friendly when they 're outnumbered , particularly in britain where unarmed interaction with the community is part and parcel of the job . 
  situations like this have turned nasty for police in the past when they 've not been aggressive and let a group know they 're avoiding confrontation ( which itself can trigger a mobbing ) . 
  controlling situations , with force if necessary , before they go further has always been an integral part of police training . 
  police might have weapons but most of their power comes from the uniform and the social significance behind it , weapons are just a last resort not a method of control ( especially in the uk ) , consequently if you allow people to take liberties you 're just inviting other to push the boundary and then you lose you authority in a situation . 
  sometimes an immediate show of unprovoked force is a quicker safer way to get a handle of things than diplomacy in a situation like that . 
  once talking is proving ineffective it 's pretty much the only option as the more you allow a group to whittle you down the bolder they become and that could lead to the police getting beaten up . 
  it 's the same in most developed countries , the police tend to only have two modes , verbal approach and physical approach , once the former fails the only option is the latter , they do n't tend to like messing around arguing and shouting as it undermines their authority . 
  i 'm guessing the guy who ran in and pushed the kid away had decided that the verbal approach had failed . 
  the kids are dumb chavs who contributed to the escalation of the situation . 
  obviously they 're claiming that the copper choke slammed their friend apropos of nothing but obviously they 're going to say that and i reckon it 's highly unlikely that it was as one sided as they claim . 
  anyway , this is britain , they 're all just going to get given 40 hours of community service , told that they 're idiots , and sent back to school . 
  the definition of nerd as someone who like technology or science or whatever is fucking stupid and dated as hell . 
  it 's the 21st century , we all use technology far more than even people we would 've labelled `` nerds '' 20 years ago , many of use need to know science for our jobs . 
  i 'm sure the right wingers will be along soon to tell us that we 're all fools for not blaming terrorism on islam itself rather than the few people who commit atrocities in the name of islam . 
  funny thing is that there are parts of the bible that tell you to kill people and stone women etc. 
  but i bet that if a small minority of radical extremists started actually doing that shit they would n't be saying that christianity is the problem . 
  edit : just got a great pm from someone called / u/stupid-trash-nlggers, 
   holy fuck you 're an actual online retarded nigger . 
  filthy subhuman negroid you actually compared christianity to islam which has n't been changed for a thousand years . 
  typical leftist regressive cuck . 
  go to europe and enjoy your multiculturalism you marxist faggot, 
  hows the sex life ? 
  or alternatively do n't be born in america . 
  assuming he went to university in the anglosphere i doubt much time was spent on either nietzsche or hegel . 
  nietzsche only really gets looked at a bit in ethics and hegel is just straight up avoided . 
  history of philosophy in the anglo world is more like :, 
  descarte  rationalism  idealism  empiricism  kant  [ the dark time of which we do not speak ]  frege  russell  wittgenstein . 
   yeah , those right wingers are the reason girls ca n't survive going a girl concert or coptic christian children ca n't ride a bus without getting slaughtered . 
  i 've never survived going a girl concert . 
  going a girl concert is notoriously dangerous . 
  haha so this . 
  the sexually active ones who use it as a pretext to get laid and as justification for their douchey sexual morality have to get away from the ugly sexually inactive legit zealots . 
  come on , we 've all met these types , they 're just sexually dysfunctional people who use spiritualism to engage in promiscuous behaviour while alleviating themselves of any feelings of guilt under the pretence of progressiveness and new age spiritualism . 
  no , you 're not special because your ca n't keep it in your pants or ca n't stop bending over for every guy with an acoustic guitar who claims to be damaged . 
  you are not in love with mother earth . 
  you 're not healing the world by spreading your legs . 
  just stop . 
  i hate to say it , but the reality that hit everyone once the drugs wore off was that hippies are kinda scummy . 
  guess what , when you do n't have enough money relationships with others become vastly more complicated . 
  when you throw away the social norms that govern ordinary social interaction things get more complicated . 
  when you take drugs things get more complicated too . 
  when you take drugs regularly your friend group tends to become more cliquey as the realisation that the `` let 's share everything '' mentality can be exploited by non-contributors so you have to control who is around to `` share '' with , let 's not invite so and so because he smokes our drugs but does n't have any contacts himself . 
  keeping a small bag of weed in your sock drawer in secret just to smoke yourself , someone finds outs ? 
  `` omg you 're hording things from the group you oppressive capitalist scum ! '',
