  a lot of bullying is to do with getting a reaction out of people , the kids to go crazy in response to teasing definitely used to attract bullies at school . 
  kids who learned to give a minimal reactions and deflect jibes with sarcasm usually got passed over in favour of more entertaining targets . 
  one i hear all the time is that american english is more original english , closer to how shakespeare spoke and such . 
  it 's bullshit pop linguistics based solely on the fact that americans still pronounce the letter - r in all its instances rather only when it 's followed by a vowel as in some british and australian and east coast american accents . 
  in virtually all other respects american english has drifted away from the pronunciation of that time just as much as any other popular accent has , i think it 's just a myth perpetuated by national pride . 
  another one is that americans do n't have accents or that their accent is somehow more neutral than other english speaking countries . 
  again another myth perpetuated by the fact that accents are harder to hear when someone is singing and some performers tendency to sing in american accents . 
  i have to say i find canadians easier to relate to sometimes because of the humour being more suited to british people . 
  fyi google translate pronounces it differently depending on your location . 
  do n't think it does scottish but i think it does american ( mid-western general american ) , british ( received pronunciation ) and aussie ( general australian ) . 
  where are you from ? 
  i did notice that at university foreigners tended to stick together . 
  some americans and canadians integrated well , others not so much . 
  australians , new zealanders , irish and usually south africans basically get treated as if they were already british since we still secretly think of these countries as extensions of the uk ( not literally though ) , however the cultures are close enough . 
  you know ketchup is full of vinegar right ? 
  that natural preservative ? 
  you can pirate and litter in the first world , lots of people do . 
  drink a can of drink and then leave it on the pavement . 
  if by litter you mean fly tipping ( leaving whole bags of rubbish ) that can get you in trouble . 
  i live in germany and my german is ok but this a big problem for me . 
  when i 'm in countries where i do n't understand anything it 's fine because i 'm just resigned to only being able to speak english ( or german ) with people . 
  what 's very frustrating though it lacking the fluency when you want to do things you take for granted like ask a complicated question or receive a complicated answer , even occasionally still now after living here quite a while a shop keeper will blast me with some super fast uncommon phrase and i 'll look at them funny and instantly betray my lack of comprehension . 
  you 've just being playing the english game on easy mode , it 's time to progress to the harder levels . 
  it 's like this in most of the world , it 's considered incredibly rude to bring the cheque without it 's first being requested , basically telling someone to get out . 
  would you say that after your 7th trip to finanzamt trying desperately to get the correct form for your tax deduction being with faced with the same carbon copy of a miserable late fifties woman with vile luminous dyed red/blonde hair after a 45 minute wait ? 
  the one who refuses to speak slowly for you , does n't a speak of any other language than heavily accented german and eyes you suspiciously as if you were a penniless hobo coming to the country just to claim benefits you 're not even eligible for ? 
  well you 're still a dick . 
  lol this seems like the most pathetic case of culture shock i 've ever witnessed . 
  also the quality of bonfires is not regional and pretty much depends on chance . 
  this clich\u00e9 is boring . 
  very common in germany and belgium . 
  in the uk it 's considered a little odd but it 's not heard of , then again brits put gravy or curry sauce on their chips . 
  it just does n't make sense . 
  there are bonfire nights all over the uk , some are shit some are good . 
  it 's not like england is that regionally culturally diverse to mean there 's a difference like this . 
  sure the people in the south they might call them rolls and in the middle they call them cobs and in the north they call them baps , and sure in the north they might prefer gravy on their chips over cheese or curry sauce , but really now , bonfire night is a national tradition . 
  i think that 's been part of the recent minor resurgence in the uk . 
  the 14 year old 's who used to love it are now all in their 30 's and aware that it 's fake , but now have the disposable income to watch it for the nostalgia and opportunity to get blind drunk with mates . 
  i would n't say it was common but it 's certainly around . 
  go the student union and see the losers to do n't realise the union is nothing but a glorified social club not a political entity . 
  they 're all obsessed with new wave far left intersectionality , lgbt rights , religious minorities and feminism , in fact your status with them will depend entirely on how many boxes you can tick . 
  best to be disabled trans muslim refugee , you 'll be ruler of them all . 
  i can imagine fancy american university accommodation having all this , yet still requiring you to share a room like you were 11 . 
  i think in the uk people would turn against her for this simply because she 's broken the number one rule of acting like she 's better than other people . 
  she 'd probably lose the crowd with this behaviour and get some sarky comments . 
  you 're basically saying that because sussex does one thing that the entirety of the rest of the uk does n't do , you had culture shock ? 
  also because they do n't play one song that happens to have sussex in the name ? 
  i mean it seems like unfair of you to single out the south west when in fact it 's everywhere but sussex . 
  apparently there is a bonfire night tradition in sussex , but that 's literally just the peculiarity of one county and not a se vs sw thing . 
  in the uk the trend is currently to build fancier and fancier accommodation and simply charge more money for it . 
  better accommodation = people will pay more = more money . 
  at my old university the best accommodation had neon mood lighting all over the outside of the building and every room had an en suite bathroom , kitchenette and balcony . 
  on the other hand american universities remind me of boarding schools . 
  and i suppose they do n't in other rich countries ... 
  yeah . 
  it kinda pisses me off when i go to frites van holland or whatever and they literally coat the fuckers with the stuff . 
  i like mayo on chips but i 'd prefer to have it on the side or in a pot so i can dip the quantity that i want rather than have some chips that are coated . 
  recently i 've been getting in curry ketchup which is also pretty nice . 
  no that 's not true . 
  uk universities have followed the american model for a very long time now ( since the 90s ) . 
  the only real difference is that the government here subsidises some of the costs for students and gives more favourable loans but that is slowly being taken away by the current government too . 
  the price is currently # 9000 a year for tuition ( up from # 3000 when i was younger ) which is about $ 13,600 a year . 
  there are plans to raise this even higher too . 
  even forgetting about the subsidies the universities have been run as businesses for even longer than that , probably the last 25 years . 
  i still think the university actually receives over $ 20,000 a year per student with government subsidy + tuition fees totalled . 
  however one major difference seems to be what university is supposed to be like . 
  in the us you get an almost school like experience with shared dorms , food cooked for you , a plethora of large well funded societies with leisure activities , university sports teams , fraternities and such . 
  uk universities are much more impersonal by comparison , sports and extra curriculars are basically just run by students with little faculty involvement and have no impact on your status as a student , living on campus is optional and if you do it 's not that different from living on the outside world ( except that you might be put with people of your own age group and share a kitchen ) . 
  in all uk universities do n't assume are interested in being involved with the university in anything other than an education sense , while american universities seem to be more about creating an all round experience . 
  uk universities do have bars on campus though which is nice . 
  so he can be put on indefinite paid suspension till it all blows over :d, 
  k m8 , i suppose you come from `` the greatest nation on earth '' run by the `` leader of the free world '' the ones who `` saved europe 's ass from the nazis '' and are `` the reason you 're not speaking german right now '' thus becoming `` back to back world war champions '' ? 
  yeah , it 's only brits who act like they 're better than others . 
  maybe i should n't be saying this as `` america invented the internet '' and `` reddit is an american website '' and thus anything that contradicts the rhetoric of american supremacy is automatically `` an anti-american circlejerk '' and so forth . 
  it 's because europeans hate you cos they ai n't you and unfortunately belong in the metric half of the `` countries that have been to the moon and countries that use the metric system '' . 
  anyway , i simply meant in a social politeness kind of way , shouting in public is very frowned upon , just like queue jumping . 
  even british sjws are more reserved than their american counterparts . 
  if anything shouting is an act of violence and therefore literally rape . 
  plumbing in that part of the world is odd given how hard it is to find toilet cubicles that do n't have gaps between the doors and indicators to show when a stall is in use . 
  that seems weird , there 's no law about that here and most people use public transport to do their food shopping . 
  says more about the state of us inner city public transport , rather than being a fact about public transport everywhere . 
  why it 's any less sanitary than on a public bench or a greasy fast food place ? 
  i do n't think they have to say whether it 's paid or not . 
  they just says suspended . 
  the other option is they fire them while simultaneously arranging for another police agency to pick them up in a different state or county . 
  that 's my contention with the / r/badlinguistics sub . 
  seems to me that some people think that anyone who expresses an opinion on some semantic shift are automatically prescriptivist shitlords who do n't understand how language works . 
  i do n't see why it 's not possible to acknowledge that nothing bad is going to happen if we take an approach based on the idea that language is contingent on the intentions of speakers , and that ultimately it does n't matter if people , for example , use literally as an intensifier , whilst simultaneously holding a personal preference regarding whether it 's a good change or not . 
  i fear that too much of the attitude of linguists is tied to tacit political ideology , because historically a prescriptivist black and white attitude to language has been tied to prestige dialects and by association the upper classes and majority ethnicities within any group of speakers . 
  it 's very hard to separate language and ideology imo , but that does n't entail that we should n't try to do so and just take an approach that vilifies anyone who shows a preference for some usage or another . 
  it annoys me especially when they demonise linguistically naive people , ordinary folk 's tendency to form opinions on semantic shifts are interesting enough linguistic phenomena in themselves . 
  in a way by smugly espousing a descriptivist * attitude to people without the faintest interest in language they 're doing exactly what prescriptivist grammarians of the past were doing , which is trying to impose their self proclaimed superior understanding on communities of speakers . 
  surely the job of a linguist is to observe language in it 's most natural form and not interfere by imposing any normative attitude whatsoever . 
  yep, 
  analyzed ... did he do some analyzis ? 
  i know analyze is accepted in america but that 's retarded because it 's not an - ise/ize ending . 
  if he had a super brain he 'd know this . 
  well i was n't entirely serious , still - s is often pronounced as a - z in english , since it came from the french there is no real reason change it to a - z. 
  the word analyse does n't have a proper latin root but a greek one , which is why it does n't make sense that people have changed it to - z , even in latin it was spelt with an - s to reflect that . 
  surely a super brain would have an in depth knowledge of this shit xd ?
