  russian travellers ? 
  it makes no sense after a point to think these things have a bearing on who i am today . 
  my family would do this at the weekends when we were young but come on . 
  fry up , toast , marmalade , kippers , whatever . 
  but who has time for this nowadays when people have work and school and whatever else . 
  you sound like a bit of a whinger frankly . 
  i 've also recently moved to germany and i ca n't relate to what you 're saying . 
  smoking is more common but hardly bothers me , seems like people are grown up about it and nobody is whining because they do n't like the smell like some spoilt baby who ca n't handle smells . 
  public transport runs late into the night , lots of things are run very efficiently . 
  bureaucracy is shit i will admit but the germans are renown for that . 
  portion sizes are exactly what i 'm used to , maybe it 's your proximity to america that has you expecting more . 
  carbonated water is nicer to drink and the default beverage , ask for still water if that 's what you want . 
  sunday closing hours are german law and hark back to religious traditions , it 's just part of the culture so deal with it . 
  most supermarkets are open normal hours on saturday . 
  truth is most of things you 've listed are n't negatives , there just differences , if you ca n't get used to them then maybe this is n't the country for you . 
  imo it 's a horrible sign of ignorance when people complain about differences as if they were inherently bad things . 
  america 's fine it 's just the people that live there . 
  it 's handy for holding the americans though haha . 
  seriously though america is fine , great for a holiday , not somewhere i 'd choose to live . 
  sometimes you get on our tits with how many americans feel like america is the centre of the world . 
  i get annoyed we i see americans acting so weirded out by have minor differences ( like putting corn on pizza ) as if america was the baseline for normality ( yes normality not normalcy , horrible word ! ), 
  the world over . 
  i can assure that your new world society is somewhat against the global grain and some of you need to learn to cope with difference in a more mature way , it 's not like polish people go to the uk and act like it 's super weird we do n't have polish food on every street corner . 
  you are bit of a nation of germophobes though , hygiene seems rather taboo in the us, 
  firstly it 's ale , and it 's been drunk for longer than there 's been refrigerators . 
  secondly it 's not warm , it 's cellar temperature which mean it should be cool just not chilled . 
  do you chill your red wine as well ? 
  i believe it 's because in old french was pronounced that way . 
  that 's bullshit . 
  we would try and drive from madrid to moscow in a day so why would we think the same about the us . 
  also most people know at least the basics about the us . 
  i could probably name almost all the states with a bit of time and point to more than half of them on the map . 
  your aversion to germs is the weird unnatural thing . 
  people have been kissing , and fucking and even shitting in the woods since forever . 
  seriously get a grip , you 're oddly prudish and phobic due to your puritanical ancestors . 
  because of the thousands of german musicians dominating popular genres ? 
  seriously what the fuck . 
  eu has been depending on germany because they are one of the most financially paranoid nations in the world , they lose their shit there 's the tiniest bit of inflation and wo n't even use credit cards . 
  so basically when the recession hit they were far less affected , simple really . 
  if you go back a bit to the boom time germany was always trailing behind , it 's just the nature of their economic outlook . 
  why do americans make the - aw sound when they want to say the - o sound ? 
  why are some of you unable to say the words `` mary , merry and marry '' differently ? 
  do n't you know they have different letters ? 
  do all americans have speech impediments ? 
  seriously , accents are accents , you have them as well . 
  - th fronting ( what you 're talking about ) is a regional london thing and part of the dialect . 
  if they look dirty why are you hanging around with dirty people imo ? 
  if they 're just ordinary people you 've just met what 's wrong with kissing them on the cheek ? 
  are you so paranoid they might be secretly dirty ? 
  you touch handrails and sit on seats that have thousands of peoples germs on them everyday . 
  this aversion of yours is principally in your head . 
  why wo n't you use chip and pin ? 
  this is pretty ignorant , but briefly - your fashions look retarded to us too , police rarely need to be in hollywood-esque car chases and it 's densely populated so they 'll be another car a few miles ahead . 
  people are n't cunts and do n't steal glasses too often . 
  also people here do n't need to be physically cordoned off not to be tempted to steal here amazingly . 
  siesta is spain only and very old fashioned . 
  actually in british english we do say `` the 13th of september '' , and frankly like the metric system , ordering the dates by size is far more logical , although i admit the japanese system is better . 
  you can buy coffee at 5am in some places , supply and demand , amazingly the one or two people that want coffee at 5am is n't reason to open then in many places . 
  yes because a few cases of authoritarianism means the system is inherently flawed . 
  actually the state can work very well , and looks out for people far better than capitalism ever could . 
  sorry but that 's bullshit , you guys are way more racist . 
  you basically have segregation still . 
  some place in europe are perhaps more xenophobic but they 're not nations settled by immigrants are they ? 
  because the rule of the stupid mob is far superior . 
  how can you live without it ? 
  i find this in poor taste frankly . 
  this is a 300 year old union they 're thinking of breaking asunder , leave the cartoon stereotypes out of it . 
  you can still drive in europe you know ? 
  funnily the most public transport is in cities where you do n't want to drive . 
  are you telling me la is a good place to drive ? 
  that you would n't suffer sitting next to a bunch of people to get around twice as fast with half the hassle ? 
  are you trying to catch me out just to prove your ill justified point ? 
  washington is a state where seattle is located in the north west . 
  washington d.c is n't in a state it 's in the district of columbia which is kind of a grey area . 
  geographically d.c is sort of in maryland . 
  oddly people in d.c do n't have representation in government which is quite ironic for a nation that made the slogan `` no taxations without representation '' . 
  * also it 's `` which state is washington in ? '', 
  that 's because there 's only a small finite set of states from which to choose . 
  ok i forgive you :p, 
  you 're an idiot if you believe that . 
  the oil reserves will remain with private companies regardless of what you say , it really does n't matter whose country they 're in . 
  because it 's historically significant . 
  it 's incredibly important and if you do n't see why it 's not significant you 're an idiot , or more likely being wilfully ignorant . 
  what scotland costs the tax payer is currently roughly equivalent to what is earnt for the government in taxes from the oil fields . 
  scotland might be able to squeeze a little bit more out but it is n't going to affect the uk 's finances a jot . 
  then scotland will have to suffer through the grossly underestimated costs of succession , security about its currency , rejoining the eu , the inability to manage its currency for macroeconomic benefit regardless of which currency it uses . 
  that 's alarmist nonsense, 
  all i hear from you is a load of libtard propaganda my friend . 
  just because authoritarian states have murdered large amounts of people does not mean states are inherent bad , especially when they are not authoritarian and therefore in no way equivocal . 
  states have also provided improved conditions for everyone . 
  only brainwashed idiots fail to see that capitalism , whilst a useful tool does not inherently favour better overall conditions for everyone . 
  like every other sane person believes , people who are n't ayn rand fanatics , it 's patently clearly that a balance between state and the free market is the optimal condition for human progress without question . 
  your arguments are pathetic . 
  massively regulated corporations are an entirely new thing , and so is the type of capitalism we the right promoting today . 
  in fact america 's biggest growth periods were at times when taxes on the rich were far higher than they are today . 
  a few extremist far left leaning states do in no way disprove the invaluable nature of the state . 
  seriously you 're the worst type of brainwashed idiot . 
  no other country in the western world takes this ridiculous america libertarian nonsense seriously . 
  you are the world 's laughing stock . 
  god one bro .
