  lol , how does one pronounce `` ha\u00fcs '' exactly ? 
  germans do love their industrial strength percolator coffee , that 's for sure . 
  edit : do n't know why someone downvoted , just to be clear , fantastic coffee is widely available in germany , but go into any run down caf\u00e9 or imbiss and you 're almost guaranteed to see one of these percolator thing bubbling away in the corner . 
  just like fantastic patisserie delicacies are available in the uk , some people still prefer to eat their breakfast from the greasy truck stop on the side of the motorway , old habits die hard . 
  they tend to pop up in really tacky commercial places so people with no taste can stuff their places after their weekly bout of shopping . 
  it 's und and aber actually , it would make more sense in english as `` ond '' and `` awber '' . 
  i was just mocking his dialect . 
  source : i speak german ( although hearing arnie talk here at times makes me doubt that belief ), 
  people arguing over british / american spellings . 
  get the fuck over it people . 
  actually even if you do n't speak a single word , it 's quite common to learn in full immersion . 
  it 's only usually necessary in countries where the schools are terrible or only teach english as an option . 
  since most countries teach enough english in schools for people to have he absolute rudimentary basics at least . 
  the thing is if you speak a european language then you 'll probably be able to get quite far translating everything into your native language . 
  however there are asian languages that do n't even have the comparable basics , no gendered pronouns , no change in word form between nominative and accusative pronouns , no conjugation of verbs , no change in verb form for past tense . 
  it 's completely different . 
  if you translated `` she punched him '' directly some of these languages you 're essentially saying something like `` it hits it , earlier '' or `` this girl hits this boy , earlier '' , which is completely useless for actually conveying how the language works . 
  so if you want to teach in the native language you have to give a very long winded and complicated explanation of the concepts of grammar , what a nominative and accusative case are , how conjugation works , how tenses work in synthetic languages . 
  this requires that the teacher is not only completely fluent in the native language , and therefore almost never a native speaker of the target language , but also that the class has the ability and patience to work through the grammar concepts in their native language before you ever get stuck into the target language . 
  it might work for a group of diligent university students but is completely useless for a class of 10 year olds or people who might only have the minimum level of mandatory education and not have picked up a textbook for 20 years . 
  honestly it 's a lot easier to just start teaching the language through repetition , miming , pictures and such , and the people will naturally begin to see the patterns in how the language is formed . 
  in fact even at higher levels of language teaching , modern methodology centres around the notion that people naturally pick up on grammar through exposure , that people 's brains are built to do this , and that dry dusty academic explanations of how a language works just makes people frustrated and anxious about using the language correctly . 
  surely ? 
  what nationality are you ? 
  because i 've heard some terrible tales from english native speakers from the uk , australia , south africa etc. 
  who tried working in asia and were either let go or forced to speak with horrible fake american accents in class because parents complain their kids ca n't understand the teacher and the faculty ascribe it to their nationality rather than the kids simply not being as good at english as they believe themselves to be . 
  irony being that the parents usually do n't speak much english themselves . 
  apparently a lot of chinese people do n't really understand much about english and only know it from american blockbusters , they all want their kids to speak `` american english '' ( whatever that really means ) and assume all the other english speaking countries speak dialects equivalent to the less prestigious dialects in rural china , i.e virtually mutually incomprehensible with each other in a spoken form . 
  to be fair , most of europe is way more historically significant than most of the us . 
  the history of a lot of the us is about as interesting as , a bunch of devoutly puritan christian farmers showed up well after revolutionary war , sat out the civil war because they were n't densely populated enough , the people pretty much kept to themselves and lived in virtually the same way from generation to generation , ploughing the fields , going to church and marrying their relatives until the 20th century came along when the people realised their was whole world outside , someone built a drive-thru mcdonalds and a shopping mall and it 's been that way ever since . 
  every pub and restaurant in the uk has `` fountain soda '' , when were you there ? 
  seems that five guys in the us looks exactly the same as five guys in the uk . 
  we have those too . 
  the reason the roads are narrow is because often the boundaries of the fields adjacent were decided in the 1600s . 
  it would n't be cost-efficient for the government to pay the farmers to widen those roads for what is a pretty worthless strip of land , because the farmers wo n't part with it without an extortionate sum . 
  also any attempts to do so would likely be met with opposition from the locals because it would seem like they were trying to turn their bit of countryside into a thoroughfare . 
  farmers do dream about having a main road build on their land though because they get huge pay outs from it , but locals who do n't own the land hate it unless it 's beneficial to them because they think it spoils the landscape . 
  the vauxhalls are literally identical to opels in everything but the badge . 
  opel is * owned * by gm , but the cars bear not resemblance to chevys whatsoever and are produced solely in europe . 
  you can buy a dryer you know . 
  depends what it is , but honestly if it 's anything that 's causing you pain or worrying you as it could be a sign of something serious then i 'd make an urgent appoint . 
  the urgent / non-urgent thing with nhs gps is absolutely terrible , and in most places has become utterly meaningless , punishing those who do n't want to make a fuss , while hypochondriacs and the shameless suck up appointments . 
  gps get an endless stream of people coming in on urgent appoints with colds and hayfever and all kinds of trivial ailments , so they wo n't bat an eyelid if you problem is not life threatening or causing you severe suffering . 
  i 'm assuming here that you 're not the kind of person who would go to the gp over a cold or hayfever , so if illness is anything that is hurting you or could be a warning sign then just say it 's urgent . 
  your other options are nhs drop in centre ( actually very good but they do n't have them in all areas and they 're also meant for `` urgent '' level ailments , which obviously means very little ) , or change your gp , although this might not be any better . 
  doodle here is theorised to have come from from d\u00fcdel , a western germanic term for idiot or simpleton , perhaps picked up by the british troops from german mercenaries during the revolutionary war . 
  another theory is that doodle was slang for penis . 
  either way you 're basically saying american dandy idiot or american penis dandy . 
  no a week about how europe is now a muslamic state filled with rapegugees . 
  `` the european upheaval '' , that a funny euphemism for one of the bloodiest wars in history , but funny to talk of that as a `` opportunity '' . 
  lol where in germany is the word for iron `` lesen '' because that could get fucking confusing ( lesen is the standard german for `` to read '' fyi ) . 
  this is the second industrial revolution . 
  op failed to mention something , no need to make a fuss about it . 
  that 's not good reasoning . 
  london was already for the time very developed with older trades and commerce industries well engrained . 
  the midlands and the north were closer to the sources of raw materials and had space to expand with a large workforce of cheap labour willing to work . 
  just because london was the centre of capital did n't mean they wanted to invest it where they lived , do n't shit where you eat after all . 
  `` all the money '' might be a bit of an exaggeration . 
  the aristos still had most the money squirrelled away in their county spanning estates . 
  i did an tour of manchester centred around the industrial revolution once , they showed how all the new money factory owners were trying to out do each other building more and more grandiose houses in south manchester . 
  not much has changed today except the money comes from other things and the houses are in the wirral . 
  can confirm , slept rough waiting for a train at li\u00e8ge train station once , what a fucking a dump . 
  yes it is useful , it accurately shows the spread of the 2nd industrial revolution . 
  you 're essentially saying that the 2nd industrial revolution analysis is n't useful , which is bullshit . 
  it could just do with a new title . 
  to be fair , i do find meryl streep to be on those actresses that 's hard to remember the name of . 
  the kids who lie about realistic stuff are the worst though . 
  we had a friend who apparently had a swimming pool , a quad bike , a rich uncle who lived in la and he 'd fly him out there and they do all this cool stuff . 
  apparently he 'd go on holiday all over the world , every summer he 'd say he 'd been some exotic . 
  turned out he was just some dirt poor kid living in a council estate in a rough area of birmingham whose parents owned a chip shop . 
  actually thinking about it that 's kinda depressing . 
  gay men are so renown for the propensity to fart in front of women . 
  i love how as a kid that kinda made sense somehow . 
  you 're a wizard ... ( credits roll ), 
  terrible cwime ? 
  turns out to be a rolled cigarette ... 
  congratulations you made a turd . 
  yeah i made myself sad . 
  to be fair he threw up to be a massive bellend who works in a bank and posts pictures of himself holding wads of cash and taking himself way to seriously when he drives a 1.6 litre vauxhall corsa , so i do n't feel that bad . 
  grew up charismatic ? 
  so charismatic you induce hallucinations ? 
  we used to have parties like this when we were 5 , to be fair , we were off our faces on umbongo though . 
  lol that takes me back to my jump up days . 
  [ if anyone does n't know what i 'm talking about listen to this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ddqxukojmuy&amp;t=115s ), 
  that does n't really explain what you mean by `` charismatic '' in this context . 
  to me , if someone is charismatic it means they have an interesting character . 
  yeah we do n't get many of them over in europe . 
  near me most people are church of england , some catholics and a few methodists . 
  evangelicals churches are very rare and are mostly in areas with lots of african immigrants . 
  apparently according to wikipedia the largest group of your kind of christians in the uk is the jesus , whom i 'd never heard of , with only 3500 members nationwide , so it 's not surprising i 'd never heard of it . 
  still 30,000 people is n't that many , 1000 people went to my school for example , so just x 30 that , in a country of 64 million that 's not significant enough to really be known to the public . 
  people in the uk are very suspicious of any church that does n't have a lot of british history behind it . 
  the mormons would send missionaries here , then send them out to preach to drunk students , poor guys . 
  i think for most of us there newer formers of christianity blend into one another , i really do n't know anything about the evangelical movement at all . 
  as every christian i 've ever really known has been an anglican , catholic or methodist the rest are just anomalous to me . 
  generally where i 'm from if you 're not one of those three you 're considered a nutcase , as you 're assumed to be the type who subscribes to hardcore puritanism and wo n't drink , smoke , dance or watch tv on sunday . 
  even the methodists are suspect . 
  these are really rare where i 'm from , but the few that do exist are generally assumed to be god botherers . 
  i heard from a hr person that any cv over 3 pages goes in the bin , and that the 3rd page better only be references . 
  underground network of maglev tubes in a vacuum travelling at 3000 mph powered by jet rockets you say ?
