  both the upper/middle/lower have cunts of different varieties , and there 's nothing stopping everyone getting along , it 's just often different classes share more similar values . 
  7 euros a ride ? 
  cheap ? 
  are you out of your mind, 
  we fucking hate it too . 
  truth is we have a very divided political system with one party trying to sabotage any progress made , whilst the other is somewhat inefficient at dealing with the national industries . 
  one of the uk 's greatest weaknesses is being unable to find a healthy productive balance between nationalisation and privatisation , and we end up with the worst of both worlds , uncompetitive inefficient systems that charge far too much money . 
  you are completely wrong there , hanging around reddit would give you that impression but if you lived in england and made a small effort to fit in you soon be treated like a returning wayward son welcome and fussed over very often . 
  we do n't really like your politics or your nationalism but that 's not the same as the people . 
  we like colonials really . 
  scapegoating at its worse i 'm afraid . 
  i really hope it ends soon . 
  which should give you some idea how seriously we take religion . 
  the church of england is very progressive and does n't take any extreme views on anything , we like it that way . 
  because we have the attitude that it 's not about your success but more abstract virtues . 
  if you are successful you should have the wisdom to not rub it in other 's faces it 's considered rude . 
  we actually admire success , but combine it with humility and you 'll be adored . 
  where was i boasting ? 
  hitler was also impressed by the works of wagner ? 
  should germany not be proud of wagner 's operas . 
  hitler liked the british public school system because he saw it as turning out an officerial class , which it did . 
  you baffle us to frenchy , what with your general ennui , your preference for form over function , your overt sexuality and lack of repression . 
  do n't worry we may outwardly hate you but secretly we love you want and to marry your women to have cute bilingual children . 
  utter crock of shit . 
  nobody cares about what school you went to . 
  loud racists : /, 
  more of ours survived the luftwaffe than yours did the raf / usaf / rooskies . 
  as a briton living in germany , what the fuck is with bringing your own kitchen to a rented apartment ? 
  seriously i 'll just carry my fridge / oven etc on train with me . 
  we 'll see how deutsche bahn feel about that ? 
  seriously though find better accommodation , here in germany you struggle find places below a certain price because it 's expected to be of a standard , it does n't work that way in the uk . 
  if you find it expensive it 's probably because you 're living somewhere expensive . 
  seriously no . 
  they have n't had power for hundreds of years , the uk massively contributed to the modern concept of democracy . 
  stop judging a country by what is essential a tradition , we like our traditions . 
  that 's your subjective bias . 
  everyone has less of an accent when singing , it 's well known . 
  furthermore you ca n't not have an accent , everyone has an accent , american is not the absent of an accent , your accents are so distinctive we can hear you 100 metres away . 
  he said sbe - southern british english , was non-rhotic . 
  when what he means is is southern standard british english is non-rhotic . 
  not really worth it since i 'm not in the country . 
  my isarcard is far cheaper !, 
  mostly because the people on the island are british and wish to remain so . 
  if a small town of any nationality was invaded you 'd expect that country to act . 
  no one cared because the land , they cared that a few hundred people who called themselves british had their town invaded by a foreign military . 
  same principle in northern ireland , if it was n't for the large number of british loyalists there i doubt the claim would 've been maintained past ww2 . 
  of their industries that were operating at a loss . 
  i 'm not condoning what thatcher did but change was inevitable . 
  - t 's are dropped in some working class accents . 
  - r 's are not pronounced by most british accent when not followed by a vowel this is called a non-rhotic accent and it was a victorian attempt to make the language more attractive . 
  it 's also true of north eastern american accents and australian . 
  - h 's are again dropped by working class accents , this used to be an upper class trait brought over by french influence that fell out of fashion . 
  certain vowels are dropped in words to make them shorter to say . 
  again this is a french habit that was picked up by the english . 
  for example `` maintenant '' in french the - e is silent , in british english the word library the - a is often silent . 
  words have never been spelt as pronounced in english , at least for hundreds of years , in many ways it 's a good thing because it halts the diversion of language into unintelligible dialects , loan words retain their native spelling , which then gets interpreted over time , for example formidable in english and formidable in french , different pronunciation and meanings but the same words . 
  that 's false , only true of busy london railway stations . 
  in germany it 's fucking every public toilet almost . 
  hmm maybe not really though . 
  in the 60s nationalisation was good , it 's been the influence of the modern america empire fuelling the modern drive towards privatisation . 
  they 'd have been gone ages ago if they were n't so much more interested in the prosperity of the country than the bloody democratic commons . 
  they do n't really have the power to stop bills they just get to have them rewritten when they think the commons is doing something stupid . 
  squash/cordial is concentrate . 
  if you drank it neat you 'd be sick . 
  do n't know where you heard that mate , utter bollocks , almost all cars some with holders and everyone can drink and drive , just no booze mind !, 
  we 'll stop putting butter on everything when americans stop putting mayo on everything . 
  that 's bollocks to be honest . 
  that whole rumour comes from the fact people drink ale , a drink that pre-dates the existence of cooling technology and therefore is designed to be drunk at the temperature of a cellar . 
  drinking it chilled is like drinking chilled red wine , totally uncouth . 
  we 've virtually eliminated salmonella with vaccinations , which means we can leave the natural protective layer produced by the chick on the eggs . 
  this layer allows them to stay fresh for weeks at room temperature . 
  american big industry refuses to do this because they think it 'll cost too much ( a big load of bollocks but they 're obsessed with profits ) , so they barbarically wash of this natural layer with industrial hoses meaning the eggs go off quicker and need to be chilled . 
  the us still has far more cases of salmonella than the uk per capita despite this . 
  taking your shoes off indoors is working class , you should n't be walking the mud anyway . 
  words do n't sound negative , if you 've not been around the word how would you know it 's connotations ? 
  it 's certainly less offensive than geek or nerd . 
  do n't worry american english annoys the hell out of us too . 
  you know how janice from friends sounds to you ? 
  well that 's how many regular americans sound to us . 
  worse , lincolnshire, 
  `` at the weekend * '', 
  yes because an island with 60 million people was surely suited to rule 1/3 of the world once the rest of the world caught up to their technological advantage . 
  utter bullshit , no idea where this myth comes from . 
  it comes from the german you arschloch !, 
  oh you mean like how britain is a surveillance state with over 9000 cctv cameras , or how somehow violent crime is much higher than the us because we do n't have guns and the us only defines about 4 crimes as violent and we have about 100 , or how we hate freedom of speech because we do n't allow people to send death threats over facebook , or how we 're being taken over by islam and are implementing sharia law , or how we 're all racists because the edl and ukip are a thing ? 
  because i hear this shit from americans all the time and it 's all complete bollocks only believed by people who do n't live here !, 
  i was with you on the first point but then you lost me with this equally elitist . 
  i believe the dutch and belgies are also big fans of those starchy sticks, 
  it 's not hard to get a gun , quit your bullshit . 
  i got the joke , some of these downvotes may have come from the colonies . 
  you 're a massive cunt chap !, 
  i 'd rather have some meaningless titled folk retain their traditions than a country ran by lobbyists !, 
  us accents are fucking effete chap !, 
  whiny girls even the blokes !, 
  exactly mayo on a sandwich !, 
  the only sandwiches mayo should be touching are egg or tuna or prawn !, 
  maybe chicken at a stretch . 
  i mean really now mayo on a cheese sandwich , can you think of anything more perverse . 
  the us does inherit it 's laissez-faire politics and protestant notions of self-determination and pulling oneself up by the bootstraps from the uk , but that was a long time ago . 
  in the 20th century the uk swung towards more european ideas of socialism whilst the us clung to these old ideals that had become unfashionable across the pond .
