  i did n't say they would prefer it , i 'm just saying that given american pizza is available and italian is not , there 's no way of knowing which they would prefer had they the choice . 
  like someone said earlier in the thread many japanese believe pizza hut to be an italian restaurant ( in the sense of the cuisine being italian , not in the sense of it being owned and operated by an italian company ) . 
  as more choice becomes available who know what kind of pizza will becomes preferred , perhaps asia will innovate its own style , only time will tell . 
  [ not really a counterpoint , but an explanation of religious logic might approach them problem ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/videos/comments/2u6j92/stephen_fry_on_god/co5ucgs ), 
  look i 'm not arguing for or against the argument . 
  like i said i 'm personally not religious . 
  please read the rest and you 'll see that . 
  they simply found other ways to resolve their cognitive dissonance between the desire for ethical rules to be immutable and the rational logic that they are not , or the problem never troubled them in the first place . 
  i 'm not religious nor am i arguing pro-theism . 
   except why would a god , that knows some people will fail the test , put them through it anyway . 
  why did god not make people the more perfect version to begin with ? 
  my point was that god did not put them through it , they could have remained in heaven with god , the people choose to do so either out of a desire to prove their love of him or because it was rationally beneficial to them as immortal beings . 
  perhaps those that fail merely go back to how they were before , so they 're not really losing anything , after an eternity of perfection with god perhaps a finite amount of suffering with nothing to lose seemed appealing , hell perhaps the people god had provided a perfect existence for begged him to create these trials for them . 
   the answer to ` why be good ? ', 
  is that it benefits us . 
  if you 're good to others , they will be good to you . 
  having a symbiotic relationship benefits both parties and those parties participating have a higher survival rate . 
  through natural selection , good people became dominant . 
  i pretty much covered that , most of the time ethics can be explained as rationally beneficial , when we had to principles of justice and punishment then it becomes even more rational . 
  my point was that perhaps the notion of religion arose to try and make sense of those situation where ethical behaviour seems irrational . 
  you could argue that those situations never exist , but i 'd find that hard to swallow . 
  well you 're being rather myopic . 
  i 'm not even a religious person , it 's just interesting to play devil 's advocate . 
  ok well that 's your choice . 
  no way is gandhi going on there . 
  he was by all mean not such a nice chap . 
   it 's not the only way , god is almighty remember ? 
  he can turn us into that without the suffering . 
  so yeah , it 's just sadistic . 
  not to say that he could n't do it another way , since that would contradict his omnipotence . 
  of course many might argue that god in his wisdom decided this was the best way for it to occur , but that prompts the question `` why ? '', 
  to which we can only say we do n't know we are n't god , which is where you really start getting to the heart of the god moves in mysterious ways idea . 
  the place where the religious are always going to attack the epicurean paradox is in the omnibenevolence aspect , since how can we mere mortals claim to know what is a malevolent act ? 
  especially compared to god in his omniscience . 
  they can argue it only seems to us that allowing his creation to endure suffering on earth when he is able to achieve any ends without it , in the same way that withholding a sword from its rightful owner seems like theft when one does n't know the man is suffering madness . 
  that 's kind of what i was getting at by claiming what if becoming a human were a choice with no lasting consequences for failure . 
  a wilful act of free choice . 
  it makes it seems less malevolent should god be able but not willing to end suffering/evil . 
  of course there are also theologies that put free will beyond the remit of god , that seems to put logic outside of god 's power and cuts into his omnipotence . 
  `` good jaab moovie theaterr !, 
  good jaab '' cue clapping, 
  compassionate lol , you think animals are people :d, 
  yeah reddit is such an anti-american circlejerk , i know let 's have another murica fuck yeah thread with +4000 upvotes on the homepage . 
  not in a way comparative to humans who possess intellect and self-awareness no . 
  while i would n't condone wanton animal cruelty i do n't think they possess higher functions significant enough to warrant not farming and eating them . 
  maybe , but would you push the fat man on the train tracks if would save 10 averagely sized people ? 
  because utilitarianism would say you should . 
  i would n't underestimate the power that the categorical imperative has . 
  more modern interpretations would take the imperative further and say `` if i were jewish and hiding in an attic would i want someone to lie to protect me , if the answer is yes , then it is your moral duty to lie '' since this can become a rule by which to act . 
  silly i know but it avoids the ridiculous generalised moral laws of kant 's formation . 
  plenty of moral philosophers think the imperative can be saved in new formations , but under all them it would be immoral to push the fat man , since it 's the ethical status of the act and not the ends that determines its moral justification . 
  that is to say , deontological ethics is still somewhat influential . 
  i disagree . 
  when a plant is injured by fire or whatever , never responses cause a reaction which makes the plant recoil away from the source of the injury . 
  this is a simple feedback loop in many ways no different from a computer sending impulses to it 's processor . 
  animals however are not like plants in that they have a more developed sense of awareness , what most animals do n't have though ( we can argue about more intelligent forms of life but i do n't intend on eating any dolphins or great apes ) is a sense of self awareness . 
  they are not aware of their being aware , they simply have a an openness to their environment . 
  yes if you harm one it will exhibit signs of being in distress , to compare that distress to your own form of distress is comparing apples and microphones . 
  same with their experience of suffering . 
  animals do not grieve or have thought patterns comparable to humans , thus to feel compassion for them is illogical . 
  just because they have an identical nervous system to us does not entail we should feel sorry for them the same way we feel for humans , suffering is not in the nervous system but in the brain , the nervous system is just the wiring . 
  pigs will happily eat their dead and starve their children , chickens are dumb as rocks , we anthropomorphise them from their behaviour , but there 's really nothing there have an emotional response about . 
  thus i do not particularly care about improving their well being massively . 
  sure it 's cruel to wantonly harm them when it can easily be avoided , but to forgo a natural form of protein merely because you 're mistaking them as having human like emotional capacities is silly . 
  that 's a bit of an oversimplification . 
  in the jews hiding in the attic example it 's ok to lie because the moral imperative to preserve the life of a human outranks the moral imperative not to lie . 
  however in the fat man on the train example you 're not to take your imperative from what the people on the train would want , but to put yourself in the shoes of the fat man . 
  the reason for this is because murder is equal to murder , deontologists would ignore the scale of the murder and put one death one equal footing as 10 . 
  we can more or less assume that if you were the fat man you would not want to be pushed on the track to save the people , therefore the moral imperative is not the kill the fat man . 
  in this case you have to take your moral imperative from the individual who serves as the means and not the ends . 
  yes , it does lead to the situation where it 's wrong kill one person to save the entire human race , but some deontological scholars would argue that pragmatism and ethics are not the same thing . 
  whilst we would all pragmatically choose to kill the individual to save the planet that does n't mean it 's right to do so . 
  if you do n't believe that this type of morality is influential in our society look at our legal system . 
  in plenty of systems around the world , if you shoot someone and in doing so save 10 lives you 'll still face charges for murder . 
  imagine a hostage terrorist gives you a gun and says kill this guy or i 'll execute 10 people right now and you do so , most legal systems would not see that as a mitigating circumstance since you committed the immoral act of murder regardless of the situation . 
  not something i necessarily agree with but i would say modern european ethics tries to strike a balance between deontological and consequentialist ethics . 
  naturally there are certain animals we would never eat purely for this reason . 
  think if you offered someone fried gorilla they 'd be appalled . 
  i think you 're missing my point slightly . 
  for starters failing the test is really inconsequential in the grand scheme of things since they just return to their previous state . 
  also if we suppose a theology wherein god can not , or out of benevolence does not , interfere with free will . 
  then he could n't or would n't have known they would 've failed the test . 
  furthermore i have doubt that religion has been used throughout history to control people do n't get me wrong . 
  but that does not explain its psychological potency in convincing people to subscribe to it . 
  the idea that if you want to control people you can just make up this thing called god and everyone will happily go along with it is unrealistic . 
  it needs a further explanation to why it came about in the first place . 
  oh and i think you 're crazy if you think it 's always rational to do the good thing . 
  i 'm not saying ethical behaviour is n't overall beneficial to the individual to subscribe to provided others play along too , i think that 's the primary factor in explaining ethics . 
  my point is that it 's not true all of time , leading to a cognitive dissonance , a dissonance that can be reconciles by the rectification of god as the ultimate arbiter . 
  the people who abuse it harm themselves with the paracetamol not the codeine . 
  most countries have legal co-codamol good stuff if you break something but the doctors do n't want to give you anything harder . 
  a few idiots will try and extract the codeine , and every year a few fail to do it properly and destroy their liver with paracetamol . 
  no different to the idiots who drink themselves to death really . 
   i would argue it 's simplistic to the point of absurdity to not consider scale . 
  obviously a holocaust is far worse than the execution of one jew in the street . 
  well what a deontologist would say is even though we may well choose to kill the individual , that does n't make it right . 
  the person who does the killing should suffer the same punishment as any other murderer . 
   if the proposed moral system claims we should let the entire human race die because it 's wrong to kill one person , that strikes me as a reductio ad absurdum . 
  deontology strikes me as a fundamentalist and pigheaded approach to morality , no offense intended if you subscribe to it . 
  i do n't subscribe to it .
