  you can also playing hurling and ice hockey here but they do n't get much press . 
  we have all the sports, 
  you play gridiron, 
  russia is n't a colony, 
  it 's not exactly like blowing up a bunch of british allies in iraq because they have orange missiles instead of the colour you 're accustomed to is it ? 
  i agree ( was n't me who downvoted ) , i was merely demonstrating the point that / u/kronicskeet has not right to criticise the australian military for this minor fuck up when the american military ( and others ) have fucked up much worse . 
  i 'm sure silly shit like this happens in the american military every day . 
  would n't say that , where 's your crackers , christmas pudding , brussel sprouts ? 
  completely unrelatedly , i 'm british and we have some nice cadbury 's chocolate , but i 've actually got to say my favourite chocolate is milka , which is actually pretty cheap . 
  i do n't know what they 're doing to it but milka chocolate is the shit . 
  and they say there is no pro-american circlejerk , when was the last time american troops engaged the chinese ? 
  wtf the fuck is wrong with these mentally deranged war mongering people ? 
  oh yeah because ukraine = eu right , it 's not at all a country at used to be heavily allied with russia until its people tried to break away in recent years and now russia is trying to claim in back . 
  of course we should risk ww3 over its eastern regions . 
  fuck off back to / r/murica you lowlife retard . 
  european blood ? 
  are you a nazi now ? 
  it 's fucking nothing to do with them being geographically european ( many russians are too if you had n't noticed ) , it 's to do with politics retard . 
  up until recently ukraine has not been politically allied with the eu , therefore they are not part of us . 
  i suppose if the eastern most part of russia had a revolution and wanted to be part of the usa you 'd be risking nuclear war to ensure they were not reclaimed by russia right ? 
  actually you 'd tell them to fuck off whilst we 'd welcome ukraine to the eu if we could get it politically stable . 
  fuck off you subhuman piece of shit . 
  [ ordinary american ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v3x0yhtz9zw ), 
  oh do fuck off . 
  north american countries are allied with you , in nato , and so forth . 
  if you had a part of north america that was as politically apart from you as ukraine you would n't do shit . 
  all that is happening is that a russian puppet state is trying to break away from its master , we support them , but it 's not our responsibility to protect them with troops on the groud them as if they were a part of the eu . 
  ukraine is about as much part of the eu as chukotka okrug is part of north america . 
   is that neccacary ? 
  necessary * , yes because the agenda you espouse makes you lower than pond scum . 
  you 're agenda is subverting truth and cowardice in itself . 
  i 'm sorry you were born retarded , but that 's just life . 
  there 's no such word as cowardness , perhaps your inability to command your mother tongue should prompt you to contemplate the [ dunning-kruger effect ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/dunning%e2%80%93kruger_effect ) , leading you to conclude that all your opinions are , in truth , the product of your own mental inadequacy . 
  i think it better than galaxy . 
  cabury 's is nice but a little too rich for my tastes , galaxy is less rich but has always tasted a bit too artificial to me . 
  milka is the perfect balance imo . 
  i 'm sure this makes mine and many other people 's parent 's half-arsed but well intentioned parenting seem preferable to your parent 's whole-arsed parenting . 
  i can completely understand the no tv , radio , headphones , books , etc. 
  rules . 
  that 's completely normal for me if you 're having a proper sit down meal . 
  the no conversation is completely fucked up though , totally defeats the purpose of having a sit down meal . 
  if i have kids i would also insist they do n't bring any amusements to the table and actually talk to each other . 
  i was like fair enough they bought you some nice stuff ... oh, 
  my grandma was very against saying `` what ? 
  '' , she 'd want us to say `` pardon ? '', 
  or `` i beg your pardon ? '' . 
  i found however that etiquette wise saying `` what ? '', 
  is correct and saying `` pardon ? '', 
  and `` i beg your pardon ? '', 
  were habits of overreaching parvenus . 
  which was actually a myth that spread amongst the common folk trying to imitate the upper classes . 
  saying `` what ? '', 
  is actually the correct way to do it . 
  it 's not that bad really . 
  i feel that people who have bad experiences on holiday in the uk do n't go into it prepared . 
  uk is not a holiday resort , you ca n't just turn up and expect it to be geared up for you . 
  i feel like many tourists , especially those outside of europe , come here with unrealistic expectations . 
  i mean check the areas you 're going to be staying . 
  a lot of the uk is n't picturesque or oldie worldy at all , of the oldie worldy parts some are quite relatively economically deprived and out of the way . 
  do n't want to eat shit food ? 
  research that stuff before you get there , do n't wander into the first place you see and then complain the food is bad . 
  whenever i 've had people come over from abroad visiting the uk they 've always had a good time because i 've instructed them about what 's what . 
  no , staying in hull for a week is not a good idea , no weatherspoon 's is not a traditional pub with authentic food . 
  no staying in a travelodge in central london is not a good idea when you could stay somewhere much nicer or rent your own furnished in a decent area a few miles out with good transport links . 
  yes it does sometimes rain in august . 
  seems obvious to us but when people come without a clue they do some silly things . 
  heathrow is such a con , fucking huge arse signs for the heathrow express as well as ads playing on video boards advertising free wifi and the short travel time and shit . 
  then tiny little signs for the underground hidden in the corners . 
  price of the tube without an oystercard = about a fiver . 
  price of the heathrow express = 20 quid if you pay before and 25 if you just hop on . 
  i can just imagine a family of 6 jumping on the heathrow express like it 's nothing and getting murked of 150 quid before they even arrive in london . 
  it 's sad that we welcome international travellers to our country with a massive tourist trap rip off . 
  lol brum over liverpool any day !, 
  nah they 're both shit . 
  but in birmingham you 're in closer reach of better places !, 
  when the choice is the shit house in the good neighbourhood and the shit house in the bad neighbourhood the former wins every time . 
  [ mandatory ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=do1q7f23dxm ), 
  do n't make me laugh , birmingham has as much culture as liverpool or manchester . 
  none are particularly better than the other , this argument is so childish and retarded . 
  the only difference is brum does n't blow its own trumpet all day , mancs and scousers who bore on about how great they are are possibly the dullest people alive . 
  i still do n't understand . 
  does the 10 yard line move every down ? 
  or is it set at the beginning of a new set of four ? 
  how is the marker for the new line decided at the start of a new set of four ? 
  is it where place was at the end of the fourth down ? 
  why does play stop so a new down can be started ? 
  is it something to do with a player being on the floor ? 
  is contact allowed between players who are n't in possession of the ball ? 
  this video just made me more confused . 
  ok thanks a bunch but there is still some problems i do n't understand . 
  1 ) so imagine it 's the first down and the offence gets 3 yards . 
  how do they get these 3 yards ? 
  what do they have to do to after moving 3 yards forwards to achieve 3 yards and stop the play ? 
  2 ) i understand the the referees get the call on where the ball is placed , same way that the referee in football gets to call where a free kick is taken . 
  but with football the referee is meant to be basing their decision on where the foul has taken place . 
  so what is the referee basing his decision on in american football ? 
  i think the video missed this aspect out , it 's all well and good to say the offence needs to achieve 10 yards , but he does n't really say how yards are gained or what has to happen to end one down and for a new one to begin . 
  ok but why is it worth running ? 
  could n't you just chuck the ball down the end of the field and gain loads of yards from that ? 
  i think i get it now .
