  its not like the puritans were themselves tolerant , that 's what caused the friction in the first place . 
  and more actual holiday time instead . 
  enforced religious motivated long weekends in europe are kinda backwards as fuck and nothing to be proud of . 
  we just gave you a telling off frankly . 
  lol embarrassed by losing a few battles after routing you 1000 miles south of where you started and after a treaty had been signed ? 
  very embarrassing . 
  the british campaign was unstoppable until it overextended itself all the way of louisiana . 
  they could 've turned around and occupied the wealthy cities of the east coast but they did n't both because the purpose of the war was n't conquest and they did n't have the resources to hold all the ground they 'd covered . 
  really the purpose of that war was stop your lot getting cocky and encroaching on canadian territory . 
  a short sharp shock was really all it was . 
  they were n't even asking for 3 % taxes , they were asking for 3 % tariffs on various commodities to make sure the yankees bought british and stopped doing dodgy backroom deals with the dutch . 
  rules the world for over a century , biggest empire in the history of humanity , birthplace of the industrial revolution , invents the means for humanity to travel that did n't involve making animals our slaves to drag up around everywhere ... 
  gets called soft by an overweight american nerd posting from his mother 's basement . 
  poor britannia :(, 
  you 're a moron . 
  british english uses both `` practice '' and `` practise '' . 
  `` practise '' is the verb , `` practice '' is the noun . 
  this is quite common for words of this sort but america could n't deal with the complexity . 
  ask the presbyterians or the calvinists . 
  the church of england has never been `` puritanical '' , it 's actually what we call `` high protestantism '' , which means it 's about as close to catholicism as protestants get . 
  the country with very high dental health compared to the global average ? 
  where all children get full comprehensive cover for free until they 're 18 and where even adults can get heavily subsidised care ? 
  about time this outdated ww2 stereotype died a death . 
  yeah , and our law , culture , and language with it you wankers . 
  no american revolution = no french revolution = no napoleon = no ww1 = no ww2, 
  that said , the age of monarchy and emperors would 've lasted a lot longer so who knows what kind of civilisation we 'd live in now . 
  maybe something steampunk-esque like dishonoured or something . 
  we have no way of knowing if it would happen or not , but the us revolution was often cited as something that set a precedent the revolutionaries in france could follow , so it 's safe to say that without it it would 've been less likely to happen . 
  furthermore , the idea that napoleon did n't affect ww1 is naive , it set a precedent for european conquest that the kaiser imitated a century later . 
  most likely would n't have been a war , or at least not the same war . 
  one thing to consider though is that if america had remained a uk colony its population probably would n't have boomed in the 19th century as much as it did . 
  also loss of the first empire in na was what spurred britain eastwards , so places like india might be completely different . 
  and my point is that without napoleon the political landscape in europe would have looked so different that anything like the same war occurring is very unlikely . 
  yeah something like that . 
  you never know though , modern democracy might never have happened . 
  humanity might have entered the digital era while still in a society with aristocrats and royals actually being important and wielding strong political influence . 
  i think in the us the preferred term is ranch , and the uk you 'd say stables . 
  do n't listen to that guy , `` horse farm '' is fine and completely obvious . 
  it 's slightly odd sounding because we do n't usually see horses as being `` farmed '' in the english speaking world because we do n't generally eat them or consume anything they produce . 
  we talk about horses being `` bred '' because they are raised for a purpose e.g racing , jumping , riding etc. 
  farming focuses on the production of food . 
  that 's pretty much a myth actually . 
  the idea that the royals were `` decaying '' due to interbreeding simply is n't the case . 
  humans can survive relatively well in much smaller breeding pools than we tend to imagine . 
  sure you got the odd genetic disorder , but mostly nothing that would impair someone from normal function . 
  i think people believe this idea because of the madness of king george , but in reality king george was a highly intelligent man for most of his life until he developed his affliction . 
  or whom ? 
  she 's a poundland nicki minaj ( who is also pretty bad ) . 
  edit : why people downvoting lol ? 
  nicki minaj fans ? 
  celta does n't teach you to teach children . 
  a large part of becoming a teacher is 1 ) learning to work in an institution in which you 're responsible for children in loco parentis 2 ) learning how to teach children . 
  tefl is really just about proving you are able to give adults the information they need to learn a language . 
  you are their learning guide . 
  teaching kids is about learning ways to get vital life information into children regardless of whether they want to learnt it or not . 
  children are not comparable to adult students who voluntarily submit themselves to a process in order to improve themselves , they are developmental . 
  ultimately it 's an entirely different job altogether . 
  i would compare celta to a qualification that allows to teach in an adult further education institution ( not a higher education institution ) , the teaching skills you need are equivalent to those needed to teach a vocational adult education course . 
  no german dictionaries do n't give you that much information . 
  if wish duden gave more information about how verbs can be used . 
  it might give you some examples and a break down of a word 's conjugation / declension , but that 's because these dictionaries get used by native speakers to check whether a certain usage is `` official '' . 
  something that english does n't find necessary . 
  `` who plays football '' ? 
  - request for information about the subject of the verb `` play '' the `` actor '' . 
  `` who do you play ? '', 
  - request for information about the object of a verb `` play '' the one who is `` played '' . 
  ultimately it comes down to their belief that too much focus is put on the narrative that ireland is a celtic country , they want to pursue the angle that the celts were also foreign imperialists no different from the later protestant settlements . 
  as ever with ireland the history is massively politicised and having a fair and objective discussion about it is hard . 
  while it is true that the celts came from europe , it happened in a vastly historical context from the british / anglo-scottish relationship with the island of ireland . 
  unionists want to push the idea that these two migrations were equivalent , the nationalists obviously do n't think any fair or valid comparisons can be drawn . 
  what she 's essentially saying is that the majority celtic culture of ireland as no more right to the island of ireland because they also came from somewhere else at some point too . 
  while anyone with an knowledge of history knows this to be true , the celts did migrate to ireland , ( although i 'm sure some radical nationalists would deny it ) , equating a migration that started thousands of years ago with one that happened much more recently is intellectually dishonest . 
  i 've never watched archer *, 
  the possibility of watching archer still exists for you , you 're not dead or blind , so you need the present perfect . 
  also archer is a proper noun and you 've forgotten to capitalise , stupid . 
  objectively there is a comparison to be drawn . 
  politically that comparison has very little clout . 
  must we always be simplistic ... 
  point is that german dictionaries are more about usage whereas uk dictionaries are more about meaning . 
  many german dictionaries do n't even have definitions . 
  the paper version of duden has no definitions . 
  dragged *, 
  unless you 're american ? 
  all be it  albeit , cool right ? 
  this is the bbc that gave as much air time to `` angry in walthamstow '' and `` outraged from skegness '' as it did to expert economists and people who 'd actually understood how the eu worked . 
  i was amazed by the amount of dumb shit that the let people say to the nation completely unchallenged by facts or data . 
  british english speaker problems are bad on duolingo , but they were even worse in the past . 
  it took twice as long to complete the french and german trees because i insisted on submitting all my answers as i naturally would with the british spelling . 
  vegetarian can be an adjective or a noun . 
  the noun is pluralised as vegetarians . 
  consequently , it 's possible to say either `` they are vegetarians '' or `` they are vegetarian '' . 
  vegetarian as an adjective is quite flexible and can be applied to either meat-free food or a person who does n't eat meat . 
  the problem was that those government did mismanage national industry . 
  look at british leyland for a perfect example . 
  fantastic company with a long legacy of not only financial success , but also providing well paid jobs to skilled labourer with working class backgrounds . 
  there was always a battle between management and the workers in those days . 
  what a lot of people forget is that the people holding the reigns really did fuck up , mostly because they were the deeply conservative venerated war generation who had no sense at all for the future of the economy and the way the wind was blowing . 
  [ just replace world of warcraft with `` life '' . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tg2pd-dwsiw ), 
  the only problem is that in life you have to get money to survive .
