  not in germany , holland or the uk though and i do n't think they 're rife with dog attacks . 
  perhaps if more people were condescending we would n't live in a culture that has legitimised stupidity . 
  yes . 
  let 's make laws for the minority of bad not the majority of good . 
  that is surely a way to promote responsibility and good character over pettiness and restriction on personal freedom within society . 
  if you muzzle your sick/dangerous dog then we 're all dandy . 
  lol , no , punishment has never worked ever , shaming has never worked ever , these are no effective means of social control . 
  instead let 's stress everyone up in cotton wool so people can take their shitty badly trained dogs for a walk with just as much ease as someone who bothered to socialise their dogs so they wo n't attack other people 's pets . 
  let 's have the good dogs disadvantaged by never having the freedom to be in public without a leash because of a few bad eggs . 
  similarly , let 's get rid of public privacy and freedom because some people choose to do bad things with it . 
  let 's treat everyone like they were bad , guilty until proven innocent , people always respond positively to that mentality and definitely wo n't sink to the level they are treated at . 
  cool story bro . 
  i can see how nationalistic bias might be clouding your judgement , but the reality is that much of the developed world functions well without blanket leash bans , and dogs are the same regardless of where you are in the world . 
  please tell me what other factor could be different ? 
  so i guess it 's just something in the air in north america that makes it impossible for society to function with people walking dogs without leashes ? 
  something that is n't present in the atmosphere of much of western europe ? 
  as that seems like the only possible explanation left . 
  i think that 's borderline authoritarian mate . 
  they take responsibility , train them , or keep them muzzled and leashed when in public . 
   even if their dog is friendly does n't mean mine is . 
  maybe it should be your legal obligation to make sure you dog is rather than mine to keep my nice dog on a leash ... 
  in many countries the whole of nature is considered a dog park . 
  you repeat something enough people start to believe it . 
  unless you live in one of them many countries where it 's normal . 
  then go crazy because it works fine there . 
  yeah , do n't try that in countries like the uk where unleashed dogs are legal , it 's your dog that would end up put down for biting there . 
  oh and in norway and sweden it 's only during the summer months due to environmental concerns . 
  in countries like these it 's ultimately your responsibility for your dogs actions . 
  that means if you dog ca n't be trusted to not react aggressively when approached by a non-aggressive dog then you can either muzzle it or only walk it in more built up areas where it wo n't encounter unleashed dogs , that said , in built up areas it will be expected to pass other leashed dogs and we do n't cross the road when we see other dog owners . 
  it works fine as a system , and i must say that most unleashed dogs i see are highly disciplined to the point that they wo n't approach strange dogs unless their owners permits it . 
  i 'm just telling you what the law is here where i live . 
  your anti-social dog is your problem . 
  if it ca n't behave around unleashed dogs it should be muzzled or taken to a specific areas where unleashed dogs are not permitted ( kinda like a reverse dog park , but in reality most built up areas and some smaller and extremely busy parks have this rule ) . 
  some people have phobias of toilet seats and the colour purple too . 
  it 's not society 's job to cater to your irrational fears . 
  you can of course get free therapy if you do n't have any money here though . 
  the mentality in the us might be that you should keep on a leash unless it 's a leash free area , whereas the mentality here is that your dog should be able to be to around unleashed dogs and if not kept to mandatory leashed areas . 
  it 's entirely plausible and works well , and if you ever visit a country where unleashed dogs in public are permitted then it 's you who should keep your dogs to areas where leashes are mandated . 
  their freedom to walk their dogs with good friendly dogs unleashed is unrestricted . 
  your freedom to walk your aggressive or antisocial dogs is restricted . 
  that 's how it works in many places . 
  what seems most backward to me is preventing friendly dogs from roaming unleashed just because you might turn up with your antisocial dog on a leash . 
  i know what he said . 
  does n't change the fact that where i live there are zero problems with dogs , and unleashed dogs in parks , beaches , and rural areas is the norm . 
  plenty of countries function perfectly well without a blanket ban on unleashed dogs in public spaces . 
  you say that 's `` just how a dog 's mind works '' ... yet these places function perfectly without such rules . 
  the guy is some kind of dog leashing zealot and he 's spouting shit . 
  being a dick to people who say and do stupid things is n't always a bad thing . 
  western culture is safe spaced enough as it is . 
  except there not , in the park some people walk their dogs with leashes , others run around near their owners . 
  the dogs are well trained so they rarely come bounding up to people with dogs on leads anyway . 
  how it works near me . 
  public spaces where dogs need n't be kept on a lead = all areas that are n't built up with commercial or residential buildings , almost all public parks , public beach area , areas of wilderness . 
  public spaces where dogs must be kept on leads = built up residential and commercial areas , some smaller inner city parks , very busy beaches , protected natural habitats that roaming dogs could affect . 
  they were sold a false narrative and lack the ability to assess that narrative , simple as that . 
  there was also an element of xenophobia even if people do n't like to acknowledge it , see that video with the `` send 'em back ! '', 
  bloke . 
  that mentality is not that hard to find in working class communities because these people grew up in a xenophobic era and never let go of their private convictions . 
  sadly , a lot of these people wo n't change their opinion now because 1 ) they 're not people who tend to change their mind and would rather go down with their ship , so to say 2 ) they are not remotely clued into the political or economic world and as far as they 're concerned as long as they 're are n't major lay offs then the economy is dandy . 
  it 's also of note that the average voting age has shifted ever older in the last few decades and that old people are less worried about their current situation ( we currently have the richest pensioner ever who do nothing but moan about not having more ) and more susceptible to golden age narratives . 
  i think his historically was the case but the leave campaign has shown this to no longer to be the case . 
  british people used to be very adverse to any kind of ideological politics , because they clearly remember the 70s and early 80s when ideological clash was much more of an issue . 
  now ideology is making a return to british politics in a big way . 
  if remain had foreseen that britons were voting with their emotions and not in a calculated fashion they might have run a better campaign . 
   each of those defences was taken by leavers as a slight at the uk . . that `` it 's flawed , but ok '' was the best the uk could hope for, 
  yeah , those remainers should probably take some time to remember the uk 's disastrous economic policy prior to joining the common market and how we basically managed to run british economy into the ground and destroyed our manufacturing base by just generally being bad at what we were trying to do . 
  ( thatcher might have stuck the knife in but british industry , see british leyland etc. 
  was already the sick man of europe at the time ) . 
  it would n't be a false statement if somewhat condescending . 
  honestly , i think all the most beautiful things about the british political and social character are being eroded by hysteria and reactionary thinking , most often by those who claim to be attempting to defend our nation . 
  the best things about britain to me were :, 
  - naturally suspicious in the face of moralisers and moral panic ( sure people like this always existed by but have always been ruthlessly satirised ) . 
  - liberal morality , stressing personal choice and the freedom to do what you want behind closed doors . 
  sure the church of england as always stressed the putting forth an impeccable moral face on things but we 've never been ones for prying . 
  we 've generally been very tolerant . 
  this is the nation that allowed thinkers like bertrand russell to be highly influential in the mid 20th century despite what was , for the time , scandalous personal behaviour . 
  typically sceptical of absolutist moral theory that has pervaded in other countries at points in history . 
  - anti-authoritarian disposition , naturally suspicious of rules with generally little calls for rules to govern the minutiae of day to day life , in some countries everyone passes on the pavement on the right hand side , everyone waits exactly x number of minutes before removing someone 's clothing from the machine in the launderette . 
  britain has always been able to get by without needing to endlessly regulate and standardise social behaviour . 
  only in britain will you see so many people allowing people out at junctions despite their not having right of way . 
  also people have been historically loath to involve authority in trivial matters . 
  in many countries they have petty bureaucrats that function like the police for trivial matter walking around in uniforms and responding to calls , this seems thoroughly un-british . 
  - a focus on good character and good intention over results or strict application of rules . 
  a focus on the spirit of the law/rule over its word . 
  this shows itself in the very british concept of good sportsmanship , we despise those people who are `` technically correct '' or exploit the rules in a way that obviously was n't intended . 
  - a `` casual way '' , contrasted with outward formality and manners , the ability to make do with what is at hand and not feel delegitimised in any sense . 
  not casual in the sense the french have been considered casual , which might be better characterised as not giving a fuck , but rather a lack of dependence on signifiers of propriety . 
  we 're just as happy eating chip sitting on a pier as we are having a fine dinner on the promenade . 
  - british pragmatism , best seen in contrast perhaps with german efficiency or french artistry . 
  efficiency might be best defined as being extremely thorough but requiring a great deal of fuss in being so , whereas pragmatism would be the ability to immediately start getting things done without much ado . 
  - deferential without being false or creeping/overly subservient . 
  a healthy balance between american cringing fake smiles and european contemptuous reluctant service . 
  sadly i do n't think these elements of what i thought it meant to be british are being preserved in our culture as we slide ever more towards authoritarianism combined with some strange unwarranted sense of moral decline , as we become increasingly reactionary and angry self-righteousness permeates our culture assisted by the media . 
  we 're gradually becoming more and more humourless , more and more severe , and are losing our healthy sense of disregard which once differentiated us from america and parts of europe . 
  edit : i 'll add that this submission is clearly alt-right propaganda aimed at stirring british nationalism / euroscepticism as part of russia 's balkanisation of europe policy . 
  well it 's rather suspicious , this kind of patriotic and outdated exposition on national character has been cropping up on reddit a lot recently . 
  this particular could easily be seen as an invocation of national pride combined with an attempt to allay people 's fears about britain 's slide towards right wing populism . 
  maybe , you 're legit , or maybe you have an agenda , there 's no way for us to know . 
  point taken though , 
  i think since the 90s we 've definitely gone in that direction , as the orwell essay points out `` nosey parker '' used to be a common insult in britain .
