  hes random 2 of course but i want 2 meet more random ppl  like they say the more the merrier !!!!, 
  lol ... neways i hope 2 make alot of friends here so give me lots of replieses !, 
  traps and cp ,, 
  anonymous, 
  did you know scientists have proved that people ** insert wildly misinterpreted piece of pop psychology ** these people are often even more annoying that people with far out beliefs since they 'll try and cast you as irrational for doubting their `` science '', 
  unless you 're saying the commuter belt around bristol has bad schools that 's not really relevant . 
  no way , other forms of intelligence exist , `` street smartz '' however is basically just saying you 're good at selling drugs . 
  edit : wow from the response people really care about street smarts , just to be clear i 'm not saying the skills people use the term street smarts to refer to do n't exist , i just think lumping them altogether and suggesting they 're somehow related to the street as `` street smarts '' is just wrong and suggests you fancy yourself some type of gangster . 
  you are awesome . 
  also fuck those people who try to use qm to justify all sorts of magical bollocks or somehow undermine conventional logic . 
  and the same for socialism and communism . 
  well that was confusing until i realised you meant gridiron, 
  that 's just poverty , having lived in cities all my life the hat thing is not something i 've ever heard of anyone having a problem with . 
  no that 's social intelligence , nothing to do with `` the streetz '', 
  having common sense is properly called `` common sense '' or being `` practical '' , using `` street smarts '' in that sense is just stupid , it has nothing to do with being from the `` streets '' . 
  i do n't know anyone who calls it that . 
  `` streetwise '' perhaps , but that does n't claim to be a form of a intelligence and it more about knowing things about living in a city . 
  i assure you for most people common sense is well , common sense . 
  getting lice sounds like you 're in a very impoverished area . 
  millions of people live where i live and everybody tries on hats with a problem . 
  also if `` street smartz '' boils down to that then it 's just being `` streetwise '' and not a form of intelligence at all , it 's just about knowing some city facts about urban environments . 
   we would love a town near a major city, 
  op has already stated that he does not want to live in the city , he was asking what the cities , the ones he 'd potentially be nearby , have to offer . 
  that 's why i 'm talking about the cities and their general areas . 
  at least read the thread . 
  well if you do n't try on hats how do you know which size to buy ? 
  if i visit my local men 's outfitters ( or haberdashery to some ) , i need to try on the hats to know that they sit well on my head ? 
  trying on t-shirts ? 
  well you need to pull them over your head do n't you , and other people may well have done that too , does do n't try on t-shirts also apply ? 
  i find this idea very perplexing . 
  even then it 's usually that the study make a far meeker claim than they 've chosen to extrapolate from the summary they read in the newspaper . 
  i just think it 's nonsense . 
  if you want to say you 've accustomed to the ways of city life say `` streetwise '' , if you want to say you 're socially aware than say that , practically minded then say that . 
  do n't make it more than it is by calling it `` street smarts '' so a bunch of gobby kids can console themselves for not trying harder in school as if there were something remarkable about knowing how to minimise your chances of getting mugged . 
  i 'm not denying that , i just think it 's a stupid term . 
  imo people who are really those things would rather describe themselves as socially astute , nobody 's fool etc. 
  in my experience people who think of those traits as being `` street smarts '' are ali g like imbeciles who think there 's something especially clever about being from `` the streets '' . 
  how so ? 
  i would say they 're all economic-social-political . 
  communism however wants to abolish the monetary system and all forms of property , people living to serve the greater good and everyone having an equal share in society . 
  socialism is just a revision of capitalism that takes into account its critique and regulate business and redistribute wealth through social institutions to create greater social justice for all . 
  it 's alroit or roit ? 
  where i am, 
  i find your calling each other sir and ma'am weird . 
  in the uk `` sir '' is always how you refer to someone in a social hierarchy . 
  in a good shop the assistants will call you sir , at school all male teachers were `` sir '' to the point of ridiculousness , you might say `` sir 's gone to the staff room '' like it was his name but female teachers were always miss. 
  people with a knighthood are called sir too . 
  ma'am is sometimes used in the military for female officers sometimes . 
  calling any old older adult outside of a defined social hierarchy sir would get you funny looks though . 
  we will bury you, 
  calling it `` your '' history is a bit strong is n't it ? 
  the native americans have 10,000 years of history that is true , unless you are one i do n't think you have any right to it . 
  not american but do n't expect food to be the same , what passes as a `` european '' dish in most of america is something completely different . 
  for example i know if i go to french restaurant in the uk or germany it wo n't be as good as one in france but it will be at least be a reasonable semblance , not in the us . 
  particularly bad for this is cheap italian restaurants . 
  there are exceptions to this in big cities but they 're special cases . 
  lamb is weirdly far less popular !, 
  that 's not what it means though . 
  nobody 's fool does n't mean smarter than everyone on every conceivable topic . 
  it just means that same as `` i am nobodies bitch '' , nobody is taking advantage of me . 
  you sound like a right arsehole . 
  we have plenty of good words for the skills that come under `` street smarts '' , all of them separate and none of them apart from being streetwise are anything to do with having spent time `` in the streets '' . 
  you can tell all that from a reddit post , good for you . 
  i think being there when the history was occurring before they had their lands forcibly taken from them gives them that claim . 
  i think you 'll find all the best men 's outfitters located in the city , oxford street springs to mind and you do n't get more inner city than that . 
  i disagree , nobody 's fool does n't mean i am infallible in my interactions with others . 
  it just means you are n't gullible and have good people sense , it implies if someone is going to trick you it wo n't be done easily , in which case you wo n't appear a fool to them . 
  wot the fok did ye just say 2 me m8 ? 
  i dropped out of newcastle primary skool im the sickest bloke ull ever meet & ive nicked ova 300 chocolate globbernaughts frum tha corner shop . 
  im trained in street fitin ' & im the strongest foker in tha entire newcastle gym . 
  yer nothin to me but a cheeky lil bellend w / a fit mum & fakebling . 
  ill waste u and smash a fokin bottle oer yer head bruv , i swer 2 christ . 
  ya think u can fokin run ya gabber at me whilst sittin on yer arse behind a lil screen ? 
  think again wanka . 
  im callin me homeboys rite now preparin for a proper scrap . 
  a roomble thatll make ur nan sore jus hearin about it . 
  me crew be all over tha place & ill beat ya to a proper fokin pulp with me fists wanka . 
  if i aint satisfied w / that ill borrow me m8s cricket paddle & see if that gets u the fok out o ' newcastle ya daft kunt . 
  if ye had seen this bloody fokin mess commin ye might a ' kept ya gabber from runnin . 
  but it seems yea stupid lil twat , innit ? 
  ima shite fury & ull drown in it m8 . 
  make tea in the ocean ? 
  ( actually do n't , send the tea to england , we need it more ), 
  well i think for many people it does , if you live in a satellite town you tend to relate toward the big city you 're satelliting . 
  want to go for a day out with the family , well you 're probably going to go into the city are n't you , especially if you 're living without a car . 
  what 's the shopping like ? 
  bullring or the arndale centre ? 
  theatres , restaurants , cinemas , outdoor activies and so on , kids require a lot of things to keep them active and from getting bored , where you 're going to go out outside the medium sized town you live is important . 
  also since op has n't even finally decided which city he wants to commute to i thought i 'd give him a flavour of each region . 
  once he 's decided which city then we can start discussing which nearby area is best for his kids , probably better asked on one of the regional sub-reddits where people will have more specifics . 
  literally the worst thing ever !, 
  worse than pogroms , genocide , nuclear war and aids . 
  yeah i get it , what i would advise though is do n't worry too much about the family friendliness of the regions i 've mentioned , each are sufficiently large to entertain your kids imo ( although do concern yourself with the family friendliness of the town you end up in ) . 
  in terms of what they have on paper they 've all got decent stuff to offer . 
  i would recommend getting acquainted with the feel and attributes of each area for yourselves . 
  i 'm more worried that you 'd go to manchester and then find that you do n't like the northern culture , which is honestly very different from the south with its no nonsense attitude , or that it 's too far from london and feel let down . 
  or go to birmingham and find it 's post-industrial charms lacking and feel that it 's too industrialised and commercial , or not cosmopolitan enough . 
  or go to bristol and find it 's too small and provincial without the options to visit other places so regularly without a car . 
  i do n't think it 's quite anything to be honest , nor meant to be taken seriously . 
  it does n't sound cockney to me , they would n't say fok or roomble , they 'd say fak and ramble .
