  she can have the best personality in the world , but that wo n't change the fact that their level of physical attractiveness does n't meet the minimum criteria for interest . 
  the personality only makes them more appealing as a friend . 
  however , if such a girl got themselves up to a 6 , they 'd probably find that tonnes of guys were into her because once within the tolerable attractiveness boundaries , combined with her personality it makes her very desirable , at least amongst guys who are n't already getting tonnes of attention from women and therefore only consider 8 + . 
  girls who fall under the average minimum attractive criteria will never really get what they want from guys . 
  these girls can still often get laid , because plenty of guys just want to get laid , but it 's not something that generally ends well . 
  this is because the only way these girls can get laid is by tempting to guy into dropping his ordinary standards . 
  this could be by offering herself on a plate to some guy , or waiting until a guy is really intoxicated to seduce him . 
  the problem with doing this is that if a girl basically just gets laid by throwing herself at a guy that guy is less likely to see her as desirable or respect her , it makes her seem desperate which is unattractive when looking for a relationship , and if it happen when you 're drunk you 've still got to wake up the next day and be sober at which point the guy 's old standard have returned . 
  it 's really that simple . 
  guys are like roller coasters . 
  each roller coaster has a minimum height requirement , for some roller coasters it 's higher than others , but they all have a cut off point . 
  similarly , each guy has a minimum hotness requirement , sometimes it 's higher , sometimes it 's lower , but there 's always a cut off point . 
  getting fat and losing the ratio is the fastest way to fall too low to be eligible for anything but the worst roller coasters . 
  fat girls can be incredibly nice people , they can be great to hang out with , and they can be really great friends , but if they do n't meet that guy 's basic standards they 'll never seen in a sexual light . 
  why it 's like this anyone 's guess . 
  maybe it 's because performing sexually as a man relies so heavily on being visually aroused during sex . 
  maybe it 's because guys fear that if they do sleep with a less attractive girl the desire to get laid will make them settle for less which they might ultimately regret . 
  it 's just how it is . 
  drunk *, 
  he `` could have just went ? '', 
  what fucking language is that ? 
  canadian ? 
  and to think we let you keep the queen on your money . 
  am i now ? 
  all i see is some perpetuating the myth that american english has n't changed . 
  the secondary modern / grammar system was n't tripartite . 
  comprehensives did n't come until later . 
  sure secondary modern much reduced one 's chances of taking an academic route , but due to the uk having universal qualifications and a separate education system for 16 + it was n't the same the german system . 
  that 's not up me , i 'm not canadian , also plenty of people would rather live in gb , it 's a personal taste . 
  you 're not making sense , also the only british person who would confuse l/r is someone with a speech impediment . 
  i very much doubt that british people mispronounce dalek , nobody says `` darek '' , you 're obviously confused . 
  not really . 
  more and more people in new york are ceasing to speak with the traditional new york accent is probably a more accurate assessment of the situation , because non-rhotic accents have become more stigmatised in the us and associated with the uneducated classes . 
  meh , taking a break is healthy . 
  i think if i did that it would n't take long before i became dependent on it to sleep . 
  that 's not a problem if you have legal weed where you live , but as soon as you want to travel abroad or to somewhere where it 's still illegal you 're screwed . 
  it 's more than he sounds like a hillbilly, 
  lol , checks username , this guy checks out . 
  fuck you , i 'm eating !, 
  haha yeah , i watched the first scene and was like , this is easy , the claims about his accent are obviously exaggerated . 
  then the 2nd scene in and i thought someone was speaking swiss german . 
  british people use the perfect tense `` i 've got '' `` i 've run '' a lot more frequently than americans . 
  british : `` i 've been out all day and i 've realised that someone in the town has painted flowers everywhere '', 
  american `` i was out all day and i realized that someone in town painted flowers everywhere '', 
  you 'll rarely hear a british person use words like `` never '' `` ever '' `` just '' `` already '' `` yet '' with the a simple past , it 'll almost always be present perfect if they 're talking about something in the past . 
  `` i already did it '' , that sounds incorrect to britons but is acceptable to americans . 
  generally , i think the previous poster is referring to british idioms and turns of phrase more than grammar . 
  the grammar differences are n't really that significant . 
  hearing someone 's foreign accent and their approximating a us accent are n't mutually exclusive . 
  i 've met germans that sound very american or british , but you still would n't confuse them for brits or americans . 
  ok , that was even further back in time i guess . 
  had n't heard of the technical schools . 
  still is you read it . 
  my point still stands though because :, 
   however many secondary modern schools offered academic streams to achieve cse , `` o '' levels and `` a '' levels in all academic subject areas ( mathematics , geography , english language and literature , physics , biology , economics , etc. ), 
  if you did attend secondary modern and achieved good o-levels and a-levels in academic result you could go onto university . 
  in the german system the hauptschule take totally different qualifications meaning that getting into higher education is much much harder . 
  your fate is basically sealed from age 11 onwards . 
  ok but that was well earlier than i know anything about . 
  all i know is that later on it was made so almost all secondary moderns did at least offer those higher qualifications that allowed university entrance . 
  this was part of labour 's attempts to increase social mobility , and eventually led to the comprehensive system . 
  no , you 're full of crap because you said `` til : american english started out as english . '', 
  plenty of american phrases , pronunciations , and words did n't start out as english , many of them came from the vast melting of cultures that settled the americas who translated their own languages into english . 
  well i suppose if you mean it like that then yes , it did . 
  i swear there was one with mushrooms that turned into people . 
  scared the shit out of me but in a good way . 
  where did it touch you ? 
  so when i last had surgery the first thing i said when i cam around to nurse was `` omg you 're black ... 
  i do n't mean it in a racist way but do n't you think it 's weird that people have different colour skin ? '', 
  i just remember being totally amazed by the fact people are different colours . 
  `` too british '' ? 
  fuck off , we suffer so much culturally self-referential american humour , are n't we allowed to do our own thing now ? 
  i suppose that 's why london is one of the most popular places in the world . 
  actually no , i mean to live in . 
  millions of foreigners have flocked to move in london because of high salaries and career prospects . 
  no city in canada compare to london . 
  yeah , it 's expensive , but have you seen the house prices in the good parts of canada like vancouver ? 
  london is a world capital just as new york or tokyo is , canada ca n't offer that . 
  the economies of edmonton and calgary pale in comparison to london , the scale just does not compare . 
  also i hear they 're not doing so well given the price of oil . 
  what kind of bullshit figure is that . 
  comparing a town to country and not even doing a currency conversion , and then not accounting for the cost of living ? 
  means nothing . 
  in canada the median household income in purchasing power adjusted us $ is $ 28k , in the uk it is $ 21k . 
  this is a lot to do with the price of living in most of canada being far cheaper than the uk , which is for a large part a consequence of being a densely populated island in europe , and a net importer , rather than being a vast but scarcely populated land mass bordering a hugely populated country with one of the lowest costs of living of any western nation . 
  if we look at the real money figures . 
  the median household income in the uk , the latest figures showed it around # 30k . 
  however in london the median household income was higher , at # 39k ( $ 67k canadian ) . 
  the mean was even higher at # 52k ( roughly 89k canadian even with the brexit ) , this figure is pushed higher than the median due to the large number of very high earners in london . 
  if we compare this to toronto , the largest urbanised conurbation in canada with 6 million + people in the vicinity . 
  the median household income is $ 68k canadian . 
  this makes toronto almost identical to london in real money terms when not adjusted for the cost of living . 
  if we compare with somewhere fancier like edmonton ( 3rd richest district in canada ) , edmonton has a median household income of $ 89k canadian , which puts edmonton 's median closer to london 's mean . 
  however , edmonton 's population is only 812k . 
  i mean that 's not really a fair comparison . 
  if you compare edmonton to a rich london district like chelsea and kensington ( also unfair but whatever ) , that metropolitan area has a median household income of # 116k ( $ 200k canadian ) , which blows edmonton out of the water . 
  this , however , is to compare apples and oranges , but honestly , canada does n't have anywhere to truly compare to london . 
  the london urban conurbation is estimated at about 10.2 million people , toronto , the closest contender , is only 6.4 million . 
  so to sum up , the median canadian household is about $ 7000 us dollars richer a year in real terms i.e how much shit they can buy with their wages every year , than the median british household . 
  in nominal terms , not adjusting for the cost of living , londoners and torontonians enjoy virtually the same median household income .
