  could say the same about americans ... 
  life is hard enough as it is without a girlfriend . 
  my personality makes me both lazy and hold myself to high standards , i wo n't feel happy with myself without achieving some modicum of financial success yet i find myself unable to do the right things i should do , like stick to a career path , if i want those things . 
  so i 'm sort of just whiling away my 20s not knowing what i want from life . 
  i see my peers now all settling down , marrying and having made career decision . 
  hell some people my age are getting mortgages and having children while i 'm dossing around drinking and playing gta 5 . 
  all i 've done is a succession of go nowhere jobs both before and after university and i still do n't feel the call of any one role that might earn me a decent living . 
  honestly i do n't see myself entering a serious relationship until i 've somehow resolved my life to a place where i 'm much more happy with myself . 
  this lack of certainty and security with myself makes true intimacy difficult , basically meaning relationships go nowhere and last briefly as thing gain a `` real '' quality . 
  as it stand healthy happy relationships seem impossible , not only that but not even desirable . 
  is it wrong to be over 25 and still hoping to find a better life . 
  have i missed all the actual fun ? 
  right now i 'd be glad of stable residence , stable income and a decent social circle , all through my life i 've been waiting for the next stage when you get rewarded for your hard work i 've never felt it has arrived . 
  where is that sense of finding somewhere you belong ? 
  where is that feeling of having experienced what life has to offer and the subsequent understanding of what you want from it ? 
  it 's not like i 've been sitting in a basement for all this time , i 've lived in different countries , done interesting work , met many people but never felt truly at home in any group of friends or colleagues . 
  all i know is that certain things makes me feel better in life , financial security , being in shape and having a job i do n't hate . 
  having all of these simultaneously is problematic though and life can be a struggle at times . 
  however even with those i 'm still seeking something more in life socially before i even consider relationship needs . 
  i 'm not saying that generation would n't have retaliated . 
  i do think that historically there has been an attitude of being unshook by attacks on national soil at some times in some places . 
  an attitude of acknowledging the attack as little as possible , a minimal amount of mourning and just going on with your lives . 
  however i think because modern america has n't been attacked like other places or at other times this attitude was much less prevalent and people all over america embraced the idea that this was a world changing event and that nothing would ever be the same again . 
  so powerful was this image of that attacks that is did really seep into ever aspect of american culture , from laws regarding what the police can and ca n't do and how militarised they were , to attitudes towards foreign travel , to people 's political attitudes , the concept of islam in the public conciousness , to how cynical people are towards society and the government . 
  the biggest impact of 9/11 was n't the actual loss of life or the destruction of two expensive buildings , but rather the significance the american public elected to attach to it . 
  it became a defining moment and paved the way for the political situation we see today . 
  he said he 'd come from munich ? 
  not the most obvious place for a jew ... 
  it 's a german . 
  maybe reddit has desensitised me to the word `` porn '' but i was expecting a sub with people showing games running in 60fps and not that ... 
  wow i 've had arguments with that guy before , that 's legendary . 
  i knew all the stories about him being a black woman in europe were bullshit . 
  meth is a hell of a drug, 
  i 've never really felt it mattered whether the content posted here was produced by a troll . 
  it 's the content , not the earnestness of the poster that matters . 
  the only times i think content does n't belong here is when the person is obviously trolling for joke , cases where the posters have posted thinking their sarcasm was obvious and then someone has linked them here taking it seriously . 
  ultimately it does n't matter if people like exvampireweekend , mightierthanthou , and emily_americana are just trolls , the sas they produce is legit . 
  this basically [ covers it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/manna ), 
  this does n't really count but i saw an inexperienced teacher have a meltdown when a student did n't say the play she 'd directed was good . 
  not really anger but still a freakout with crying and lesson disruption . 
  you 've got to question whether someone like that can function as a teacher . 
  looking back at school , freakouts from teachers were not all that unusual . 
  harbour *, 
  [ more like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7jlfzhpru4&amp;t=15s ), 
   it is fun to read . 
  i feel like modern voice acting has made it so i can no longer play games like this no matter how good they are : /, 
  [ all i can think of ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=czwlebnwjci&amp;t=61s ), 
  i think realistically if he did get in you 'd probably only see a few of those policies realised . 
  leaving nato just seems ridiculous at this stage . 
  jeremy `` keep the borders open '' corbyn, 
  never heard of one but i 'm sure you could invent one . 
  drink every time you see a flag from a country beginning with s. drink every time there is a loud fit of coughing . 
  drink every time they show someone bobbing . 
  drink every time britain , british , or britons is mentioned . 
  i think you 'd be pretty hammered after that . 
  that 's not the transatlantic accent ... 
  why even call it thin ( or slim ) , what she was was normal , normal and healthy , and now she 's not . 
  looking at it like thin is n't synonymous with normal is how they start justifying it to themselves . 
  no it 's not vocative . 
  i think you 're getting confused with diminutives . 
  the vocative in english would technically be something like `` o mother '' . 
  it 's signifying that this is the thing being addressed . 
  it 's common in poetry . 
  in all languages people have `` cutesy '' words that would n't be used in ordinary conversation . 
  it 's a matter of register . 
  also you 're wrong about the word `` dad '' being one of these . 
  it 's a word that 's perfectly fine to use in everyday conversation and it does n't sound childish . 
  `` daddy '' however sounds ridiculous coming from an adult . 
  respect, 
  i think this is just a typical bad workplace . 
  there are however certain elements of the bad german work environment different from the typical bad work place in other countries . 
  whereas in the uk you get 7-5 years of french ... fml , and we still ca n't speak it . 
  french really is n't that important . 
  my translation app says `` we have ceilings '' , good for you !, 
  i know that . 
  it 's also the official language of the olympics . 
  however that is the kind of artificial significance french was given at a time when french was more significant internationally . 
  fact is though it 's not a very useful language today . 
  i 'd put it behind german , russian and portuguese . 
  french has a lot of speakers but virtually everywhere outside of france french speakers have little affluence making it an unappealing language internationally . 
  no they did n't ... 
  truly the streets must be paved with gold . 
  wow . 
  if you ca n't the relatively simple humour here then you 're a lost cause . 
  it 's like the archetypal joke , it sets you up to make you assume one thing and then undermines that assumption . 
  it is like the very definition of a joke . 
  `` my dog has no nose '' `` how does he smell ? '', 
  `` terrible '' . 
  that 's like saying jim jeffries and mel gibson sound similar because they 're both aussie . 
  only someone unfamiliar with aussies would say it ... 
  that 's the most pathetic line of thought i 've ever seen . 
  we are not being encouraged to poke fun at him remotely . 
  if anything we 're laughing at the absurdity of a world in which men were able to carry the signs in boxing matches . 
  the idea being the tongue in cheek notion that with pot noodle and dedication one can achieve their dreams , even when those dreams are as ridiculous as replacing the hot girls in the hyper masculine and no homo culture of boxing . 
  it 's amazing what cultural knuckle draggers many americans are if you think this is homophobic by assuming we are being encouraged to laugh * at * the fictional character and that that character must be de facto gay because he 's doing what is traditionally a woman 's role and because some black guy licked his lips at him . 
  it 's not funny because he 's doing a woman 's role . 
  it 's funny because of subverted expectations and the idea that if you simply train hard enough you can take this role in the hyper masculine culture of boxing . 
  you 've missed the whole point . 
  lol you have some issues . 
  wow chill out,
