  those reasons seem valid enough but seems to miss the important factor . 
  really poor people live in uneducated cultures in which providing a less than ideal life for children is normal . 
  in third world cultures for example , nobody is judged for not being able to afford to provide a rich and varied diet for their kids , nor for not providing expensive recreation activities and holidays , nor educational opportunities . 
  immigrants often bring this mentality to the countries they arrive in and continue having kids on a budget until they integrate more with the culture , and even a large number of uneducated white working class people have this mentality . 
  however when your society is very wealthy and prosperous , and especially when wealth inequality is low , people are just on average more educated and even most poor people do n't want to recklessly have children . 
  they also have abortion and contraception available to them and strong sexual education from an early age . 
  a poor person in denmark is likely to be a lot more educated than a poor person in america , so fewer people make the choice to have many children without the wealth to provide for it . 
  in germany there are many many single child families , because so many people feel they ca n't afford more . 
  if you 're parent in a rich western nation there is so much judgement from society around children , if your kid does n't have the proper kit then you 'll be judged negligent . 
  ultimately it 's not so much that poor people breed more , it 's that uneducated people breed more , it does n't matter if they 're an immigrant or not . 
  places like germany and scandinavian have a highly educated populace , and population shrinkage as a result . 
  i 'm not grasping at straws . 
  you 're just a racist , your allusions at indians being the `` good '' immigrants and others being the `` bad '' immigrants ( basically saying god i wish we could have indians instead of blacks ) , and your talk of burqas , is just racist to the heart . 
  this is a math vs maths thing . 
  red is doing math , the others are doing maths . 
  as someone who has lived in the west midlands it 's interesting to look at which cities people relate to in different areas . 
  so meagre is birmingham 's reputation that you only need leave a bordering county for people to stop relating to birmingham . 
  what i mean by this is whether they see birmingham as a place that is `` nearby '' , would they go there if they need something that only a big city could satisfy ? 
  would someone from banbury for example , ever go shopping in birmingham or just go to london ? 
  would someone from rugby visit birmingham more than 3 times a year ? 
  would that still be true of someone living in long buckby ? 
  soon as you 're a bit east of coventry or a bit south of warwick many people suddenly start pretending they 're in the home counties , a huge number of these people commuting to london . 
  ultimately the influence of london is so vast that it almost consumes the west midlands , venturing farther north to the east , only stopping just short of nottingham somewhere in lincolnshire . 
  wow that 's just racism through and through . 
  what 's funny is that there are plenty of successful muslim communities in the western world , the majority of them with a moderate approach to islam and its politics . 
  in fact , in the uk , the pakistani community is virtually equally as successful as the indian community . 
  for example if you go to a curry restaurant you 've got a 50 % chance you 'll be able to bring your own alcohol to the table because the people wo n't sell it on premises but are happy for people to bring their own . 
  this is because the pakistani community , despite being muslim , is just as willing , on average , as the indian to start businesses and be enterprising . 
  you seem to have some fucked up racist vendetta against muslims you racist . 
  that is true , but it 's about perception . 
  someone from the far north east in london wo n't feel as `` local '' with someone from the south west . 
  while they both identify as londoners they 're not identical . 
  likewise someone from coventry wo n't feel much kinship with someone from wolverhampton , yet they 'll still have the fact they 're midlanders in common ( although some snotty coventry folk like to pretend they 're in the east midlands ) . 
  in a way saying `` i 'm a londoner '' is no more defining than saying `` i 'm from the west midlands '' , it 's just one is considered a contiguous `` place '' whilst the other is considered a more loosely associated region . 
  why do people more readily identify with london ? 
  i imagine it 's simply a matter of civic pride . 
  people in bury would rather not identify with manchester simply because manchester does n't have the overwhelming cultural pull of london . 
  anyway my point would be that if we look at it from the perceptions of investors then it certainly helps to lump a region together . 
  the fact is that within the uk 's two major industrial hubs , the west midlands and north west conurbations transport links are good , it 's really not hard to work in coventry and live in tamworth , a much , shorter , easier , and cheaper commute than say bicester to london which is a common commute for many people . 
  it would be better that they saw england as country with london and two 2.5 million population + regional hubs rather than simply london and a few tiny unimportant provincial cities . 
  sure some people wo n't like being lumped together with manchester or birmingham , but does this really matter from a purely bureaucratic standpoint ? 
  you seem to missing something . 
  if scotland leaving lost london 10 % of its finance market ( it would n't but just ignore that for now ) , and edinburgh was about to recreate just 6 % of that finance market in edinburgh , it would still benefit the scottish people more than it does currently . 
  i think this is core to the scottish independence thing . 
  even if it looks like everyone is losing out overall , having control of your own house still has advantages . 
  for example that 6 % they reconstruct in edinburgh would bring financial jobs to the city , the people who worked in those jobs would buy/rent in nice parts of edinburgh and contribute to the value of property there . 
  nobody if expecting edinburgh to rival london . 
  the problem is that london acts as a prosperity sponge . 
  you ca n't even get within 100 miles of london without the housing market being affected by london 's location . 
  the housing market around london soars while the rest of the country is staying the same . 
  everyone who has a flashy job lives in london , it sucks in money and culture from the whole nation . 
  everyone who wants to work in many industries just goes straight to london . 
  the uk is losing out from this overall but it can be argued that the regional cities are . 
  sure london pays a lot of tax into the nation which is great , but it never really addresses the economic imbalance . 
  there are tonnes of tax funded initiatives to get economy churning in the rest of the uk but it always feels like fighting against the tide . 
  it 's not the same as having some real prosperity . 
  looking at germany people do n't automatically go to berlin if they want a fancy career ( for lack of a better term ) , they can go to munich or frankfurt or cologne if they want . 
  fashion designers are n't ashamed to put some other city than the capital on their brand . 
  it creates a sense of civic pride and regional continuity that the uk lacks outside of london . 
  the scottish want their cities to be real central hubs , even if they 're just small hubs in the way that oslo or copenhagen are . 
  even if scotland loses out economically , they 'll be able to do things with complete control of their legislature to do things that benefit the scottish people which could lead to them feeling better of even if they 're poorer comparatively when they leave scotland . 
  wow it 's clear now that you 're one of those anti-muslim hysterical racist idiots . 
  if 100 % of british muslims wo n't tolerate homosexuality , how are they able to live in the same areas as openly homosexual people ? 
  where 's the homosexuals hanging in the streets ? 
  wow this is a stupid discussion , totally different things . 
  one is the point where all europeans must have a common african ancestor , the point where the african and european races diverged . 
  the other points at which were you might have african ancestors . 
  for example 10 generations ago you maternal ancestor might have married an sicilian who was 1/8 black . 
  that would mean you last african relative was 14 generations ago . 
  that would only be a few hundred years ago since your last entirely black ancestor . 
  the point where this happening is a necessity is like 50000 years ago when humans left africa . 
  in reality you probably only need to go back tops 20 generations to find an african ancestor . 
  nobody is so lacking in genetic diversity that they could claim to be purely european since humans first arrived here . 
   where does 6 % come from ? 
  why ca n't 6 % happen now ? 
  you misunderstand ... the 6 % is currently in london , along with the other 4 % . 
  my point was that imagining scotland left the uk , this caused london to lose 10 % of it 's financial services ( the financial sector shrinks 10 % ) , and in the now capital of independent scotland they get 60 % of what london lost moving to scotland , the other 40 % go outside the uk . 
  even though this is an overall loss for the uk , it could still benefit scotland . 
   germany is over 1/3 bigger than the uk and frankfurt is small , its like reading, 
  frankfurt is a lot bigger than reading , and it 's population goes well over a million during working hours due to large number of commuters . 
  in terms of gdp it 's vastly bigger . 
  on the other hand germany is only 1/3 bigger than the uk geographically , population wise it has just 16 million more people . 
  i 'm not claiming that the uk and germany are the same , but i am suggesting that the germany system of regional capitals is economically over all more productive than our eggs in one basket approach ... 
   why would scotland gain any percentage then , that 's unfounded speculation so not worth spending time on . 
  you 're being naive . 
  naturally with the central power in scotland going to edinburgh it would bring money there , that is just inevitable , all their politics would go there , the regulators and banking . 
  the only question is whether this movement of power north would counter the financial losses ensuing from leaving the uk , most likely they would n't , or certainly not for a while . 
  scotland would support more of a world city if it were independent , copenhagen is more of world city than edinburgh despite a similar population and size . 
  the uk is nowhere near as small a place as you seem to be suggesting , the measure is population and we are the third largest eu nation only trailing france by a fraction . 
  germany is different there 's no denying that , but it 's evidence that the spreading of economic centres is a very productive way of running a country . 
  nobody wants to see london crippled , however imbalance in regional opportunity is something that needs to be addressed more seriously . 
  we as a nation are obsessed with making london the centre of the world , and what 's really happening is that london is becoming like a different country as it sucks in everything of value . 
  i do n't know what the fuck you 're on about to be honest . 
  honestly if you 're european you most likely have a black ancestor somewhere in the last dozen or so generations . 
  if you were a pacific islander or something this might be less likely . 
  pre-civilisation people probably did n't move around or breed as much , but since you live in europe ( i think ) , you 've almost certainly got an african ancestors not too far back . 
  i ca n't have this debate . 
  if you ca n't acknowledge that becoming a capital city in an entirely sovereign nation brings money to a region then you 're just a fool . 
  it 's basic economic sense . 
  when a country controls all of its budget , taxes and everything else in its borders it naturally becomes a more important place .
