  and let me guess , you 're a `` bloke 's bloke '' who think he can has some kind of privileged epistemic access to reality and is capable of seeing through all the lies spread by people who do n't have your `` common sense '' . 
  you 've probably never challenged your world view in your life and are content thinking your right about everything . 
  you probably work in something tedious and think you 've earned the right not to have to challenge your own views anymore . 
  i 've come across your type before , utter bores and sadly very common in england . 
  i 'm not remotely introverted mate . 
  but i guess i was right about you , i mean anyone who uses `` lives alone '' as an insult has got to be as i described . 
  let me guess , you 're married , possibly with kids , and think it gives you special rights as a citizen and makes you more important in the social hierarchy . 
  you 're an opinionated pub bore who likes to lecture people about sport and history . 
  you think art and all types of non-practical thought are pseudo-intellectual . 
  you probably think the world is `` going to hell in a hand basket '' because of all the people who are n't as boring and conventional as you are . 
  you want a return to the `` common sense '' of yesteryear when people died of tb on the regular but people `` called a spade a spade '' . 
  you also probably have an affinity with the us and think britain should be throwing their lot in with them instead of dealing with europeans , who are in your mind our natural opposition . 
  we can just play , guess who 's on the end of the keyboard or day or we could just stop in the awareness that it 's literally impossible to know and that this whole discussion is pointless . 
  you were wrong to suggest that anything but per capita figures matter when it comes to eu contributions . 
  i do n't have anything else to say . 
  yeah that 's simply not true , but to see why the connections lie you really need to take a step back and look at academic classification . 
  obviously an engineer designing an industrial machine has very little directly to do with a theoretical physicists . 
  however , both are part of a holistic body of empirical knowledge that stretches from when the first cavemen experimented with with hitting rocks together to start fires all the way to cern in switzerland . 
  an engineer is ultimately relying on a body of knowledge derived from science in order to achieve his goals . 
  subjects like art and literature for example , do not belong to this body of knowledge , standing outside of it , looking solely at a world of subjective meaning . 
  meanwhile subjects like mathematics and philosophy deal with an inherently subjective world but one in which we feel some degree of universal truth can be found and one that strangely enough does impact the empirical side of things insofar as it uncovers novel ways to conceive of problems that allow us to make progress in the business of empirical research . 
  knowledge has to be classified by the type of phenomena investigates . 
  science accrues empirical knowledge about the physical world , engineering and technology both put this knowledge to use achieving various teleological ends . 
  mathematics , while being knowledge of a totally different kind , is extremely useful for the former and thus sometimes get throw into a classification with them . 
  i had some guy insist the only way anyone could do this is by learning every word 's backwards form as if it were a word in a foreign language . 
  he simply could n't understand that there was a way to break down sounds more than ordinary people concieve of them . 
  once you understand the phonetics this is n't actually that insane or anything . 
  it 's basically just saying the phonetics backwards , and possibly substituting some consonants for other sounds that sound more like the target sound when played backwards . 
  it 's not really recreation but reordering . 
  you already know all the phonetics of every word you say , you just do n't know that you know . 
  once you become aware of what your mouth is actually doing when it says each word and practise a bit it becomes not that different from repeating an action you just did backwards if that makes sense . 
  in the same way a professional dancer would probably have no trouble performing a routine they know backwards . 
  those things will most likely be diminished to some degree by brexit even if there 's no way they 'll be destroyed or anything . 
  the question is can we afford to be any poorer ? 
  seems to me that we 're stretched to limit as it is . 
  london can retain its place as financial capital of the world , and our soft power can still punch above its weight but the rest of the country can still be in the shitter . 
  they 're not mutually exclusive . 
  our welfare state was stressed as it was before brexit , now we 're doing with what looks like many years of political uncertainty and change too they 're going to be at breaking point . 
  i really would have more sympathy for brexiteers if a single one could show me a single way britain will actually advantage from it . 
  instead i only hear ideological arguments about escaping foreign bureaucrats and fewer immigrants leading to a better society . 
  all the other reasons i hear , like more money of nhs or showing the political elite that rural and economically deprived areas matter seem to be things the eu has nothing to do with at all . 
  the reality is that if british industry were being disadvantaged by eu legislation then british industry would 've been for brexit , but they were overwhelmingly against it :(, 
  if britons retain any eu rights it will be the product of an agreement and not some legal loophole . 
  to be honest the problem is that / r/unitedkingdom is more of a news based sub with harsher moderation . 
  / r/de is way more lighthearted for the most part . 
  that would just be a massive fuck you to anyone under 40 who 'll have to learn a whole new fucking system ... and to think that piece of crap got paid to write this article . 
  yeah it 's pretty tragic . 
  people calling him narcissistic but it 's clear that he has the self-awareness of a four day old sandwich . 
  certainly anyone who does n't have the capacity to look at things from an outside perspective and look at things with outside eyes will never have any success in the creative industries . 
  poor guy has been sold the idea of a career under the pretext it can be learnt while lacking the essential abilities needed to succeed in it . 
  it 's weird because in british culture we do n't have the custom of drinking at a bar or club through the night . 
  in much of europe it 's common to see semi respectable people stumbling home at 7 in the morning because they 've only just left the bar . 
  it feel it 's much stranger to see someone throwing back a beer at that time in the uk , and the assumption is always that they 're an alcoholic for drinking at the time . 
  certainly in big cities with lenient licencing laws there are bars where bar and restaurant workers go and do n't start drinking until the early morning . 
  place near me is open til 9am, 
  then again , there are parts of london where the pubs all shut at 11 . 
  point is in the uk we still have the legacy of the licensing . 
  only time i 'd stay out that late was if i went to some kind of club event . 
  the idea of sitting in a bar til 6am is n't that prolific . 
  or what if she or someone else dropped them and it 's too awkward to pick them ? 
  seriously , all we have is op 's word that this even happened . 
  i really enjoyed the music , the direction and cinematography was good . 
  probably the most inappropriate message given the product i 've ever seen . 
  there 's no such thing as fnord conspiracy theories . 
  go back fnord about your fnord business . 
  a fair few hardcore religious conspiracy theorists believe that the illuminati/satanists/jews / masons sacrifice people , particularly children , to obtain the favour of the devil so they become more powerful , get supernatural/preternatural abilities etc. 
  in recent years a lot of these conspiracies have taken a paedophilic twist too . 
  it 's all based on this notion that committing heinous acts can somehow be used a way to become powerful/famous/magical / wealthy , which to be honest is a superstition that is as old as time , and really the heart of all kinds of medieval behaviour like witch trials and jewish persecution . 
  at it 's core is the faustian idea of exchanging ones morality/soul for some more material favour . 
  it all follows this pattern of inversion , that right becomes wrong , the world is turned upside town . 
  hell , reading witch trials it was common for people to say the most insane things , like suggesting that the witch ate dinner while hovering upside down and that food would fall from the ceiling and stuff . 
  also stuff like the black mass which would involve doing everything the opposite of the christian mass . 
  what 's so fascinating is how unaware conspiracy theorists are of their thinking falling into ancient legacy of human thought stretching all the way back to pre-history . 
  svalbard for the palestinians !, 
  good idea , let 's just extend it for another 100 years with an option to extend at the end ? 
  honestly , an ideal brexit would be one in which we kept freedom of movement as part of a trade deal that allowed but left both the eea and the custom union . 
  that would get industry that freedom to make new trade deals and be `` global '' but kept access to the eu . 
  sadly , the eu would never agree to unmitigated free trade under these terms as it would make it too easy for british industry to undercut the european markets . 
  possibly freedom of movement could be retained as part of a negotiating strategy to improve post-brexit britain 's access to the eu market . 
  have to wait and see . 
  i think it 's quite possible though . 
  nobody with a real stake in the economy wants to slow immigration because of the economic growth it brings . 
  the tories know this . 
  i really think they 're going to try to change immigration policy as little as possible , and merely reduce the access migrants have to things like social benefits enough so they can shove the changes in the kippers faces and claim to have taken back control . 
  you think the negotiating agenda is being motivated by eurosceptic ideology or the casual racism of many brexiteers ? 
  fuck no , it 's being motivated by one single goal , and that 's quietening the dissenting right wing voices to ensure a safe future tory majority . 
  dave `` does n't know when the hold 'em , know when to fold 'em '' cameron, 
  you get arrested if you say you 're english these days !, 
  here 's how the legion deals with rebel scum like you !, 
  lol my bad . 
  sorry you were n't remotely important enough . 
  dems the breaks . 
  because where in most countries minor crimes tend to get settled with a telling off , government fine , or just not even prosecuted , it 's common procedure in germany to settle it with a compensation payment . 
  even stuff like crashing into someone with a bike , the person is n't even hurt but , they claim 300 euros off you for emotion shock . 
  not something i particularly like about the culture but what you going to do . 
  plenty of spie\u00dfer around with a stick up their arse and money for law suits . 
  there 's a reason why german is one of the few countries where personal liability insurance is considered a necessity . 
  edit : why is this controversial , germany is litigious , tell me , where else is personal liability insurance considered a necessity for ordinary people ? 
  from the fact their toilet cubicles do n't touch and their houses are made of wood i 'm going to say no . 
  americans probably just overreact about it more because they do n't like the government telling them what to do whereas in europe we just take it for granted .
