  legally it makes no difference . 
  the guy is most likely just going to face trial in the uk , spend some time in prison there , and then may get deported back to norway to finish his sentence . 
  it does n't really make any difference , the real difference is that the fact she was american will make the story more interesting to americans . 
  so what if he 's muslim ? 
  christians go crazy and stab people for reason other than being christian . 
  it 's the motivation that determines whether he 's a terrorist . 
  i know that the media gives in impression that europe is rife with terrorism attacks but really it 's not . 
  the crime rates in most european countries is declining overall . 
  there are probably fewer stabbings than 20 years ago . 
  attempts to bring criminals to account internationally is almost always a matter of what both governments can agree on . 
  places like the uk and canada readily extradite their citizens simply because they 're buddy buddy with the us . 
  interpol does n't have any real power , there 's no such thing as true international law enforcement . 
  interpol really only facilitates international cooperation on justice matters . 
  they ca n't force a country to give someone up any more than the us can make russia give them snowden back . 
  i believe that typically in cases like these the person will begin to serve their sentence in the country where they committed the crime and then once its all died down a bit they 'll be packed off to serve the rest of the sentence in their own nation . 
  my guess would be that if this guy does n't get off on an insanity plea then they 'll probably spend a couple of years in prison here and then get sent to norway . 
  perhaps you 're right . 
  i 'm no expert . 
  all i know is that sometimes murderers get sent back , but this case is exceptional due to the press i guess . 
   right , but uk law is not the only legal system on earth . 
  it matters a lot to us law enforcement whether or not she was an american and whether or not he was a terrorist . 
  but it 's pointless to talk about legal ramifications of something that happened outside the jurisdiction of the legal framework where those ramifications would occur . 
  the legal system that is going to apply to this guy is the uk legal system . 
  in regard to the legal system that applies , the nationality of the victim means sweet fa . 
   right , but acts of terrorism are generally the exception to this rule . 
  and we 're not even sure if this classes as one , and even if it does , it 's hardly significant enough to make any backroom dealings worth the hassle . 
   the two are n't as distinct as you 're suggesting . 
  extradition itself is a hybrid legal/political mechanism . 
  there 's a pretty clear distinction between the legal and political . 
  any country can turn around to another country and deny an extradition request no matter how justified . 
  while this are laws governing extradition that each country enacts as it feels , whether they do this or not is principally a political , rather than legal issue . 
  i 'm not american . 
  just saying it like it is . 
  it 's all fine to say fuck you to the justice system of a small and politically insignificant country and retry someone who 's already served their punishment in that country . 
  however , to do that to another relatively powerful developed country is basically saying screw you we do n't recognise the validity of your justice system . 
  at the end of the day , it 's realpolitik . 
  the reason the us can get away with capturing someone in nigeria and taking them to the us to stand trial for crimes against american citizens even after that person has served their punishment in malta is because nobody cares too much about malta and they 're a really small country that wo n't be able to kick up much fuss . 
  now in this case , if the guy served his time in the uk and then later went on holiday and while there was abducted and taken to stand trial for the same crimes in the us is would cause a huge political stink . 
  allied nations are meant to respect each other 's legal jurisdictions and judgements . 
  retrying the guy in the us would be basically saying to the british that they do n't think their legal system `` counts '' . 
  i doubt the american government would be too happy if someone who 'd committed a crime against a british citizen and then served their time in the us went on holiday to the uk and was arrested to be tried for the same thing yet again . 
   right . 
  unless the details of the case suggest there may actually be a cause for jurisdiction . 
  like the victim being a foreign national and police noting that it may be related to terrorism . 
  that 's not how jurisdiction works . 
  zimbabwe can write into its laws that all crimes against zimbabweans fall under its jurisdiction if it wants to , it does n't make it so , and it only really affects anything if the zimbabwean government can somehow force the perpetrator of these crime to go to zimbabwean soil , at which point its own laws allow it to prosecute that person . 
  getting your security forces to arrest someone in a foreign country without the permission the local government is effectively an act of military aggression . 
  the us has laws which allows it to prosecute people for crimes against us nationals that happened in other countries , but uk law does not recognise this , if the us ask for him to be sent to stand trial there the uk will decline , if the us abducted him and took him to the us to stand trial , regardless of whether it 's tomorrow or in 20 years when he 's out on the streets , it would be an international incident . 
   the us does n't always bother . 
  sometimes we just kidnap the person . 
  there 's only two ways this can happen . 
  the government of the country where the person is kidnapped has given permission 2 . 
  the government of the country where the person is kidnapped has bad relations with the us and the us does n't care about the ramifications of taking extrajudicial action . 
  there 's no way it would happen in a developed country with friendly relations with the us . 
  poorer countries are far more likely to allow the us in to capture people because they do n't care so much about asserting their own legal prerogative and neither do their citizens . 
   i did n't mean to imply any country is legally obliged to extradite , i was simply pointing out that extradition is both political and legal . 
  fair enough then . 
   yeah , but . 
  we actually do it . 
  i mean , it 's not a hypothetical . 
  yes , but you only do it in shitholes that already hate you and ca n't do anything to affect you . 
   londonistan is now considered a third world country to the us , 
  sorry , i ca n't hear you over my universal healthcare and superior worker 's rights . 
  well yes , i know you `` do n't get off '' the hook with an insanity plea , you get committed for the rest of your life and the closest you 'll get to freedom is a supervised day out from the home . 
  you do avoid going to prison , but either way you lose your freedom . 
  that said , norwegian prisons look so nice , they might have a totally different standard for `` humane '' . 
  uk prisons are generally pretty safe though , the tactic seems to be along the lines of bore people to death rather than force them to do manual labour . 
   have fun working until you 're 70 . 
  i will do that . 
  you just be careful not to develop and illness that is n't covered by your insurance and go bankrupt in your old age . 
  that 's your decision . 
  i 'd like to go out at 90 surrounded by family personally . 
  what a stupid narrative . 
  countries block extradition all the time . 
  if that person might face the death penalty in the us then it 's actually considered inhumane to deport them . 
  the uk blocked the extradition of a hacker just because he had aspberger and they were afraid that letting him face the us prison system would constitute torture . 
  countries allow extradition when it suits them to , because that person is guilty and deserves it , or that person is a national security threat . 
  you 're not overthrowing anyone but tinpot dictators in banana republics . 
  help myself to a few grams and then get the fuck out there . 
  coke can make you take a shit but that 's about it . 
  heroin is notorious for making people constipated , and consequently giving them diarrhoea if you withdraw . 
  they are speaking german , it translates perfectly well , although germans do n't mistake the transitive and intransitive forms of the verb often . 
  this kind of stuff actually comes up in subtitles quite often , if wordplay or the grammar of the native language is questioned in any tv series , the subtitle writer needs to find an equivalent in the language of the subtitle , since a direct translation usually wo n't make any sense of someone who is reading the foreign subtitles and it wo n't convey the sense of the scene . 
  there 's a bit in orange is the new black where two inmates are playing scrabble . 
  one complains that the plural of knife is knives , and therefore that the other inmate put , knifes , is wrong . 
  it is then pointed out that `` knifes '' is the verb form in the singular 3rd person present i.e `` he knifes her '' . 
  there 's really no way translate this into another language unless it happens to have this exact same quirk which is highly unlikely . 
  in the german subtitles they make it seem like the first inmate put `` messers '' ( the german for knife is messer ) , the 2nd inmate points out the the plural of knife in german is `` messer '' not `` messers '' , and the 1st one retorts that `` messers '' can be used in the genitive . 
  which is nowhere near as clever or interesting , since most german nouns combine with - s in the genitive , but was the only way to convey the word play . 
  in this context we get lucky though , as german has the same feature as english , being a related language , meaning the verbs for lay and lie are similar , however it 's not a mistake natives tend to make like english speakers . 
  lol it did n't do those things . 
  lol what the actual fuck made you say that ? 
  it 's like a big sign saying `` i 'm a racist conspiracy theorist '' . 
  venetian jews refers to jews that live in venice . 
  ashkenazi is an ethnic group of jews who hailed from the central caucus . 
  `` he is a venetian ashkenazi jew '' is a perfectly logical thing to say . 
  seriously though , what do you lose from that ? 
  it just means a few brits will be able to live in work in ireland if they want to , which the rest of the eu can already do anyway . 
  also roi citizens are protected under british law , that means you 'll always have residency rights regardless of whether britain is in the eu . 
  seriously ?
