  rickon ? ), 
  - danaerys goes to vaes dothrak, 
  - cersei schemeing to regain power, 
  - flashback with bran to tower of joy . 
  i 've always heard it called a bar , not a measure . 
  lol i think you mean sang . 
  measure is certainly not common where i 'm from, 
  actually it does . 
  a penniless aristo might still be upper class but his children will probably be middle class due the environment of their upbringing . 
  also he was talking about proles and bourgeois , which is defined by whether you own the means of production . 
  while that is true i think you 're underestimating the mmo , and the implications for the casual market . 
  wow was still wildly successful , it showed that people were open to a different model of game that was n't just a one time payment , and had insane player retention for a long time . 
  finding out how to bring that kind of experience to the casual market is definitely something people want to do . 
  also games like farmville and clash of clans are only so successful because they incorporated mmo like social mechanics in their games . 
  most casual players do not want wow , but if you can get 1-2 % interested that 's still millions of players and tens of millions in revenue . 
  wow what 's your problem ? 
  i 'd be happier to tip a pooled system than to tip the individual person who just happened to carry some of the food and be responsible for the table i happened to sit down in or be shown to . 
  when i tip i want to reward the overall restaurant experience , including the food quality and atmosphere , it 's just a reward to whoever successfully managed to take your order and carry a plate . 
  sharing tips with the kitchen is really common in good restaurants and definitely improves restaurant life overall . 
  the stupid american system of having the waiter take the entire tip is just fucking stupid and i ca n't believe anyone would defend it . 
  it makes no difference , the person being served by the other waiter at the other table is contributing to your waiter , you are contributing to their waiter . 
  it 's not about your `` power to reward individuals '' , it 's about showing your appreciation for the collective efforts of the staff . 
  you sound like you 'd do better in the usa , where you have such ridiculously situations as waiters tipping other members of staff like bartenders and other waiters for helping them out and as incentive for them to make drinks quicker . 
  i only remember experiencing wimpy once . 
  sit back , relax , and i 'll take you back to the halcyon days of 1996 . 
  i 'd been at a birthday party with bowling and lazer quest when i was about 10 years old . 
  to our shock and horror the only fast food place attached to the complex was wimpy , the rest of the places were sit down restaurants and the parents hosting the party obviously did n't want to take 8 kids for a sit down meal . 
  even during the 90s wimpy was virtually unheard of , many people not believing that it still existed . 
  it was the kind of thing you only heard about from your parents . 
  about how it pre-dated the rise of mcdonalds and was the first company to try to push american style fast food on the british public in the 1950s . 
  anyway , by this stage in history wimpy was an incredibly backwards and terrible restaurant chain , mostly consisting 3rd party franchises that were barely scrapping by , that had been totally superseded by bigger fast food brands like mcdonalds , burger king , and pizza hut . 
  it had been abandoned by its american parent company in the 1970s when the us brand went under , and since then it had been nothing but testimony to the fact that when british companies try copy american business models , rather than playing to their own strengths , they inevitably end up looking like tacky imitations , lacking the motivation to innovate or move with the times . 
  since we had no alternative , we ventured into the wimpy restaurant section . 
  from mere appearance you could 've known not to get your hopes up . 
  while it did n't seem unhygienic , the whole place could be described as having a hint of grey , the run down look of a sad place that had seen better days , without adequate modern lighting which gave the restaurant the deary feeling that it was the last stop at the end of the world . 
  i 'll also add that the whole place was deserted , with not a customer to be seen . 
  braving the dour interior we approached the counter , a single member of staff stood behind , minding their own business almost in the hope that we 'd take one look and do a u-turn out the door . 
  we looked up above the counter to have our eyes assaulted by an unfamiliar menu , combined with the worst example photos of the food i 've ever seen . 
  mcdonalds and the other big companies spend a lot of money getting those professional photos of the food to look just right , i do n't know if you 've ever eaten at a kebab shop or a dirty roadside caf\u00e9 , but that 's how the photos of the burgers looked . 
  as if someone took a quick photo with a disposable camera in bad lighting , no special effort made to present the subject matter in an aesthetically pleasing manner whatsoever, 
  after navigating our way through the unusual menu , seeing things like the `` classic wimpy egg burger '' ( to this day i still do n't know exactly what an `` egg burger '' is , or why it was `` classic '' , i can only assume it the less popular cousin of the bacon burger ) , we managed to agree on which burgers the 8 of us were going to order . 
  the look of dismay on the member of staff 's face when we ordered 8 things was horrific . 
  alarm bells rang internally , when , after taking our order , the member of staff asked us which number table we were sitting at . 
  this was highly unusual , usually in such restaurants the food is either ready , or can be made in a short enough time that one can simply stand at the counter and wait , on the rare occasion they need more time to prepare the food they 'll hand you tray with a number on it . 
  however , at wimpy it seems waiting for your food to be brought to your table was par for the course , which made the whole `` fast food '' exterior feel like a front , a cruel trick to deceive you into believing that you would n't be waiting around . 
  anyway , we found a table , gave a number to the staff and sat down . 
  then , a 20 minute wait , during which the solitary member of staff had completely disappeared . 
  had anyone else desired wimpy during this period ( although it seems no one did ) they would have simply been met with an empty restaurant bar a few screaming kids and some confused parents . 
  it dawned on us that the same member of staff who took our order was also cooking our food . 
  not only that , but he was cooking our food * from scratch * . 
  after the 20 minutes he reappears from the kitchens , and meekly provides us with four burgers . 
  yes , that 's right , four lonely burgers , without fries , without drinks , without the rest of the order . 
  we asked him where the other burgers are , he said he had to cook them separately , we asked him where the drinks and fries were , and he just looks at us confused and slightly apologetic . 
  `` oh '' he said , `` you 've only ordered the burgers '' . 
  yes , that 's right , that price ( that was an equivalent price to a mcdonalds meal ) was only for the burgers , a meal would 've cost nearly double that . 
  so he goes away and comes back 10 minutes later with the other burgers , by which point the kids who had had their burgers arrive already had scoffed down the relatively modest offerings wimpy had provided , meaning everyone was eating separately and it took twice as long to actually eat the food . 
  the food itself was nothing special , reminiscent of the kind of burger you 'd receive at a fish and chip shop or kebab place , nothing you could n't have made at home with a bit of lettuce , ketchup , and american style cheese . 
  i remember the sheer level of disappointment and dissatisfaction that day . 
  even as kids of roughly 10 years old we could feel the crappiness of the experience , and see how poorly it compared to alternatives . 
  i also feel bad for my friend 's parents , who were n't very well off financially , and taking their child and 7 of his friends for fast food for his birthday was probably something they could n't afford easily . 
  having to drop that amount of money on such a shit experience , when everyone would 've rather gone somewhere else is just a shitty thing all round . 
  expensive , backwards , just terrible . 
  amazingly they survived as long as they did when you saw the competition . 
  technically wimpy did start in the us , it is now actually owned by it 's south african sister company , do n't put this one on us !, 
  `` lane splitting '' is legal in loads of countries , does n't lead to any problems . 
  the problem is that a city is build over a long time , nobody is going to pull down a functional building . 
  you can start a specific theme for your city now , but if 50 years when that older building is coming down to be replaced the consensus on the theme will have changed . 
  older cities manage to be much more consistent because of the era in which they were built , the local power holders could degree only certain buildings could go up and keep the same style for a century . 
  now compare a building from 1916 to one from 2016 , the difference could n't be more shocking , whereas a building from 1816 and 1916 have way more in common . 
  even cities like birmingham have some lovely parts where everything comes from the same era . 
  the art deco houses or the red brick university areas , but when you have development over time then you always end up with a hodge podge , many areas not being considered attractive . 
  virtually all the cities that are considered beautiful share the fact that they 're old and historic , and that 's really not something we can replicate . 
  bow to me peasants !, 
  apparently it 's an americanism . 
  not common in the uk for sure . 
  you can still be 200 pounds and build muscle in your legs and increase your cardiovascular limits , it 's not all about weight , exercise is better than no exercise regardless of how tubby you are . 
  i think dived is still prevalent in the uk . 
  i always accepted that dove was the correct american usage . 
  pretty sure they refer to outsiders as englishes because english is the primary language outside that community . 
  you could try to speak to them in german of course , but the form of german they speak is so fucky you might struggle unless you 're really fluent . 
  i saw a documentary about an amish family once and one kid picked up a water pistol and started aiming it at his brother . 
  he got scolded by his father for not behaving `` sober '' . 
  i think the problem with the amish is the way they shun members of the community if they have a disagreement with the church . 
  i saw a programme about the exiled amish and the amish came across as kinda dicks . 
  regardless , the things these people were being kicked out of the church for seemed really petty . 
  yeah ... no . 
  some materials like oil ca n't be manufactured from other things cheaply nor are they produced quickly enough in nature to be `` farmed '' . 
  mdma really started in the 80s , it was legal for a while , it did n't really hit terminal velocity until the 90s though . 
  do n't get murdered :3, 
  it 's authentic . 
  do n't pretend you have some intimate knowledge of british hair styles . 
  the fashion is spot on for late 80s / early 90s in the uk . 
  if they 're lying about the date , they 're lying about it by 5 years at the most , 1993 at the latest . 
  you can see it in the details , like the fact that no one as far as i can see has a hood on their jacket . 
  the hairstyles are too perfectly accurate to have been faked , not a modern style in sight . 
  almost nobody has to beard too . 
  it 's obviously not home video footage , but this is real . 
  yeah but it 's so hard to do that it probably wo n't be worth it . 
  sheeple !, 
  arrest for holding the door open ?
