  imo this forum is super pessimistic and i do n't understand why , everyone is saying you need a masters and a ton of experience for everything , well it 's not been like that for me . 
  lol so american . 
  put people in jail for public indecency rather than just fining them or something . 
  murica !, 
  not likely . 
  seemed humourless and self-important to me . 
  itt : people discussing whether mutants constitute humans rather than asking why this retarded law exists . 
  hate a country you do n't know anything about and have never visited because some bad shit happens there ... complain when people hate on your country , bet it 's the us , the irony . 
  i disagree , he seemed very annoyed to me . 
  i prefer the people who try to be nice about it , trump seems like the typical `` i 'm too important for this '' business man . 
  so much wrong with this comment . 
  if singing encourages a non-rhotic - r , which itself does n't make sense ( a non-rhotic - r is a vowel ) , it would n't reflect a californian accent ( which is a rhotic dialect ) . 
  furthermore the idea that everyone sounds american when they sing is another stupid factoid perpetrated by people who do n't know what they 're talking about . 
  fact is accents are a lot harder to distinguish when people sing , lots of the features of spoken language are no longer recognisable . 
  it 's for this reason that when people hear someone with a distinctive accent sing they naively assume that the singer has swapped to their own accent which to their ear does n't sound distinctive . 
  thus the myth that foreign singers sound american amongst americans . 
  in fact it works both ways , when americans sing british or australians might think at person is from their own country , but when they start talking it 's immediately obvious that they 're not . 
  people often try to counter this piece of common sense by pointing at people like the clash and sex pistols where the accent is very obvious , but in fact this is the product of a conscious effort on behalf of the singer to retain the accent for style reasons . 
  the same effect can be seen in american country singers who try to sound distinctly southern when they sing . 
  you just made that up . 
  they 're not singing in their native accents , they 're exaggerating their native accent to produce a certain effect , if they were singing naturally in their accent you 'd probably not think they had these accents . 
  the standard newsreader accent is just the worst if you ask me . 
  it sounds so nasal . 
  [ i wish americans spoke like this crazy guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bxuunepugn4 ), 
  better than factoid going around that american accents are original and that the british changed theirs after losing the colony . 
  what a load of shit . 
  learn some geography , it would get you from about western france to germany . 
  lol . 
  make an outrageous claim with no citation , someone says something to counter it , then ask for a citation . 
  i already explained in another post that when people sing normally it sounds more neutral to everyone because the features of language that distinguish accents are lost . 
  some people arrogantly assume that means the singer is singing in their own accent which they perceive as indistinct/neutral . 
  if you want your accent to be obvious when sing you have to active try to keep it , lily allen is the perfect example of that because she 's a faux cockney and wants to project a working class london image ( she 's actually come from money ) . 
  adele also speaks with a london accent , but does n't sound like that . 
  the same thing is obvious in american country singers , they retain their accents deliberately in song because it suits their image . 
  to be fair i do n't deny that , but he interviews loads of equally important people they were nice enough to humour him . 
  judge a man by how he treats ( what he perceives to be ) his inferiors if you ask me . 
  newt gringrich and noam chomsky were both very patient and came across as more humble in my opinion . 
  look it up , it 's the most common theory amongst linguists as to why people seem to assume singers are singing in their own accent . 
  accents are distinguishable for a number of reasons such as vowel positioning , how one glides between diphthongs and whether certain letters are pronounced , alongside a ton of other things . 
  all this is harder to place when someone sings , you do n't know whether a certain vowel placement is the product of the singing voice or an accent . 
  most singers do not retain these features deliberately , however singers like lily allen do . 
  she actively keep qualities like - th fronting in order to fit her style . 
  the opposite example is opera singers , you can listen to british or american opera singers and they do n't sound remotely distinct because they all sing in a learned cookie cutter classical opera fashion . 
  all the singers with very clear accents use a similar style which is almost like sing talking , which both the artists you linked utilise . 
  that 's mostly bullshit . 
  russia is n't an especially high risk place for foreign tourists . 
  they are anti-gay , but it was n't that long ago that america was too . 
  also in russia you just happen to be gay but do n't show any indication of it then people will leave you alone . 
  being gay is n't actually prosecuted there just actions that could be seen as active public displays of homosexuality . 
  there are many countries where being gay would get you in trouble , plenty of places in south america , asia , europe and even in the backward parts of the states would react aggressively if they saw two men holding hands in the street . 
  you 're far more likely to be kidnapped in other parts of the world . 
  i think you have a distorted view of russia through the lens of us media . 
  it 's not an enlightened bastion of progress like some places but neither is it uncivilised place you 're suggesting it is . 
  the us has gay hate , racism and drug problems too . 
  what you 're saying it like me saying i hate the us because of ghettos , rednecks , and the crack problem in certain areas . 
  ca n't imagine someone saying this shit if he 'd used dollars . 
  you 're full of shit pal . 
  i agree , the place is sleaze central , crooks everywhere , the police are corrupt as hell , and the whole economy centres around the sale of sex . 
  there are much nicer places in thailand to go than pattaya . 
  i thought you were joking but then i watched the video, 
  imo it looks like one of those throwback clubs where middle aged pill heads go to pretend it 's still the 90s if you ask me . 
  there 's always a few of these in the rougher towns and cities of the uk . 
  hardly the average uk club . 
  all right mr mdma detective , stop pretending to an expert , what you 're saying is 100 % retarded . 
  unsurprisingly different drugs affect different people differently . 
  i 'm still against the addition of flying mounts !, 
  lol my brain is heavily conditioned to respond to that music . 
  so much wrong with you chap . 
  how do you know he 's not on a low dose ? 
  you do n't ? 
  have you seen enough people on a high dose of mdma to know exactly what it 's possible to look like ? 
  no you do n't . 
  yes i have seen people on mandy , i 've seen it do everything from make people want to curl up in a ball in a comfy bed to dance non-stop for 8 hours straight . 
  maybe he 's just coming up on a massive bomb or a triple drop , maybe he 's taken a whole host of things , we 'll never know . 
  all i can say is that he 's probably not on meth given it 's in the uk where meth use is n't common . 
  like i said stop pretending to be an mdma expert . 
  you are full of shit mr phoney expert , he may well have taken a low dose and is just having fun . 
  stop making stuff up . 
  you 're the one acting like a dick , you 're coming across like a 17 year old drug expert who thinks he knows it all . 
  in reality one person might take 100mg and absolutely lose their shit whilst another might take 500mg and seem pretty chill . 
  we do n't know , not everyone who take a fuck tonne of md looks like the guy in your photos , we 're all different , it 's not even you 're opinion that 's douchey , it 's the way you try to justify it repeatedly from experience like the sage of mdma . 
  now shush , i 'm not being a dick , i 'm just calling you on what you said . 
  molly is an americanism, 
  * sigh * unzips, 
  abandon all hope ye who enter this comment section sounds a lot better . 
  honestly this is the only programme i 've ever sent a complaint to the producers about due to it 's cancelling . 
  i suggest everyone does the same and at least then they 'll know what a good ip they 've let go to waste . 
  found the jealous american . 
  fortunate enough to be able to afford 4 mobility scooters . 
  at a fair price though , i 've never bought a film on itunes or anything because it 's just a rip off . 
  if it 's not on netflix you can be certain it 's getting pirated, 
  [ spoilers ] ( #b `` lmao '' ), 
  [ spoilers ] ( #b `` thank mr skeltal '' ), 
  \u2584 \u2591 \u2590 \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2584 \u2584 \u2591 \u2588 \u2591 \u2580 \u2580 u have been spooked by the, 
  \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2591 \u2590 \u258c \u2580 \u2584 \u2580 \u2584 \u2580 \u2590 \u2584 spooky skeleton, 
  it used to be the case that education was valued in and of itself . 
  you could study 10th century history and people would respect that meant you were an intelligent capable person and give you a job doing something . 
  nowadays that is not the case , a degree is not longer and `` elite '' education , more and more people want practical skills in specific areas . 
  honest i think that 's wrong . 
  both sides have a point .
