  city people definitely relate to foreigners and immigrants differently , whereas outside the cities you have this strong sense of the english/british way of life . 
  living in a town that is majority white british , only a few 100k people , and not in the shadow in any major cities , people simply relate to each other differently . 
  and why would n't they , they are all far more similar to each other than people in cities , you can mostly take for granted so much more , stuff like the fact that someone speaks your language , grew up experiencing the same local things as you , understands all the same culture references . 
  i think there is just a stark difference between city people and local types , you can certainly tell quite soon if someone is in a city or a local mentality . 
  i ca n't say i really like the `` local '' attitude of uk towns , to me them seem underachieving and entitled , but that 's just me , i 'm they see more cosmopolitan city travelling around types in an equally negative light . 
  as for the north/south divide , it 's much overplayed , but i see it breaking down something like [ this ] ( http://imgur.com/a/sfii1 ) . 
  the red line is where the real shift occurs in so far as people stop relating to the south in the same way . 
  north of the green line is unambiguously the `` north '' ( yes cheshire is northern even if it 's poncy in parts , it really does n't relate to the `` midlands '' in the same way as somewhere like derbyshire ) , the blue line is unambiguously southern ( i debated putting cambridgeshire in there but i really think the only part of cambridgeshire that feels unambiguously southern is cambridge town itself , the moment you get into the county proper it 's much more east midlandsy ) . 
  i choose to use the historical counties because i think historically they made more of a difference than the modern divisions . 
  as you can see , oxfordshire sort of half in the midlands , north oxfordshire feeling much more midlandsy than the south , and lincoln really is split between north and south , the boundary being around grantham which is still haunted by the ghost of thatcher . 
  no , that 's not what i said at all . 
  all i 'm saying is you have plenty of entitled middle class people . 
  your parents worked to move out to some nice suburbs , you grow up there , you stay there . 
  the problem is that this town is not an economic hub , it 's a town your parents could live in only because they 're already forged their careers elsewhere , so when you stay living there you do n't get the kind of job opportunities you 'd like , and you also are used to a luxury way of life on account be growing around affluent suburbanites . 
  instead of thinking , i should n't be here , people get angry that they ca n't get what they think they deserve on account of their environment . 
  of course they inherit their parents money , but that wo n't give you their lifestyle , that money is finite , and the inheritance just makes them more apathetic and complacent . 
  then they blame immigrants , the government , poor people for their woes , instead of realising that it does n't get handed to you on a plate . 
  this is actually dangerous to be honest . 
  people have actually died doing it , the strain its put them under has induced a heart attack . 
  now , yeah , that 's unlikely with young healthy people but still . 
  for the love of god , if you 're going to get into eating very spicy things start out with something more manageable . 
  i think this video makes it very clear what apples mentality is . 
  apple is a very specific product made serve a very specific part of the market . 
  to their credit , apple products look great , are usually very user friendly , and with them you buy into a culture of always having recourse when something goes wrong or needs replacing . 
  they are marketed at people who generally are n't particularly techy , with perhaps the exception of the creative technology crowd . 
  so keeping everything looking simple without too many ports and stuff is part of their strategy . 
  when buying apple these people accept the closed garden , the expensive addons , the prescriptive nature of apple 's technology . 
  as much as i feel strongly that apple products are opposite of what i 'm looking for in computer technology , absolutely nothing about them suits me and often i find them infuriating in how they work , i have to respect that they 're making a product for their market , and people do buy them so there 's no point complaining . 
  apple users , you choice is either stick with apple without a headphone jack , or change to a different brand . 
  you knew what apple is like going into this . 
  you can either take it or leave it , simple as that . 
   the theory is that once muslim immigrants get their eu passport , they head to the uk . 
  which goes to show how delusional many brits are that they think everyone is going to give up the life they 've built in germany or sweden just to come to our mostly mediocre island . 
  think what you will . 
  the rise of the alt-right anti-globalist position is fuelled entirely by a middle class people who feel that their quality of life is deteriorating . 
  middle classes have seen a drop off in wealth massively in the last 30 years . 
  this is simply a fact . 
  a lot of people are angry and are jumping on new political ideology that is anti-globalists , pro-protectionism , and anti-immigration . 
  immigration is n't a tax burden . 
  the reason it 's not put a stop to is actually because the rich benefit from it . 
  meanwhile since reagan the public sector has been shrunk by simply not growing it at a rate that matches the growth in population or economic growth . 
  terrorists are not a reason to fear muslims , that 's like saying you fear buddhists because there are certain very violent buddhist terrorists . 
  i quite liked him when he was just an eccentric local politician/journalist/panel show comedian . 
  when he actually started making a difference to my life , however , mild amusement changed to sheer terror . 
  in many ways he 's a bit like donald trump , nobody really worried about trump when he was just minor celebrity/reality tv star/business magnate . 
  we need to learn to keep these comic characters out of political office . 
  i believe a dog 's talents , firstly , only work if the dog only rarely finds what it 's looking for , if it finds what it 's looking for too often and in quick succession it 'll just get overexcited and starts to smell what it 's been trained to find everywhere , giving false positives . 
  secondly , you need an environment that is n't constantly changing . 
  dogs are most effective doing something like searching a warehouse . 
  sticking them outside a nightclub or festival is completely useless , sometimes it 's just used as a way for the police to justify a search , but in reality it 's just endangering people because they get scared and neck all their drugs before passing the dog increasing the likelihood of someone oding . 
  for the father ... nothing . 
  no , i 'm telling people what some people think . 
  i think you 're fine to teach with just a celta . 
  obviously what you can and ca n't do will depend on which country you visit . 
  somewhere where native speaking english teachers are in demand will obviously allow you more opportunities . 
  somewhere where qualifications are taken very seriously , like germany , and where there are already quite a few native speaking teacher , will mean your choices are somewhat limited by a lack of higher education ( although experience counts for a lot too ) . 
  my experience in germany is that just a celta is fine for many general english schools , lots of big places like inlingua , berlitz are not remotely bothered whether you have many qualifications , and i know people who do n't even have celta that have got jobs there based on being native speakers or having teaching experience while travelling or whatever . 
  the business schools tend to be a bit more fussy and have a stronger preference for graduates , but even that is n't 100 % true , it can also depend on your age , personality , and experience . 
  certainly , many of the older teachers in business schools i 've experienced were hired purely due to their real life business experience and not on the basis of teaching qualifications or higher education . 
  they prefer university graduates simply because it suits their image , but if you have the right image anyway they might overlook that . 
  the same goes for some adult education institutions , the kind that might offer cookery lessons and such alongside languages and other things , they have a strong preference for graduates , because they are often public institutions that might need to justify their hiring policy to a higher authority , but even there a university degree is n't an absolute necessity . 
  without higher education the only jobs you 're truly locked out of in my opinion are those in higher education institutes themselves , in either private or public universities . 
  although private university institutions tend to be slightly more flexible , they still do n't want to put someone without higher education in front of students that are in higher education . 
  working in a public university in germany is tough as an english teacher , many preferring to hire a non-native speaker with a masters degree over a native speaker with experience or a bachelors . 
  do n't ask me why but in germany qualifications are king , and imo the bigger and more public the institution , the fewer risks they 'll take with their hiring policy . 
  do n't listen to the other poster imo . 
  most english teachers do n't know the language to a level where they 'd be able to do a fancy job in it , most range from knowing virtually nothing , `` wo sind die toiletten , bitte ? '', 
  to a conversation level around b1 or b2 , which is only enough to do quite basic jobs in the native language . 
  that said , while not a necessity , proficiency in the language can certainly help when it comes to finding jobs and being taken seriously when you find them , just because it make you seem less like a clueless new arrival who has n't settled in the country yet . 
  that 's not my experience at all . 
  imo it 's the big schools that are least fussy about qualifications ( inlingua , berlitz etc. 
  ) , and it 's the smaller business schools and , naturally , higher education facilities that demand higher education and hire based on the number of letters you can put after your name . 
  as for knowing the local language , it 's never been seen as much as an advantage in my opinion since most schools teach solely in english to a mixed nationality crowd , meaning that using the target language is discouraged and only useful when working with certain students . 
  and i 've managed to go through my whole life believing that wreak was simply the present tense form of wrought . 
  nope , totally different words . 
  got to love that archaic language . 
  if modern videos have any conspiracy , it 's the conspiracy to normalise military violence and encourage young kids to want to join the armed forced with stuff like cod . 
  yeah , everyone gets these words wrong though , in fact plenty of them are just seen as idiomatic expressions and you 'd be hard pushed to find someone who knew the whole verb form . 
  i flinch every time i hear `` he bided his time '' rather than `` he bode his time '' , which just what i grew up hearing from older relatives . 
  also `` bade '' when pronounced differently from `` bad '' is the same . 
  `` wrath '' pronounced differently from `` wroth '' , there 's a bit of an anything goes attitude with these words . 
  so we just need to reach an agreement that protects the vested interests of 27 member states and we 're golden . 
  there 's nothing wrong with telling a group of people who another group of people have made patently clear . 
  the route of much anti-immigration mentality stems from a sense of the loss of shared british identity and a fear of competing worldviews . 
  however , the perceived threat to british identity and worldview does not come from eu migrants . 
   also , i 'll never understand why people whinge about people in the street speaking languages other than english . 
  do you really need to understand everything a random stranger 's saying ? 
  something you almost certainly would n't give a damn about if they were speaking english ? 
  it just seems like a disgusting sense of entitlement , and they have the nerve to call the foreigners arrogant . 
  honestly , knowing what some of these types are like , they feel quite threatened by someone speaking another language . 
  it angers them that people can speak about things in a way they do n't understand , and it makes them feel inadequate for being monolingual themselves . 
  i know people to fit the stereotypical mould and they 're definitely types that take quite a nosy interest in what other people are talking about and doing , they hate not knowing what other have or what other people think in order to judge them against their standard of what is `` right '' . 
  they 're generally not too bright in the conventional sense , and therefore have paranoid fears that they 're being mocked without their knowledge when they hear foreign languages spoken in their vicinity . 
  they also tend to be extremely conformist , and love to judge others for not keeping up with the jones and for holding views that do n't fit with their banal conventional `` common sense '' wisdom . 
  i 'm just talking stereotypes now but i have an old school friend who was a rabid brexiteer and fits this perfectly . 
  raised in a working class household where `` men are men '' , very `` chivalrous '' and patronising attitude towards women ( despite ironically coming from a very matriarchal family , which is a surprisingly common mix imo , since men from these backgrounds are raised not to challenge women due to not seeing them on even keel with men and are very easily led by them ) , spotless new build family home with white carpets everywhere and naff cream leather furniture . 
  the problem with this guy is that the moment he meets anyone new you can immediately see them sizing them up . 
  if they do n't agree with his worldview they are classed as `` wasteman scallies '' , `` stinking layabout students '' , or `` pretentious booksmart poshos '' who know nothing about the way the world really works . 
  hardworking working class grafters however are the top of his social hierarchy , and only they are enlightened and capable of seeing the real truth , which inevitable involve thinly veiled nationalist bias or borderline racism . 
  it 's not so much that he hates people of other races , it 's just the he hates anyone who does n't fit his prescriptive idea of what society should be , and what that should be according to him is this idealised heteronormative `` call a spade a spade '' economically lower middle class , but traditionally working class culture .
