  he 's probably done 2 hours research about the uk online and now thinks he can feign being a native . 
  what an absolute tool ... 
  good point . 
  i 've had some americans say scotland , england like you 'd say denver , colorado . 
  also referring to irish from the republic as british . 
  i do always imagine them saying such things in local pubs in scotland or r.o.i , a fast route to a broken nose i imagine . 
  i 'm not saying other cultures do n't identify through the usual superficial crap like entertainment , celebrities , and commercial stuff . 
  however i feel like this stuff forms more a part of the american identity than in other cultures since other cultures import more superficial culture and have historical roots going back millennia . 
  otherwise sound like a fair assessment . 
  what a pantomime !, 
  all english speakers are guilty of this at some point or the other , although i try to call it the netherlands . 
  holland 's just such a catch name i guess . 
  firstly if it 's not national culture it 's not american culture , it 's texan culture or georgian culture and so on . 
  also americans tend to overplay their local cultural difference , and ignore the fact that other cultures have that too . 
  yes there are cultural difference between people in maine and people in florida , there 's also difference between people in yorkshire and people in cornwall , and people in bavaria and people in lower saxony . 
  finally 200 different ipa 's made by hipsters and different types of sub sandwiches do not count as vast cultural differences . 
  intense-ass cramps or intense ass-cramps ? 
  damn i would n't want to live where you live . 
  where was that ? 
  `` or a man who makes potions in a travelling sho-o-o-ow '', 
  hardly much better . 
  wow i thought the northern states were more tolerant . 
  it should be illegal in the sense that there is a penalty attached to it . 
  although it 's not theft . 
  it does n't make one a criminal to pirate content any more than breaking the speed limit makes you a criminal . 
  it 's not even as significant as speeding since it 's not endangering anyone . 
  furthermore the penalty should be on those who upload content for others and not merely people who view said content . 
  what 's really ridiculous is the current state of copyright and the entertainment industry . 
  we live in a globalised society , it 's simply unrealistic to ask people in say romania to wait 3 years to see episodes of their favourite english language programmes after they 've been released in their country of origin . 
  what we need is supranational licencing that allows everyone in the world to access content at the same time for a fair price . 
  a sort of steam for all media content . 
  the main problems we have are threefold . 
  one is the inability for such a supranational organisation to exist due to countries being unable to agree on anything . 
  two is out of touch legislators who are absurdly cautious when it comes to changing anything in the legal system , it 's simply impossible to change the law quickly from the judicial level , it would require serious legislation that no government would be willing to gamble on . 
  finally we have the problem of the entertainment industry that has come accustomed to charging absurd amount for content before the days of the internet due to controlling the physical means by which their entertainment could be viewed . 
  before the internet if you wanted content you could either watch television , go to the cinema , or rent/buy a vhs . 
  it was literally impossible to obtain this content in any other form . 
  dodgy copied vhs cassettes were their greatest problem . 
  if anyone in the world could watch game of thrones in hd the moment it was released and pay individual a euro/dollar/pound or two for the content per episode how much would this reduce piracy ? 
  sadly if i were to want to see an episode upon release it would mean subscribing to an expensive cable/satellite package with 500 channels i do n't want and a 1,000,000 hours of content i 'm not going to view . 
  this is the power that came with owning the mean by which entertainment could be accessed . 
  with the internet this power has been lost , but the entertainment industry still makes enough money from the few who wo n't use the internet to access content to keep it going . 
  in a way the greatest solution to our current problems would achieved if everyone were to pirate their entertainment . 
  this would force the industry to change to a model that would actually encourage ease of access for an fair price rather than forcing people to sign up for bulk packages stuff they do n't want to see as if consumers did n't have a choice . 
  the truth is consumers do have a choice now , and it 's up to the industry to incentivise them to make the right choice , rather than trying to blackmail them into conforming to an outmoded model . 
  well in countries with the concept of jaywalking it works fine ... 
  in many countries pedestrians have right of way at all time . 
  if you see someone in the road and have time to stop then you must stop otherwise you 're at fault . 
  however if someone just steps out into the road then it 's deemed that you could n't have done anything about it and you 're not at fault . 
  amazingly in those countries the roads are not flooded with people crossing the road without respect for traffic despite there being no penalty for doing so . 
  self preservation serves as sufficient motivation for people not to do this . 
  additionally there 's almost no borderline cases where it 's unclear who 's at fault . 
  if someone steps out before your car and your not not within a reasonable reactions + stopping distance you 're not at fault simple as that . 
  proof europeans are smarter than americans ? 
  yes , the response to wanton corruption is naturally to say `` fuck it , legalise that shit ... '' . 
  downvoting for `` pls '', 
  i 'm lorde , la la la la, 
  not necessary in the slightest if you ask me . 
  if you get a good tefl qualification such as celta or tesol that 's what employers will value more than anything . 
  you are expected to have an education of a standard equivalent to what you 'd need to acquire a higher education to take the course , however that does n't have to be outstanding , it just means good enough to get you into an average university on an average course somewhere . 
  that 's crap . 
  both celta and tesol require one to have `` have a university degree or a standard of education equivalent to that which is required for higher education '' . 
  many people who take these courses do n't have degrees and it 's the teaching qualification that employers are looking for . 
  celta master race !, 
  not true . 
  you can do it if your english is `` cae pass or ielts 7.0 in all four papers . '', 
  proof that europeans are more common than americans !, 
  i think you need to just make it clear you 're not korean . 
  you 're a canadian with korean ancestry , there is a vast difference . 
  parents may frown when they see you but the moment you open your mouth they 'll know the difference . 
  celta is fine without a teaching background if you ask me . 
  i 'd never taught a day in my life when i started . 
  i saw how other people did on the course i think the following is most important . 
  - time : celta is very time demanding . 
  far more than higher education . 
  it 's like going back to school except more homework and more stressful . 
  everyday was a 9 am start , finishing at either 5pm or 6pm depending on the day . 
  when we were teaching 30 minute periods it meant 2 hours homework a night , when it was one hour it meant 2-3 hours homework every other day . 
  also every sunday i dedicated a whole evening to writing an assessment . 
  - confidence : are you confident speaking in front of a large group of people ? 
  some of the people on the course struggled because they could n't keep it together when things were n't going to plan . 
  teaching can be a tough job when you have a bunch of eyes staring at you looking like they do n't know what you 're trying to do . 
  you also need to be confident in your capacity to understand the material . 
  - understanding of language and grammar : this is another thing you need to have . 
  nobody expects you to be a qualified linguist , but some the students really struggled with this aspect of the course , sure even when you 're qualified you 'll have the occasional sentence come up that will stump you , but you should at least have the basics of grammar down . 
  you do n't have to know the abstract grammatical theory ( although it never hurts ! ), 
  but you must now all the english tenses and how they are formed , conditionals , the passive mood , how questions are formed , reported speech , the different parts of speech . 
  with these things you 'll be fine . 
  do n't stress out , just make the most of it and work hard . 
  nobody on my course failed , although we did have a few close calls with a couple of students . 
  i was lucky and landed a job with the same place that i studied celta at , good luck !, 
  celta / tesol trumps any kind of higher education virtually every time . 
  at least that 's my experience in germany . 
  in my experience in europe employers are n't particularly interested in higher educatio , much rather , in order of priority , they want a teaching qualification , experience , being a native speaker . 
  sure a degree is preferable but it 's dwarfed by the other considerations . 
  that 's a nice way of putting openly racist . 
  well it might be different where you are , all i know from employers i 've worked with in germany is that they 're far more likely to employ someone for the skills they have in teaching ( as evidenced by their teaching qualification and experience ) and will pay minimal attention to an academic qualification in a completely unrelated subject . 
  in some countries it may be more about the prestige of having a graduate , but it does n't work like that here . 
  i 'll add these are n't employers you 'd be remotely sceptical about , large business english schools , the state adult education system and so forth . 
  i have no idea what they are or how it works in korea .
