  it 's a fact though that opera singers can pull off singing in languages they do n't speak entirely fluently , that they can pass for native until they have to do spoken dialogue , so there definitely is an effect that masks someones accent when they sing . 
  if you had a solid 5-10 economic plan , one with a high chance of really paying off , and a plan to help the british people weather the change , then it would be different . 
  jumping into the unknown with a vague inkling that things might turn out better ( although most do n't agree ) , is not the same thing . 
   so what leavers actually have voted against is their only way to stop a federal europe . 
  lol , are you smoking crack ? 
  the eu will federalise anyway , so they have n't `` stopped '' anything . 
  secondly , the uk would n't have plenty of opportunity to leave before then , and becoming part of the federation will require a referendum itself , so , no , leavers did not use their `` only way '' . 
  instead they shat the bed before it was anywhere near happening , and instead of taking the smart move , which was simply to opt out of federalisation , they burnt their bridges and flounced out the door . 
  even the low skill low wealth workers , of which the uk received far more than they sent , these people were rarely dregs of society . 
  most of them were just looking to do a fair day 's work for what they perceived as a fair day 's pay , far more than they 'd get doing the same job in their home countries , and this let them climb the social ladder . 
  what this diagram misses are the other factors involved . 
  for example , eea membership would not just piss off leave voters , it would actually massively disadvantage the government . 
  firstly , eea members , whilst having single market access , does not guarantee financial passporting , which is actually just as vital or more vital as being able to buy and sell goods in europe without tariffs . 
  secondly , eea membership would leave the eu government at the whim of the eu when it comes to regulations , with no say in what is passed , putting the uk at a disadvantage and no way to counterbalance it without leaving . 
  the more i look at eea membership to more it looks like a shitty compromise with no good points except being able to honestly say we 've left the eu . 
  for sale !, 
  pictures of the queen and hummingbirds !, 
  get them while they 're hot . 
  transactions accepted in $ and $ only !, 
  it was actually caused by people closing their shorts , nobody was sure what would happen next , or whether the market was overestimating the impact , so people closed their short positions and this in turn sent the market up a bit . 
  well , yes and no . 
  if we reject eea we lose passporting , but from the looks of things germany and france are ready to strip us of passporting if we stay in the eea anyway as they 're sick of our shit and want a slice of that pie . 
  staying in the eea is definitely preferable to a total break for businesses , because it keeps the same regulation which means no change and therefore little instability , manufacturing would also retain its ability to move goods in and out of the country with no price changes . 
  staying in the eea would not please the leave voters though , as we would retain freedom of movement , be bound to brussels in our laws , and pay money to the eu . 
  however , long term , both politically and economically , the eea membership is a bloody dreadful idea . 
  it would make our government impotent in regard to which legislation the eu passes down , the uk could easily be pushed around and have no say in the matter . 
  economically we would suffer long term from there , because we 'd have to play by the same rules as the eu while not shaping it , and we would n't have the freedom to reshape our own economy to make it competitive with eu countries . 
  so we 're fucked . 
  the more i think about the compromise eea option the more i realise how utterly worthless it is , it only disadvantages the uk and brings absolutely no positives whatsoever . 
  we would literally just be shooting ourselves in the foot so we could say to a bunch of idiot leave supporters `` look we 've left the eu '' , leave supporters who are n't going to be satisfied because all the things they though a brexit entailed wo n't happen . 
  i 'm starting to think now that if the government does actually go through with this then they 're going to almost certainly make a clean break , because the eea option , while it might be good for business short term , could fuck the uk over for the next few decades . 
  if a clean break is n't an option , then we may as well do everything possible to stay in the eu and return the status quo , which is what i sincerely hope will happen . 
  vote to leave the eu !, 
  i think the whole issue is somewhat overblown . 
  the government is basically saying that it wo n't give the assurance that all eu nationals can stay unless they get a similar assurance in return . 
  i do n't think that 's a bad thing , because if the uk gov pledges that they can stay then they lose bargaining power . 
  in reality though , the likelihood of the eu saying that existing uk nationals living in the eu ca n't stay is very unlikely because of the principles the eu holds to . 
  i wo n't be hard to get a unilateral agreement going . 
  that 's unlikely to be a big issue in the negotiations should the uk leave . 
  speaking as a uk national living in the eu , i do n't think it 's really that terrible that the uk are waiting for a mutual agreement , and while pledging to keep eu nationals before the eu says anything would be nice to reassure eu nationals living in the uk , it would have the opposite effect on uk nationals living in the eu , making us feel jeopardised and as if our interests were being disregarded . 
  just going to throw out some ideas . 
  i found this sub i guessing about 2 years ago now ? 
  somewhere between 1-2 years anyway . 
  i remember the sub being a lot smaller . 
  anyway , my complaint is simply that things have got too political . 
  when the sub was smaller there was a real diversity of content , but much of that content was stuff like americans arguing about whether or chicken burger was a chicken sandwich . 
  mocking the more silly side of american culture . 
  now because of the political situation it 's become a bit more nasty . 
  sure there were always tonnes of posts about angry racist pricks calling people cucks or muh guns and stuff . 
  that 's how i feel anyway . 
  i want to unsubscribe from british facts ... 
  brexit would be doing that regardless of whether they 'd pledged to keep eu nationals . 
  i just think that if the uk pledged that then it could be years before uk nationals know what 's going to happen to them . 
  at least this way a mutual agreement could be one of the first things agreed upon . 
  i know that people 's lives are hold , the same thing is happening to uk nationals in the eu . 
  i know we 're not as economically vulnerable on average as eu migrants in the uk , but our interests should be of concern . 
  i 'll also add , that even if the governments pledged such a thing , it will only be the start of the uncertainty for uk nations in the eu and eu nationals in the uk . 
  just because we have a pledge does n't say anything about what the conditions of our continued residence will look like . 
  it 's a nice gesture to pledge that everyone will be allowed to stay , but it means very little , and could mean anything from giving everyone fast tracked citizenship to transferring everyone to working visas with harsh conditions written into them . 
  say that as a member of the psychic minority . 
  the very point i 'm making that pledges to let us stay will not actually mean anything right now . 
  stay can mean so many things , from work visas to passports . 
  it 's not going to ease anyone 's mind really , nobody thinks we 're going to be rounded up and deported , that 's absurd , but the conditions of our staying will have to be negotiated . 
  if the uk government gives strong pledges saying that not one person will have to go home because of brexit , it really does weaken the position of uk nationals in the eu . 
  you do n't seem to realise that this threatens to take us out of our homes , and break up our families too . 
  it really does n't make sense for the uk to take a position until the negotiations start , if they ever do . 
  if the uk gives assurance now , it will almost certainly be hollow , and if it 's not , it will certainly weaken the negotiation position . 
  the sensible move is to get an agreement on the table as a first port of call during the negotiation phase , and both uk nations and eu nationals will have some clearly defined assurances about what their rights will be . 
   how does it weaken ? 
  it gives european countries an option to kick uk citizens out or treat them harshly that the uk would not be able to reciprocate . 
   at worst , if we kick out the eu nationals from the country , we would fuck up the nhs , university and other public services including the government/civil service . 
  the eu knows this . 
  nobody is expecting anyone to start kicking people out . 
  it 's not realistic prospect , this is simply about terms . 
   in contrast , those other eu countries are going to lose a lot more pensioners and ex-pats and trade them for now skilled ex-uk migrants ? 
  uk migrants still contribute a great deal to the economies of countries they live in , just as eu migrants contribute to ours . 
  even those pensioners , despite not working , claim pensions in the uk and spend them in other countries . 
   we should be trying to get goodwill with both the eu and the citizens to prevent them migrating anyway and that certainly wo n't happen by keeping valuable talent hostage . 
  i do n't think it 'll make any difference if we do or not . 
  the eu knows the uk wants to keep most the migrants ( even if a portion of the uk population do not ) , the eu would n't realistically kick people out either , this is about terms . 
  i 'd much rather the uk leveraged their position to get a mutual permanent right to reside for the people living in the uk / eu , than the uk gives its power by pledging and then the eu , or individual member states , use us as a bargaining chip in forthcoming negotiations . 
  you would give a minor amount of reassurance to the eu migrants in the uk at the expense of the uk national eu community 's reassurance . 
  same thing can happen with you computer if you go fucking around in the power supply . 
  like i said , there 's no way they 'd kick them out , but this will come to terms of their remaining . 
  saying the assurances like we wo n't kick you out because you 're an eu migrant does n't mean anything . 
  giving them 3 months to get a job with a salary over so much would n't be `` kicking them out '' , but it would be treating them very harshly . 
  sure , if you want them to say nobody will be being deported simply because their an eu national , then get them to , but it means nothing . 
  we are talking about human lives , but those of uk nationals abroad too . 
  let 's get ourselves into a situation where it serves both parties to give generous rights to people who moved under eu freedom of movement , it 's in everyone 's self interest . 
  you say it 's morally wrong but you do n't see any eu officials giving assurances to britons aboard or at home . 
  this is just how these things work , it 's still too early to tell what will happen . 
  the culture of racism and abuse this stupid referendum has bred in the uk is the problem that 's making people feel uncomfortable . 
  none of that is true . 
  the original spelling is with the - ou , coming directly from the norman french into english . 
  at some point around the 17th century , it became a fashionable affectation of the educated and aristocratic classes to drop the - u in words ending with - our . 
  a cheeky deliberate misspelling that was a nod to your status . 
  this is because it was a way for them to display their knowledge of latin . 
  the original latin suffix being - or , but always having typically been spelt in english as - our ( although bear in mind that there was no prescriptive standard spelling in those days , nevertheless , - our was the most common ) . 
  for some words this fashion stuck , for example , governour and superiour totally fell out of use . 
  however , for most words the - our was considered the correct english spelling , and this was standardised in the earliest dictionaries of the english language .
