  that 's like saying american = to new york accent . 
  all the people you mention have strong regional dialects so it 's no different from people in boston or rural texas . 
  people have no trouble understanding john oliver or other britons who speak with a standard accent . 
  whats funny is that americans ca n't pronounce the letter - o even with a newsreader accent . 
  so words like cot and caught , pom and palm all sound identical . 
  at least we 're trying to pronounce english how it 's written . 
  what can i say i just love yankee tears . 
  no you 're all yankees to us . 
  we do n't care what you have to say . 
  does n't matter if you 're from texas or new england , you 're all yanks . 
  it 's our language we 'll use it as we please . 
  also imagine how stupid rednecks sound to most americans , that 's how dumb you sound to us . 
  the southern accent is just an extreme example . 
  yes , you 're not getting those things are social problem that are hard to fix . 
  hygiene , temperature and giving reading material seem easy to fix . 
  of course we say father christmas , we 're speaking english , not some weird anglo-dutch hybrid english creole . 
  i do n't know why you 're surprised . 
  in most countries make it more important to be aware of international affairs , with america also speaking english it makes it even more prominent . 
  it 's not like i do n't know about australia or germany either . 
  this commercial is a commercial for my movies !, 
  that 's an english accent, 
  `` it 's like an rpg '' a life of reddit awaits this one, 
  circlejerk, 
  missing the point there . 
  if you go to germany and assume almost everyone speaks some english you 'd be right , but you 're still an ass for assuming that about someone and not bothering to ask in german first . 
  yeah well berlin is very artsy , tonnes of hipsters , lax attitude to rules , quite poor in parts with large immigrant populations , 24 hour city , lots of foreigners , bavaria is highly conservative , traditional , strict with rules , catholic , speak like yokels / austrians . 
  when exactly has the us has a tyrannical government ? 
  i did n't find it that funny . 
  it did n't really have a niche . 
  the shock humour and weird morals combination was pretty worthless . 
  it 's watchable in a braindead something on in the background kind of way but that 's about it . 
  bill burr is funny at times live , but the characters in this are n't particularly funny . 
  dishonest or underhand sales practices i 'd imagine . 
  except for height , weight , and distances :3, 
  only beer, 
  in other news if you put some meat between a burger bun then it 's a burger , does n't matter if it 's minced or not . 
  a mcchicken sandwich should be called a mcchicken burger , it 's not a fucking sandwich !, 
  yeah , the disability of obesity . 
  face it whatever else they have is probably the product of that obesity , it 's far to coincidental to suggest there 's no connection . 
  more like people who ca n't even walk around a supermarket get their shit delivered or have a carer shop for them . 
  sure there might be a few who are disabled and coincidentally happen to be grossly obese , but so few it 's not worth assuming that . 
  not being able to exercise is no excuse for being extremely overweight . 
  german ? 
  german is a germanic language with plenty of latinate words . 
  maybe not quite as many as english but still plenty there . 
  i.e assholes, 
  yeah english has a purist movement too , it 's called anglish but nobody pays it any mind . 
  the purist movement may have got more traction in the past than anglish ever has but it still barely scratched the surface of latinate words in german . 
  other western countries do n't have anything like this . 
  the concept of remaining pure is frowned upon and scoffed at as archaic and backwards . 
  sure there are some deeply religious folk who do so , but they tend to keep it to themselves , they do n't have organised promise gathering or whatever the fuck these are . 
  in the more religiously extreme and backwards parts of the world virginity is taken for granted with unmarried women , there 's no need to get the girls to affirm it because they know if they 're caught having sex outside of marriage then they 'll have to break with the family and be ostracised by their community . 
  america is unique in being a western country with such a high number of old fashioned christians that this can actually exist , it 's also unique in being a country where women are `` liberated '' yet old fashioned values prevail to the degree needed for this to exist . 
  i 'd add that criminal records are eu wide these days , meaning that if you over a punishment over a certain threshold it is treated the same as if you had received that sentence here . 
  this is further complicated by how each country records their punishments . 
  for example , in germany fines are often given in lieu of prison , however these fines are treated as suspended sentences that you pay for , so you might get 3 months months suspended at a cost of 15 % of your income per day . 
  however , any sentence under 3 months is not recorded in the usual manner and the information is not available to anyone except the german advanced check . 
  meaning that although you are supposed to disclose this to a uk employers , they effectively have no way to checking this . 
  what i think probably happened is that the kids took the sentence thinking only of staying out of prison ( foreign legal systems can be intimidating for no other reason than the fact they 're foreign ) , not realising that the suspended sentence they received would be something that would follow them home and affect their employment . 
  even though leaving the country nullifies the suspended sentence , in that if they commit a crime in the uk they wo n't be treated as if they have an existing suspended sentence in the uk , they still have to tell employers and technically also if they want to enter the us / canada / australia they 'll need to disclose it . 
  they may now be on the eu wide database which while rarely checked for ordinary things means it could come and bite them in the arse one day . 
  i suspect they 're pretty confident that the worst that could happen to them is that the sentence will be maintained and that they wo n't be suffering any additional punishment . 
  now they 're back home they 're looking at ways to get off the charge or get their sentence diminished to a level where it wo n't register in the uk . 
   they have to phone the probation officer once in a while, 
  i doubt they 'd have to do that . 
  if you permanently leave the country then probation is pretty ineffective punishment . 
  it 's the eu wide record that is going to fuck them up and probably what they 're hoping to fight . 
  still , if you leave the country they have no way of enforcing that probation . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than that . 
  probation usually involves either staying in the country or only leaving the country with permission , however when the guilty party is not a resident of the country where they are charged that 's pretty much screwed . 
  also the eu warrant only covers custodial sentences . 
  it 's completely ineffective . 
  probation officers are meant to check stuff like whether that person is behaving themselves , whether they are complying with the terms of the probation , whether that person is leaving the country without getting permission , whether that person is in legal employment and stuff like that . 
  in this case there is absolutely no mechanism to verify or check any of that . 
  as far as it 's been explained to me probation simply does n't apply to non-residents there is no eu wide mechanism to enforce probation . 
  i 'm pretty sure the kids would be exempt from it . 
  in the uk we can say both . 
  the government is in debt vs the government are a tory majority . 
  british people are known for typically saying `` i 've forgotten about it '' while americans will `` i forgot about it '' or `` i forget '' . 
  sure you 've that the right way round ? 
  it 's british english that tends to insist on the perfect tense more frequently . 
  for example , ame `` i just did it '' bre `` i 've just done it '' ame `` i finished it already '' bre `` i 've already finished it '', 
  the biggest difference is vocabulary . 
  simply different words are used for different things . 
  the next biggest difference is pronunciation . 
  despite how the internet behaves about it spelling differences are considered minor , because someone who has never seen the other form of the written language wo n't typically have any trouble reading despite not even being aware of the differences ( different pronunciation causes more trouble in english learners than spelling ever could ) . 
  grammar differences are really minor , the use of the perfect tense being closer to complete in british english . 
  american english insists more on noun-verb agreement , while british english is happy to combine collective nouns that take a singular form with plural verb forms . 
  depends on the context . 
  `` the texas burgersquad wins the league '' is n't that bad , but stuff like `` the team is sitting '' just makes it sound like there 's a gigantic singular team entity sitting on a giant stool . 
  english has latinate words if you want to sound fancy e.g amorous, 
  i get the feeling that it does . 
  that there 's a certain style associated with a `` good reddit argument '' that will win upvotes thus propagating the style further . 
  it needs to sound intelligent without being too complicated . 
  if an argument is badly written , ungrammatical , or too conversational then it will be less likely to get upvoted regardless of content . 
  if a post is too fancy sounding then it makes the poster sound conceited or stuck up . 
  i think some good examples is cp grey or tom scott , they demonstrate the level of language that clicks well with reddit . 
  complex ideas simplified and delivered in an easy to consume form with enough confidence to be believable but without all the complicated, 
  justification and nuance that that lies behind what they 're saying . 
  on reddit you ca n't be subtle and you ca n't add too many exceptions or qualifications .
