  i 'm perfectly aware that not all of america or americans are the same . 
  however in most countries these `` one-offs '' would n't even be possible . 
  the fact that even a handful of instances occur is shocking . 
  you 're the one who does n't understand bribery . 
  what would you say if the tobacco industry offered massive grants to schools to advertise marlboro in some sense or form within the school ? 
  would that be a bribe ? 
  ( assuming this were legal ) . 
  private money should not be impacting the running of government institutions whatsoever , and that 's it . 
  it does n't matter if they 're selling cigarettes , soda or heroin , it 's simply not done anywhere other than america , the country where coca-cola is considered a friendly all american virtue rather than an exploitative capitalist interest . 
  i did n't say all american students are drug tested . 
  the fact that even one student is drug tested is absolutely abhorrent and complete invasion of privacy . 
  how can you claim to be a nation that values freedom when even one kid is subject to drug testing or a mandatory pat down , it 's 1984 level stuff . 
  the idea of advertising in schools sickens me to my very core . 
  it 's bad enough that children are subjected to advertising outside of school . 
  the idea that it would be anyway facilitated by an educational body is abysmal . 
  it 's a shameless endorsement of capitalism by an institution that is meant to be above that . 
  had it happened in my school the teachers would 've walked out on strike . 
  i honestly ca n't believe how ok you are with this . 
  honestly , usually i 'm on this thread just for a laugh , but this one of those rare times that it actually sickens me to my core . 
  holy fucking shit , what kind of world is this in which people think it 's ok to give a five year old a gun . 
  this is beyond sas , it 's simply inhuman . 
  [ such freedom ] ( http://www.theatlantic.com/national/archive/2013/01/are-you-comfortable-with-3-year-prison-terms-for-saggy-pants/272517/ ) absolutely worth the deaths of innocent children . 
  ^ ^ ^ blood ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ blood ^ ^ ^ god . 
  ^ ^ ^ skulls ^ ^ ^ for ^ ^ ^ the ^ ^ ^ skull ^ ^ ^ throne !, 
  what would these massive problems be , frankly i do n't see it ... 
  i 'm sure whatever friends you make will be better than these abhorrent low lives , still a concerning thought . 
  i like to try to make americans see sense occasionally , especially when i 'm treated to hearing yet another story regarding some utter abysmal moral failure on behalf of the american government or people . 
  ultimately it ends up like this with idiots throwing strawmen at me trying to defend bizarre perverse beliefs that would be laughed at in any sane nation . 
  then i remember that many americans are deprived intellectual equipment to think rationally due to a lack of education and a culture of jingoistic brainwashing , i which point i give up and go about my day thanking god that i was born into a 1st world nation . 
  lol you 're a fucking idiot . 
  one of the ways to acquire a visa is to be rich and buy shares in a company , otherwise they have to go the sponsorship route which require having skills that are in demand . 
  i was n't suggesting that the cost of living europe is so high that only rich americans could afford , only a fucking idiot would interpret it such . 
  k , i 'll probably visit america too since i have family there . 
  americans are hardly high when it comes median income or holiday time though , so you 'll be enjoying a luxury that a large segment of americans could not afford . 
  north korea also the best country in the world . 
   the only reason someone would go around siblings . 
  out one country on countless threads is that they are jealous . 
  perhaps you should practise that language you borrowed from the british ? 
  you do n't seem to have quite mastered it yet . 
  the only satisfaction i have watching this guy 's videos is that given what an intolerable fuckwit he is , he has no doubt ingested a fair amount of salvia and public hair during his travels . 
  this is getting quite humorous . 
   our healthcare is much much much higher quality , and more advanced . 
  no it 's not . 
  you have a huge number of people without adequate coverage . 
  if you 're rich enough to afford the best healthcare in the us , you 're also rich enough to live elsewhere and fly to america for those million dollar experiment treatments . 
   our sports are much better . 
  your opinion . 
  american sports are not recognised globally ( you 'd think if they were so good they 'd spread ) and the biggest sports in the world are n't american . 
   our culture ( music , movies , food ) is more diverse and higher quality . 
  we have started every musical trend pretty much for a century . 
  yes even your loved techno started in detroit . 
  no , it 's trash , lowest common denominator stuff . 
  claiming to invent stuff they did n't seems to be an american hobby . 
   you guys love to ask for our help , when it helps you . 
  if there is a global problem that does n't concern you , you love to give is shit about helping . 
  bosnia , and kosovo ring a bell ? 
  you guys are so fucking amazing but we have to fly over an ocean to help out . 
  actually we opposed american intervention but whatever . 
   culture of humanitarianism and volunteering to help is higher in america . 
  america scores very lowly in foreign aid per gdp and capita . 
   our taxes are much lower ( i know you get things from the government in return ) i would rather choose what i do with my money , not the government . 
  that 's your prerogative . 
  i would rather pool my money with my countrymen because of economies of scale . 
  i get a lot more security with government funded stuff than i 'd have the few thousand i would 've saved with an american tax rate . 
   german innovation ? 
  hmm america dominates at that as well . 
  what a joke . 
  americas greatest invention was the assembly line , or perhaps the part of the internet that nobody gave a shit about . 
   germans are known all around the world for being grumpy . 
  ever hear that about america ? 
  haha of course not . 
  no americans are known for being fake . 
   american houses ? 
  you can build pretty much whatever you want . 
  not the bland shit that just repeats itself in germany . 
  this made me laugh , americans build house made of wood that last about 50 years . 
  so much for all th beautiful architecture going back centuries . 
   consumerism , i can go choose from 50 different sodas , 100 's of candy bars etc. . . ca n't do tht in germany , not even fucking close . 
  lol , literally the most american thing i 've ever heard . 
  100 candy bars that taste of sick and 50 sodas full of corn syrup that will take years off your life . 
   less censorship . 
  also drug testing in schools . 
   amount of germans in america ? 
  way higher than americans in germany . 
  there is a reason for that . 
  did you know i like guiness and get lucky sometimes , i must be irish . 
   stable democracy for 230 + years . 
  have you had a stable government for 20 years ? 
  nope . 
  stable ? 
  civil war anyone ? 
   why do german children copy american culture of your country is a first world country and ours is n't ? 
  your words not mine . 
  ( they are both 1st world countries ), 
  do they ? 
  own anything made by adidas ? 
   the amount of high level education is much higher in america . 
  we have free higher education , you really do n't . 
   america is much less cramped . 
  even thoug our population is increasing and yours is decreasing .
