  roughly 50 % of british imports are from the eu , so expect the 50 % of all imported goods to increase in cost , you 'll be forking over more pounds for anything eu made than you would 've been otherwise . 
  the downsides of this would most likely offset any gains from having higher wages due to reduced immigrant workforce , and there may not be any gains at all , since the people that are here are here to stay . 
  edit : i 'll also add that it 's not pure spin at all , the single market has already brought down the cost of imports and exports for business across the uk . 
  i do n't think you understand that the eu and corporate corruption are unrelated issues . 
  if you vote to leave just to disadvantage corporations then you 're just cutting off your nose to spite you face . 
  you are acting like someone who is economically illiterate . 
  corporations make up the huge amount of the uk 's wealth . 
  there is no point destroying this wealth instead of working towards more effective taxation on it to benefit the country . 
  absolutely , the general trend in corporatism and money moving up is n't an eu thing . 
  in fact , most countries in the eu do n't have as much of a top heavy economy as the uk does . 
  it absolutely will . 
  one thing that currency traders hate is instability , the pound already at the lowest point its been since the recession , and a leave vote would mean more uncertainty , i would expect the pound to be worth less than the euro in the period following a brexit . 
  let 's not get confused here . 
  many athletes eat a high carb diet because that 's what is best for many athletes . 
  athletes are generally training their body for maximum performance in some very specific thing , which means they train insanely hard every single day . 
  they burn fucking loads of calories everyday , and taking in a carb rich diet makes them able to push that even further . 
  their bodies only need to get the essential rda of fats , and they 'll avoid high fat meals and saturated fats because these are inefficient sources of energy and are thought to have a negative impact on some bodily functions . 
  over on / r/fitness and bodybuilding sites however people are all mostly doing the same thing , which is trying to get cut . 
  someone who is trying to get cut as efficiently as possible will use a bulk and cut cycle . 
  when you 're trying to build mass a high carb diet also makes sense because you want to maximise the resources your body has to build muscle after you 've torn it by working out at the gym . 
  however , when you 're trying to minimise body fat and not build muscle , then a low carb diet is essential , because you 're trying to make your body burn fat . 
  sometimes this means a diet rich in fat , because it 's hard to eat a low carb diet without feeling hungry ( especially if you 've just come out of a bulking phase eating over your rda of calories a day ) , and fatty food can help with that . 
  tl ; dr almost all athletes will eat high carb diets , whereas bodybuilders and people trying to look good naked will need to eat a low carb diet at some point for maximum effect . 
  edit : even if you do n't agree that it works this way , this is the system of nutrition most people put their faith in . 
  nobody is claiming athletes eat low carb diets . 
  low carb diets are for lowering body fat and that 's it , that 's why they 're popular on / r/fitness etc. 
  sweets wo n't destroy your body if you 're a professional athlete who is trying to gain mass . 
  sure , fruit would probably be a bit healthier , but it also would n't mean maximum performance . 
  why do you think athletes will use pure glucose tablets ? 
  that 's like the unhealthiest sweet in a existence , yet athletes use it to train . 
  i hear he 's a good but not really top class baseball player , and that a troupe of animated animals are going to convince him to come back for one last game that will determine the fate of the earth . 
  itt : wannabe doctors + wannabe nutritionists, 
  east midlands is just an empty space with shit infrastructure , you literally just run out of motorways past the m1 , and everything is a fucking hour of a roads and badly sign posted junctions . 
  this the real answer , although some idiots have misunderstood it to mean watford . 
  it 's still somewhat stupid if you ask me . 
  i really do n't think the people in gloucester feel any more kinship with the denizens of leeds than with peoples of essex . 
  they probably do feel more like they have more in common with wiltshire than either . 
  the north has been historically poorer in the last century or so . 
  during the industrial revolution it was a hub for industry , manufacturing , and raw materials . 
  most of the jobs were dirty jobs in factories , mills , and mines . 
  this meant that on average the populace were less educated because many people were working in these labour intensive types of work . 
  although there was wealth in the north , there was probably one rich factory worker for every few hundred working class folks . 
  a lot of the wealth produced during this time was also new wealth , coming from middle class people who 'd got rich through work and dealing with money rather than inheriting it from your uncle who happens to be the queen 's 2nd cousin and a baron . 
  this meant that the wealthy northern folk were often less refined , and less concerned about appearing elegant and more practically minded that the older class of wealthy aristos . 
  the south however has been the historical hub of political power for a long time . 
  everything being centred around london , a vast city 3 times the size of berlin , having the houses of parliament , and the primary residence of the royal family in its heart . 
  also the city of london has been one of the world 's banking capitals for hundreds of years . 
  because of its size and power london was where all the society types hung out most the time . 
  all the nobles who had castles and estates in the north of england would buy grand town houses in london and spend most their time there where the action was . 
  because london was such an important city it meant that there was historically lots of jobs that required literacy and education . 
  if you want to be part of this fancy world you 'll need to have enough wits to navigate and perform a function there , even if you 're just a shop clerk , you need to appear acceptable to the customer , who may well be of a much higher class than you . 
  an important thing to note too is that the south of england is closer to europe , so the people in the south were more keyed into the wider european culture . 
  news could travel from paris to london in a day . 
  this influenced the culture to some degree , which is why people perceive it as being more sophisticated . 
  new trends from the continent would be hailed in london as the latest european fashion and readily adopted . 
  meanwhile the north of england was very english through and through , and they developed a bit of an aversion to fancy things which conflicted with their english identity . 
  so the culture of the south is one that was more influenced by old money , wealth and power . 
  the people there were used to being in the proximity of a world capital where kings and queens and dukes and such wine and dined . 
  the people needed to at least appear refined to fit into that world . 
  in the north people just spoke plainly and there was a taboo against any pretence of grandeur or high ideals . 
  one thing that 's interesting is how these different needs affected the way people speak . 
  generally in the south if you speak with a strong regional accent that means you are automatically lower class , so a large number of people have an rp like way of speaking . 
  in the north however , if you spoke with an rp dialect people would call you posh , and even people with a lot of education and high social status retain their local dialects in some form or the other . 
  this is massively oversimplified of course , because there 's people in the south that are n't refined at all , like the traditional portrayal of a cockney . 
  there 's also places like the south west of england that a far more rural and have a very separate identity from both the north and the south east . 
  it also completely ignores the midlands , that has a mixed identity and a strong east / west divide ( people in the west tend to be a more like northerners and the people in the east tend to be a bit more like southerners , possibly owing the fact that the west midlands was more industrial and the east midlands were more rural and closer to london ), 
  there are a number of stereotypes that fit this general pattern, 
  northerners : strong accents , say what they think , distrustful of foreign customs , rooted in tradition , left wing politics due to many working class people , drink traditional english bitter , honest but can offend sensitive people , puts gravy on their chips , eats pies . 
  southerners : posh well spoken accents , polite to the point where you do n't know if they like you , keen to embrace foreign customs , followers of fashion , right wing politics due to wealthy people , drink wine , english ale , or foreign imported lager , able to deceive people by hiding their real opinion , probably points mayonnaise on their chips like a bloody dutchman , eats houmous . 
  all in all its a bit of a minefield . 
  people in the south west sound like pirates and are very much country bumpkins , however they get the nicest weather in the country so it 's not perceive as being gritty and poor like the north . 
  people in the midlands get the worst of each stereotype , being considered to be soft pansies in the north and dumb apes in the south , being both sleazy and dishonest like a southerner , but unrefined and uneducated like a northerner . 
  that 's why they made the jokes about the midlands , which lacks a real cultural identity of its own . 
  youtube anthem !, 
  28 years old , my fridge is just energy drinks , beer , and meat . 
  definitely tighter nations than the uk in europe . 
  never seen ketchup used as the sauce , i think that 's something people only do if they are lazy and make it at home . 
  tuna and sweetcorn are perfectly normal toppings that italians often eat , so i do n't know what your problem is there . 
  american pizza is just a disappointment all round , super oily and fatty , far too much low quality cheese , even at the places where it 's considered good . 
  i think americans just expect pizza to be a cardiac arrest in a box . 
  you expect that so when you do n't get it then you 're disappointed . 
  that 's nonsense . 
  meth is n't a problem in the uk and never has been , it 's one of the hardest drugs of obtain there . 
  the only place i 've heard it being used is in the gay community rave scene , because they tend to be a bit more sophisticated drug users and take cocktails of different drugs like ketamine , ghb/gbl , speed , coke , mdma , lsd , and on occasion , meth , which they nicknamed tina . 
  the typical uk junkie does n't have time for that , and the two main drugs of choice for the drug addicts are heroin and crack . 
  a big factor in the prevalence of meth is the availability of crack . 
  if crack is readily available then meth will be less likely to gain a foothold due to its bad reputation . 
  in rural countries people turn to meth because it can be produced in rural areas using materials readily available in the country , without the need for connections . 
  rural areas do not have a good flow of drugs and drug materials coming into them because the low population density means the market is smaller and less profitable . 
  obviously people in urban areas do use meth in the us , but i would warrant that it started out in the more rural states and spread out to the population hubs . 
  furthermore , many countries do have meth problems other than the us . 
  there is meth in australia , south africa , russia and much of asia . 
  in australia a gram of coke can cost between 200-300 dollars and an mdma pill can cost 30 dollars each , the added cost being due to the difficulty of importing it to the country, 
  ultimately western europe does n't have much meth because 1 ) it has a very profitable drugs market due to its high population density and can rely on import 2 ) high population density makes meth hard to produce because the fumes from production can be noticeable for hundred of metres in every direction , meaning its very hard to hide a meth lab . 
  op , you are clearly either american or very out of touch if you think that random junkies can get meth in the uk . 
  it 's not really a thing here . 
  they 're probably on heroin or crack . 
  op you 're clearly either american or very out of touch if you think these guys in the uk are on meth . 
  meth is barely a thing in the uk . 
  they 're probably on crack or heroin .
