  de - 8.99 au - 9.99 . 
  other items are priced by the shops that sell the item , there will be a price written on a label on the shelf . 
  the barcode is just a code , the retailer can assign any price value to the barcode , what is in reality a set of codes , on their computer system . 
  the head office is in charge of purchasing , they dictate what price the set of items should be sold for and input that price plus tax into the computer system . 
  when the shop assistant scans the item that price will appear . 
  labels are put on the shelves displaying the cost of the item in accordance to the price the head office has set including tax . 
  occasionally the price of the item is printed on the packaging , this packaging will take into account the sales tax of the area in which the item is to be sold . 
  this means that the packaging is specific to the country wherein the item is sold . 
  to me it seems obvious that the solution to the us 's system is to write the item cost without tax on the item ( when that is necessary ) , but have the shops print the price with tax on the shelves near the item . 
  each shop knows which tax area they are in and their computer can be configured to print labels with the correct price including tax quite easily . 
  in fact , in europe we have pricing guns , which are portable machines with which you can scan a barcode and it will retrieve the pricing data from the cloud ( alongside other legally mandated information , such as price per gram or millilitre ) and print a label displaying the tax inclusive price which you then stick on the shelf where the items are located . 
  it does n't seem beyond possibility that the us could have a similar system , in which each gun was adjusted to calculate the price + tax for the region wherein it was used . 
  to me is seems rather archaic that you have to calculate the price yourself . 
  i totally understand why the manufacturer can not produce packaging with the tax inclusive price for every region in which that item is sold , given the degree to which sales tax differs from county to county and state to state . 
  however , that is no reason for the retailer not to show the correct prices . 
  in europe the sales tax is usually uniform in each country , however the degree of tax can differ depending on the type of item ( some items are deemed necessities , such as eggs , milk , bread , whereas other items are deemed to be luxuries , such as chocolate , steaks , confectionery , and therefore carry a different rate of sales tax , cigarettes and alcohol have a completely different set of tax rates ) . 
  i fear that this price ambiguity is probably retained deliberately by the industry through lobbying because it promotes sales by displaying a price that is lower than it actually is . 
  there 's a relatively easy solution to the problem of having such a varied degree of sales tax in different parts of the us , but it 's obviously not been implemented due to the retailers having no motivation to . 
  clearly he was referring to the british in germany !, 
  coming over here with your warm beer and vinegar based snacks fucking everything up !, 
  imo it 's the other way round . 
  i think a lot of homeowners and pensioners are saying they 'll vote leave because the consensus around them is that the country is `` going to the dogs '' and that most the european nations are incompetent , and they want to show everyone around them how much they dislike the eu . 
  however , come the day they 're going to vote remain because it 'll probably be better for their house prices , mortgage rates , and pension funds . 
  the far right tend to stick together internationally , he was a supporter of a south african pro-apartheid organisation, 
  you always use a translator when you have a non-native language that is better than the language the court is being held in as a matter of course . 
  does n't matter if your basically fluent in the court language , if your native language is better then you want it translated . 
  courts have budgets for these translators , you 'd be a fool not to take one and disadvantage yourself . 
  this is a shame , and could have been avoided if you ask me . 
  the guy got a 4 year sentence for weed and poppy seeds . 
  he probably was n't a hardened criminal and was n't mentally prepared for prison , just an idiot who took liberties in a foreign country and got caught . 
  anyone who has faced trial could tell you that is can be an emotionally painful and terrifying time , even for minor offences , the fear of prison for those who 've never experienced it can actually make it seem worse than it actually is . 
  if taiwanese prison are like the typical developing asian nation 's then they 're usually quite harsh in terms of entertainment / comfort / food , but they 're not openly dangerous in terms of being murdered or sexually abused . 
  imo if he 'd actually stuck out a few months in prison he probably would have adapted and realised life is worth living . 
  actually trespassing is n't a crime in the uk , it 's a civil wrong . 
  oh let 's get a few things straight :, 
  someone is british when they 're from the uk , the uk is the union of the countries of england , scotland , wales , and northern ireland . 
  anyone from these countries is entitled to call themselves british . 
  so even if they were scottish they 'd still be british , scottish people are de facto british . 
  these people are n't scottish , they 're english , the accent you 're hearing is the liverpudlian accent , known as scouse , from the area surrounding the city of liverpool in england . 
  liverpool is known for being the birthplace of the beatles and the port from which a huge number of immigrants to the americans left from . 
  no worries . 
  in the past the route connecting new york and liverpool was one of the busiest if not the busiest transatlantic passenger crossing routes in the world . 
  if you 're from new york there 's a big chance many of your ancestors arrived in the new world via liverpool 's port . 
  as a major port city with a huge number of immigrants and foreign visitors , the natives of the city developed a very distinctive accent , with influences from the local way of speaking outside the city , irish dialects , and even german influence . 
  this is probably why you mistook it for a scottish accent . 
  legally no . 
  you could claim damages in theory . 
  in reality it 's probably not worth the cost of bringing the matter to court . 
  better idea would be show the video to the officer 's superiors and they might chew him out for entering the property without first checking whether it was occupied . 
  in my experience , if you leave your door unlocked then police wo n't hesitate to enter , because the ramifications for doing so are so small , they 'll just say they were checking to see if the house had been broken into . 
  it 's only when they force entry into your house without a warrant that they actually get into big trouble . 
  yeah , but if you 're in a touristy area i doubt the bar/restaurant owners will hesitate to interpret a generic `` water '' to mean mineral water when the expectation is that tourists are cash rich and less frugal . 
  i would say do n't worry about it , because ultimately you ca n't control things like this , you can only do your little part . 
  i was stressing out last week but now i 've sent in my postal vote it 's been a weight off my mind . 
  also a leave win is far from a foregone conclusion . 
  i would n't go off what people around you are saying because your sample is too small and demographically narrow to be representative . 
  if i went off what the people around my family in middle class white suburbia then i 'd think it was a lost cause as well . 
  i hear very vocal voices on the leave side talking about immigrants and faceless bureaucrats in brussels , but i do n't hear many people vehemently defending the value of the eu , but i have faith that most the people keeping stumm on the issue will vote remain . 
  all you do now is do your best to convince undecided that the eu is a good thing , and keep your fingers crossed come referendum time . 
  [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=b47vradxz8a ), 
  i can assure you that wigan town is anything but wonderful . 
  there 's literally dozens of us !, 
  i suggest a centuries long breeding program carried out in utter secrecy that will produce the perfect human able to access the ancestral memories of his forefathers . 
  his name shall be `` the shortening of the way '' , also known as the kwisatz haderach . 
  why is this subreddit so oriented around people who are going off to developing nations in asia , usually from the us . 
  i know this a popular choice because there 's demand and the salary is more impressive , especially when you account for the cost of living . 
  however , it 's perfectly possible to teach tefl in liberal european countries and make a passable living whilst you do it . 
  bloody beaker people , what 's wrong with cupping the water with your hands and licking it up like a cat ? 
  christ on a bike , what church does she belong to ? 
  sounds more like a cult . 
  absolutely would fall . 
  when you 're deciding which currency to keep your wealth in you want safety more than anything . 
  this season they essentially did . 
  sansa stark of the house stark . 
  the first of her name , the unbroken , the queen of the north , queen of the land of always winter , the wildlings and the children of the forest , lady of winterfell , feeder of hounds and mother of direwolves . 
  seriously , the best episode , or at least one of the best episodes yet . 
  shame this rest of this season so far has n't been all that imho . 
  edit : just to clarify my opinion a little . 
  i think the writers are slightly formulaic , in that they follow a pattern of giving us big events at the start and end of each season . 
  this could be considered a criticism in itself but it does n't bother me . 
  however , this season i think the writers decided the big event at the start of the season was going to be jon 's return to life . 
  while this was cool , it did n't really deliver in the way events at the start of other seasons did , at least not for me . 
  to me it felt drawn out and anti-climatic . 
  consequently i feel this season started weakly and got better throughout . 
  i just do n't feel like the events early in the season got the season going with the momentum other seasons had . 
  i also feel this season had a few dips in writing quality due to no longer having the book to drawn upon . 
  highlights of this season for me so far have been hodor and today 's episode . 
  i 'm hope for tower of joy reveal and some conflict with the faith next episode . 
  legally , if a car is sold on the british market it will have mph on it . 
  most have both . 
  the only cars you 'll without are imports . 
  the islands might decide to change due to the difficulties acquiring cheap left hand drive cars . 
  if your population is buying imported right hand drive cars because it 's easier due to who your neighbours are , then you have no choice but switch , as otherwise you 'll be increasing the risk of accidents with all those right hand drive cars driving on the left . 
  the cost of english tuition is going to skyrocket without all those british nationals around . 
  it does n't work that way dummy . 
  ca n't you just filter everything with `` spoiler '' in it ? 
  i just stay up and come into work bleary eyed and tell everyone i 've a cold . 
  ah , i thought about that and then decided nothing could be that confusing , i guess i was wrong !, 
  i think another big difference is the objectivity of examinations and testing . 
  i really excelled at taking exams because ultimately , it was a totally anonymous process where your results speak for themselves .
