  1 ) i think you 're being ignorant here . 
  a solid foundation in english grammar is an absolute necessity for a good english teacher . 
  the more you know the more effectively you can answer student questions and show them the keys to speaking correct english . 
  the attitude of ` it 's like that because it is ' is one i encounter far too often amongst teachers . 
  that aside , just because a teacher understands the material conceptually does n't mean their lessons need be a lecture on the grammar of the english language . 
  just because you 're explaining how some grammatical feature of the language works does not mean you are using grammatical vocabulary to explain it . 
  the grammatical vocabulary is mostly for your benefit , and perhaps some more advanced students . 
  i 'll add from experience that the grammatical component of the celta is not remotely difficult . 
  it mostly involves ensuring you know the name of all the english ` tenses ' , and a spattering of other basic grammar points like direct/indirect speech , conditionals , modal verbs , parts of speech , articles . 
  it does n't go into any detail whatsoever , and i 'm pretty sure half of my class would n't have been able to tell you the difference between a phrase and a clause at the end of the course . 
  doubt the teachers were 100 % clear on the difference between aspect and mood . 
  2 ) the qualification requirement and interest in the applicant is completely practical . 
  they are mostly to check that you are really a native speaker and are n't a 2nd language english speaker trying to bypass the necessary exam requirements with a terrible fake accent . 
  the other is to check that you 're of an educational standard needed to take the written component of the course . 
  they 're not remotely looking for people with a background in linguistics or who are talented at learning foreign languages ( i 'll point out that these are two completely separate abilities ) . 
  all you really need is evidence you finished education to 18 and to actually speak and write comprehensible english . 
  as long as you show a positive attitude in the skype interview it 's fine . 
  even if you are a professional linguist who happens to be fluent in five language it would barely win you any points ( and probably make them question whether you 'll be too much of a hassle to take on the course frankly ) . 
  your assertion that people who either have a background in linguistics or are naturally talented at learning languages make the worst teachers is also complete bullshit though . 
  the old adage ` the worst learners make the best teachers ' is exactly that ... an adage . 
  the ability to empathise with people and understand language learners is not limited only to those that struggle themselves . 
  in reality plenty of bad learners make terrible teachers and many good learners make great teachers . 
  3 ) the course is tough . 
  everyone finds it hard . 
  some people find it hard academically , although i 'd say a large number of people do n't , especially those with some tertiary education . 
  that said some people who do celta have n't sat an exam or read more than a paperback in 20 years . 
  some people find it tough socially , either due to anxiety being in front of a classroom ( many people come to celta with no teaching experience whatsoever and no idea how they 'll cope with a bunch of student eyes on them ) , or because of the close proximity to the tutors and other students for what is for some people a very long time ( i had n't spent so much time with a group of people since school ) . 
  finally some people find it hard simply because they have to get up and go somewhere from like 8.45-5 .30 every single working day , which if you 're out of practice with the 9-5 can be a shock to the system . 
  the american times has zero penetration in the u.k market , the point is that they stole the name . 
  ah yes , because when americans talk about the heritage they 're clearly not talking a bunch of utter shit . 
  funny how one great-grandma with an irish name makes you an irish-american but the other 7 boring relatives of that generation with what you perceive as `` american names '' ( aka british names ) does n't a british-american make . 
  british american is so much the default heritage in the us that you 've stopped even noticing and started identifying it as american american . 
  what 's this american place anyway ? 
  i did n't realise there were countries outside europe that were n't possessions of the crown . 
   become, 
  i 'm pretty sure we were world super power for centuries ... 
  do you mean english ? 
   the website is meant for americans . 
  no it 's not . 
  only a moron could believe this . 
  the website is * meant * to make money , they do n't give a fuck where you 're from . 
  also you did n't invent any of those things . 
  sorry if the reality triggers you . 
  we do , whereas you do n't even have a clue what it 's meant to mean . 
   as a brit, 
  not for long . 
  defence *, 
  nobody gives a fuck, 
  that 's simply not allowed . 
  hockey the game on grass came first , ice hockey did n't exist until later when someone adapted the game to ice . 
  thus field hockey have the rights to the name hockey for all eternity until the end of time . 
  if you did n't suck so hard at field hockey then you would n't have a problem with the logical naming convention . 
  am i only one who thinks they 're both really overrated ? 
  the original office was `` alright '' at best , had some intense cringe , some lovable characters , and an element to true to life that made it feel somewhat worthwhile . 
  the us office however was just a steaming hot turd of unfunny forced jokes and human caricatures following a formulaic us sitcom pattern . 
  it was a highly overrated halfway decent british programme that people could point at and say `` huh duh , our workplace has someone like that ! '' . 
  it succeeded purely because average people ( who are n't very funny or imaginative ) could relate to the characters and people , given they were mostly ordinary types with realistic , if exaggerated , neuroses . 
  the setting was mundane and depressing . 
  gervais 's character was the only one not bound by the pseudo realism of the setting was able to get some relatively cheap laughs and a high level of cringe by acting absurdly in what seemed like a semi-realistic office environment . 
  it was n't good comedy , but it had a wide appeal ( most people , young or old , male or female , could find something in it to relate to ) . 
  it also had an element of drama to it which meant that people who did n't even find it that funny still had something to watch . 
  it also had a touch of the tragic with the depressing realism of the setting and the hopelessness of many of the more believable characters . 
  all in all this meant the programme did n't have to rely on getting a laugh every few minutes to hold interest , its saving grace was that it did n't actually have to be a good comedy series to be of some worth . 
  the only reason is was so successful globally in the end was because the it was so formulaic it could easily be exported and adapted to different cultural settings . 
  in reality it should have been nothing more than a moderately successful uk only programme that was to have been forgotten about a few years down the line . 
  the american version does n't even manage to be mediocre like the british version , but is actually a pile of shit american sitcom . 
  the absurdist over the top character behaviour that gervais played in the british office is simply pushed onto all the characters . 
  each character is so much parody of a `` type everyone know 's at their office '' that it stops being relatable , this in turn kills the cringe because we no longer feel like this is happening in the real world . 
  the depressing setting and realism is replaced with a very standard looking us sitcom set . 
  at least sitcoms like `` it 's always sunny in philadelphia '' and `` arrest development '' are honest in their being nothing more than vehicles to put absurdist characters in absurd situations , the us office however just tried to force that model onto something completely different . 
  so there you have it , uk office is mediocre television , the us office is bad . 
  yes they were successful , but bad television can often be successful . 
  i 'm pretty sure big bang theory has won records with its universal appeal but it does n't mean it 's good . 
  i remember watching the original office when it was new and wondering what the fuck was up with people to claim this was a really funny series . 
  most of the people singing its praises seemed like the types that did n't really get comedy anyway . 
  there 's a high correlation between being incredibly unimaginative and thinking that the office is really funny in my opinion . 
  some people find it hard to laugh unless it 's wrapped up in something they can relate to , like the interpersonal relationships you might find in an office , otherwise such people just close their minds and dismiss comedy as childishness or foolishness . 
  i can assure you that all the dumbest most unoriginal people at my old workplaces still talk about how the office was the funniest thing ever , but if you showed them anything classic and genuinely funny like the monty python films they 'd just dismiss it as a load of nonsense that scares and bewilders them . 
   i do work myself in the girls office, 
  be careful . 
  working yourself in the girls ' office can be grounds for dismissal :p, 
  this is a really cool idea . 
  looking back at the game one thing that has really dated since release is the mob pathing and ai . 
  there 's so much more that could be done . 
  more randomly generated unique mobs with their own unique behaviour patterns being one of them . 
  in the real world any advantage you can get you should get . 
  a 2:1 will not `` get you into '' the top jobs or masters programmes ; it will simply make the eligible for them , and you will compete against dozens if not hundreds of others for a single position . 
  so yes , as anything that can distinguish you from all the other people vying for employment is worth getting . 
  and in the us they 've convinced the poorest workers that joining a union is against their interest , that the profit margins of the rich are more important than the health of the poorest citizens , and promoted a general attitude that the poor are losers and that 's there 's nothing wrong with expecting someone to work a 60 hour week both working and putting themselves through education just to leave the poverty trap they were born into . 
  they 've done all this so well that a segment of the population will actually aggressively protest and fight against any attempts to promote equality , actually convincing them that there is something morally wrong with trying to promote economic quality . 
  by comparison japan looks positively sane . 
  i have to disagree , it 's only easy if you 're boring and just start zoning offices to take all your demand and maintain a highly educated population . 
  trying to build a high density industrial city often breaks the game due to import/export being fucked to shit in that game . 
  it 's a good tort case , why would n't it ? 
  it 's exactly the kind of shit they force new budding law students to completely familiarise themselves with to ensure they 'll get a good grasp of legal rationale . 
  like carlill vs carbolic smoke ball and contract law ( in the uk at least ) , it 's going to be one of those cases that gets used to introduce people to legal principles for decades to come simply because it 's famous and set some degree of precedent . 
  this was actually the case up until the last few decades . 
  these days you 've got very little chance of getting a parasite from mett . 
  i think you 're thinking of fish . 
  pork is not an inherently dangerous meat to eat raw like chicken .
