  you were just begging to be contradicted were n't you , because your obviously the love the fucking attention . 
  irony is that if you actually engaged with people on here instead of perceiving it as `` arguing '' and acting too cool for school then you might actually learn something . 
  i would n't worry too much about that . 
  some people think free order is a massive advantage but it does n't make as much difference as people think imo . 
  also i 'm sure if you wanted to make a poetic body of literature for the language the word order would be more relaxed . 
  there really is no need for a strict word order in such a highly synthetic language , however , i think david just wants to establish a canonical syntax , which even languages with freer word orders tend to have . 
  non-consensual tackles are not ok guys !, 
  i hope this video brings this very very important issue into the public eye . 
  lol this might be / r/yurop but [ this is all i hear when i see all that yellow ] ( https://youtu.be/evzbcixjxto?t=58 ) . 
  i tested this and did n't fap for like 2 months , changed jack shit . 
  in fact by the end of it i was surprised how low my libido got by the end of it . 
  there was no improved energy levels , no increased ambitions , no improved sexual connection with women , fucking nothing . 
  you guys are a cult . 
  all teachers are both sometimes though , something to be aware of , it 's very hard to be a fantastic teacher every day . 
  sometimes the material you 're expected to teach is straight bullshit , and it 's a struggle to inspire people about material that you do n't even believe in . 
  sometimes the faculty demand that things be done a certain way , even when it makes no sense . 
  it 's sad when teachers just check out mentally and run through the motions doing what they are required to rather than what students need . 
  however , you also need to remember that teachers are humans too . 
  they get a miserable salary for doing a job that 's worth far more than society is willing to pay them . 
  all teachers have good days and bad days . 
  i 'm sure any new teacher could tell you about times material has just flopped , when the students failed to be engaged , and when they were caught in an awkward position of failing at their lesson goal . 
  uk has some of the best supermarkets in europe by far , you really should n't have trouble finding food that you like . 
  in europe the supermarkets are more split into discounters where they throw shit everywhere in crates , or smaller convenience style supermarkets that have better presentation but it 's more expensive . 
  even our aldi 's and lidl 's are nicer than in europe because the standards for presentation and service are simply higher here . 
  we have things like self-service checkouts and express lines ( usually 9 items or fewer ) , you can even sometimes get away with bringing your shopping to the cigarette and snack kiosk if you 've only got one or two things and do n't need to weight anything or are buying loose bread rolls or whatever . 
  the customer service culture is actually quite good compared to most of europe too . 
  if you ask a member of staff a question they actually see it as their job to help you , even if your english is imperfect , which more than can be said in most supermarkets on the continent in my experience . 
  retail workers tend to be polite and friendly and do n't see questions as wasting their time : the customers are the priority , not the shelf stacking their boss wants them to do or whatever . 
  britain really does do well in service industries . 
  restaurants tend to be alright too unless you get one of those waiters who are just totally checked out from their job . 
  do n't expect table service in bars and pubs , even if the pub serves food you need to establish whether food is ordered in the bar whether they have a separate restaurant section with table service . 
  good luck , very easy to live in the uk imo . 
  special brew = tramp juice where i am . 
  fun fact - go to a trendy bar in italy and you 'll get special brew or tennants on draught . 
  it 's seen as a fancy strong larger there and they love strong larger . 
  it was just historically a food eaten in ireland that was n't very popular in great britain , also eating large quantities of cabbage was suggestive of poverty . 
  i believe the cabbage + irish association is even older than the potato one , owing to the fact that potatoes were introduced later . 
  generally speaking the stereotype about ireland was that it was so poor as the soil so unsuitable for growing huge quantities of cereal crops , so they had to eat root vegetables . 
  imo it 's even simpler than that . 
  the reality is that our british work culture fucking sucks horribly . 
  every job i 've ever had in the uk they 've tried to give us the impression that we should count ourselves lucky to work there . 
  that we should be ready to go the extra mile at a drop of a hat to ensure that company goals get achieved . 
  the number of times i 've been asked to work extra hours `` for the greater good '' , as if i were the member of some socio-economic community whose interests are entirely all aligned . 
  to try and promote this mentality , that the company 's interests are my interests , it is fundamentally patronising as only a moron would think their low salary job gives them as much incentive to see the company succeed as someone on a six figure salary . 
  worst of all the way they promote this fake culture of pro-company support is with the lurking fear that if you do n't conform and give up as much time as your colleagues you 'll be the first one to go if there needs to be lay offs , which is just forcing consent at the barrel of a gun , encouraging people to cover their arses . 
  this attitude just aggravates the other problem with british work culture which is company politics . 
  when i was younger and lived in the uk i had a host of short jobs after leaving uni . 
  i can not tell how much i was able to get away with simply by buttering up the right people and getting in with the right crowd . 
  meanwhile i watched less socially cunning colleagues get ostracised and pushed out of workplaces not because they did n't work hard , often these types worked harder than anyone , but simply because they did n't charm the right people and perceived as the `` weakest link '' regardless of what they did right or wrong . 
  charming the right people you could get away with turning up a few minutes late , talking an extra 5 minutes for break , making mistakes in your job , and people would smile and forgive you because they like you . 
  people who did n't play ball were taken to account for every minor fuck up every single time . 
  fitting in was way more important than being efficient at your job . 
  now compare germany where workers clock in and out on the dot every day . 
  where their obligations are seen as defined by their work contracts , and there is no shame in saying `` i 'm going home now the work day is through , if there 's still work to be done then that 's the company 's problem , not mine '' . 
  `` going the extra mile '' simply is n't a concept there , you 're expected to be doing your best all the time when you 're getting paid , and your reward is that you can go home and forget about it until the following day . 
  it 's far more adult and acknowledges the nature of employer-employee relationships . 
  also when in comes to office popularity , it 's rare that anyone really pays any attention at all to your personality or whether they like you as an individual , most of the judgements your superiors make about you are based on your work output alone . 
  nobody cares if bob is an anti-social bastard who chooses to sit alone at lunch and insists on using surnames with all his colleagues as long as he is doing his job well . 
  british work culture is like a reality television show , the people who win the game tend to be wankers who 've played the social game correctly and manipulated themselves into a position of irreproachabilty . 
  german work culture is more like sports , off the pitch nobody gives a fuck if you 're a good person or a horrible person , as long as you put the goals into the back of the net when it 's match time your job is safe . 
  10 minutes ? 
  around here it feels like they leave on their for hours . 
  how can you not have an accent ? 
  americans think americans impersonating east coast accents sound like australians . 
  it 's not like anyone in the uk wants northern ireland . 
  we 're just stuck with them until they stop caring about that shit . 
  man , i do n't support brexit but this is some dumb shit . 
  poor delivery . 
  wordy explanation . 
  throw a formula up on the board and then expect us to believe your predictions . 
  a better economist would actually put forward some analysis and talk about multiple outcomes within a range , not just say it so matter of fact . 
  to be fair he is on the strip in las vegas . 
  try that shit in some bible bashing corner of the south and you 'll get a much less friendly reception . 
  what does that have to do with racism ? 
  making fun of fat people and racism are not remotely comparable . 
  you make a mockery out of racial issues by even suggesting there having a name like `` nofatpeopleallowed '' , which is clearly a joke and not remotely bigotry , is in any sense comparable to racism . 
  i thought using non-german speakers was a fantastic way to make it seem authentic to be honest . 
  if you notice all the pronunciations that guy gives are pronounced strangely , which fits the idea that americans are being forced to learn german quickly . 
  to be fair , it 's bound to be a bunch of music / enterainment industry types around , they tend to be pretty diverse . 
  this probably helped frankly . 
  if it were a goldman sachs event i doubt it would 've worked . 
  this map is so shit it 's almost like they were n't trying . 
  seriously , it looks like person who drew it had only looked a world map once or twice in their life . 
  to be fair i find british people smile a lot more than what i 've experienced on the mainland . 
  particularly central europe . 
  not smiling when in a shop , for example , seem bit pointlessly cold to me . 
  american smiles seem too forced and hardcore but in the uk a bit of a smirk or a grin at the start of a conversation seems to disarm the situation somewhat , like an acknowledgement that no one is taking this too seriously and you can relax . 
  i 've noticed in living in a different country that people do n't do this where i am now, 
  to me , the smile you give a store clerk or colleague is n't a `` making friends smiles '' , it 's a `` this is ridiculous but we 've got to get on with it and do n't worry , i 'm still a human being and you 're still a human being even if we 're being made to preform a function to get money '' smile . 
  nor is it constant , it 's a brief acknowledgement of the good faith you have towards someone before you get down to brass tacks . 
  but all mules are infertile :o, 
  it 's common in britain . 
  the small smirk when you initially greet one another . 
  failing to return it can come across as unnecessarily aggressive . 
  do you think the cdu are n't conservative in many respects ? 
  fiscal conservatism blaming poorer regions for lack of economic progress is common . 
  there is also strong social conservatism outside of cities . 
  the only real difference is that mainland europe has limits on the degree to which it can look back . 
  the private tertiary education sector is booming like the wild wild west in germany right now . 
  i do n't really get why she 's popular , but then again , i do n't really get the whole us daytime chat show format either .
