  if we adjust for purchasing power , california 's gdp per capita , given that california is in the us , stays the same , while australia 's drops down to 46k also . 
  conclusions : 1 . 
  the californian economy is bigger than that of australia 's 2 . 
  on the global market the mean average australian 's wealth is larger than that of the mean average californian 3 . 
  when accounting for the price of a basket of goods in each area the mean average australian can buy almost exactly the same quantity of goods as the mean average californian . 
  the guy is probably nice as pie when he 's eating dinner with his mother or seeing his friends on his days off . 
  working in a top restaurant is like joining the army , if you do n't want to be shouted at and have your balls broken on a daily basis go work in a steakhouse . 
  do n't get your knickers in a twist , i 'm just going off the most recent wikipedia data . 
  i would n't advise trying to calculate gdp per capita by dividing gdp by population either . 
   they were n't ? 
  ok , the bold text gave me that impression, 
   yeah , i realised that . 
  i just thought that given your detailed post , you 'd recognise that comparing information that 's from different years can ignore changes that have occurred between those years . 
  obviously i accept the point . 
   ok , i 'm genuinely confused now . 
  is n't that literally what gdp per capita is ? 
  yes and no , when they imf or whoever comes up with the figures i think they account for factors that can affect the data rather than just going well here 's our gdp and here 's the census data , gdp/census and tada . 
  trust me there are lots of books already written on this , a whole library of literature going back centuries , you 're going to have a hard time saying anything new unless you 're either a genius or get a phd in the theory of mind so you 're up to date on all the theories . 
  i 'd suggest you read strawson `` locke on personal identity : consciousness and concernment '' and the relevant excerpts from `` individuals '' as well . 
  strawson , when read selectively , is one of the best philosophers out there for giving you a grasp of the big questions in philosophy . 
  the problem is that i do n't see our archaic hypocrite self aggrandising moralising tory government ever agreeing to this . 
  they 've already shown how backwards they are with their attitudes to porn and other social issues that most of the uk literally could n't give less of a fuck about . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  high grade has been common in the uk for ages , since the 90s imported from amsterdam , and since the advent of low cost home hydroponics it 's become practically all that 's available . 
  except in the netherlands they saw a decrease in the number of regular users after it became legal ? 
  there is no evidence that legalisation would increase usage in the long term , only statistics that show it either stays the same or decreases . 
  do n't be a dick . 
  cannabis has medical potential and the harm from recreational use is very low , however treating it like some wonder drug cure all is retarded . 
  if any drug is a `` gateway drug '' it 's because it puts you in contact with an dealer who 'll sell you coke , pills , speed or whatever you want . 
  legal cannabis would be no more a gateway drug than alcohol already is , your argument is rubbish . 
  i mean why is a nation that say `` you wan na drink vodka ? 
  that 's cool . 
  no problem . '', 
  any better ? 
  and who is say that legal cannabis makes it a recommended activity . 
  smoking is looked down on because it 's unhealthy , however cannabis is not inherently unhealthy , only the smoke part , in fact it 's healthier than alcohol , so why do you hate it so much ? 
  where 's the logic ? 
  plenty of people already eat weed brownies or whatever . 
  barely any who do n't smoke regularly are going to smoking regularly because of cannabis , if anything they 'll smoke highly infrequently . 
  any negative health effects this would have will probably be countered by the number decrease in the people who suffer chronic lung diseases from a lifetime of smoking unregulated cannabis heavy in pesticides and contaminants . 
  legalisation of cannabis is not synonymous with advocating smoking , hell plenty of the funds raised can go into anti-smoking causes . 
  there are alternatives to smoking cannabis , and when consumed in these ways cannabis is one of the safest drugs out there , way safer than tobacco and alcohol . 
  i still do n't understand your position . 
  great sub , thank you for your service o7, 
  the entitlement coming off these old bitches is palpable . 
  on the whole the baby boomers tend to be quite law abiding , but the ones that are n't believe they 're entitled to do just about fucking anything . 
  i bet these old cunts did n't even see themselves as stealing , they probably think they deserve any shit left unattended on the beach because it 's `` their beach '' and taking for themselves in their minds is pretty much an act of charity . 
  fuck these horrible old cuntbags . 
  do n't listen to the anti-weed people . 
  it 'll make you feel like smoking just to spite them . 
  work out what your own reasons for quitting are , and do it for you and only you . 
  you wo n't quit until you 're clear on why you are doing it . 
  i did n't quit because someone told me it was bad , or even because someone told me it was bad for my health . 
  i quit because of a long slow realisation that it was negatively influencing my life . 
  i 'm still pro-cannabis , have had plenty of relapses and quick puffs at parties or bars while drinking and realise it 's not a bad drug . 
  quit for you , not because someone told you to , and do n't smoke to get revenge on the people who try to force you not to . 
  one glove was gangsta in the uk for a while . 
  doth vada ? 
  what ? 
  he clearly said darth vader . 
  it 's funny how americans do n't realise that com and calm are n't meant to sound the same , and it 's just a weird peculiarity of their accent makes - o in words like lot into what would be considered an a in virtually every other english dialect and european language . 
  yes you will , and you 'll appreciate them on a different level too . 
  i did find that when i smoked i enjoyed them aesthetically a lot , but once i quit i was able to engage more with the plot . 
  quitting made me more fussy about the quality of film , but i still enjoy films very much . 
  when i was stoned a bad film like jupiter ascending would 've probably have been fine , now i actually notice what trash it is and how stupid all the character interactions are . 
  i find myself actively thinking about the film a lot more while before i was just passively absorbing it for the most part , sometimes i was struck by subjective impressions or ideas from the film while stoned , but i was n't challenging or reassessing them , just absorbing . 
  i think it takes a while to realise that sober enjoyment is different from stoned enjoyment , but ultimately probably richer and more rewarding than smoking . 
  sober enjoyment has to be earned , it requires that the film/music actually be really good to activate those pathways , while weed can make any old crappy family guy rerun seem entertaining . 
  it 's like an on switch for part of your brain that usually needs to be deserved , which is a big factor in why weed can reduce your productivity imo . 
  in short , yes , you will enjoy films again , but you wo n't want to waste 2 hours sitting through something crap . 
  you threw our favourite shit into a harbour , so we threw yours into the gulf of mexico . 
  yes , a very bad thing , all discussions about tea are to be taken with the utmost severity , there is no such thing as joking when it comes to tea , all other nations ' tea traditions are objectively and factually wrong , not just wrong but actually immoral . 
  not everyone in the uk is a white european either , however , they are subject to mandatory tea education upon arrival and are immediately deported if they fail the exam , it 's only right and proper if britain is to maintain its civility . 
  you 're a wrong ` un . 
  headmaster *, 
  let 's not forget balmoral . 
  i do n't think you 're quite understanding the significance of tea to the british peoples , if anything we did n't go far enough !, 
  say the people who wasted perfectly good tea !, 
  you whipper-snappers think so short term , we 're playing the long game . 
  actually no , this would be if anything the father-bother merger , and more accurately the unrounding of short - o. caught-cot refers merely to the merging of the thought vowel and short - o. 
  many scots merge these vowels , but use the the thought vowel for both , which is nothing like what americans do . 
  most americans on the other hand scrap the short - o and the thought vowel , and use broad - a ( unrounded open back vowel ) for both , as well as using it for the few words in american english that take this vowel like pasta and taco . 
  this is essentially a combination of father-bother and caught-cot, 
  caught-cot varies across the us , but the father-bother merger is virtually ubiquitous outside of maybe a few east coast accents that maintain the thought vowel and use it for short - o. 
  an east coast accent could theoretically still have caught-cot ( like the scots both take the thought vowel ) , but not have father-bother , they 're separate phenomena , although i 'm not sure if any accents like this exist ( maybe pittsburgh and traditional boston ? ) . 
  i 'm no aware of any american accents that do n't have either . 
  some modern boston speakers in fact manages to merge com - calm - cawm - carm while still remaining non-rhotic , which is an achievement frankly . 
  so everyone ? 
  i ca n't stand your voice . 
  only amongst your wanky hipster mates who learnt of it through listening to hip hop `` ironically '' . 
  i 'm glad i do n't live in a country with stop signs ( or almost no stop signs i should say ), 
  i am chill my friend . 
  i just think calling stuff `` molly '' in the uk is like going around asking for `` pot '' , it 's a pure sign of some sheltered suburbanite from surrey trying to get drugs to be cool . 
  these guys are some dumb blatant fuckwits . 
  is it really that hard to get dropped off somewhere , get out , walk around the corner to get your shit and come back . 
  taxi drivers generally do n't give two fucks about this shit unless you make it their problem by making it so fucking obvious like this . 
  yet something like 1/4 of the people in the world live in the yellow bit . 
  since the old zealand is a dutch island , i 'd go with the one near australia . 
  diana burnwood *, 
  great actor but ruined by the typical sarky cynical juvenile arsewipes he 's talking to .
