  all i 'm saying really is that the people who stay with person trainers for a long time are rare compared to the ones that just use them for a bit and then switch to self-training , it 's necessarily because they 're fat and lazy . 
  lol , kudos for the try hard comments but you 're just digging yourself a hole . 
  i just think it 's funny that some guy who posts on reddit thinks he 's in the position to critique a woman 's choice to dance in a certain way . 
  you 're just a butthurt conservative nerd who thinks women should be your perfect pure waifu virgin . 
  guess what she probably does n't care what you think of her , and why on earth you 'd discourage it when she makes pretty hot videos for youtube i 'll never understand . 
  anyway enjoy your downvotes . 
  actually most of those artificial legal smoking highs are synthetic cannabinoids , designer drugs based on thc but tweaked to circumvent drugs laws . 
  molecularly they do bear a resemblance to weed . 
  problem is that changing a substance even with a minor tweak of its structure can have massive impact on its interaction with the brain . 
  thanks for the list of your beliefs , needless to say i could n't give a fuck . 
  sound like you have some jealousy issues . 
  just because a girl dances provocatively is n't reason to label her a slut . 
  maybe you just have the sensibilities of an arab because you 're an insecure little bitch who thinks a real man is going to steal your woman if he finds her attractive , or maybe it 's because your parents did n't show you enough affection . 
  anyway i really do n't care , nobody is asking you to date a girl who makes videos of her doing sexy dancing so this really is n't an issue . 
  lol i 'm only replying because it 's funny seeing trying to justify hating on her for dancing . 
  i would n't care if my daughter did this when she was an adult . 
  i 'd rather she was a youtube star than an actual stripper . 
  you obviously are insecure because you 're demonising women for expressing their sexuality as if that cheapens them somehow , some archaic notion about wanting a pure woman i imagine . 
  sexy dancing really is n't a big deal in this day and age , what 's the difference between this and fucking shakira or beyonce or smthg . 
  the amount of money involved and that 's pretty much it . 
  stop being acting like a neckbeard manchild and get with the times , i 'd have far less respect for a girl that did n't respect herself and slept around with moron or did n't practice safe sex , stuff that actually matters , i could n't give a shit if a girl got thousands of views on youtube from shaking her ass , it 's such a non-issue and you 're just a relic of the past for thinking that it is . 
  lol you 're an absolute dickwad it 's funny . 
  i , for one , consider this dancing and no i would n't care if my daughter was a dancer . 
  stripping is a totally different kettle of fish . 
  or just compare their cultures to actual peoples of the world . 
  wildings are scandinavians, 
  starks are scottish, 
  tullys are irish, 
  lannisters are english, 
  highgarden is france, 
  stormlands are germans, 
  king 's landing is rome, 
  dorne is spain, 
  near essos is the middle east, 
  far essos is east asia, 
  sothoryos is africa, 
  grr martin was n't particularly original ... 
  hi i 'm a celebrity talking to you over skype , just wanted to tell you about a competition where you get to go to the premier , no you have n't won it , nor do you have any more chance to win than any other random person , but hey i just thought i 'd tell you . 
  some people are racist and will shit all over anything . 
  in the 30s they though jazz dancing was pornographic , in the 50s they thought the jitterbug was , in the 60s belly dancing clubs were considered sleazy . 
  do you see the pattern here ? 
  twerking is just one aspect of hip hop dancing , from what i 've seen this girl is a pretty good dancer . 
  what i ca n't understand is why you think you have the right to infer she 's a slut just from her doing this dance . 
  she could be a virgin for all you know . 
  it 's stupid to judge people on such superficial activities . 
  a slut is a slut , dancing does n't make you a slut , sleeping around with random guys who do n't respect you makes you a slut if you ask me , and nothing else . 
  sounds like a time to get amazing at world of warcraft to me . 
  well if you had a bit of tact and style you 're keep your opinions to yourself . 
  no one cares if you do n't respect girls who shake their ass . 
  you sound like a pompous idiot announcing your opinions to the world , we really do n't give a shit what inspires respect in you . 
  you ca n't tell the future either so you ca n't see what 's going to last . 
  also it seems you ca n't grew a beard , so maybe you are twelve . 
   haha europe has better pizza too . 
  what a legend . 
  / r/kpopfap thank me later, 
  i 'm saying it 's an art lol . 
  nor am i a teenager . 
  ultimately my problem is you , some random guy on the internet , who let 's face is probably nothing special , talking about how all twerking does is make you want to bang her and leave her . 
  as if you had a chance in the first place . 
  just seems childish of you to make a judgement about her from her dancing , like i said she might be virgin for all you know . 
  not that that matters , seems like you hate women to be honest , some deep down hatred of women who are sexually provocative , that what usually motivates these kinds of irrational judgements . 
  lol do n't talk about proof , it 's so neckbeardy , this is n't science or maths . 
  seriously read your first comment you sound like a pompous fat cunt . 
  living in america, 
  - i hate how americans mention america constantly and do n't know about other countries . 
  every day they swear allegiance to the flag just in case they forget where they live . 
  - i hate how they think their spelling is correct when they are n't the originators of the language . 
  they boast about it being closer to latin when it has n't been spoken in almost 2000 years and england has far more ties with france via the norman conquest . 
  - their infrastructure is shit , there 's no public transport whatsoever , everyone drives , taking the bus is tantamount to failing at life . 
  - they have authoritarian laws . 
  you have to make a complete stop at a stop sign even at 3am when it 's totally clear , jaywalking is a thing , housing associations can fine you for not mowing the lawn , police treat you like a potential murderer at all time etc. 
  - the country is obsessed with work . 
  the government wo n't mandate holiday time , probably because they 're scared that if americans travel the world they 'll see how crap their own country is and want to leave . 
  - in education millions of dollars are put into sport when it 's complete useless to 99.9 % of people as soon as they leave education and does n't help them find work or improve their minds . 
  kids who are good at sport basically get a free pass at university and take special classes that guarantee them a passing grade just for spelling their name correctly . 
  - there 's a whole generation of kids here growing up without boxing day , bonfire night , christmas crackers , traditional pubs , free museums and art galleries , or knowing what beer tastes like before they are 21 . 
  - i 've never met such an unfunny bunch , they do n't get sarcasm , irony , or black humour . 
  if you try to take the piss out of them they get all offended and butthurt . 
  most of them have inherited their parents nationalism and their delusional unending optimism is ridiculous , they all believe they 're going to be millionaires one day even the ones who are failing all their classes . 
  the parents are all too busy working 2 jobs to notice their kids are spoilt entitled brats who sit on the xbox getting fat instead of going out and interacting with each other . 
  - i hate having to pay through the nose to see a doctor just to get some antibiotics while the hospitals waste money on real leather sofas in the waiting room and mac computers for the receptionists , my doctor drives to work in a ferrari . 
  - you ca n't buy co-codamol in the chemist ( which they call a pharmacy or drugstore for some reason ) anywhere whatsoever , only with a prescription , all because some idiot figured out how to extract the codeine to get high . 
  - there 's nothing to do , there 's fewer theatres , fewer places of cultural and historical interest , fewer concerts ( outside of big cities ) . 
  - i ca n't drive because they drive on the french side of the road and manual cars are rarer than purple horses because the people are too fat and stupid to figure out a gear stick . 
  i hate this stupid country and that i have to live in this shithole ... 
  edit : [ whey !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gsq8zbdsxnu ), 
  i 'd expect rational discourse from someone called u / niggersinamerica, 
  you missed the part where someone accuses you of finding a way to feel superior to both parties . 
  have patience you yankee cunt, 
  this was not a good survey . 
  for example it says : how often do you drink tea : weekly , how many times a day do you drink tea ? 
  what . 
  also tea to me means actual english style tea . 
  chai tea is n't really tea . 
  coffee flavour tea ? 
  wtf . 
  also eggplant is called aubergine in the uk . 
  also imo british people are fiercely nationalist about their sausages , while many countries have embraced german style sausages they are n't very common in the uk . 
  frankfurters are available , but that 's more because they 're `` hot dog sausages '' and cheap .
