  realistically he 'd just be arrested . 
  i 'm sure the queen 's guard would be happy to detain you until the police arrived . 
  these are real soliders , you moron . 
  in fact are elite soldiers , the most highly qualified you can be in the british army without joining a special service like the sas . 
  if there was a real threat they would most likely just change uniforms to combat gear and take that gun they 're holding with them , you realise that gun is a machine gun right ? 
  you 're an ignorant tard . 
  the royal family pays triple into the government on the basis of land due than the tax payer pays them , not to mention the tourism they generate . 
  if the royal family were removed as head of state those land dues would not pass to the government since many of them are in different parts of the commonwealth . 
  you 're also a retard if you think the royal family are n't the target of terrorist threats , hell during the troubles in ireland they were massively at risk . 
  yes , clearly this one person 's actions entails all young people are retarded . 
  now watch [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mtcvjaheun8&amp;app=desktop ) ... [ or this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wg6s63dyad0 ) ... or [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dgxlphhmj2u ) . 
  seems like all old people are retarded . 
  except you 're getting downvoted so no , that 's not what people believe . 
  mj was ok , however it 's just you and other fanboys who think he was such a legend as to be called the greatest performer of all time . 
  personally , i think he was nothing special , and that queen craps all over him , but i can understand he was popular enough for be classed as great , along with another 100 performers perhaps . 
  great come back bro . 
  still does n't explain why you think we should give up the queen because some little nobody like you claims that monarchy is `` outdated '' . 
  the concept of monarchy is old , just like the concepts republicanism and democracy are old , does n't make it outdated . 
  thinking about it , if we look at the statistics regarding marriage there does tend to be trends , point when lots of people decide to get married , for example after ww2 ended there were many marriages all of a sudden . 
  i wonder if looking back in 50 years this will be a huge peak year for gay marriages which will trail off until another big event causes a spike . 
  except it 's not remotely culturally homogeneous . 
  what is with americans thinking they have the patent on cultural diversity ? 
  or with thinking european are just a homogeneous place where everyone is white and part of the same culture ? 
  the fact this got upvoted is proof enough of that . 
  it 's fucking retarded . 
  i 'm sorry but what a crock of fucking shit . 
  there are sections of europe with massive immigrant populations and people of non-europe ethnicity just as there are places like that in the us . 
  go to parts of the uk and see more indian / pakistanis than anywhere in the us , go to london and see vast numbers of people of west indian descent . 
  go to amsterdam and you 'll see plenty of people from turkey , morocco and vietnam . 
  [ oh and americans throw bananas too ] ( http://www.sportsgrid.com/mlb/orioles-adam-jones-says-a-fan-threw-a-banana-at-him-at-att-park/ ), 
  itt : americans who 've never been to europe , or went there only holiday once or twice , telling us what europe is like . 
  have you only played mystery lake ? 
  [ spoiler ] ( #s `` you get to the coastal road from mystery lake via ravine , you get from mystery lake to pleasant valley via the other side of the dam , and you get from pleasant valley to coastal road via the abandoned mine . 
  there are videos showing how to do this online , just make sure to choose an up to date one . '' ), 
  hmm i do n't really feel like i 'm ready for stalker . 
  the silly thing being that in once sense i could claim to have mastered voyageur insofar as i can survive 50 days + . 
  only the other hand i know this to be untrue , if i play different maps i tend to get ripped apart within a week , my skills only apply to an artificial and conservative play style that i 've been pushed towards by the urge to survive . 
  in many ways this is very realistic , i 'm pretty sure that if i were stranded in the the wilderness in the middle of winter and found a nice farmhouse i could survive in then i would n't be leaving until it was nearly summer !, 
  however it 's not actually the most exciting thing to do . 
  i also reckon that playing on stalker would only make my playstyle even more conservative , since travelling would be even more dangerous . 
  one thing i think would be really cool is if there were customisable game modes so you could play with the loot scarcity of stalker , the weather effects of voyageur and the animal aggression of pilgrim if you so wanted . 
  ultimately what i 'm wanting i do n't think so much is `` end game '' per se , but perhaps something more along the line of mid game . 
  not something to ultimately work towards but more reasons to take risks during play that are actually either necessary or will pay off enough to make them worthwhile , or both , other than just challenging yourself to take risks for the sheer hell of it . 
  for example tonight i 'm planning an overnight trip to the abandoned mine so i can give the place a full exploration and looting , sure it would be nice to find a hatchet , a few more bullets on top of the 12 i 've got , a bigger supply of scrap metal , definitely need more flares , but i know deep down that i do n't really need these to survive . 
  i can just kill a deer every few days and my only other job is harvesting wood for cooking and water and checking my snares . 
  what 's wrong with / r/ooer ? 
  thank mr skeltal, 
  and how is that remotely relevant ? 
  many black people live in the us because of slavery , again what 's your point ? 
  [ kill me , kill me now ] ( http://imgur.com/egye9hk ) ( finally a polandball thread i can contribute to ), 
  and yet there are millions of immigrants who came to europe for exactly the same reasons . 
  hell almost all of the indian / pakistani community in the uk came to the uk long after they had stopped being colonies . 
  colonialism might 've been one of the reasons why the door was opened to them , almost by way of apology and a desire to strengthen ties with their new nation , but it 's hardly like they were imported against their will . 
  in fact the country with greater number of ethnic non-europeans who were moved there against their will is surely the us . 
  your argument is complete tosh . 
  so many americans seem to have this delusional narrative about the us being the world 's great melting pot and european nations being these exclusive cultures open only to people who ethnically belong there . 
  it 's complete crap . 
  both spain and switzerland are both more ethnically and culturally diverse than the usa , many other european nations are around the us 's level , you seem to forget that much of europe is a lot fucking closer to other cultures geographically than the us . 
  america is 75 % white ... so multicultural . 
  furthermore `` dutch '' does n't mean anything ethnically , if someone from france moves to the netherlands his family will be culturally dutch within a generation or two . 
  just as it does n't matter if an american came from ireland , the uk , germany , france or anywhere in europe , within a generation or two his family will be culturally `` american '' regardless how much he sells up `` muh heritage '' and claims to love guinness . 
  ( that one you posted actually had me crying ), 
  if i could do that i would n't be posting shitty memeballs, 
  yeah the beatles , most successful artists ever , totally rubbish / s. 
  you seem to think your personal taste is fact . 
  i do n't rate mj , but i can at least acknowledge he was a great artist/entertainer ? 
  best though , not a chance . 
  unlike that this would work . 
  just too many stars in one place . 
  mcavoy would do a good ned imo . 
  tom hardy yes , kaya scodelario double yes . 
  the others are either too famous or meh . 
  sorry to burst the bubble . 
  implying other countries do n't have 1000 's of small breweries . 
  also most american craft brews are just 900 % hops . 
  do you know what `` craft beers '' are called in europe ? 
  they 're called beers . 
  the whole `` craft beer '' concept is a marketing drive to create a market for small scale breweries , something that had almost died in the us until the couple of decades . 
  there are thousands of these small breweries in europe , whether you 're talking british ales bitter , irish stouts and red ales , north gernan pilsener or south german weissbier , dunkelbier and helles , as well as all the other countries with their respective beer styles . 
  oh and it 's not like you can only get each in their respective area , everyone drinks beer from around the world and has it available . 
  america imports more european beer than europe does american , yes , and that 's because a lot of american beer is swill , although more popular stuff like sierra nevada and blue moon is imported . 
  the fact that that guy can go on about american and then say pabst is best just demonstrates how little these americans who go on about craft beer actually know . 
  in reality , the very concept of quality beer is a new one in the us , while in europe it 's an ancient tradition . 
  what you 're saying is a bit like californian trying to teach the french about wine . 
  yes in the last century california has succeeded in producing some decent vintages , but it hardly compares to the culture home of wine . 
  actually latinos are 13 % . 
  also latinos are white . 
  it 's only america that is obsessed with subdivided white people even further so they can boast about their scandinavian whiter than whiter heritage . 
  furthermore the far right parties are incredible minority , and the us has the kkk and neo-nazis to contend with . 
  what about all the hispanic people who live in the netherlands ? 
  you do realise the the netherlands was once part of spain , really should we go counting them as non-dutch . 
  i said what was popular not what was good . 
  personally i do n't like any american beer . 
  you 've totally misinterpreted what i said . 
  we do n't import your beers because they 're not very good . 
  i bet you 're never heard of tegernsee or augustiner brau either . 
  the whole of north america is only a few hundred years old , the europe brewing tradition is thousands of years old . 
  murica does not have many more . 
  you simply , it just started to have a beer culture , that means less . 
  that 's just bollocks .
