  yes , definitely , and that 's good . 
  actually that 's not remotely guaranteed . 
  yes , when the pound is down suddenly the price of british exports looks good . 
  however , that is short lived , as the price of the materials needed to make those things is suddenly a lot higher , since britain is further up the production chain and has few raw materials . 
  also if tariffs start coming into play , this will no doubt annul any competitive advantage , and the increased cost of british goods abroad will mitigate any reduced operating costs within the uk . 
   will expensive imports and a renewed local manufacturing industry make people more reliant on locally produced goods , food etc ? 
  yes , and that will both reduce our trade deficit and generally be better for the environment . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  the uk is n't physically capable of producing enough food to feed even a segment of its population . 
  also the agricultural industry is going to be in chaos for the next few years if agricultural subsidies are removed . 
  ultimately it might benefit a few farmers slightly , and increase the amount of british food consumed in the uk a tiny bit , but the money lost to tariffs when we import food will be taking vastly more money away from the uk every year than the few farmers who do well off the back of brexit could ever hope to generate . 
  for every rich farmer they 'll be literally thousands of worse off people paying more for food . 
  i 'll also add that trade deficits do n't work like that . 
  typically , economies slowly introduce more inflationary monetary policy to encourage export , and work down their trade deficits down gradually . 
  hoping that brexit will reduce the trade deficit and push us towards coming a net exporter is like throwing a child in the sea and hoping it will turn him into an olympic swimmer . 
  even your environment claim makes little sense . 
  agriculture is not good for the environment , deregulating our agricultural policy and allowing farmers to squeeze every scrap of food out their land as possible will be actively harmful to the environment . 
  not to mention , the uk has just started fracking , something that premier may is very fond of , thinking brexit will help the environment is stark raving . 
   the good side of increased tourism . 
  as i said , this is just a drop in a lake . 
  a few billion in tourism wo n't compensate for the many more billions wiped off the budget by brexit . 
  it 's like losing a 50 pound note and finding a quid . 
   the beneficial side of being able to increase quotas for high skilled international immigrants while potentially reducing overall immigration . 
  whether you even see this as `` beneficial '' in the slightest depends on your personal opinion . 
  we were always able to raise quotas for high skill immigrants , the eu never stopped us from doing so . 
  it was merely that the anti-immigration brigade would 've gone crazy if they had because they hate the sound of high numbers . 
  we are losing source of mixed skill level but economically contributory immigrants , discriminating against them based on what we perceive to be their economic worth and moral calibre , and that is abhorrent in my opinion when we 've inflicted this on them while they were making the country richer . 
  i 'm sorry , but question of whether brexit was a horrible disastrous outcome for the uk was never actually a question , that 's why virtually every politician in the uk was against it . 
  there never was a legitimate argument for brexit , if there had been then it would have been natural for there to be real conflict in parliament over which side to back , not just ukip ( a joke party that was funded by a few rich guys with an agenda ) and just a few jokers like boris who switched their position when it suited them , and all you seem to be doing is legitimising brexit by acting as if it was ever a serious course of action for the uk to pursue . 
  the sorry thing about referendums is that you have to legitimise the wrong answer to make it look more than a farce ( which is all it was ) , and this has backfired in spectacular fashion , and convinced people to stop believing what everyone has known for years , which is that a british exit from the eu would be horrendously disastrous for the uk . 
   i am studying a master 's of economics at oxford . 
   you obviously are extremely butt hurt . 
  yeh ... no, 
   this is n't the first time that the british ( okay , the english ) have been the only country in europe to recognise the approaching danger and acted in a self-sacrificing manner to save the continent . 
  utterly delusional , not to mention incredibly nationalist and stuck in the past . 
  you 're literally comparing brexit to ww2 , that 's hilarious . 
   the eu is fucked . 
  we 're best out of it . 
  thanks for your opinion , but there are hundred of million of europeans committed to making it work , and the so called `` danger '' you perceive is only in the minds of people that were raised on too many old ww2 propaganda films and british exceptionalism . 
   you completely missed the point about our massive service sector which completely dwarfs everything else . 
  there are little to no raw material involved there , so a weaker currency simply makes the ethereal product more competitive . 
  and you 're missing that that service sector massively depends on our legal right to sell those services in the eu , not simply to sell them in fact , but them to be treated as equivalent to national products from a regulatory standpoint in foreign markets . 
  not to mention to the fact that these services will also be subject to tariffs if they are even permitted to be sold , pretty much negating any competitive advantage a weaker pound has brought . 
  furthermore , what you also seem to be missing is that the uk could have achieve the same effect if we 'd all just agreed to take a pay cut across the nation , the effect would be virtually the same . 
  if you 're a big self sufficient country with a trade surplus then you currency devaluing does n't necessary directly correlate with quality of life , as although purchasing power for external goods is reduced , for internal goods it stays the same , pushing money towards those internal industries , and resulting in the compensatory effect of good produced internally becoming cheaper . 
  the uk is not in this position , for every 1 % the pound devalues the cost of living is going to up almost 1 % itself . 
  the uk would have been better off just agreeing to take a 10 % wage cut across the board , the effects are the same ; british industry gains a competitive pricing advantage and it 's paid for by everyone because they ca n't buy as much stuff anymore . 
   i know banks are making noises about relocating out of london . 
  or at least newspapers are making noises about banks making noises about moving out of london . 
  but that remains to be seen . 
  london is attractive to financial service companies because london is the financial capital of this part of the world . 
  unless there is a truly coordinated mass exodus it 's likely to continue to appeal to financial service companies for decades to come , especially if the eu introduce the financial transaction tax and an independent uk does not . 
  nobody is saying london will fall off the map , but it 's a simple fact that resources will have to be moved offshore for legal reasons out of plain and simple legal necessity , jobs that would 've otherwise been in london . 
  london surviving is not the same as meaning things will be fine . 
   was there no conflict in parliament ? 
  i seem to remember about 68 % of mps supported remain . 
  i had no idea ukip and boris had acquire 32 % of our parliamentary seats !, 
  that 's nonsense , maybe you 're thinking of the percentages for tory mps , of which the brexit support hard right side of the party mainly consisted of backbenchers and other pretenders trying to climb the political ladder by any means possible . 
  pure nonsense . 
  you call the eu non-democratic , but the eu is actually suffering from a democratic surplus . 
  you elect you government , your government defines the eu , every nation has a veto . 
  there is no problem whatsoever . 
  if those in charge of the eu were elected by the whole eu and they were n't subject to the member states then the eu would be vastly more powerful as an organisation and not remotely as limited . 
  and it 's not like the eu created the war in ukraine because of their expansionist policies ? 
  no they did n't . 
  funny how brexiteers mouth off about sovereignty , and yet here you are not respecting the sovereignty of ukraine , implying it 's not a sovereign nation free to join the eu if it pleases rather than a russian puppet . 
   and it would be nonsense to suggest that the entire project is run by a franco-german axis ? 
  not at all . 
  france and germany simply tend to have similar policies because they have more comparable economies . 
  the eu relies on consensus and compromise , there is no franco-german `` axis '' ... ( btw nice choice of word there , says a lot about your thinking ) . 
   i 'm not suggesting we are on the brink of ww2 - that 's your overwrought interpretation of my original post . 
  i did n't suggest you suggested that . 
  i was suggesting that your mind is too warped by the cultural legacy of ww2 that survives as a strange strain of british nationalism and continental xenophobia to ever look at the eu reasonably . 
   i am stating that the eu is a fundamentally undemocratic institution with imperial tendencies . 
  and i am stating that the eu is highly democratic institution made up of the democratically elected governments of a set of sovereign member states on a govern by consent basis . 
  i 'm also stating that it 's a major force against imperialism in the modern world . 
  seriously , all these brexiteers whining about the eu being undemocratic , and then in the same sentence warning against federalism . 
  pan-european elections for eu officials would be the biggest step towards federalism that the eu could take . 
  in germany people are very sympathetic and concerned . 
  other nationalities just seem to make a lot of jokes and ask if you 've got a visa . 
  for the most i think people are bewildered by the actions of the british public here . 
  there do n't really understand what britain 's complaint are since it 's faring pretty well compared to most member states , and has tonnes of bonuses like the rebate , no schengen , and most of all had the advantage of being an island that does n't share borders with any mainland eu member states . 
  so even in terms like security we were inevitably better off . 
  some see it an omen that we 're regressing back to fascism and are highly concerned . 
  most however just think germany will be fine if britain leaves but it 's going to tough for britain , and ca n't understand why people would choose to harm their economy in such a fashion . 
  i have met a tiny minority that support britain 's choice , mainly italians who are vehemently anti-eu themselves , which is ironic because they 're using their freedom of movement to be here , but let 's face italians and politics are n't a good mix . 
  ultimately , i do n't think most britons have a handle on how brexit looks from the outside . 
  it makes us look completely bonkers , the national equivalent of the king cnut legend , standing on the beach trying to tell the sea to retreat . 
  it 's definitely hurting britain 's rep abroad . 
  the image of britain as polite , traditional , and a force for good as been tarred by the image of britain as angry , stupid , stuck in the past , and a force for disruption . 
  football hooligan and anti-social tourist seems more the image right now than suave refined gentleman . 
  fucking paul nuttall of the ukips, 
   trade deals are a thing . 
  whether we have a hard or soft brexit there will be a trade deal between the uk and the eu . 
  so here come the assumptions that contradict the experts that you 're so convicted of . 
  juncker has already said a trade deal between the eu and uk could take a lot longer than 2 years if the uk leaves the single market . 
  there is simply no reason to believe that there `` will be a trade deal '' , at least not a timely one . 
   all the talk about the eu wanting to punish the uk and set an example is posturing . 
  ah yes , more of that expert knowledge you have . 
  it 's not like economically punishing the uk is the only recourse the eu will have to signal to other member states that leaving the eu is n't a wise choice , and thereby protect the very future of the political union .
