  it 's only when rude american tourist come in and expect a jug of water before they 've even handed over a euro they 'll refuse . 
  micro-brew - sure it 's good that they 've got their precious micro-brew , `` muh micro-brews '' should be on the bingo imo , but the way they assume that germany and belgium do n't have hundreds of beers some of them from breweries older than the us itself is ridiculous . 
  they could n't compete with the uk in ale either . 
  public toilets - omg they 're so butthurt about this one . 
  i 'd rather pay 50 euro cent to use a toilet that 's cleaned every 30 minutes rather than a dirty shit stained basin . 
  furthermore it 's mostly just in airports , train stations and tourist hubs ( since tourist are more likely to take dumps in public loos anyway ) that actually force you to pay 50 cent . 
  in most other places there 's just a plate where you can pay as much as you want , sometimes with an old lady sitting next to it . 
  you can easily pay 20 cent or nothing at all if you 're a real dickhead . 
  racism - oh so the fact that 60 years ago they were segregated and there 's so many black and white areas in the us means europe is way more racist . 
  i love how the us people try and deny this . 
  all while pointing at stuff like pegida and the edl minority extremists or a few football hooligans in eastern europe . 
  it 's not at all like there are parts of the us where parents tell their kids not to associate with the black children and the neighbourhoods are divided by race . 
  europe has racists and racism , but it 's not a racist culture , unlike large swathes of america . 
  charity - i hate having to explain over and over how a segment of less than 185 million europeans give more in economic aid than 316 million americans give in both military and economic aid combined . 
  the worst part of the pro-american circlejerk is that it pretends to be so self effacing , bitching about what they they see as faults in their system , when really it 's just smugly thinking to itself how much better america is than any other nation even with these problems . 
  god help us all . 
  the declaration of independence is to be renounced , all copies will be burnt . 
  the american people must pay back taxes for the last 239 years to the crown , but a favourable payment plan would be drawn up to prevent bankruptcy much like the marshal plan . 
  the standard currency is now the british pound . 
  the federal reserve is now a subsidiary of the bank of england . 
  then i would go about liberating america from capitalism implementing european socialism across all states . 
  state funded healthcare , universities , welfare programmes , implement gun laws equivalent to those in canada , swearing and boobs on television after 9pm , evolution taught in schools without question , harsher hate crime laws for neo-nazis and other extreme racists , entirely new educational syllabus focusing on the american revolution as a minor english civil war fought purely for monetary gain , with the added element of franco-dutch competition , america not playing much role in world history until the 20th century , mandatory education in european languages other than english from ages 5 until 18 , the abolishment of the merriam-webster dictionary and the enforcement of correct spelling in all government and educational institutions . 
  football ( association ) and rugby to be taught alongside gridiron , cricket to be taught alongside baseball . 
  abolishment of the death penalty , british common law to replace american common law . 
  the stars of the stars and stripes are to be replaced with the union flag , as originally intended . 
  singing star spangled banner will now be punishable with mandatory prison time , god save the queen to replace it in a official capacity . 
  might invite the canadians over to burn down the white house for the second time , a symbol of the past , then construct a new and better white house sans traitors like washington . 
  perhaps then we could get round to using the newly amalgamated empire armed forces to `` persuade '' the rest of the commonwealth , our canadian , irish , australian and new zealand friends to reunite into the empire . 
  we 'll be having hong kong back and we 'll be also taking normandy and brittany as rightfully british territories and the empire 's foothold on the mainland . 
  pledge of allegiance will now read . 
   i pledge allegiance to her majesty queen elizabeth ii , and to the crown for which she stands , one empire under god , indivisible , with liberty and justice for all . 
  [ this will be a secondary anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mriaw6lkqle ), 
  [ it 's more like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny&amp;t=22s ), 
  maths * . 
  read what i said carefully , maybe you 'll understand what i said . 
  k , edited for clarity, 
  haha i know that , i 'm just teaching him the faking method for when you do n't know the gender of the noun . 
  you 've got to pick the declension that 's most likely to be correct !, 
  if you speak with an accent nobody expects to be able to differentiate between `` stille '' and `` stiller '' , so the safest bet is to say `` duh '' really quickly like a bavarian running his words together , use ein since it 's good for both masc . 
  and neut . 
  in the nominative , and stick with `` stille '' for your adjective . 
  if you say `` stilles '' for everything you 'll be wrong more than you 're right which will sound weird . 
  do n't know why anyone would downvote that . 
  whatever you believe it was an interesting and informative video . 
  that 's a massive logical fallacy right there . 
  lavey satanism is the only official church , but there are obviously cases of unofficial churches/covens whatever you want to call it . 
  the assumption is that is an unofficial organisation , that does n't entail it is n't something that calls itself satanism . 
  although i 'm still in two minds about this , but regardless of the truth of the allegations those kids have been seriously fucked up and abuse has take place in some form or another . 
  i did n't express that opinion . 
  there 's certainly abuse going on here , whether it 's an insane mother implanting horrific beliefs or an actual group of abusers . 
  the video was interesting because it provided lots of factual information regardless of whether you agree with the conclusions . 
  is that meant to be funny or something ? 
  nice logic there . 
  a picture of dorian grey is even older than that but it does n't mean you wo n't want to read it one day . 
  btw he dies when he destroys the painting of himself . 
  sometimes , depends . 
  fml that was hard to parse, 
  yes because the 20th belief that music would change the world really worked out right xd ? 
  [ this sums you up ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_z_46vq9-m0&amp;t=20s ), 
  exactly , this generation would actually be glad of some decent prospects like what was taken for granted no too long ago . 
  80 is an outstanding 1st class honours in the uk . 
  you 're not meant to get 100 on anything . 
  you could 've made new friends . 
  it 's really up to you . 
  bruce willis is a ghost all along !, 
  getting a career was so easy in the 90s it became uncool to do so . 
  there arent many tests like that in uk with right or wrong answers . 
  so its simply impossible , even if you answered a set engineering problems perfectly you 'd get 88 or smthg, 
  remember guys sparkling water tastes like shit !, 
  in america they 've voted on it , and they do n't see the point of sparkling stuff unless it 's high in fructose syrup . 
  it 's all just a con to make american tourists have to pay for water , since nobody here prefers sparkling water with a meal , absolutely no one !, 
  there 's a big difference between elm house and operation yew tree and the allegations being made here . 
  elm house was a group of rich influential paedophiles who were essentially forcing under age boys and girls to act as under age prostitutes to a wealthy paedophiles for the purposes of monetary gain and blackmail . 
  as for operation yew tree many people could 've told you that shit was going on and nobody batted an eyelid back in the day . 
  of course celebrities were abusing their influence and sleeping with gullible under age fans in the past , tonnes of people at the bbc knew and just did n't care . 
  not that that justifies what they did but it went under the radar due to a difference in attitude about sex and female responsibility . 
  many saw it as a matter of `` well if girls are going to put themselves in compromised situations with sexually active men without the presence of adults then they deserve or want what they get '' . 
  saville was obviously an extreme case with what 's come out about him , and glitter was a full on nonce as demonstrated by his flight to cambodia . 
  but many of these paedo celebs were just opportunists who did n't care if their victims were 13 or 17 . 
  however these allegations are way more extreme and harder to stomach , suggesting hundreds of people involved in a satanic cult that murders and eats babies is the most difficult part . 
  not merely a group of nonces taking advantage of the school system . 
  a bit of peculiar traditional ritualism in old institutions like skull and bones , masons and boho grove is not equivalent the actual murder and consumption of babies is it . 
  i mean the masons was founded as a mystical institution , they follow a system of alchemical rites they believe are derived from solomon 's temple . 
  skull and bones is just a bunch of students messing around ( jacking off in a coffin and telling your mates your sexual secrets ffs ? ), 
  and boho grove is just a tame as fuck men 's club with some silly pagan ritual involved . 
  really these things are n't comparable . 
  i was waiting for a nice steak and kidney pie :(, 
  so you if you 're taking a numerical subject like engineering you might sit a 3 hour exam with 3 questions on it . 
  firstly the paper will be designed so most students will not finish the 3rd question within the 3 hours . 
  the harder questions will generally be more open if you had a whole day and library access to finish it you could continue to write and add additional calculations to provide a more precise answer . 
  when the paper is graded the professor will not merely be looking at whether you got the right answer . 
  it may be a matter of the degree of accuracy with which the question is answered . 
  for an oversimplified example student a might have the answer 294.832 and have the equations and logic to back it up . 
  however student b might have gone further and have the answer 294.8321793495 and have the logic and mathematics to back it up . 
  so they 're both correct but one has gone further with the question and investigated more angles and utilised more complicated reasoning and mathematics to provide his answer . 
  the professor wo n't be looking at the answer so much as looking at the writing and workings out on the paper to see what he evaluates your grade to be . 
  in this sense , getting the wrong answer in the correct way can still get you through your exams , and say you missed a digit halfway through a set of equations it wo n't necessarily tank your grade provided all your methodology was top rate . 
  although you 'll still lose a few marks for sloppiness . 
  if you take a more literary course then you 'll only ever have to write papers in exams . 
  there questions are never as simple as `` what does x think about y '' , since they do n't want to mark you on your capacity to regurgitate information , although this is always unavoidably part of it .
