  he 's make witty joke based on holly 's inane comparison . 
  simply calling someone 's grandma a bike is neither witty nor clever , and would n't elicit this kind of response . 
  at best , it may have contributed to the absurdity of the situation , but that 's not why everyone is laughing , and if that 's all you can find funny here i feel a bit sorry for you frankly . 
  ah ok . that also makes sense if he 's actually cooking macaroni cheese . 
  the rest of what i said still stands though . 
  calling what the british call `` carbonara '' `` british carbonara '' to an italian chef is guaranteed to wind them up . 
  not a troll at all . 
  i 'm just trying to explain the humour here and why everyone is laughing . 
  the funny thing is gino 's over the top and typically italian reaction to holly 's comment , and the wit with which he shuts her down . 
  the fact that bike can mean `` slut '' does n't make damn sight of difference . 
  you 're clearly just focusing on that element because you 're unable to comprehend the humour here , maybe because you 're unable to appreciate why saying `` if this was different then it would like a british dish '' to an italian chef is stupid , and how perfectly gino 's reaction expresses the sentiment most traditional chefs feel when people start modifying their dishes . 
  of course , feel free to focus on a childish equivocation that most adults would n't even notice . 
   i 'm american and have zero reaction to `` bike '' , but all these brits in here are saying that 's a big part of why they 're laughing . 
  that is possible , but it 's plenty funny without that too . 
  your interpretation is correct . 
  it is pretty much equally as funny without the bike part . 
  at best , the bike part contributed to the humour in a minor way because it 's such an odd thing to say in english , but it 's not the reason why it 's funny . 
  the reality is that some people who 've watched this video are obviously a little bit dimwitted and do n't get the humour of the situation . 
  do n't worry , we have stupid people in the uk too . 
  anyone who thinks a foreigner making this joke is funny because occasionally children in the uk call each other 's mothers `` bikes '' to imply slut is obviously way down at the farting and rude words level of humour anyway . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the one making a fool as yourself as you fail to comprehend the humour of a day time television programme beyond `` hurr durr , he called his grandma a bike '' . 
  other people in this thread got the joke , which is why you were being downvoted . 
  it 's sad that you ca n't just admit that you 're wrong , or simply are n't able to get it , and move on with your life . 
  even the presenters of a trash news show in the uk are capable of getting gino 's joke and why it 's funny . 
  unlike you apparently who seems fixated on the childish equivocation that bike in the english can mean slut ( usually in the vocabulary of 11 year olds ) . 
  they 're not laughing because he said his grandma would be a bike , they 're laughing because he reacted in an incredulous fashion and wittily shut down holly 's somewhat stupid comment . 
  it is absolutely hilarious if you have an adult sense of humour that does n't revolve around alluding that people 's family members are promiscuous . 
  as i said . 
  if he 's said `` if my car had a propeller it would be a boat '' or `` if my auntie had a dick she 'd be my uncle '' it would 've been equally as funny and provoked exactly the same reaction . 
  the humour here is his perfectly cutting response to holly 's inane commentary and comparison of real italian and british pseudo-italian cuisine , the bike thing is barely a factor whatsoever , at least to people with iq 's above 70 . 
  you have a lot of growing up to do my friend if you think adults laugh about that kind of stuff . 
  i 'm seeing a lot of dunning-kruger effect here , you 're fundamentally underestimating the complexity of the humour of the average adult . 
  i 've also grown up watching these people in the uk , and know exactly why this situation is funny . 
  it 's sad that you 're only getting it at the average jeremy kyle viewer level of engagement . 
  enjoy your life at the lower level of the humour spectrum . 
  i 'm sure there are plenty of fart jokes out there to keep you laughing . 
  it 's a shame you have to project your own bad taste and lacking sense of humour on others though . 
  no you 're not , as you seem to think the joke i 've explained to you is `` too smart '' for daytime television . 
  when the reality is that you 're simply too dumb to get a day time television joke , which is low frankly . 
  there 's nothing wrong with sex jokes , when you 're an adult , jokes are funny when they 're clever . 
  a clever sex joke is funny . 
  a simply equivocation regarding the meaning of the word bike is not funny nor clever . 
  what gino said was actually quite clever and witty , but it 's completely wasted on you who does n't seem to get the level of humour that passes on daytime television . 
  it 's cute that you do n't get the joke . 
  have fun going through life not understanding things . 
  even holly fucking willoughby is too smart for the `` dumb humour '' you think they 're laughing at . 
  you do n't understand the idiom . 
  the idiom has nothing to do with implicating that someone is a `` town bike '' , and everything to do with making someone who 's just made a stupid comparison look foolish . 
  he deployed the idiom perfectly ... 
  it 's a legitimately witty saying , it seems to have been lost on reddit though . 
  what makes it extra funny is that it 's not a traditional english language saying , so it sounds really absurd , but the humour does n't come from the fact that bike can mean slut in english . 
  itt : dumb people incapable of understanding a witty put down that is commonplace on the continent , unable to see past a rather vulgar and unintentional innuendo . 
   it 's cute you need to last say in this stupid chain, 
  said the guy who just responded . 
  no , that 's simply not true . 
  the funny part is the witty put down to holly 's dimwitted commentary . 
  if he had said `` if my grandma had wheels she 'd be a car '' it would 've provoked the same reaction . 
  his incredulous and typically italian response her comment was just too perfect . 
  the fact that the saying sounds so funny in english , being a saying in many european languages but uncommon in english , and also the equivocation between bike = bicycle and bike = town slut , are really only incidental facts that , while perhaps contributing the absurdity , are not the driving force of the joke . 
  i 'm sorry but the bike thing is not the ** main reason ** why this is funny at all . 
  except he 's not upset about their reaction , he 's being incredulous because holly basically just insulted italian cuisine . 
  you 're just misreading how these human being are interacting . 
  honestly , i doubt the thought `` hurr durr , bike can also mean slut in english '' , even passed through their minds . 
  maybe that 's the humour of the average redditor , but very much doubt many functional adults would think that at all . 
  i 'm british , and i have n't heard anyone use `` bike '' for slut since i was about 12 years old . 
  read the comments and you 'll see many people do n't exactly get what the phrase he used means and why it 's funny in the context of what holly had said . 
  well that 's a surprisingly well reasoned position to take given this is reddit . 
  humour is subjective and i 'm sure some people laughed at this only because of the bike = bicycle and bike = slut equivocation , but i really disagree that that 's the main reason why holly and scofield are laughing here . 
  what gino said was way funnier than that , which is why they 're cracking up . 
  how unusual the phrase sounds in english , and the fact that bike can mean something else in english , were just factors that contributed to the joke , but not the joke itself . 
  i 've seen it both ways , either way it 's not proper carbonara . 
  it 's a common phrase in many languages , but not english , which is why it 's even funnier , because it sounds like something he came up with on the spot . 
  a joke does n't have to be clich\u00e9 to be funny , in fact , it 's funnier because it 's not clich\u00e9 . 
  i agree that the bike thing adds to the absurdity , but many people are arguing the the bike thing is the whole of the joke , which shows how little humour many people actually understand . 
   however this saying does n't exist in the uk and it just sounds like he is calling his gran the town bike . 
  that 's irrelevant as the meaning of it is clear despite it no being common in english . 
  in fact i 'm english and the thought about bike = slut did n't even cross my mind when i heard this the first time . 
  what i heard was a hilarious witty put down that had nothing to do with the juvenile use of bike to mean slut . 
  personally i think holly and scofield both got the joke , and were n't thinking about juvenile puns , but make of it what you will , i 've talked too much about this stupid joke . 
  then you did n't get the joke . 
  maybe when i was 14 and at school i would 've understood it that way , but frankly as an adult the quip is a lot funnier despite the fact it sounds strange in english . 
  if you want , i already conceded it contributed to the humour , point is that if he 's said `` if my grandma had wheels she 'd be a car '' it still would 've been just as funny imo . 
  i disagree . 
  i think they were actually laughing at the joke . 
  if you ca n't see how it 's funny otherwise then i feel bad for you son . 
  a lot of the people watching this are unemployed single mothers so they have to pander to their audience . 
  it 's just sad how few people actually get the banter here and can only see that bike can mean slut . 
  he just made holly feel about 3 inches tall with his incredulous and stereotypically italian response . 
  that 's why it 's so funny . 
  the italian saying sounds ridiculous translated into english , and part of the reason for that could be because bike can mean slut in english , but that 's not why it 's funny . 
  kinda tragic how few people have a sense of humour . 
  i 've met eu migrants that voted for brexit despite relying on freedom of movement to live where they do . 
  some people are just idiots . 
  they outsourced disability assessment to a private company that was financially incentivised on the premise of keeping the number of successful applications down . 
  this led to unethical methods designed to get people sanctioned or denied their claim . 
  paisleywave definitely needs to be a thing . 
  if that 's what you think i ca n't change your mind . 
  personally i disagree , but there 's no point debating it as ultimately humour is subjective . 
  personally i think they 're laughing at his reaction . 
  you can see the build up when she makes the comment about british carbonara , and i think if he 'd said `` if my grandma had wheels she 'd be a van '' there would 've been exactly the same reaction , because the phrase sounds equally ridiculous in english and it an equally witty put down in response to the presenter 's comment .
