  the cost of collecting income tax already exists , scale wise the increase would be minimal compared to hiring busybodies go around threatening people for not paying the licence fee . 
  the whole quasi mandatory licence fee thing is utterly stupid . 
  i have n't a clue what point you 're trying to make . 
  nothing i 've said contradicts what you 've linked . 
  it took the us decades if not centuries to be in a position to utilise its vast resources , the european powers did n't care for such long term prospects when they needed money now . 
  if resources = wealth/power it would n't have taken so long for the us to become wealthy/powerful, 
  yes , so the fruits of american natural resources really started to show themselves in the late 19th / early 20th century . 
  can you see why the european powers in the late 18th / early 19th century did n't regard them as so valuable now ? 
  because that 's what i was saying . 
  at that point in history the us simply was n't important to other countries , because they had no way of harvesting whatever potential was there . 
  frankly the bbc is already at the mercy of the government , they could repeal any legal obligation to pay the tv licence if you watch live broadcast tv tomorrow theoretically . 
  consequently , why does it matter if the government is obliged to collect and give the money to the bbc , rather than having the bbc being in charge of its own collection and enforcement . 
  it 's simply a matter of cementing it in legislation , just as your current obligation to pay if you watch live tv is now . 
  no , i 'm simply reminding you special snowflakes of what historian agree on incontrovertibly , that the us 's global significance was n't very great between its founding up until the late 19th century . 
  my point about the later 18th and early 19th century was merely to point out the rulers of european power did n't see the us as some great prize . 
  if they had then the us probably would 've been recolonised , at least partially . 
  but instead it was perceived as not a particularly valuable colony because while it objectively did have great resources , the means of acquiring those resources did n't exist until much later . 
  but sure , call me naive and uneducated . 
  i 'm sure you 're a genius . 
  i 'll also remind you that this all started in response to someone who called the us 's history short and full of `` triumph '' . 
  now , thinking your entire nation 's history triumphant , that 's naive and uneducated, 
  and as i said , being a potential power and being a backwater ( during period when that power is still `` potential '' ) are not contradictory . 
  while england did put a fair amount of resources into trying to quell the revolution , it was n't going crazy . 
  the fact that one of the biggest factors in the british giving up on the 13 colonies was cost should be indicative of that . 
  half of parliament did n't see point in fighting the war at all . 
  inspired by jimmy saville ? 
  all this started because the guy claimed that us history was full of `` triumph '' , it kinda neglects the frontier days when while the european royalty were importing spices from india and fielding armies with hundreds of thousands of soldier , the us was dirt poor , disorganised and in parts highly lawless . 
  like any nations history , it 's a mixed bag of ups and downs , anyone who thinks their nations history is full of `` triumph '' is deluded at best and a foaming at the mouth nationalist at worst . 
  us history has plenty of anguishes . 
  your statement is really just testament to your own unrealistic view of your own history . 
  the idea that it was all triumph from 1776-now is utterly moronic . 
  you should remember people are , not just in the us , but in all of the west , living through what is comparatively a tiny blip of peace and prosperity in the history of humanity . 
  the average european can no more remember the really bad times than the average american . 
  we have surveillance cameras in the same that every shop in new york has surveillance cameras . 
  fun fact . 
  in munich what you said was law , in the sense that everyone followed it and you 'd get really dirty looks if you crossed . 
  in central cologne though nobody gives two fucks and loads of people just walk when they feel like . 
  so much so that they 've had to put posters saying `` k\u00f6ln steht bei rot '' all over the place . 
  it 's almost as if reason is overcoming the rules here , it 's beautiful to see germans disobeying rules . 
   given that that happened largely after spelling standardisation, 
   the great vowel shift was a major change in the pronunciation of the english language that took place in england between 1350 and 1600, 
  you what mate ? 
  the german spelling system has been revamped probably dozens of times in the last few hundred years . 
  german favours phonetics over the traditional form , german also underwent its own shift . 
  also the vowel shift was way earlier than standardisation . 
  take for example `` haus '' and `` house '' , same vowel , different spelling , then take grund and ground , different spelling , different pronunciation , same route . 
  yes , you got chased down to new orleans , at which point you had a few victories but only after the war was technically over . 
   the national myth of the united states between 1812 and 1865 is expansion , growth , refuge . 
  we may not have been a big player on the world stage then , but europe had 50x the population of the usa at the start of the 19th . 
  we spent our time and energy on internal growth . 
  nothing i said contradicted that . 
   had england done the same instead of mismanaging its empire , imagine how different the 20th would have been . 
  managing an empire without vast technological superiority is a literal impossibility , which is why the 2nd british empire worked so well . 
   thanks for all the irish you tried to starve to death !, 
  ( not for the ones you succeeded with , those did n't help us any ) . 
  yeah go fuck yourself on the way out mate . 
  try not to genocide any indigenous populations on the way . 
  if people are so dumb as to not notice shit like that , then frankly we do n't deserve nice things . 
  i think you 're wrong though , if the bbc was getting its funding cut i 'm sure we 'd know about it . 
  they are on the tv you know ? 
  the stuff the flies under the radar is the stuff the news does n't cover , but why would n't they cover something that direct impacts them in a negative manner ? 
  i think it would be as simple as having legislation that required the uk government to pay the licence fee on behalf of everyone , and having the government adjust tax as they see fit . 
  the moment the government tried to pass a law to change that figure they are entitled to pay the bbc would make such a stink about it it would be known about from dundee to newquay in 20 minutes . 
  karma quite literally comes around . 
  the people who treat their folks like shit tend to raise kids that treat their folks like shit . 
  so she can enjoy the same experience when she 's frail and unable to contest it . 
  so how do they repossess homes ? 
  or does n't it work if you use the credit to buy the house ? 
  not at all really . 
  often the green man will showing on the crossing that is on the road where the person turning right on a red is turning into . 
  when you turn right on the red it 's your duty to give way to any pedestrians that might be crossing . 
  that means that even when a green man is showing for pedestrians there may be a right turner trying to cross you , despite the fact it 's green . 
  consequently it really has no impact on jay walking what so ever . 
  red turns on red are something that occur while green men are showing , not while red men are showing , so what you said does n't make sense at all . 
  not in germany they do n't . 
  in germany it 's normal for cars to cross ( by turning right on a red ) while the green man is showing . 
  it 's the drivers job to treat turning right on a red in exactly the same way you 'd treat crossing a zebra crossing , giving way to all pedestrians . 
  i do n't know what the law is in other countries , but in germany turning right on red means you have to give way to pedestrians . 
  you should never be turning right on a red without checking it 's safe first . 
  where foot traffic is too heavy to make right turns on reds possible the traffic light is marked to indicate right turns on red are not permitted . 
  i guess you got tired of exposing yourself in norway , and wanted to hit up the big leagues in florida where you could be certain you 'd run into fellow enthusiasts . 
  because in the uk we ca n't just build the roads wider when they 're busy because of castles and shit . 
  there are plenty of one way , single lane roads with sufficient traffic to warrant traffic lights . 
  yeah , but the banks must be able to repossess houses otherwise it would be very hard to get a mortgage in florida . 
  i 'm guessing this rule only applies if the debt was n't secured against the property . 
  because that 's stupid and antiquated . 
  everyone benefits from the bbc in some form or the other , even if you do n't watch tv . 
  time to just go the whole hog and make it nationally funded . 
  the current situation is stupid , there is no way to tell if someone watches live broadcast tv at home , doing so would be an invasion of privacy . 
  either nationalise it properly or make it show advertising , do n't come up with a crappy compromise that inconveniences everyone . 
  that 's not true . 
  the law clearly states that you only need pay the licence if you receive live broadcast tv . 
  however , the law will change on september 1st 2016 so that you need it for on demand . 
  anyway , the whole situation is dumb . 
  if you want to watch it for free you can , and they have no way to prove it . 
  the system is old fashioned and basically relies on the good will people towards the bbc to make them pay . 
  i 'd prefer a nationalised media network to only privatised ones , so i think proper nationalisation is the best outcome . 
  how so ? 
  people get greater convenience by paying licence fees separate from their taxes ( whereas taxes they have to pay at some point anyway ) . 
  the bbc get greater convenience because they do n't have to fuck around sending people letters and employing failed traffic wardens to come out to people 's houses and harass them over if they have n't paid the fee or opted out .
