  both nouns would have to be the subject for that to be true . 
  it 's because you need the past participle with a predicative statement . 
  it is sung daily . 
  what you 're complaining about is happening because those words are rarely used as verbs . 
  one does n't say `` i clich\u00e9 '' `` i prejudice '' `` i bias '' , so people naturally forget this rule . 
  do n't piss yourself off man . 
  if you wanted to be really strict i think you 're wrong anyway , it should be ... 
  he has so many prejudices, 
  that 's such a clich\u00e9, 
  ergh ... only if it 's in the nominative position . 
  no , all of a sudden is the correct usage . 
  `` all of the sudden '' however , is bollocks . 
  it 's a perfectly legit idiom ... 
  firstly grammar is not logic . 
  grammar is usage . 
  `` all of a sudden '' is a valid usage . 
  secondly `` sudden '' used to be a noun with usage dating back to 1550 . 
  it means an unexpected and hastily appearing occurrence . 
  it just happens the noun usage has fallen out of use but remains in the idiom . 
  no , for fuck 's sake just no , that rule about `` to be '' has n't been true for hundreds of years . 
  what you 're saying is like telling someone it 's a mistake to not use thou . 
  furthermore the me of `` woe is me '' comes from the dative not the accusative . 
  if you wanted to be hypercorrect you 'd use `` woe unto me '' and not `` woe is i '' , that 's never been said officially in the history of the english language , you are not literally saying you are woe . 
  just because something is informal does n't make it correct to not use it . 
  thou may be informal but it was used to address god for christ 's sake . 
  calling a child `` sie '' in german would also be incorrect . 
  nobody has said `` it 's he '' for over hundred years , it 's not what 's taught to english learners because frankly it sounds silly . 
  pretty sure when it 's being taught in schools or to language learners it 's no longer a mistake . 
  honestly you must be a fucking troll . 
  the rule that is taught is that the accusative pronoun is used for the object regardless of whether it 's a linking or action verb . 
  this is how 99 % of the english speaking world talks nowadays , maybe you 've been living under a rock for 200 years and were taught by a victorian schoolmarm ? 
  jesus you obviously do n't know any english teachers . 
  please just stop spouting bs about what you do n't know about . 
  you ca n't have a grammatical error that 99 % make , it does n't work like that . 
  the are actually comical books called ` woe is i ' making fun at the type of antiquated hypercorrectness you 're espousing . 
  if you want to learn how to speak [ modern english ] ( http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/woe-is-i-patricia-t-oconner/1101558854?ean=9780399141966 ) try reading things like this , otherwise why not go back to saying mine instead of my before a vowel sound since you 're so adamant these are `` mistakes '' . 
  you could n't even conquer vietnam . 
  well i liked the music , also she sounded german / scandinavian ? 
  except frankly you do n't have the power to hold it . 
  the rest of the world does n't even have to fight you , they can just stop doing business with you and you 'll return to a state complete anarchy like after the collapse of the ussr within a year . 
  get real , russia does n't decide its territory the western allied nations do . 
  you agreed to those borders in treaties a long time ago and if you fail to keep your word you will be punished . 
  putin is delusional and so are you apparently . 
  no it did n't . 
  crimea voted to be russian no more than north korea voted for its regime ... 
  if you want them in your country so much offer them all citizenship no one 's preventing that . 
  the land however is part of ukraine as was agreed in the treaties signed by russian authorities . 
  there was also complete suppression of dissent in those areas , with politicians being murdered left right and centre , those are not the conditions of a legitimate referendum . 
  now enjoy going hungry whilst your economy collapses because your people and leader delusionally believe you have some authority in this matter . 
  no crimea is occupied by russia , it is no more part of russia than iraq was part of the us . 
  no , if they have their home nation 's parliamentary approval , not when a neighbouring nation muscles in because it fears losing its influence in the area should the majority decide to join the eu . 
  a true referendum for the crimea would have taken years of steady lobbying and appealing to government and international authorities , instead russia illegally allowed its political pawns and military personal enter the crimea under the guise of being regular citizens , swaying public opinion with force when necessary and illegally occupying the area . 
  ironically russia depends on the west to maintain anything like a 1st world standard of living , yet its oligarchs who have their money outside russia do n't give a shit . 
  so effectively it 's sacrificed the well being of its people for a power play over a piece of land that the majority of its citizens will never see the benefit of . 
  like i said , if the home nation is not allowing the referendum there are various international channels to go through . 
  ironically had ukraine joined the eu they would have had a far easier time getting a legitimate referendum . 
  funny there 's no genocide in crimea though so way to compare apples to bus stops . 
  i do n't watch cnn thanks , but enjoy putin 's propaganda machine in your fascist state/faux democracy . 
  also enjoy eating potatoes as the price of imports sky rockets and your country rejoins the 3rd world . 
  that was excellent !, 
  i still remember the gta : sa driving school * shudder *, 
  does n't sound that way to me . 
  rome 's first colony was england and france !, 
  no everyone calls him father christmas . 
  occasionally kids pick up santa from american propaganda and if they come from decent homes that love them they 're immediately corrected . 
  no , because russia never signed treaties explicitly stating that moscow was not part of russia . 
  anyway enjoy having your nation fall apart because you 've lost your credibility at an international level . 
  your country is politically and militarily weak and has not place making power plays for any new territory . 
  ok well swap your for their and you 're good . 
  moscow has always been part of russia , crimea was legally affirmed as being part of ukraine by the russian government , therefore russia can not take it back . 
  if the crimea had gone through the proper channels then they could have had a referendum but they did n't . 
  russia used covert tactics to destabilise the region and then in the amidst of the chaos faked a referendum that is recognised by no one but russia . 
  moscow is unquestionably part of russia , however the crimea is illegally occupied by russia . 
  there is a tangible and demonstrable difference . 
  guys the people eat different food !, 
  they they have different types of baptist churches !, 
  it creates way more difference than 2000 years of completely divergent history !, 
  tiny europe with its smaller landmass , lower population , and more homogeneous history than the us can not produce people with an appreciation for the diversity of the us . 
  the people in the north literally say `` blinker '' whilst other parts say `` directional '' !, 
  it 's just diversity on a whole nother level than europe !, 
  blame orange billy !, 
  sounds like a sure fire way to get the herpes ... 
  or you know their actual name `` indicators '' , if anyone makes up silly names it 's americans . 
  system of a down will attest to the fact that people in that part of the world know music . 
  add some guitars and it 's a winning formulae, 
  yeah but still , drinking from the bubbler while eating a hoagie then getting in your suv 's humour is totally lost on them . 
  if it makes you feel any better they were more vikings than french , and well we 're used to be invaded by those guys . 
  i do n't . 
  i just think it 's hilarious some ignorant americans think the diversity within a 250 year old unified borderline monolingual new world country can compare with european cultural diversity . 
  naturally the diversity between european nations is even greater than the diversity between anglophone nations , nevermind the diversity between us states . 
  not to be that guy but i think it 's `` there but for ... '', 
  people who use `` that '' when `` who '' is appropriate . 
  either that 's bollocks or what, 
  i think you 're correct, 
  of ends in a v sound too you know . 
  they both end in a v sound . 
  you do n't say `` should vuh '' ... 
  yeah fuck alex. 
  the alex i know ended a centuries old tradition of democracy , subdued native populations , waged war on parts of european and the middle east and worst of all he was macedonian . 
  total arse wipe .
