  the us attitude : fuck you world we 'll make our own stuff with blackjack and hookers , and we do n't care how tacky or commericialised it is , we 'll say it 's amazing and better anyway because if you believe hard enough it 's true right ? 
  [ rest of the world during every major us sporting events ] ( http://a.gifb.in/052011/1304618376_tumbleweed-gif.gif ), 
  no i believe you are for not seeing how repugnantly insular and self gratulating you are, 
  at least i can use my space bar correctly , 
  though *, 
  you do realise a space comes after a full stop ? 
  if you knew how to use your phone properly you 'd realise it spells and punctuates automatically ... 
  i do n't understand what i kind of come back you 're expecting , am i meant to start talking jive or disrespecting your mother or something ? 
  au contraire my colonial friend , our humour is simply 800 years more advanced . 
  you mean bastardised rounders ? 
  that game we we 're playing when columbus was still looking for a route to india ? 
  that 's very cartesian of you , and not something many modern philosophers would agree with . 
  basically your assumption is that 1 ) we perceive x 2 ) what we perceive , x , is a thing unlike what we believe the world , y , to be like - therefore 3 ) perception ( x ) ! = world ( y ) consequently 4 ) what is x ? 
  since y is necessarily external , x must be something internal . 
  why 2 ) ? 
  typically i ) the argument from illusion , at first glance we seem to plainly perceive the world to be a certain way , then further investigation shows us it is not that way , therefore we assume that this must be due to an inadequacy of our internal representations , our x 's are imperfect recreations . 
  ii ) the argument from hallucination , hallucinations are possible , furthermore a hallucination that is qualitatively indistinguishable from a veritable ( y matching ) perception is possible , therefore we assume all perceptions are of the same kind as hallucinations , albeit with a different cause . 
  the problem with this logic is that it creates a strange layered view of the world . 
  you have a subject , then that subject 's perceptions , then the world . 
  object  perception  subject , perceptions seemingly generated in the mind completely outside of our awareness of them . 
  what much modern philosophy does is say this is unnecessary , it 's foolish to try and distinguish a subject from their perception , the subject is their mind and perception is of the mind , what we really want is object  subject without the need for intermediaries . 
  but that still leaves the problem of i ) and ii ) , i ) is done away with by saying you know how earlier we assumed the an illusionary perception presents itself to us a certain way despite its object not being that way . 
  that 's a misconception . 
  what really happened is that we had a perception , but it did n't present itself to us as anything other than what it is , really what we did is use a heuristic to assume the nature of the object of our perception , using the perception 's qualities based on the conditions we are most familiar with , and because this case was exceptional this led us to error . 
  ii ) is done away with by saying that yes a hallucination is a case wherein we perceptually interact with something other than y , let 's call it z , and we yes we can be fooled into believing that z is caused by y , that z is an x , but this is no reason to conclude that every x = z. 
  thus we do away with the need for internal representation altogether , except hallucinations of course , they are exceptional cases of perceiving internal entities . 
  however when i look at a chair in my room , i , the subject , am in a object  subject relationship with the chair . 
  we often draw incorrect conclusions from our object  subject relationships , and we are perceptually limited insofar as we only perceive a narrow band of y , since we know there are y entities that we can not detect , but this is no different from how a radio wave detector will not detect light waves , and no reason to assume that the radio detector has a mediated relationship with the world . 
  how is it fake ? 
  maybe it was deliberate but he sure did get covered in foam . 
  - you 're saying arcent not accent , this does n't take a broad - a, 
  - it 's op-in-yun or op-in-ee-un , not op-in-un, 
  - pronounce the d in and, 
  you 're short - i is off, 
  - go to the airport * the travel plan *, 
  - the only way i ( can ) get the ticket *, 
  you do sound a bit weird , but you do n't sound russian , your grammatical mistakes and slower speech give you away more than mispronunciation , try and relax it and make it sound more natural , not a bad attempt . 
  sounds like you 're mixing elements of cockney and elements of rp in a way that would n't occur naturally , you 're fronting some vowels , but your - o 's are pure rp . 
  here you [ i recorded what you said best i could repeating back ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0kv9zn6o78m ) so you 'll have a reference point . 
  everyone knows scone rhymes with gone and the other pronunciation is just a mrs bouquet-esque affection of the ever grasping middle classes ... 
  [ more like gorn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t70-htlkrxo ), 
  which game is that ? 
  sounds like scientology , seriously why would you not just walk away and join a normal christian denomination . 
  [ the only true red white and blue , your tart is traitorous ] ( http://your.asda.com/system/dragonfly/production/2012/05/31/17_14_13_629_union_tart_crop.jpg ), 
  seriously , i think the basic ingredients for baking are available all over ... 
  enjoy your inferior national sports, 
  lost implies it 's over , we 're just biding our time . 
  the 5.7 billion people in the rest of the world disagree . 
  furthermore men would be `` petit '' not `` petite '' , but you 're high on corn syrup to learn something like that . 
  i 'm always curious about mormons and how they maintain their beliefs though . 
  we have missionaries in my town , a town that existed in 1086 ad . 
  we have churches both catholic and protestant that are almost that old strewn around , shakespeare grew up just down the road . 
  it seems a little odd that someone would earnest come and try and convert anyone to religion that only came to exist a number of generations ago , yet there 's always these missionaries around . 
  would you really consider yourself a failure to god for not following the church of lds ? 
  surely that means even the pope is a failure ? 
  what difference does it make , unless you 're saying there 's less stupidity in the us than elsewhere ? 
  it 's overall more popular , beloved of the stupid and intelligent alike . 
  neckbearding intensifies, 
  did you bust out your thesaurus for that one ? 
  you must be genuinely offended , you sound like a complete and utter moron . 
  do you like real music by any chance , none of these phonies , omg everyone in the world is so stupid , you 'd do well on / r/cringepics, 
  you sound incredibly unworldly from the types of questions you 're asking . 
  i 'm assuming you 're going to do a visa waiver and stay here for six months . 
  firstly you 're not meant to be working here , but if you 're working online and getting paid in the us that 's probably not going to matter ( in the sense you 'll probably get away with it ) . 
  yes there are background checks for rental , you 'll probably have to pay upfront since they wo n't be able to do one on a non-resident . 
  of course you will have to pay utilities unless your rent is inclusive of those costs , you might want to look into temporary accommodation since it 'll most likely be furnished and inclusive of utilities , as well as having a shorter minimum term of contract . 
  some questions are worrying ? 
  why do you think that anyone on this forum is going to know about a town with 25,000 people in it ? 
  where do you get `` groceries '' ? 
  at the shops like you would anywhere else . 
  yes this town is small a quick google could answer that ... of course shops accept cards unless they 're small corner shops of whatever . 
  you ca n't drive without a licence , if you get caught you could get deported . 
  will you need a car ? 
  well only you can answer that , you 're going to be in a village , do you want to do a lot of visiting other places whilst you 're here ? 
  how do you intend to get a car in the first place , buying one is probably not possible for you without the necessary documentation . 
  then you need insurance and road tax and mot etc. 
  rental is possible but expensive . 
  you could get a series of trains to the town you 're planning on going to from london . 
  first to nottingham and then to kirkby . 
  i do n't know how you can be seriously considering this when you 're still asking such basic questions . 
  good luck to you anyway , i hope it all works out but you 'll probably want to start doing some thorough research about what it 's actually going to be like . 
  this is like a cringe masterwork, 
  some things do n't work well for profit . 
  you would n't want a privatised military , security services , education system , road system . 
  privatising too much hinders social mobility . 
  kids from poor families wo n't go to school if they do n't have too , and many more would end up illiterate beggars , thieves and prostitutes without even the possibility of a low end job . 
  want to start a business ? 
  better be ready to pay security to a private individual who will try and maximise his profits off you . 
  need to travel for a better job , i hope you 've paid for your roadway rental cutting into your profits . 
  i suppose you can always join a private army , but if you get injured whilst your doing it do n't expect a veteran 's day parade , you 'll just be another blackwater reject . 
  what 's worse is not so much you 're paying for it either , but inequality of what you 'll pay , live in a less competitive area and companies will take advantage , lucky enough to live in the smallest house in the nicest area ? 
  you 'll pay the same as the wealthiest for the amenities . 
  well you still have competitive salaries just like the police do , the commissioner earns more than an entry level policeman . 
  if there is a lack of people willing to be police commissioners then you increase the salary for that tier of governmental position , and demand dictates the salary , much like the private sector . 
  also individuals get paid differently within the public sector , someone who 's be a police commissioner for 10 years will be on a higher pay than someone who 's just started . 
  i can only go on how it works here . 
  if the private sector is much more attractive than the public sector then the public sector loses too much skill and has to incentive people to stay by upping wages . 
  typically however the private sector pays better wages , but is probably not as appealing in terms of benefits like pensions since government bodies tend to get better deals with these , as well as more job security . 
  also the private sector can afford to only take on experienced staff since it 's smaller and does n't have the same organisational costs . 
  does n't mean all the best nurses etc go private however since many want to work helping people who need it most and like the safety net that comes working in a public sector .
