  students bank balances are more important than the tax payers quite frankly because they are the future of the nation . 
  we 'll do better with a debt free generation of educated young adults coming through than we will with more middle aged homeowners who can afford second homes . 
   if you think the government would subsidise university to be free and not pass the cost on to us then you 're a little bit ignorant . 
  corbyn proposes we pay for the # 10billion hole free uni would create by increasing national insurance by 7 % , so people will still be paying for their university , it would just be under the guise of higher national insurance payments . 
  this is a reductive analysis , so please refrain from calling me `` ignorant '' the national budget is not a household budget . 
  if it were implemented then it would be a combination of both raising taxes and increases in government borrowing , both of which are `` paid for '' by the taxpayer , just differently . 
  there is no way for the government increase spending in any respect without it being `` passed '' on , the idea that it could not be passed on is ridiculous , that 's not how economies work . 
  the government is n't a business ; it is n't taking a cut of the profit . 
  it has no way to pay for anything other than with tax payer money . 
  to be fair he did the guy a solid by signing them so obviously for sale , probably just made the guy a month or so rent right there . 
   please enlighten me to what experience i missed ? 
  i visited friends at university a lot and it did n't seem like i 'm missing out on anything important . 
  you missed out on a minimum 3 years of time in which you are able to devote yourself entirely to developing intellectually , whether that be by studying in the library or joining a comedy troupe . 
   you do n't know what i have done with my life so you ca n't make blanket statements about my level of enrichment . 
  this is n't about your `` level of enrichment '' , there is no such thing . 
  it is n't a scale , and just as if you 've never lived in another country for a substantial amount of time you can never really understand appreciate what that 's like , similarly you can never experience the enrichment that university brings . 
  i 'm sure you 've had enriching experiences i 'm not denying that , but you have n't had this one . 
   my point is we should n't have `` free university . '', 
  which is what you were arguing for earlier . 
  this is a stupid argument not worth listening to . 
  of course we * should * have free universities . 
  in an ideal world we would so of course we * should * , the only arguments against it are on the basis that the cost outweigh the benefits . 
   you 're saying # 67 a month when you 're earning # 30,000 a year is a financial burden ? 
  that 's the same as a meal out for two , but rather than a steak and a bottle of wine you received 3 years of education and increased earning potential . 
  people who doubt their ability to earn after attending uni are n't going to be stopped by the cost , if they do n't earn afterwards they do n't pay anything back . 
  they do n't want to invest 3 years of time . 
  i 'm saying your characterisation of it in that way is flippant and deliberately playing it down . 
  yes , student debt does decentivise many people from going to university . 
  furthermore if you 're considering going to a field that , while vital to the economy and society , requires a university degree and does n't pay particularly well e.g teaching , university fees are just another reason not to actually pursue that career and put money ahead of loftier intentions . 
   exactly . 
  so `` free university '' is a myth . 
  we will be paying for it one way or another so why should people like me pay for it out of our taxes when we did n't benefit from it while people who did benefit can skirt the responsibility for funding their own education ? 
  you sound like a yank telling us that free healthcare is a myth , anyone who actually understands what `` free '' means realises the ridiculously childish logic of those who like to suggest that government services are n't free . 
  free does n't mean , and has never meant , generated from nothing by magic ( as idiot right wingers imagine anyone remotely central or left wing believes ) , honestly only children believe that free means anything other than free on demand to the public , and by making such statement it makes it clear you do n't understand the concept yourself . 
  the reason you should pay from it is because you do benefit from it ( as much as you do n't want to acknowledge that fact ) , you benefit from it everyday by living in a world in which many people ( at least older types ) , were able to go to university for free , in turn allowing them to improve themselves and improve the world you live in . 
  what you 're saying is not different from the argument to privatise healthcare . 
  after all , the healthy are paying for the poor sick types and not benefiting from it themselves . 
  why should anyone pay when others get sick ? 
   i 'm not the one making the argument it wont be passed on , i 'm saying it will be or something else will be cut . 
  that fact that you need to state it will be passed on as if this were of interest to anyone suggests you assume that there is some way for it not to be passed on , which indicates a total lack of understanding of how government and the economy functions . 
  again , pointing out that it will be `` passed on '' , is like claiming that university is n't `` free '' . 
  everyone with a brain realises that `` free '' does n't mean , generated from nothing by magic at no cost to anyone , and everyone with a brain realises there is not way for government spending to increase without the public paying for it one way or another . 
  what you 're doing is making a non-argument , like trying to dissuade someone from buying a car by pointing out it needs fuel to run , when in reality nobody contemplates buying a car without the assumption it requires fuel being implicit . 
   free university is n't a situation that benefits the country as a whole , it only benefits the students . 
  yes , it clearly does , which is why most of europe , including the uk , had or had public universities for decades . 
  you can try to contradict that but it 's patently obviously true , so i do n't know why you 're bothering . 
   people going to university to do important degrees are n't put off by the incredibly soft debt , the only people put off by university fees are the people who go to do silly degrees for the sake of it . 
  yes they are , your argument that they 're not is unfounded with no support whatsoever . 
  it 's clear to anyone who will open their eyes that students these days are a lot more concerned about future earnings . 
   when did you last hear someone say `` well i was going to be a doctor , but having to pay back # 100 a month was just too much '' ? 
  i believe what doctors say is fuck it i ca n't be arsed paying this back on an nhs salary , i 'll move to australia . 
   universities solely funded by the government would be a nightmare of underfunded shit holes , and elitist institutions such as cambridge and oxford who have billions in endowments and as a result will only take the best and brightest , or the students who 's parents attended . 
  ah yes , because it 's clearly as you describe in all the other countries that publicly fund their university system . 
  oh wait , it is n't . 
  what 's with all the terrible strawmans ? 
   we currently pay over # 45 billion a year in interest on our national debt . 
  if we did n't have that debt we would easily be able to make university free for all . 
  increasing the national debt by borrowing is n't how you solve an issue , it 's how you pass it on to the next generation which has been happening for far too long . 
  we need to get rid of that debt before we start blowing money on things that are n't vital to sorting out our shit show of an economy . 
  yeah , that 's not economics , that 's folklore . 
  exactly the kind of ill conceived folk law that has got the working class voting for the tories . 
  please , this debate is pointless and your arguments are n't worth the time it takes to type them , just completely oversimplified tripe . 
  clearly we are n't because the debate comes down to how much we value university , you clearly not doing so as much as me , despite having never been . 
  ultimately , the real reasons for university are less obvious and can only been seen from the bigger picture . 
  history has shown us what happens when education is controlled , when anti-intellectualism is take seriously ( as it is in the uk ) , and when economy is put before the social good . 
  just look at the state of the uk these days and it should be apparent . 
  if want to put your income before that , go ahead , but imo you clearly do n't understand the importance of educating the next generation for society to improve rather than degenerate . 
  lol obviously i 'm backing the eu . 
  doing anything otherwise would be like going to watch batman and rooting for the joker . 
  [ this is how i imagine the may cabinet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vimnperddza ), 
  seriously though , the germans are strict about this right up until the moment where they 're going to miss a bus/tram/train , at which point it 's every man for himself . 
  exactly , clegg is one of the few politicians are is actually realistic and tuned into the global political landscape . 
  i mean the guy speaks five language and studied at the university that turns out the most eu politicians going . 
  everyone blamed him for the decisions made during the coalition but it 's not like the lib dems called the shots . 
  andrew neil on the other hand comes across as nothing more than a troll in this interview imo , rather than directly engaging with the issues he just throws out over simplifications and accuses him of being anti-democratic . 
  the even of political debate in this country is just dreadful . 
  what happened to interviewers who pressed for the real questions rather than just tried to make their opponent slip up by saying something in a way that allows journalists to twist their words and make them look foolish ? 
  ah yes , deregulation always works , seriously , just go live in the us you 'll be happier there and we 'll be happier without you . 
  question time is a joke now . 
  i remember how appalled i was watching the brexit debates . 
  there is no debate , it 's basically just two extremes taking turns to make sophistic argument at one another while everyone else either claps or jeers . 
  the fact is that you can stand up in question time and say a load of complete nonsense and nobody will actually challenge what has been said or discuss because they 'll want to move onto the next person . 
  it 's actually become nothing more than a platform for impressive sounding but completely unchecked political soundboarding . 
  to me it seems like the bbc 's idea of balance in reporting now is so completely post fact that it just involves ensuring that people on either side of the debate get equal time to speak . 
  so much of what went wrong with brexit was due to this approach . 
  brexiteers were given equal time to speak , which is fair , but nobody was calling them out on their shit , and nobody want engaging in enough detail to see why many arguments were nonsense . 
  the thing is , idiotic opinions do no deserve to be taken seriously or be given too much of a platform . 
  doing so only normalises and legitimises those opinions in the eyes of a public that is not able to discern the reality for themselves . 
  i met if we had a referendum on whether to implement national socialism in the uk , the nazis would be given 50 % of the stage time and by the end of it nazism would seem like a far more realistic and valid point of view in the eyes of a large swathe of the public . 
  purely from a usage level you 2nd example is really weird . 
  your first one means something like . 
  he was definitely at very least a good tennis player , and maybe even a great one . 
  the logic being `` he was 100 % definitely a good tennis player even if someone does n't rate them as great , but potentially some people might rate him as great '', 
  your second sentence therefore means . 
  `` he was definitely supposed to be their friend , even if you do n't agree that he was definitely supposed to be their neighbour , although some might agree , and even if you do n't agree he was suppose to be a human being , although some might agree . '', 
  as you can see it makes no sense , firstly , because as the other poster pointed the thing appears after `` if not '' has to be the stronger claim , secondly , because neighbour , which tends to be defined by residence rather than disposition , and human being are not things that there is room to disagree over , people either are or are n't human and/or your neighbour , there 's no room for debate in most contexts . 
  it 's very unusual to use two instances of `` if not '' in english as well , as it 's unclear what the second `` if not '' applies to . 
  `` he was supposed to be his friend , if not his best friend , if not a brother '', 
  just is n't clear because it seems to imply that if the person is not his best friend he must be his brother , but what if he 's just a friend , it 's hard to parse the meaning . 
  sure , i think it 's meaning can be discerned without too much struggle but it 's an uncomfortable sentence to read .
