  the indisputable facts are that gun control reduces violence and murder , leading to a safer society more conducive to happiness for all . 
  that is what legitimate studies find rather than pro-gun causes trying to fight obama 's legislation . 
  guns do not bring equality to people of less physical strength , nor do they take grandma any safer . 
  a home in invasion at your grandma 's house in a country with gun control goes like this . 
  thugs break in , your grandma comes downstairs because she hears a noise , the thugs knock your grandma down with a punch in the face , grab what they can and leg it . 
  there 's a small chance she 'll die from the assault , but it 's far more likely she 'll survive . 
  the same situation in a country with guns goes like this , thugs break in your grandma comes down stairs to see what 's up . 
  either the thugs put a round in her when she comes down because they 're paranoid and jumpy as fuck because they can legally be killed in this situation , or grandma puts holes in the intruders and we have some dead junkies , junkies who probably still had families that loved them despite becoming low life criminals willing to break and enter . 
  any sane society knows the former situation is better than the latter . 
  most people agree with this , especially those who have experienced both . 
  the common responses from pro-gun nuts is that a ) the junkies life is worthless , and we 're messed up for thinking his life was worth preserving , a simplistic black and white morality the bastion of morons for centuries who want to justify killing b ) the former situation is cowardly and letting the criminals win , leading to more crime , a stupid prideful emotional argument and also untrue in the sense it does n't lead to more crime . 
   you forgot the rape and beating , which may go on for hours . 
  absolutely not . 
  the majority of criminals are in it for profit and not perverse pleasure . 
  she might take a beating but the liklihood of them raping an old lady is miniscule even compared to the small chance of being a victim of being a victim of breaking and entering . 
  your few cherry picked examples at trivial in comparison to the number of people killed because of the availability of guns resulting in the escalation of criminal activity to lethal levels . 
  consult comparative homicide levels to see this , do n't forget the number of people killed in self-defence , and all the people who die accidentally due to cases of mistaken identity and poor gun management at home . 
   it is exactly as i said - with a gun , they are equal in terms of power . 
  ok in terms of ability to kill they are almost equal excepting issues like eyesight / physical frailty and so on , although i doubt your grandma is as proficient with a weapon compared to an american career criminal , i also doubt she 's as willing to kill with it . 
  so not totally equal . 
  however the overall gain of nobody dying in the former example outweighs any gains the latter has . 
   would have been beaten at the least, 
  possibly , although not definitely . 
   and raped, 
  the slight probability of that does n't justify the increase danger of both parties having guns . 
   and murdered at worst . 
  the slight probability of that does n't justify the increased danger when both parties have guns . 
   if you want to convince people that gun control is a good idea , you have to address people 's actual concerns . 
  i have you 're just unwilling to see it because you 're focused on improbable best case examples from your side and improbable worst case scenarios from my side . 
  the majority of crime is done for rational gain . 
  most breaking and entering is done by people looking for cash / valuables , it makes no sense to to escalate the situation by raping or risking a murder charge . 
  the point blank refusal to realise more criminals are rational entities is what allows bad logic to prevail , sure some criminals are just insane , but they make up such a tiny percentage that they should n't be allowed to skew the reasoning . 
  you may love your granny a lot and the thought that even a 0.01 % chance of her being raped / murdered is worth this massive % increase in fatalities in these scenarios overall , but that is letting your heart rule your head . 
  the evidence from societies that have successfully implemented gun control speaks for itself in showing that everyone wins more often when guns are hard to come by . 
  now if you wanted to argue that the us could not possibly implement gun control that would probably be the strongest counter argument , however that 's not what you are currently saying . 
  can confirm , white male anglo-saxon english protestant stock . 
  definitely from the west midlands, 
  no way . 
  100 % midlands , listen to how she draws out challeennnnnge, 
  absolutely not . 
  definitely midlands , no question !, 
  well it 's admirable that he wants to claim dual nationality and pretty smart , i 've seen first hand how difficult it is for non-eu citizens to travel long term in europe with all the visas and hoops to jump through . 
  although i 'm not sure he 's eligible . 
  the idea that they 'll give him a `` birth right trip '' is pretty comical , it 's not like israel is in a unique situation of wanting to fill up the country with jews from primarily european ethnicity countries . 
  the worst part is the google translate into slovenian , as if that would win him brownie points , google translate is remarkably shit at producing coherent language , everyone knows that . 
  maybe he 's just too dumb to know that or thinks the slovenians are n't switched on enough to notice haha, 
  ireland 's part of the uk right ? 
  i do n't think they pose a threat in the uk due to climate / fauna, 
  you may be a psychopath . 
  well that 's a historically inaccurate crock shite . 
  the german nation 's academic influence fell way behind around 1850 , and was constantly playing catch up to the uk in the industrial revolution . 
  it was n't until the very end of the 19th century that germany started to become a major industrial power , hardly overnight . 
  why have you gone back the this part of the conversation with your `` i 'm right , you 're wrong '' bollocks , nice to see your learnt to argue with five year olds . 
  i addressed everything you said in my last response and you did n't respond . 
   the german nation 's `` academic influence '' ( however you measure this ) was by no means `` way behind '' going into the 20th century ; i have absolutely zero clue how you 've come to that conclusion . 
  above all else rudolf virchow ( 1821-1902 ) and matthias schleiden ( 1810-1882 ) were the pioneers of cell theory . 
  it was a german doctor , robert koch ( 1843-1919 ) who proved germ theory . 
  however , even beyond theoretical biology , their achievements in engineering and philosophy were just unparalleled in this period . 
  actually at the start of the 19th century the german states were unparalleled in scientific contribution and fell behind as the century progressed playing catch up to britain in the industrial revolution . 
   you 're telling me the late-19th century/early 20th cent intellectuals like nietzsche , arthur schopenhauer , hegel , johann ficthe , fredrich engels , karl marx was germany being `` way behind '' in academic influence ? 
  yes the germans produced a lot of philosophy in this time , arguably part of their decline , due to other nations focusing more on commerce , economy and science . 
   ferdinand von zeppelin ( 1838-1917 ) , gottlieb daimler , rudolf diesel ( 1858 - 1913 , inventor of the fucking diesel engine ) , nikolaus otto ( 1832-1891 , inventor of the internal combustion engine ) , and karl benz ( inventor of first car powered by an internal combustion engine ) anyone ? 
  proves nothing , these were n't readily converted into actual industrial power like the steam engine was , sure they 're all good inventions but so fucking what ? 
  it means nothing in the grand scheme of things , any nationalist can start listing of their national achievements but it does n't make their relevance in a time period any more accurate . 
   i find it ironic you 're saying my post is historically inaccurate `` crock shite '' considering it is , like , you know , actual measurable fact that the german industrial output from about 1880 onward surpassed the entirety of the uk 's . 
  later than that , but it 's uncontroversial that it had surpassed britain by 1900 . 
  what 's a crock of shit is you trying to make out that germany was a great 19th century power , it may have been called that by some but it certainly was n't compared to britain or even france . 
  i 'm not saying accept my views . 
  i will say that your answer is completely emotional one . 
  imo it 's better that 1/1 ,000,000 grannies get raped than 500/1 ,000,000 die of either being shot by criminals , police , home owners or gun mismanagement . 
  i talk about homicide and deaths because regardless of whether gun control reduces or increase crimes ( i think it reduces it but that 's a different question ) , the principal of the argument is that the loss of life in a society with freely available guns and the right to use them in self protection can not be justified by any possible gains , either in reduced crime ( which i dispute ) or in some abstract notion of fairness . 
  in my opinion the world is run better by logic than by your crazy notions of rights and emotional feels about how your grandma has a right to defend herself and so forth . 
  you 're not even properly addressing my arguments so i do n't see a point of addressing yours fully either , if you 're going to stop reading halfway through a sentence because of your feels well this is a pointless debate . 
  unrelated the videos you linked were absurd , the people having their homes invaded did nothing but hide in a closet/bathroom essentially luring criminal in and then waste them . 
  seems like the narrative of paranoia and fear is way out of control in america if those are considered justified killings in the name of self defence . 
  i did n't suggest a causal relationship in the slightest . 
  i said `` arguably '' the german predominance of philosophy somewhat hindered them in making as much scientific progress as they could , although i doubt knowing such a thing is possible . 
   i just find it amazing that someone telling you about all the industrial breakthroughs made in a largely and predominantly rural country ; one that has n't achieved the urban crawl of england at this point in history , ` proves nothing . ', 
  the first , infantile automobiles , the first street car , the internal combustion engine . 
  so the italian had major breakthroughs in the 19th century too , but that does n't suggest they were particularly relevant . 
  you 're the one with your head up your ass pal . 
   it was still leading the world . 
  late 19th century germany was pumping out just about every famous intellectual we know . 
  no it was n't remotely leading the world . 
  which is the point you are making which is false . 
  the german states fell behind in the 19th century , that 's not leading the world , it 's playing catch up . 
   you just replied to all these people who are credited with earth-shattering scientific and engineering discoveries and either ignore them or say they do n't count to you . 
  italy had amazing breakthroughs too , but they were n't `` leading the world '', 
   you 're delusional and , based on your first post , gon na go with british nationalist . 
  you 're the german nationalist . 
  it 's clear that germany 's rise to power at the end of the 19th and beginning of the 20th century were contributing factors to ww1 , your portrayal of them as leading the world in the 19th century undermines that narrative . 
   so the germans were backwards and `` catching up '' academically but , by your own admission , were leading the charge in the realm of academic philosophy and in terms of inventions/feats of engineering along with being , at worst , top 3 ( though i certainly argue # 1 ... see the people i listed above that you just conveniently ignored ) in terms of intellectuals contributing to the field of science ? 
  how the fuck does that even make sense logically to anyone ? 
  german societies focus on philosophy and art is arguably , but not certainly , something that hindered them in the mid-19th century . 
  they were by no means remotely leading the world in science and engineering during most of the 19th century . 
   moving the goalposts dude ; we 're talking contributions to academia ; science , engineering , philosophy . 
  these things were definitive contributions ; it doesnt matter their immediate industrial impact . 
  no we 're talking about your suggesting that germany was a great power in the 19th century , it was n't . 
  it was the power vacuum they filled that explains the militarisation of the 20th century . 
  having great philosophers does not an industrial power make .
