  depends entirely on the landlord , if they over insure and do n't take enough risk their rental might become uncompetitive . 
   they can always boot out their tenant and move back in if things get tight , or downsize -- and if they need to move they can always rent their property out . 
  as a tenant . 
  your being booted out is not a cost , it will cost them to boot you out and find someone to pay more , not you . 
   you ca n't count `` moving '' as a homeowner only thing , tenants have moving costs too . 
  if they rent again they 'll have the letting agent fees ( rapidly increasing due to tenants having no ability to choose the letting agent ) vs. estate agent/legal fees ( rapidly decreasing due to the rise of internet estate agents/e-conveyancing ) -- you do n't pay stamp duty when you sell . 
  oh come on , the most i 've spent is maybe # 200 on fees when moving , it 's not that expensive . 
  in what world are you paying stamp duty on rentals ? 
   having to save up for large unexpected costs : no need , simply get an offset mortgage and every penny you save effectively overpays your mortgage ( tax free ) and can be withdrawn at any point -- zero risk ~ 4 % savings . 
  that is exactly the same as saving that money in a bank account and paying it into your mortgage later , minus a tiny bit of interest from the early payments . 
   : if you want a non-awful interest rate on your rental savings you still need to take risk . 
  if you dump it into the stock market , well ... that 's pretty well correlated with the housing market , if one collapses the other likely will also . 
  that 's just not true , the uk housing market can die but the korean one can be doing swimmingly , if you invest proper you can be protected against everything but cataclysmic economic event , even then whoever is managing your investment should be doing everything to minimise damage , the only real danger is long term under performance , whereas with a house you can lose a great deal if things go badly . 
   the other crucial difference over a stock portfolio is leverage , you can borrow 3-4x your initial investment with property , and when you sell you realise the gain on the entire amount , including the money that you borrowed -- tax free . 
  i really do n't get what your point is . 
  yes it 's tax free , otherwise you 're making no sense . 
  no offence , but this is exactly the kind of religious thinking about mortgages that people indulge in . 
  yes you get a vast deal more than your downpayment when you take a mortgage on a home , but you 're going to be in debt more than every penny you borrowed plus more . 
  tax free is only relevant if the returns on your assets as investor do n't exceed your tax free wealth increase from property ownership , the gain on the amount , as you put it , it entirely dependent on the housing market . 
   on the other hand , if your home gets repossessed you do n't lose the equity you placed into it , the bank will sell it for a fairish price , and you get the difference back . 
  i am wutting so hard right now . 
  an investment portfolio has absolutely no consequences if you do n't pay into it , that 's one of its major advantages , it 's risk free , the worst that can happen is that you do n't pay into it and end up slightly poorer long term as a consequence . 
  if you fail to pay into a mortgage you house gets repossessed then you lose a lot of money when they sell it for that `` fairish price '' which is typically a fair deal under the market value and the difference between you losing money or gaining money from your venture . 
  you 'll find that when you account for inflation that `` difference '' is actually a loss , since you should be comparing against what you would 've made with an investment portfolio and not what you would 've had if you 'd merely spent that additional income on nothing . 
  ca n't you see that that 's exactly the kind of thinking that the video is trying show is a bad idea . 
  this assumption that you ca n't lose with mortgages is just harmful to society . 
  but if the message is anything is simply sit down and do the calculations yourself , look at the behaviour of the property market in your area , look at you investment options , work out what is best for you . 
  there are circumstances when you 'd be better off not buying and instead focussing on saving . 
  so you essentially gambled when brexit could 've gone either way . 
  you 're chatting shit suggesting ordinary brits , many of whom have equity in their homes ( valued in pounds ) or little savings should 've been playing currency markets before brexit . 
  shut up . 
  you 're kinda talking out your arse there mate . 
  it 's not like the us is against thc . 
  i think indica strains are more popular amongst medicinal users , particularly those who are treating pain , insomnia and stuff , which might be why you think they 're more popular . 
  this is so stupid . 
  economics exists to meet needs , it 's a huge pyramid of people 's needs being met . 
  obviously it does n't care how those needs are met , it just cares that they exist and people will reciprocate . 
  what 's nut is anyone who thinks there are still people who think market forces will fix long term problems like climate change . 
  literally nobody thinks that asides maybe a few fringe economists who treat capitalism like a religion . 
  always had a few edl types about though . 
  even way before brexit . 
  britons should learn a foreign language and speak it in solidarity with the immigrants , i 'm sure that would piss the `` you 're in england speak english '' brigade a great deal . 
  i can barely be arsed responding to this . 
  it makes no sense . 
   mortgage rates are always higher than savings rates ( this is how banks make money ), 
  in what world do you live in where that is guaranteed fact . 
  you have a million saving options and they all offer different rates , the assumption that they are all lower than mortgage rates is ridiculous . 
  also that the assumption that mortgage rates will continue to beat a solid investment strategy in future for the rest of eternity is just foolish . 
   korea is n't in a a separate universe , markets are correlated, 
  most of the time no . 
  most economic downturns are n't global , but local . 
  yes markets are correlated , never said they were n't . 
   what world do you live in ? 
  your return is a direct result of the risk you are prepared to take , being `` protected against everything '' , meaning near zero risk , means near zero returns ( like that 0.5 % cash isa ) . 
  obviously it 's not zero risk , but you 'll hurt less from having a stock portfolio under perform than you will than betting on a single asset and then having the housing market collapse or having your house repossessed . 
  it would be impossible to invest wisely and then lose money , worst case scenario you get back less than you 'd hoped , but with a house things can go very wrong . 
   if you can put together a 7 % near risk-free portfolio then you 'd be beating every single bank and investment manager on the planet , and you 'd be a billionaire . 
  nothing is entirely risk free . 
  you 're deliberately misinterpreting my words to push your stupid agenda . 
  this is a pointless discussion , what 's so stupid about this is that you 're quibbling about facts specific to your own housing/rental market with see what the video is trying to tell you , which is for people to stop thinking religiously about mortgages and actually consider their investment options . 
  many people do not think clearly about mortgages and assume that they ca n't lose . 
  you seem outwardly hostile to even the remotest suggestion that there other options than a mortgage , seems like you 're trying to convince yourself more than anyone . 
   do n't seem to understand leverage either, 
  that 's cute . 
  ironically it 's you who does n't understand it . 
  leverage does n't even matter from our perspective , all that matters is the rate of return on investment and the net worth you 'll have down the line . 
  when you hand your money over to an investment fund do you think they 're not trading any of it on margin ? 
  all that matters is the difference between the net worth of someone who pays 500k into a mortgage over 25 years versus someone who pays 500k into an investment portfolio . 
  why ca n't you accept that the point of the video that people need to think about their options clearly rather than jumping straight onto the mortgage wagon which is exactly what caused all the trouble with subprime . 
   if mortgage rates were higher than savings rates you could take out a huge mortgage , and put it into the savings account and make a risk free profit at the bank 's expense , until the bank runs out of money . 
  except you can do that . 
  you borrow money to invest it , that 's literally exactly what you 're doing with a mortgage . 
  there are other loan interest beating investments other than houses . 
   your words : `` if you invest proper you can be protected against everything but cataclysmic economic event '', 
  this is as exactly the same thing as people saying `` housing always wins '' . 
  you are exactly as naive as those people . 
  except it 's not . 
  what is true , is that you can be better protected from major loses with an investment portfolio than you can with a house . 
  there 's always a chance you housing investment could go very wrong , and it hinges upon a single asset . 
  why the fuck do you keep interpreting my words black and white statements when they 're clearly not ? 
   i literally said unless you can meet a strict set of criteria you should rent . 
  why are we shouting ? 
  you seem so pissed off about this whole thing . 
  i 'm quite unsure what this discussion is about . 
   yes , but to get an equivalent level of return you have to take an equivalent level of risk . 
  this is called the efficient market hypothesis . 
  if you want 30 % return you might expect to get from house value increases then you 're going to have to buy into something risky , such as property fund ( exposing yourself to property ... ) . 
  if you 're content with 1 % then you can go and buy gilts . 
  no shit sherlock . 
  but diversification matters , if you 're borrowing 20 million you 're better buying 20 1mil houses than one 20mil house . 
   the difference is the leverage property provides, 
  why do you keep saying this . 
  we 've already established leverage is completely irrelevant here , all that matters is the rate of return and thus your net worth at the end of the 25 years . 
  leverage is to do with the how and not the what . 
  if you hand your cash over to an investment fund they will be leveraging your money when they feel it 's appropriate , roi is all that matters , what you end up with at the end of it all . 
   , the tax free nature of the gains on a primary residence , plus the fact you can live in it for free , which is a huge bonus . 
  where did i say it was n't ? 
  point it to look at the figures not just tell yourself these facts like it was a replacement for using a calculator . 
  you 're talking about regulatory forces on the market , rather than just free unconstrained market forces , which is what i 'm referring to . 
  yes of course , regulation forces the market to prioritise differently , it 's the only way to stop companies being environmentally detrimental , but a free market left alone will not achieve that .
