  fyi english is my native language , but i live abroad and occasionally settle for watching english stuff in german . 
  i do n't think many english speaker appreciate the quality of the dubbing though , because they 've never had to watch foreign media for an extended period of time . 
  subtitled are fine when you actually care what you 're watching and have n't watched a endless subtitled stuff in a row . 
  actually , it seems to be a trend that 's changing , more and more films seem to be opening westwards , starting in australia , going on the europe and the uk , and then finally in the us . 
  some stuff seems to just start in europe or the uk and then hit the us . 
  i have no idea why this is happening , maybe the studios benefit from it some how , gauging reaction in a smaller market prior to its reaching the us . 
  i 'm not complaining though , it 's nice for the shoe to be on the other foot . 
  damn , it 's not even been released in germany :( there 's no way for me to see . 
  i 'm pretty sure if the russians invaded the baltics then an eu army would be used . 
  obviously they 'd only be used if there was a universal threat to europe , which is pretty sensible . 
  that said , there are million ways an eu army could implemented in a way that reflects the bottom up power structure of the eu . 
  for example , forming an eu army organisation , having the respective military cooperate on tasks , standardising procedures and training , operating as one as much as possible , but also having each country have the final call in regard to control over there own forces . 
  that would mean that should france , the uk , and germany want to enter a coalition , but the netherlands , sweden , and poland do n't , then they 'll do so under their own national banners but in a way that makes cooperation between eu nations less problematic . 
  ultimately , any eu wo n't be something that is used for skirmishes but a red button in case of a universal threat to the eu and a way to encourage pan-european foreign policy . 
  there 's no way in hell that any european country is going to give up their final call on what the soldiers of their own nation should do , so really all this talk of an eu military mean nothing more than organisational unity ( as opposed to all national troops being subject only to orders coming from some bureaucrats in brussels ) . 
  an eu army could never be at the exclusion of national armies , at least no without a massive shift in the political situation , public opinion and consequent federalisation . 
  there 's no way in hell any eu nation is consenting to that . 
  it would simply be that there would exist many similar national forces and the possibility to call all of them together , assuming the consent of all 28 members , would be formalised in a treaty . 
  in a way this is already happening anyway , just in a way that most people are n't aware of . 
  the armed forces of europe collaborate a great deal , heading joint forces , policing shipping lanes , engaging in training exercises . 
  many practices are standardised as much as possible to ensure successful collaboration . 
  the uk is particularly fond of collaborating with the german bundeswehr , despite how much some britons like to harp on about the world wars , this would simply give a face to that international collaboration . 
  that just sounds weird . 
  in the angry video could can hear a bit of london coming out , it 's quite funny . 
  [ listen to this ] ( https://youtu.be/0auwpvau2ya?t=15 ) his accents all over the place , you can hear bits that sound like his british voice , but then he leans on all the r sounds , so funny . 
  uk did have a copy , but because the us government could n't find theirs they refused to recognise its validity . 
  i mean this is n't like contract law where there 's a higher ultimate authority . 
  treaties between nations cease to be binding the moment one party merely believes the other has ceased holding up their end of the bargain . 
  the whole thing was essentially a stitch up by the hoover administration who , not feeling bound by roosevelt 's decision , did n't want the british to have the bomb . 
  maybe because they thought that 30 years down the line britain may no longer be their ally . 
  maybe it was simply because they did n't want the british having that kind of hard power to influence the geopolitical scene . 
  anyway , the british got the bomb by the early 50s , so it was n't a particularly big deal , asides from cooling uk-us political relations for a bit in the post-war era . 
  they could always plunder the future of british nationals by raising fees and making the loans repayments less avoidable ... oh wait ... we already did that . 
  ah yes , uncontrollable , because in the mind of brexit fuckwits such as yourself the whole of europe is just dying to escape to our grey overcast island of small minds and big egos . 
  clegg knows europe backwards , and has experience with trade negotiations , unlike all the fucking tory pretenders , he was actually a real politician that understood the complexity of the issue . 
  it 's not about controllable , it 's about the fact it 's finite . 
  unlike like many deluded people seem to believe , most of europe is n't dying to get over here to work for 7 quid an hour and live in a shitty run down flat with over priced rent and sub par plumbing . 
  the few million europeans who do want to come here ( out of the 440 million total ) , contributed to our economy and made us richer , which means we have more money to spend on housing and the nhs . 
  the fact the our government critically under funds these areas is nothing to do with them . 
  we have no way to control immigration from ireland either , i do n't see you get all worried about `` lack of control '' on irish immigration . 
  what 's ironic and what brexiteers fail to understand ( along with most things ) , is that the government * wants * immigration . 
  they could have halved immigration years ago if they wanted with policy changes , but they wo n't . 
  nothing will change post-brexit either , they 'll spew some bullshit about caps , and then continue to let people in at the same rate as before . 
  whether the government theoretically does or does n't have control is not going to make one fucking jot of difference . 
  it 's nothing more than pr stunt to placate economically illiterate xenophobes who are angered and threatened by change . 
  the people who do n't want immigration do n't know their arse from their elbow , there 's a reason they are n't given the choice . 
  if they could vote for magic beans they 'd vote for that too . 
  having voted , nothing will happen , however instead of being part of a the european future , the uk will be a throwback on its outskirts . 
  brilliant . 
  how do the home office check residency by the way ? 
  the only time i 've ever even informed the uk gov that i live abroad was when i voted in the referendum . 
  there does n't seem to be a formal register or anything like that . 
  bit of both i believe . 
  the languages are very similar , and the most common foreign language speakers nepalese people encounter are hindi , so probably have experience with it . 
  ouch !, 
  actors are notoriously bitchy though . 
  thing is though , the data for someone who left the country and came back shortly before in order to get healthcare would probably look the same as someone who has recently returned to the uk for good after living abroad . 
  personally i think it 's terrifying to think that if i came back then i would be eligible for free care until i 'd been back long enough to convince some bureaucrat that i 'm truly resident . 
  yes , germany has a system like that , except you simply need to register yourself at the town hall as living there and you 're good . 
  makes me wonder why the uk does n't have that system , would make things very clear and defined . 
  i think it 's a fair generalisation , it does n't mean every actor/ess is bitchy , but the nature of the job makes actors very competitive i think . 
  it was simply bad media training on his behalf frankly . 
  it 's plain enough that if one thing is true it should be you who is keeping their cool . 
  pink hair ... self-proclaimed geek ... pretense of being more `` intellectual '' and smarter than average ... sorry but this is the trifecta of `` nope '' . 
  the kind of situation that makes guys do a u-turn out the door on the first date . 
  panhandlers seem to make a lot on the us, 
  make britain eurasia again !, 
  better than simply slaughtered i guess . 
  it was the most popular name in england , then english people spread out all over the world and bred and founded new countries where the most popular name is also smith . 
  the non-english heritage of the european people inhabiting most former british colonies is vastly exaggerated . 
  the foremost colonisers of the us were the english , despite how many americans want to pretend to be german or irish . 
  the is a correlation between paedophiles and positions of authority that actually has some backing . 
  authority gives paedophiles the access to children they need and the trust of other adults such that they able to carry out acts of paedophilia . 
  many notorious paedophiles have succeeded because they had authority , whereas many dumber less trusted paedophiles get caught immediately if they act on it . 
  there 's also the fact that rich and powerful people are used to getting what they want , so might be less inclined to subdue unhealthy and inappropriate urges . 
  rich and powerful people also tend to be more competent generally , so they are more able to successfully commit crime . 
  also , the film industry is quite scummy behind the scenes , lots of very rich people simply investing in films for tax reasons for whatever , lots of people on the other desperate for funding and work willing to turn a blind eye or allow some privileges to a big wig if it advances their career . 
  those rich people know how much power being able to make or break someone 's career gives them . 
  talent industries involving children have a unique power , because often the parents are so wowed by the money and prospect of fame for their child that they do n't want to believe that anything sinister is going on as it would threaten those things . 
  a sizeable share of parents that push their kids towards fame are abusive anyway , narcissists trying to live out their dreams through their children . 
  it 's a seedy business in many ways , you 're essentially exploiting the monetary value of child labour ( just in a way society does n't have a problem with ) , and like any seedy business it will attract a fair number of immoral people . 
  when you think about , doctors , politicians , respected teachers , all turn out to be paedophiles sometimes and they have to convince a hell of lot of people they 're normal to get into those positions of trust . 
  whereas the criteria for being a film producers is simply having money and connections , obviously they 're more likely to be bad people at a higher rate than doctors . 
  sadly , people 's delusions about the entertainment industry often makes them highly trusting of such people , since the whole industry seems so professional and established , but in reality they 're no more to be trusted than any rich business dude in a cut throat industry . 
  simply put , a film industry executive is probably no more likely to be paedophile than a bus driver , but the film executive has a hell of lot more possibilities to act on those urges in a way that they probably wo n't see ramifications from , and film industry executive is probably more likely to be a paedophile than a doctor , but is conferred a similar level to trust when it comes to access to a child . 
  legally recognised language in belgium . 
  chelsea where ? 
  seriously are we meant to magically know which chelsea you mean ? 
  ( fyi there are three `` chelseas '' in new york state alone , alongside the fact that loads of major cities have an area named chelsea ), 
  sounds like nyc needs better public transport, 
  i am chill , it 's still a dumb title , there are hundreds of chelseas around the world , hell , there 's 3 chelseas in new york alone . 
  `` explosion in manhattan '' would 've made a lot more sense . 
  would be chelsea , staten island ? 
  chelsea , duchess county ? 
  or chelsea , manhattan ? 
  all are in new york , and two are in new york , new york . 
  why not put manhattan in the title then , a place that everyone knows ? 
  in most big cities it 's the opposite , driving is what takes forever and public transport is how you get around quickly . 
  never heard of it . 
  no i do n't .
