  `` piss off '' was the standard response for the petty types that came along trying to enforce minor rules when you knew you were n't do n't any real harm . 
  the very austrian wittgenstein once had a borderline mental breakdown after someone threw up a two finger salute to him after a close collision with a bicycle . 
  the increasing corporatisation of space has been a big factor too . 
  as children we used to jump the fence of at the back of the house and play in the woods adjacent to the cricket pitch and have impromptu picnics while watching the matches , now that space is members only . 
  drink a beer in the park and the police will come and confiscate it as if you were a criminal regardless of how you conduct yourself . 
  the new britons look on and say `` quite rightly '' . 
  in fact , many people see people , particularly young people , hanging around and see there is something distinctly wrong with it or even fear it , as if they should by necessity be at work or in their homes . 
  we were poor but we made the most of what we had , we furnished our house with old bits from the jumble sale that gave it a unique and eccentric look . 
  now i see houses with endless showroom fitted kitchens and immaculately shampooed carpets . 
  britain has never historically loved order . 
  in fact it has celebrated disorder . 
  the english garden , as clich\u00e9 as it is to mention in the matter of british national character ( thank you schopenhauer ) , is seen as a celebration of disorder over order , in contrast to the french jardin , the celebration of man 's dominance over disorderly nature . 
  now we 're increasingly flirting with authoritarianism while many are unable to free themselves of some unshakeable nagging sense that bad things are going on and they must be put a stop to . 
  oh the essay is thoroughly socialist , but the propaganda methods going around now are highly complex and divisive . 
  stirring notions of distinct national characters that go beyond issues of policy and into differences in character and ideology are being propagated all over europe in an attempt to undermine the eu . 
  this is why it was suspect , but i accept your point . 
  i also do n't live in britain and you 'll find it does that to one , in that it will make you more aware of britain 's shortcoming ( now that you have a point of reference ) but also proud of what good things the nation embodies . 
  honestly i think requiring all britons to spend extended periods of time outside the country would resolve most of our political issues and catapult briton to a leading nation once again , sadly , such ideas are highly impractical :p, 
  no , not all brexiteers are racist , but all racists happen to support brexit , and that 's undeniable . 
  and what 's your point , that you can also use the logical formular `` not all x 's are y but all y 's are x '' ? 
  i can assure you it 's a logically valid statement . 
  no i 'm not . 
  the composition fallacy would be `` some x 's are y therefore all x 's are y '' . 
  all i did was assert the simple relationship of a one directional conditional . 
  it 's completely logically valid . 
  no offence , but the fact that you did n't realise your own statement was logically valid ( although perhaps not true given there are prisoners on day leave etc. ), 
  suggests you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  to make the difference clearer : `` all monkeys are animals but not all animals are monkeys '' is a fine logically valid assertion . 
  `` all monkeys are animals therefore all animals are monkeys '' is logically invalid inference . 
  because of what europe gives us in return ( freedom to live , work , and do business there ) and the fact that the eu as a whole is roughly economically equivalent to britain , albeit both richer and poorer in parts . 
  when morocco and tunisia reach the requirements i 'm sure they 'll be more than welcome to join the eu ( it 's not a club for white europeans ) . 
  also eu member states retain full control of their domestic immigration policy , meaning we could theoretically have both . 
  a large chunk of the british populous has decided that 's bad though for some reason , apparently before the immigration britain was a land of milk and honey . 
  nothing remotely racist about being in a political union with other nations . 
  no more than it 's racist of us to let scottish people freely work in england whereas do n't allow russians the same privilege . 
  my point is that racists pretty much exclusively support brexit . 
  yes it would . 
  if you said every metropolitan middle class cunt voted for remain , but not all remain voters are metropolitan middle class cunts , that would be fine . 
  although while it 's possible to be both metropolitan and middle class and also a cunt , i do n't think they have anything to do with each other . 
  ironic that the side what just voted to give a tory government more power than any government in 30 years is invoking the language of class struggle . 
  the eu is perfectly willing to expand outside of europe . 
  just because it has europe in the name does n't mean it limits itself to only european nations . 
  a name change is always possible . 
  you 're trying to present europe as some form of european continental nationalism which is so far from the reality as to be laughable . 
  it 's a relevant fact . 
  racists support euroscepticism , eurosceptics should ask themselves why , if they do n't feel it 's significant in any way they are free to disregard it . 
  i did n't say you thought it were racist . 
  but i did think you were the person i responded to so my apologies for that . 
  yeah but thought you were the person i responded to . 
  anyway , the eu is n't bounded by geography . 
  the policy has always been that countries outside of geographic europe may join if they wish and can meet the requirements ( although if they were in the pacific that might not be practical ) . 
  bovril drinking and racism are clearly unrelated . 
  i find it highly implausible that racism and eurosceptism are unrelated . 
  in fact , i find it highly likely that they are related in some fashion . 
  that 's why i pointed it out , to make people ask themselves the question of whether they are related . 
  i did n't even tell them what to think , i just pointed out a fact . 
  if that 's some kind of thought crime to you i suggest you see a shrink . 
  because there is a chance that racism and euroscepticism are related . 
  personally , i think they are . 
  in fact i think the only reason people are willing to accept the narrative that european migration has in any sense made things worse in the face of evidence to the contrary is because of inherently racist assumptions of vast swathes of the british public . 
  without this cognitive bias the narrative holds no sway . 
  that is my opinion . 
  that racism and euroscepticism are highly related , but rather than stuff my opinion down your throat , i point something out that would make people ask themselves that question . 
  is that allowed ? 
   because some racists are eurosceptic then you think that eurosceptics can be racist . 
  what the actual fuck . 
  that 's not the composition fallacy either . 
  if you do n't understand logic and its fallacies i suggest you state your opinion as you naturally would . 
  just to recap the concept :, 
  if i said `` all x 's are y therefore all y 's are x '' that would be the composition fallacy . 
  what you just said is `` some x 's are y therefore it is possible for y 's to be x '' , which is another logically valid statement . 
  you do realise you look silly making logically valid statements as examples of fallacy right ? 
  just to break down what you said again `` some monkeys are animals therefore it is possible for animals to be monkeys '' . 
  do you not see how this is logical ? 
  what 's also of note is that the proposition `` eurosceptics can be racists '' is hardly a controversial one . 
  of course eurosceptics can be racist , as can non-eurosceptics . 
  furthermore you 're characterising what i said completely wrongly . 
  if we spot a correlation , like that between racism and euroscepticism , in nature , we take that evidence of a possible relationship between the two . 
  as every good schoolboy knows `` correlation does not entail causation '' , but that 's no reason the dismiss the possibility of one . 
  such a relationship has to investigated empirically and derived inductively . 
  it can not be established deductively . 
  from what i 've seen , i personally do believe there is a significant relationship between racism and euroscepticism . 
  of most the brexiteers i 've spoken with , almost all seem to harbour some inherently racist/xenophobic/nationalistic beliefs even if they do n't openly identify as racist or perceive those beliefs as being racist . 
  but again , that 's my assessment of the situation , everyone is free to make up their own mind . 
  you mean you do n't speak intelligent english , which makes me wonder why you feel qualified to make decisions about the economy or britain 's geopolitical position in the world . 
  perhaps if you ca n't master language , you should consider the possibility that you 're better off sticking to your own problems and not deciding the fate of the nation . 
   wrong . 
  composition fallacy does not need to be `` all '' . 
  it simply means that you take the properties of some individuals of a group and then apply it to other members of the group . 
  it does not need to be all members of the group . 
  god help me here . 
  i really should n't be wasting time explaining logic to people but here goes . 
  what you 've said make no difference because all you 've done is reformulate the statement . 
  x here signifies some smaller group , whereas y signifies some larger group , of which all x 's are members . 
  if you want to introduce the quantifier `` some '' ( existential quantifier ) then it applies to y and not to x ( because we 've already established that all x 's are y ) . 
  let 's look at some examples :, 
  `` all x 's are y therefore all y 's are x '' or in natural language `` all monkeys are animals therefore all animals are monkeys '' . 
  this is the classical formulation of the fallacy of composition . 
  now all you 've done is rephrase this as :, 
  `` some y 's are x therefore all y 's are x '' which is just a logical derivation of the former , because we 've established that all x 's are y then we can logically derive quite validly that some y 's are x.
