  as it stands it 's overwhelmingly evident that leaving is a harmful move for the uk that 's going to set us back massively and nobody has any deal idea how it will ever benefit it us asides some vague notions of future export industries that do n't exist yet , and future trade deals we have no guarantee of signing . 
  what is right is that the government make the decision that safeguards the interests the british people in most secure way , and that decision is quite incontrovertibly remaining in the single market . 
  such a stupid mentality . 
  you might not like banks , i do n't like them either , but without them we 're are up shit creek without a paddle . 
  we will always need banks while with function within a paradigm of modern capitalism . 
  by intentionally harming the banks you are literally attacking your own wealth and savings . 
  now if you want to push the government to regulate them more effectively , to fight corruption , and to safeguard your savings better , then everyone who is sane and not a banker should be onboard with that ( although it 's an issue that the british public are absurdly apathetic about ) . 
  however , if you 're suggesting that we purposely destroy our own wealth and consequent quality of life simply because we do n't like them then you 're an idiot . 
  such a foolish position to take . 
  we are in a trading bloc with those countries with freedom of movement and that freedom of movement was reciprocal . 
  it would be unfair to allow non-eu immigrants when there are perfectly good countries that we are in a political and economic union with who are willing to come and work . 
  what we have is fundamentally fair and equal , what you 're suggesting is inequality . 
  we could never have that kind of reciprocal agreement with another country because we do not have political , economic and educational equivalency with those nations . 
  without a political union , such an agreement would ultimately be at the expense of one country or the other , and none of those other nations remotely desire to enter such a union with the uk . 
  you 're know what 's really unfair , when the welsh are allowed to work in england at the expense of good hard working indians !, 
  it 's an absolutely travesty !, 
  unskilled welsh labour coming into england when there 's educated canadians and koreans knocking on the door !, 
  how dare the british technocrats dictate that there should be equivalency and reciprocal arrangements between england and wales !, 
  there is demand . 
  i think many english teachers on here do n't have a clue what it 's like in europe . 
  many non-eu citizens simply hear that getting a visa is hard work and that the pay is ordinary relative to the cost of living and move on . 
  many do n't look past places like spain and italy either , either because the lifestyle appeals or they seem like the kind of places where english teachers wo n't be subject to harsh requirements . 
  the assumption by many is that if they are n't giving away visas like crazy to any native english speaker who wants one , and if there are n't recruitment companies ready to set you up with a job and accommodation before you leave home then there ca n't be a market for it . 
  so many people on this sub are unfortunately tourist workers looking for an easy way to experience a new culture for a finite time . 
  i can tell you what it 's like in germany . 
  the requirements are generally quite high , celta/tesol + bachelor 's / decent amount of experience with a company that is considered reputable in europe is recommended . 
  a master 's , a teaching degree in your own country , or a delta certainly would n't hurt either , but is n't necessary . 
  the vast majority of the work is freelance , meaning it 's a harsh job , but that does n't mean it has to be badly paid , it simply means you 'll be very reliant on your own ability to work . 
  rates range from anything from 16 - 30 euros per 45 minutes in my experience . 
  what you make of it is up to you . 
  i know some people earning 3000 a month this way , and i know people scraping by with 1000 , it 's entirely what you make of it , what areas you specialise in , whether you get lucky with a position . 
  [ buy this stuff ] ( http://img.dooyoo.co.uk/gb_en/315/food-drink/drinks/tesco-value-cola.jpg ) always embarrassing when friends came round . 
  yes , but it makes no sense for her to follow that mandate if it ruins her chances at the next election , and that 's ultimately all she cares about . 
  her solution is mostly likely to implement that mandate in a way that ensures the largest tory majority at the next general election and her own election as pm . 
  why would should blindly lead us into a hard brexit if it wo n't achieve that aim . 
  regardless of what you say they are real options . 
  what the eu actually said is that they wo n't compromise any of their key principles , such as freedom of movement for single market access , so in a sense any soft brexit option would n't be really be a brexit , as britain would remain subject to the vast the majority of things brexiteers were complaining about . 
  there are already members of the single market that are outside the eu , so there 's not like there is n't precedent for this . 
  britain would just have to leave the eu in a way the eu did n't undermine the principles of the eu and single market . 
  may is n't that dumb regardless of what a terrible person she might be . 
  pleasing the ukip crowd if it costs her a huge chunk of the remain supporting conservative party is n't in her interests . 
  may wo n't just blindly follow what some people see as a democratic mandate if it could harm her future electoral prospects . 
  throwing up her hands and saying `` that 's what you asked for '' wo n't win her elections . 
  furthermore there 's massive leeway in the interpretation of what the democratic mandate was actually for . 
  she 's clearly going to go with whatever she thinks will secure her power in the future , that 's literally a politician 's only concern , so a disastrous hard brexit that leads to huge political backlash is clearly not that . 
  from negotiations perspective it makes sense for her to show a willingness to hard brexit just as it serves the eu interest to deny the possibility of soft brexit . 
  if i were you i 'd pay less attention to what people are `` saying '' and more attention to what analysts determine to be outcomes that would serves the interests of both parties . 
  ultimately these can only really be hard brexit ( uk leaves eu and single market ) , soft brexit ( uk leaves the eu but meets all requirements for single market access including freedom of movement ) , or no brexit . 
  it really wo n't though . 
  please let 's act like adults here . 
  a major economic slowdown would massively threaten a tory majority . 
  nothing harms a political party 's prospects like bad economic fallout , especially when that economic fallout is harming the rich rather than merely the poor and disenfranchised , as this class of people tend to be massive influencers . 
  if it did n't lead to a labour majority it would at least lead to a vote of no confidence within the tory party . 
  i do n't deny that she 's an authoritarian , but she 'd be a fool to willingly tank the uk economy merely to acquire the ukip vote . 
  do you blame the tories for the referendum result ? 
  or the stupidity of the british people ? 
  congratulations you 're an idiot . 
  fool me once , shame on you , and all that . 
  so you 've lived in four geographically distinct regions of the us and feel entitled to speak for the whole us ? 
  while you may not have lived of them there are parts of the us where regional accents are far more prevalent than general american . 
  to those people the general american way of speaking will be an accent . 
  certainly , it 'll be an accent that such people have experienced , in media , outside their own region , and when interacting with the minority of speakers with that accent that live in their own region , but it 'll still be an accent to them . 
  if such people had n't ever been exposed to the general american accent at all then they 'd find it just as hard to understand as you might find their own accent , or even accents from further way , like northern irish . 
  there wo n't be an eu army if the uk is there to veto it . 
  furthermore , boris 's opinions on turkey are hardly of relevance . 
  there are a million obstacles to turkey 's entrance to the eu , i mean they literally just had an attempted coup and have `` cleansed '' their political structure of dissidents . 
  if turkey does join the eu we 're most likely talking 20 years , at which point we 'll be in a totally difference situation globally , and it will only permitted if that situation allows for it ( as all 28 members will have to agree ) . 
  i realise all of this . 
  but ultimately the tories might have lead us to the cliff face but it was the british people who jumped . 
  that 's the beauty of referendums politically , it gives governments a chance to absolve themselves of responsibility and place that burden on a public that largely is n't in the position to be sitting down and really thinking about it , nor in a position to look at all the data objectively . 
  firstly , calling this a `` norway '' or `` switzerland '' model is silly . 
  neither models are options for the uk , as there 's no reason to think they 'd be allowed them , nor is there any reason to think any soft brexit option would be identical to them . 
  the eu hates the switzerland model with a passion , and would never allow a repeat of that . 
  most analysts i 've read base their model off the status quo . 
  the trade off the eu could realistically offer is continued single market access in return for a status similar to that of norway , but ultimately a unique deal for britain , not eea membership . 
  the key issues would be freedom of movement , continued financial contributions , and following all eu legislation related to trade in the single market . 
  in return for this the uk would get fisheries and agricultural allowances , exemption from some aspects of eu legislation , but it would lose it 's political place in the eu . 
  logically it 's absolutely in the eu 's interest to accept a deal like this . 
  there 's absolutely no reason to think that joining schengen would be requirement the eu would insist on given that the status quo is currently that the eu is outside of schengen . 
  it simply would n't be in their interest of the eu to insist on this point and threaten the deal . 
   the trading bloc demanded freedom of movement . 
  i did not like that . 
  i voted against the trading bloc . 
  ` perfectly good countries ' - eh . 
  maybe . 
  i do n't really care . 
  does n't mean they should get preferential treatment . 
  how on earth is what is being suggested by me ` unequal ' ??!!, 
  why on earth are you suggesting they are getting `` preferential treatment '' . 
  is it that hard to comprehend a simple and equitable exchange of access to their countries in return to access to our country ? 
  if you buy something from a shop , exchanging money for food for example , is the shop showing preferential treatment when they hand the food to you and not to anyone else ? 
  is the person standing next to you , who has n't handed over any money to the shopkeeper being treated `` unfairly '' and `` unequally '' when you the shopkeeper does n't give him your meal instead ? 
  what you 're saying is madness . 
   but i also believe that that reciprocity should n't be extended to any country - be it within the eu or not . 
  you can decide that if you want , but you have n't yet given one valid reason why not , especially not when it 's benefited the uk so greatly with talent and economic growth . 
  i have literally no clue why you would n't want that , it seems like there are no legitimate reasons to believe it has n't benefited the uk immensely . 
   so the only way was to pull britain out and treat all other countries fairly and equally . 
  we 've already established that there 's nothing unfair or unequal about an equitable exchange , so your point makes no sense . 
  btw , let me explain to you how immigration typically works . 
  labour sectors wherein supply can not meet demand sponsor visas for immigrants to fill these labour gaps .
