  well that 's your fault for not drinking is n't it . 
  you 'd be wrong . 
  you could 've , drinking is part of the culture but it is n't the culture . 
  you could 've nursed a pint or two and joined in , or even a j2o . 
  additionally almost everyone who drinks has interests outside drinking . 
  i 'm afraid all you 've done is used your non drinking as a scapegoat . 
  insisting that the pub is a place to get drunk , wrong it 's just a social place like a caf\u00e9 or any other , that 's what 's part of the culture , not mandatory intoxication , and so is sports and so is dancing and dining and everything else . 
  bore off , your failure to mix is nothing to do with your not enjoying drunkenness . 
  the only place in world that not drinking could be as exclusionary as you make it out to be is freshers year at uni , the real scottish culture is nothing like what you 've described and i can only put it down to your own invented justifications . 
  of course i have heard of asexuality , it 's been a word in the english language for a long time . 
  i merely think it 's utterly ridiculous trying to make sexual identity of it . 
  even worse that some tumblrite can make a cartoon with a cartoon hipster smugly going on about it and it gets up votes . 
  in the real word there two things to do if you do n't feel sexually attracted to people , one , see a therapist , two , be happy and do n't worry about it . 
  this generation seems to want to make a little club out of every facet of their existence though ... 
  it 's already a word , even my grandparents would use it . 
  not all of us live in places where car jacking is a thing . 
  all the frenchies are probably sitting around going `` zut alors !, 
  wut are oui to do !, 
  zey av discovered our secret ! '' ... 
  no actually they 're probably all weeping for the reputation of their once great drink . 
  stop triggering me, 
  man does n't anyone get tired of this joke . 
  what i think is funny is that imperial is the old fashioned british system of measurement . 
  yes that 's right the legacy of your old colonial masters . 
  which is why the uk is only really half metric and still has a lot of imperial stuff like temperatures often having both celsius and fahrenheit so the old people can understand , signs are still in miles , speed limits in mph , people talk about being 6ft and not 182 cm , people weighing themselves in stones and pounds ( stones being something you guys apparently forgot about ) . 
  yet there 's the metric system , invented by your old allies the french around the time of their revolution and american independence , being dismissed in the us as a commie contrivance designed to steal the souls of hard working god fearing patriotic americans !, 
  it makes no sense i tells ya !, 
  heeeeeeeey, 
  you have what seems to us like a very strange mentality towards religion in the us . 
  a nation founded by people who were often christian religious minorities , with the principles of religious freedom at the heart of it . 
  trying to get away from the catholic/anglican/lutherian religious hegemony in europe . 
  the concept of the separation of church and state . 
  the laws keeping religion out of schools . 
  all pretty alien to european culture . 
  yet we on the whole are less religious and give less of a shit about these things . 
  which means fewer people care about its being called christmas . 
  it 's part of our cultural history . 
  even if you 're not christian it 's still an integral part of your national history . 
  it seems that simply because americans on average take these religious ideals more seriously they are more taboo . 
  they must be superficially veiled lest they be perceived as culturally enforced . 
  you guys come across as touchy on the issues of religion and race to us frankly . 
  it 's just one of those weird cultural differences we all have . 
  it 's the right of every american man to pick and choose a woman of foreign origin , two words for you `` green card '' , clearly the yuropoors are all desperate to leave their native socialist heckholes for the greatest country on earth !, 
  `` yeah , yoright ? '', 
  is my go to . 
  seriously do fuck off . 
  the uk is not behind the us at all , it 's its own culture with its own trends and does n't just mindlessly follow the us . 
  this is the nation that still uses signatures and unencrypted data for credit cards . 
  unbelievable the arrogance coming from you . 
  glad someone gets it . 
  sounds like / u/wagondredgehead is exaggerating the importance of drinking in a culture that involves drinking . 
  i did a number of years as a non-drinker and still managed to have fun in pubs and clubs with mates . 
  i was a bit disappointed with it to be frank . 
  most because the song is repetitive as hell . 
  thank god i wo n't have to hear it . 
  quickly silence !, 
  lest you give fodder to the separate taps anti-uk brigade . 
  learn to love you separate taps like you love the queen . 
  it 's what every patriotic ( not paytriotic ) briton should do !, 
  you should see the germans when a new till is opened . 
  dear god , i do n't think they 've ever seen a single queue alternately splitting for two cashiers . 
  it 's every man for himself rushing for a new queue that is immediately formed , first come first served indeed , and they call themselves civilised !, 
  yes , because i 100 % believe that people think that way . 
  that is my legitimate thought on the matter . 
  there was no element of humour to that statement at all . 
  sounds super ethical . 
  a better idea might be to put less people in prison or less time and focus on driving down recidivism rates . 
  when you say it like that you 've got a point . 
  baratheons come from south of the capital , close to king 's landing and the reach , north of dorne . 
  it makes no sense that their accents would be similar to the starks . 
  it works like this . 
  `` the '' is sometimes dropped completely . 
  the glottal stop is the elision of to and the which comes out like t ', 
  no t-glottal is `` to the '' not `` the '' . 
  - t is sometimes added to the end of words when `` the '' would normally follow but they 're not he same thing . 
  the rest of the country does n't even know what a brummie accent is frankly . 
  they only know black country . 
  pretty sure innit is short for `` is n't it ? '', 
  yeah sure buddy , come back when you 've got some decent operas that do n't sound like shit . 
  man you 're full of shit . 
  yanks on average have shitter teeth because it 's so expensive . 
  you 've missed the point . 
  it could be that the sensory experience of hearing middle c to me could be identical with what you experience when hearing c an octave lower . 
  we 'd still have the same aural abilities , identify notes as higher and lower , but we 'd be having different qualitative experiences . 
  same with colour , we could be seeing different colours when blue frequency light enters our eyes , but we 'd be functionally the same . 
  that 's like asking science to guess what animal i 'm thinking of right now . 
  it 's not possible . 
  that does n't disprove anything . 
  there 's nothing to say that perceiving the colour differently would entail anything would change aesthetically . 
  for example green and purple do n't go , and blue and white do go . 
  but maybe your sensation of green = my sensation blue , and your sensation of purple = my sensation of white . 
  but it could just be that when whenever a combination of purple frequency light and green frequency light enter either of our eyes we experience discomfort , so we learn to say those two colours do n't go together , regardless of the sensation we attach to that physical event . 
  sure if you saw the world through my eyes or i through yours the world would look garish and unnatural , but whilst we 're both using our colour experiences coinciding with the experiences we 're used to , there 's no reason for us to disagree on anything aesthetically . 
  yeah so stupid there 's a whole section at every university dedicated to it . 
  the only stupid thing here is what you just said . 
  that 's not really the point . 
  imagine the world is like a computer game . 
  to save processing power it does n't generate the whole world simultaneously . 
  so you 're playing this game and you 're in the starting area and it 's cool and everything , but then you run off and do some quests and time passes in the game . 
  while you 're off on your missions the starting area is n't being generated , it does n't even exist .
