  i 'm all for it !, 
  what exactly are you meant to do with the mustard ? 
  mustard with brezeln is not something germans do . 
  germans with sniper rifles be scary !, 
  you could teach yourself to do this with german in a matter of days i reckon , only really need to learn 3 new vowels and a consonant , no diphthongs that do n't exist in english , although it lacks certain english vowels and would just look like terribly spelt english if you tried to make a secret message with it . 
  e.g ju kud tietsch jur\u00dfelf tu du tis wid dscherman in \u00e4 matter ow dees ei rekkon . 
  jungle kinda evolved into jump up by the 2000s , characterised by big basslines and mcs . 
  yes, 
  bread and mustard ? 
  it just seems so wrong :3 give them some butter or something !, 
  and americans complain when we put maize on pizza ; o, 
  cos as a sassy bottom bitch all the straight men would want to fuck you , right ? 
  says more about the average turkish man 's sexuality than the you tbf . 
  totally straight guys always have a problem with the guys who like to bugger each other . 
  seriously they totally care want some random guys are doing in the dorm next door . 
  it 's constantly on their minds , eating away at them , just thinking about the cock in anus action they must be getting . 
  keeps them awake at night . 
  the real gays are probably keen to sign up , ca n't wait to get their hands on some macho army cock , meanwhile the conscientious objectors are posing like they 're taking it up the ass . 
  yeah , maize is yellow stuff on the plate . 
  i guess american mustard is quite sweet , but i 've never eaten it with just mustard before , usually obatzda or some other soft cheese , quite nice if you slice them flat and butter the middle to make a butterbrezel, 
  maize on pizza is pretty normal in the rest of the world , it 's slightly sweet but not overpoweringly so like pineapple . 
  just adds to variety , one of my go to pizzas is tonno with maize . 
  the difference to me is that lobsters and crabs have a nice meaty flesh instead their shells , insects might have this too but it 's too small to actually distinguish from the rest of them . 
  i 'll eat virtually anything to be honest . 
  although i 'd draw the line at eyeballs / brains , just because they look so grim when prepared . 
  the only foods i do n't eat are ones that give me the runs the next day . 
  ironically this usually is n't stuff like curry or chilli , that 's fine provided it 's with rice / bread or smthg . 
  no , what i would n't eat is like a whole jar of pickles , as delicious as that is , because pickled veg in sufficient quantities goes through me faster than anything , same goes for large quantities of salad , i have to make sure to eat other stuff alongside salad to even it out , i could never be a vegan , i do n't understand how these people ever risk a fart with the quantity of fast moving fibre they must be eating . 
  whenever i eat i always make sure to try to get a balance of protein , carbs and veg so i good the next day . 
  fair enough , you have your views , personally i think those bits were just superstitions they tacked on to the bible because they were common practice at the time . 
  pork , shellfish and rabbits are delicious . 
  how do you feel about menstruating women ? 
  to me it just smells like fish , not really a bad smell . 
  i also really like it because it 's like pure protein , it feels to nutritious when you eat it . 
  i found the biggest conflict was that although my parents could do the problems until i was about 13 / 14 , they never knew the school approved way of doing it . 
  they just be like , well the answer is this , then i 'd be like that does n't help because we have to show working . 
  even the methods they 'd learnt as kids were different because of [ `` new math '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wiwaj0sy03g ) . 
  keep true !, 
  to be fair , my dad is pretty smart , he could recite poems he 'd learnt when he was 13 , tell you loads of trivia he 's picked up his life , he 's just incredibly lazy and childish along with it . 
  ruined all his relationships , and spent every bit of money he earned as soon as he got it , barely followed through with anything his whole life . 
  it took me a while to understand that being smart is n't that useful unless you have the other things that should go with it . 
  exactly , everyone says they 're just going to try it once , but it 's so much fun they do it again , before they know it they 're taking it every weekend , and from there it 's like , well i 'll just take a little bit during the week to taper off the come down , soon enough it 's everyday and then you 're fucked . 
  when the doc gave me an opiate after an operation i felt both to be honest . 
  it reminded me a bit of mdma , that kind of blissful warm rushing feeling you get when coming up , but a lot more sedate because coming up on mdma tends to make you a bit anxious at first . 
  however i also felt nauseated and itchy . 
  i assume the side effects go away after repeated usage . 
  all the countries of europe , all the counties of the uk and the all the us states . 
  i test myself probably once every couple of months to keep it fresh . 
  i also learnt the entire st crispin 's day speech but i did n't refresh it so i 've forgotten it , god knows how stage actors do it . 
  yes , this is true , which why i think they 're just tacked on local customs . 
  circumcision was probably wise back when did n't have much opportunity to wash too . 
  i feel like this is a common thing in series made in the us . 
  amazing production , really strong start , but they do n't go anywhere . 
  i do n't know if it 's having so many different writers working on the projects , or that the networks demand so many episodes in a season . 
  where is would ? 
  i feel like this was just designed for dads to troll their children with terrible music . 
  does n't matter if you started it you still got to pay for it . 
  `` no military protection without taxation ! '', 
  there 's some truth in it , although in reality it 's a lot more complicated . 
  from the way the american school books tell you 'd think the colonists had it bad under the british , in reality they were n't really any worse off than the british people at home . 
  it definitely was n't the noble ideological struggle some people believe in . 
  but the unofficial american history that 's assumed by most uneducated americans is not what is even written in the american history books , it 's almost like a folk history for people who do n't read history . 
  for example , people thinking that 19th century us was these brilliant melting pot , where anyone could make it rich , when in reality being irish or catholic or jewish in those days pretty much made you a second class citizen , many of the founding fathers hated anyone who was n't of british descent , even the protestant germans were seen as a nuisance , they basically wanted to make britain 2.0 . 
  many uneducated people in the us want to believe good stuff about their country , and so they 've created a story where america is always the good guy and enemies of america are these cartoon bad guys . 
  did you know that between 1980 and 2011 america lost 25 million americans of british descent , despite population growth ? 
  people just stopped acknowledging their british heritage simply because of the power of these narratives and their grasp on the public imagination . 
  you 've got to blame hollywood and mel gibson really . 
  in the census americans are asked to report their heritage , irish-american , german-american and so forth . 
  between 1980-2011 25 million fewer americans described themselves as primarily of british descent , while the number of irish-americans for example only grew . 
  if anything this represented the change in the narrative of american identity , simply put , it 's become a lot less appealing to many americans to identify with their british heritage , and i believe that this is good indication of the changing folk history narrative that ties in with the american national identity . 
  as the political atmosphere changes , and more and more imperialism is seen at terrible thing ( quite rightly ) , the image of the history of america in the public imagination changes with it . 
  america wants to see itself as throwing off british imperialism as ireland did , when really it was n't remotely comparable ( comparing the taxes on the north american colonies with the suffering of the catholic population of ireland really just offends the irish ) , and it wants to see itself as nation founded on racial egalitarianism , which of course it was not ( slavery , treatment of minorities , native american genocide ) and so forth . 
  funny how you think he 's saying `` fawl '' when new yorkers say `` fall '' with a separate vowel like in other countries but most of the us says `` faahll '' so that foll , fawl , and fall all sound alike . 
  if you ask me it 's the new yorkers / east coasters who say `` fall '' as it 's written , and other american dialects who are saying something else . 
  i disagree , the `` prank '' was shitly executed but that guy did n't have to act so butthurt about it . 
  he could have made a witty quip about the crappy prank but instead he looks offended as if it affected him in any way whatsoever . 
  prankster - 0 , mcdonald 's employee - 0 if you ask me . 
  edit : lol the humourless fucks are out in force today i see . 
  yes the prank was shit , but that mcdonalds employee 's reaction is like the prankster had just let out a massive fart . 
  so what if they guy wants to get get ice cream all over his face / car , that 's no reason for the employee to be annoyed . 
  my parents did n't raise a mcdonalds worker who seems legitimately annoyed when people smash ice cream into their faces so at least they 've got that going for them . 
  either way , he seems to care way too much what someone does with their ice cream after they 've paid for it . 
  i do n't know . 
  what do you think all those rural communities in the us were doing between 1776-1900 ? 
  i think the british are inbred thing comes from the royals/aristocrats who were always inbreeding to keep their estates in one piece . 
  yeah exactly , they 're talking about conquering the whole world , when a combined effort of multiple countries with billions behind them struggle to occupy an area with a few angry farmers with aks and rpgs like iraq . 
  [ here 's a link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qseg69d3cq8 ), 
  as a non-musician , die zauberfl\u00f6te will forever be one of the most stirring and beautiful music i 've ever heard . 
  there 's something about beethoven and mozart that is so universal , everyone from the musical genius to the non-musical person can enjoy . 
  now if you threw something like mahler out there , while it 's surely the work of a genius , it 's just does n't appeal at the same base level to those without a musical background . 
  sadly only a head shop . 
  the german government just yet again rejected a proposal to have cannabis recognised as having medical value except in a very narrow range of ailments . 
  i think another problem is the adversarial legal system . 
  all it really does is incentivise prosecutors to push for the harshest penalties as this will further their career and get them known as a hot shot prosecutor . 
  a bad defence and a strong prosecution can really leave some people in the shit . 
  civil law ( roman law , not the same as civil law under common law ) countries often have far more just systems because the focus is on arriving at the truth of the facts rather than convincing a jury of that either the prosecutor 's or the defence 's versions of events is correct . 
  still think about it , every country has every sport in some form or the other . 
  in the uk there are basketball teams , baseball teams , and american football teams , they 're just minority sports . 
  in the us there are cricket teams , rugby teams . 
  they 're just not good enough to get much exposure .
