   workers rights are not under threat , not without your mp voting for it at least, 
  this is like saying , `` your house is safe and in no danger of falling down , unless the walls made of paper collapse '' . 
  what are you going to tell us next `` your worker 's rights are no under threat unless the sky is blue '' , there 's an easier way to say this `` your worker 's rights are under threat '' . 
   the uk should be allowed to set up trade agreements with whoever it wishes, 
  first off , the uk is able to set up agreements with whomever it wishes , it just happens that it 's already in a trade deal , a trade deal that is very profitable and beneficial for the uk , and a condition of remaining in that trade deal is that it does n't sign any trade deals with anyone else . 
  the problem with your argument is that it shows a complete lack of understanding of global economics . 
  the single market is a huge free trade area . 
  to have a functioning free trade area you ca n't have each country signing its own trade deals . 
  the whole point of a free trade area is that business must be able to compete on equal terms within it . 
  if the eu allowed the uk to enter any deal it wanted then it would rush to undercut other nations by using its global influence to sign favourable deals with cheap economies like china , the germans would then not be able to compete with british and their industries would shrink , in retaliation germany might use it 's influence to sign a different deal with india , and then they 're poach some british industry by undercutting it . 
  it would just be an all our trade war . 
  furthermore , such a system would be all round worse , because britain might steal an industry and then be objectively worse at it , and germany might steal an industry and be objectively worse at it , because of the price differences the quality would n't matter , so instead of capitalism leading us forward with more competitive better products , we race to the bottom , cheaper , inferior products and lower standards overall . 
  this being the case why on earth should the uk be able to sign deals with whomever it want , when it makes everything worse for everyone overall ? 
  i mean this is the most fundamental fact about capitalism that brexit supporters do n't seem to get . 
  capitalism improves society through competition , the best shoemaker gets business because they make the best shoes at the lowest cost . 
  the more shoemakers competing on an even playing field , the more efficient our shoemaking becomes , and consequently you can afford 10 pairs of shoes whereas your granddad could only afford 2 . 
  when we entered the eu we made a huge level playing field , meaning everyone could do what they were best at , however we 're leaving that and going back to a crap inefficient system where only 64 million people compete with one another and anything from outside comes through tariffs , meaning in the future you 'll only be able to afford 6 pairs of shoes . 
  why do you want fewer shoes ? 
  what possible benefit could that bring ? 
  sure it might bring back some old industries that the uk has lost to overseas , as due to tariff it will become more competitive to do this work inside uk borders , but overall we 'll inevitably have less , so while you might create one new job in coal mining you 'll lose 3 in another industry that is suddenly shrinking because the eu are bring their jobs home as well . 
  i wish the british schooling system spent more time on economic principles . 
  i 'm pretty sure we would n't be in this situation if even half the british public had a remote understanding of how free trade works , of how we are all immensely richer for much of europe functioning as a single economy rather than a set of disparate ones , of how we benefit from putting our collective interest above our individual national interests , and of how having things like pooled sovereignty in the eu , a european court , freedom of labour , and all nations following the same trade deals within the eu are necessary components of this system that brings us such a huge benefit that it works out better than doing everything on our own . 
  i see so many brexiters calling remainers `` left wing '' , yet brexit goes against the very fundamentals of economics . 
  if brexiteers really were right wing , then they 'd understand these basic principles that dictate how the money you get from your boss is able to be exchanged for things you want and need . 
  i guess so . 
  she has a strong general american accent . 
  you know , when someone like mark carney , says to me `` brexit will harm the economy '' , then i 'm quite happy trusting their analysis . 
  i 'm not claiming to be an economic or political expert , but literally everyone who was n't an economic or political expert should have been listening to the experts . 
  that 's how i function . 
  if i do n't feel 100 % confident about my own knowledge of something , i defer to someone who does , i do n't just choose an opinion on the basis of some emotion some empty rhetoric inspired in me or some ill put together reasoning of my own devising . 
  no it 's like saying something tastes very strongly of apples , whereas southern american english might be bananas , and australian english might be mango . 
  the only reason you perceive her accent as rice cakes is because you 've heard that accent all the time . 
  in the same way that if you live somewhere with a strong smell of a certain flower you might not notice it after a while living there , whereas new comers will be shocked by the smell . 
  to me her accent sounds very strong , so strong it may as well taste of chocolate or chilli . 
  if i heard in the street it would stick out like a sore thumb as a strong accent , whereas for you it might sound `` standard '' , but that 's purely a product of the region your grew up in . 
  to put this in context , to me it sounds like her accent is correlating completely different sounds with the letters words she 's reading from what i 'd expect , in the same way that you might experience when hearing a scottish accent or a jamaican one . 
  it does n't even matter whether it 's just america or not . 
  to someone who lives in the appalachian mountains , she still has a very strong general american accent . 
  there 's nothing inherently `` weaker '' or `` less pronounced '' about her way of speaking than that of a new yorker . 
  it 's just sounds correlating mouth sounds with words at the end of the day , and her choice of sounds are her accent , which is just as strong or weak as anyone else 's . 
  she has a pronounced general american accent , and that 's an accent at the end of day same as any other . 
  i know what he said . 
  he said `` you ( informal ) wanker '' and then he said `` you ( formal ) wanker '' . 
  this is how i would explain it to someone who does n't speak german . 
  i would say he said `` you wanker '' twice , once using an informal mode of address and then again using a formal mode of address . 
  i would n't make up non-equivalencies like `` wanker , sir '' or `` mister wanker '' , as these all have other meanings attached that `` du '' and `` sie '' do not . 
  `` wanker , sir '' sounds way too militaristic and subservient , and `` mister wanker '' just sounds really childish and silly . 
  why patronise people with false equivalencies when you can explain what was actually said . 
  i sympathise with it , and i can understand why people `` feel '' that way . 
  however , we need to try to convey to people the truth , that they do n't have `` nothing to lose '' , and yes things can get worse . 
  we should all be addressing this disenfranchisement in society , but self-mutalation is not the answer . 
  is that meant to be logical ? 
  should we really be dismissive of the wants and needs of our nation 's youth simply because the law is a certain way . 
  if we made a law saying the wants and needs of some other group will be disregarded in a future decision would that be tolerated ? 
  `` because the law says so '' is never a good political argument . 
  politics makes laws , not the other way around . 
  to be honest i think if there were a 2nd referendum a lot of lazy status quo supporters would turn out and vote remain . 
  i know a lot of people who simply are n't particularly political who did n't vote because they lazily assumed remain would win anyway . 
  it 's not a game with winners and losers . 
  i 'm just pointing out that for subtitles translators often rely on these false equivalencies to make the conversation seem natural to the person reading the translation . 
  for example , when you see us comedies dubbed into german , the translators often play it fast and loose with the translation so it will either make sense or be funny to a german audience . 
  however , if you really want to explain what was said then you can go deeper that with a more fleshed out translation . 
   vast majority of our financial service sector ( and service sector in general ) is domestic , serving the domestic economy . 
  ah yes , we can just sell each other things and our economy will never run into trouble , i wonder why people in poor countries never thought of this solution . 
  you live in a capitalist society . 
  you use banks , they have your money , they give you mortgages , they protect the value of your money . 
  the banks interests are in many ways your interests . 
  when they take a hit your money become worth less than it was before , so yeah , unless you 're suggesting a radical system like nationalising the banking system and going full socialism you should n't be making such blas\u00e9 remarks . 
  and it 'll only take a decade of reduced economic growth and greater poverty for the market to adapt , brilliant . 
  the bank of england 's responsibilities are to its stock holders and not to the government . 
  it is a very important division of power in our modern age , not a conspiracy theory . 
  such divisions of power increase investor confidence , and they know that the government does n't have fine grained influence over monetary policy . 
  when even sky news is reporting this stuff it amazes me how any brexiteer can remain optimistic . 
  everyone who owns uk bonds or sterling is essentially `` invested '' in the bank of england , that 's all british banks , many foreign banks , and just about everyone . 
  just because it goes through the treasury does n't mean the treasury owns it , that ultimately comes down to whose interests the bank serves , and it 's not the treasury 's or the government 's . 
  i 'm not some conspiracy theorist , claiming that the bank of england secretly serves the interests of an elite cartel , but it remains that this division of power exists for a reason , and considering the bank of england a government owned institution that is subservient to it totally denies this division of power . 
  i do n't know . 
  we 'll wait and see how stupid and self-interested tm actually is . 
  what happens over the next 3 years could lead almost anywhere . 
  ultimately she wo n't win herself any long term popularity if she tanks the economy and alienates 48 % of the electorate . 
  we can change the past . 
  we can simply not leave the eu and protect our livelihoods . 
  self-denial is certainly easier for some than admitting they were strong , that they were sucked into a romanticised narrative that it felt good to support when in reality they had no idea what they were voting for . 
  well you 're 26 . 
  you still have time to educate yourself about prevailing geopolitical economic theory and see why your arguments for brexit do n't hold water and why nothing good will come of it ever . 
  i suggest you read this read very thoroughly and consider why statements like `` britain will be better off trading freely with the world '' are simply untrue . 
  it all part of that glorious control we 're bringing back . 
  now we are free to control how many of us get cancer by bringing back cigarette marketing . 
  going against a non-binding referendum , sure , it was little more than an opinion poll from a legal perspective . 
  there is absolutely nothing sacred about direct democracy , in fact it 's a something that very much contravenes traditional british values and british representational democracy . 
  i 'm only a few years older than you . 
  i was merely pointing out that at your age you 're capable of learning and educating yourself . 
  there is still time for you to acquire the understanding that will allow you to see why the argument you 've put forward is false , whereas for older people , learning and changing their mind on certain things is often off the agenda . 
  for the love of god educate yourself about the fundamentals of markets and economics and stop spouting this empty rhetoric , learn things that are true , for example , how bad britain 's trading prospects will be outside the eu , rather than repeating the lies brexiteers have told . 
  honestly , she is lucky to be alive , a good kick from a horse to the head can easily prove fatal . 
  never stand behind a horse , or any large hind legged animal to be fair , is something everyone should have drilled into them as a child . 
  looks like it did n't connect that hard thankfully . 
  even if i were , what would it matter . 
  if it were going to be beneficial for the uk to leave , then leaving would be the right decision regardless , and if it were going to be harmful for the uk to leave , staying would be the right decision regardless . 
  blindly following direct democracy is not part the british historical legacy .
