  other than that is anyone 's guess . 
  it 's actually pretty close . 
  i believe something like 70 % of native english speakers are in the us . 
  you 've got to be aware that the criteria for being a native speaker is more than just fluency . 
  it only includes those people who grow up speaking english regularly and either speak english the best of of any language they speak , or belong to a small set of multilingual people who speak english completely fluently and do n't have another language they would be more competent in . 
  for example for a bilingual french / english person to be considered both a native french and english speaker , they would have had to grow up speaking both languages in roughly equal measure , and shown no strong preference or increase in an ability in either one . 
  someone who speaks perfect french but is highly competent in english is n't a native english speaker , they 're a native french speaker with fluent english . 
  in this sense , the vast majority of a country like india , where english is spoken widely as a 2nd language , do n't meet the criteria for being native speakers . 
  yeah . 
  maybe we should do that with more thing . 
  e.g sweater = light pullover designed to allow circulation of air , jumper = heavy woollen thing your grandma gives you . 
  pharmacy = large shop selling health and beauty products like boots , chemist = the actual place where you get your prescription . 
  sneakers = flashy loud american fashion trainers , trainers = practical sports shoes . 
  we can just keep appropriating and re-purposing their words until they appear like idiots for having so few of them . 
  maybe you 'll agree with my [ radical solution ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/britishproblems/comments/5cw3p0/getting_annoyed_when_british_shops_refer_to/da11isy/ ) to the problem then . 
  that 's your fault for referring to anything other than real tea as tea , `` herbal tea '' is not tea !, 
  just like it 's the people who are too lazy to distinguish between turtles and tortoises who are causing hundreds of tortoises to drawn every year !, 
  here are some gems . 
  i do n't have an accent . 
  this pronunciation is objectively wrong, 
  native speakers have bad grammar / pronunciation . 
  my dialect of x language is the original , everyone else changed but we stayed the same . 
  my dialect is n't changing . 
  english is just a dialect of german because it 's a germanic language, 
  english is just a dialect of french because of all the french influence, 
  english is just a version of latin because fuck you i think latin is cool . 
  my dialect x of this language is better than dialect y , speakers of dialect y are stupid/pretentious/affected / uneducated . 
  speakers of y dialect all have a speech impediment . 
  only oxford english dictionary/merriam webster/chicago style manual/oxford university have authority to say how english should be written/spoken . 
  language should never change , all changes are wrong . 
  if we do n't return to older modes of speaking then the language will degenerate and we wo n't be able to understand each other . 
  edit : thought of some more, 
  x culture does n't have a word for y , therefore they have no concept of y, 
  x culture can see more colours than y culture , because they have more words for colours, 
  this word can not be translated into english, 
  contractions are a sign of laziness, 
  split infinitives and dangling participles are bad english . 
  linguists are polyglots, 
   at least do n't have an ego, 
   i 'm a sophomore , the youngest in a senior-level class and the * only * non-heritage speaker who can easily have full conversations with the professor . 
  no offence but you sound like you have an ego . 
  most university courses tend to focus the written form rather than the spoken form . 
  compare that to someone with no formal education who spends 5 year living in another country with a different language . 
  at phd level maths is full of essays too . 
  the cross over is great because of the highly complex concepts like identity , and heavily rely on logical proof to reason to conclusions . 
  maths in many ways is just philosophy with numbers . 
  no they 're not , they 're identical . 
  a philosophical proof is a logical proof . 
  you 're confusing philosophical proof with philosophical argumentation . 
  philosophers like marx mostly sat around forming interesting arguments , philosophers like kripke or russell sat down and did proofs . 
  but ultimately that does n't matter . 
  proofs are either proved or unproved according to the axiomatic assumptions we make , there 's no room for shades of proof ( leaving stuff like fuzzy logic out of this ) . 
  neither subjects focus on empirical investigation , but rather investigate the analytical content of thought . 
  a proof is the same whether you right it in words or in numbers , just as `` two times two equals four '' is as valid as `` 2 x 2 = 4 '', 
  philosophy is in many ways the study of those conceptual apparatuses that are primary , those things we hold to be self-evident from childhood . 
  so yes , while logic was n't produced by philosophy , philosophy is the act of looking inward at the logic and formalising it to the best of our ability . 
  hardly , the countries that are pissed are like latvia and poland . 
  everyone being pissed is n't true at all . 
  in fact the eu wants its own continental army so you guys can stop bitching about paying for our security . 
  you think america could use that hard power against another developed nation without the approval of the rest of the world and still maintain its international influence ? 
  i 'm sorry in an age of nuclear war having a big military wo n't help you influence the decisions of developed nations . 
  except they ca n't , at best they can trigger a nuclear war and destroy themselves in the process , which hardly gives a country influence . 
  well you did n't make that clear and presented it as a general statement . 
  i was just pointing that out . 
  just wait for smellovision !, 
  really do n't know that 's relevant . 
  the us simply does n't have the ability to set policy around the world anymore . 
  if germany does something the us does n't like , their military wo n't help them , their economy and soft cultural influence might , but that 's what 's been dwindling in the last few decades . 
  and yet you have massive advantage over your classmates , and have had plenty more time to overcome the psychological difficulties involved with learning to speak a new language . 
  learning to speak a new language is very hard , to the point many competent speakers will have a sudden wave of anxiety when they are called upon to speak it unexpectedly or in a high pressure situation . 
  the process of really learning to speak a language is tough . 
  it requires either a lot of time with patient fluent speakers to get decent , or else a trial by fire being dropped into situations where speaking the language is necessary . 
  with the latter method you with have many a misunderstanding , you will embarrass yourself and other people , you will be cut off mid sentence by native speakers who treat you exactly like a native speaker and do n't cut you slack , you will have disastrous phone calls with customer service workers who ca n't be bothered to communicate with you . 
  university can not teach that . 
  the can teach you how to read and write well , but they ca n't teach you to speak . 
  in fact only you can teach yourself that by constantly attempting to communicate in the language . 
  i live abroad and have run into many people with degrees in the language of the country , and when they open their mouths they sound really silly , while i can chat away in the language all night , despite the fact they can read epic poetry in that language , while i struggle with harry potter . 
  seems pretty crass of you to judge your classmates after two year around that language and never getting good at speaking it . 
  to me it sounded like he was making a general statement about actors , the context was n't clear ... 
  ok i did n't know that . 
  the only time i 've heard it used is in a regional british dialect where it means the same as forward roll . 
  no offence but this sounds like total bullshit , it 's not that unusual to greet women with a peck or two pecks on the cheek in the uk in a social setting ( although never 3 , that 's just decadent ) . 
  for example , if i go to a dinner party and do n't know the women there it 's always a peck on the cheek greeting , sometimes combined with a handshake or a hug . 
  it 's certainly a more middle class behaviour , and might be seen as slightly odd in a working northern class city , but even then they 'd be aware that people do it . 
  nobody would be that surprised by it at all and certainly nobody would think you a pervert for it . 
  perhaps the guys did n't like it because they were teenagers and saw you as a french interloper and thought you were being pretentious / overstepping the mark with familiarity . 
  the typical behaviour with someone you 've never met before would be to shake the hand and then go in for the cheek kissing if they lean in for it . 
  i do n't know about you , but it middle class british culture kissing as a greeting is completely normal . 
  i 'm amazed you 'd even complain about it , it seems like a perfectly british way to greet someone . 
  we absolutely do n't use `` check '' . 
  we understand it when it 's written on your tourists ' payments , but that 's about it . 
  the internet says a lot of shit . 
  so i guess you would n't like to visit a picturesque boutique full of antique mystique before heading to critique a unique arabesque mosque followed by a risqu\u00e9 burlesque show then :(, 
  who says that ? 
  in manchester ? 
  ok your being 12-13 years old was definitely the big factor here , that pretty much explains the reaction . 
  it 's not something that british kids and younger teenagers do amongst peers that 's for sure . 
  their reaction of sheer shock and horror makes a lot more sense in the context , under the age of about 17 the kisses thing being something solely reserved for female relatives and family friends , usually begrudgingly at family parties and gatherings . 
  it definitely is something we do in the uk . 
  however , there is a bit of a culture and class divide when it comes to doing it .
