  extreme arguments gain more traction and moderate opinions are more likely to be met with `` well , the important thing is that you 've found a way to feel superior to both parties '' . 
  a large part of reddit is definitely written rhetoric . 
  i ca n't think of any accent that does this . 
  yeah that 's definitely it . 
  when he first started out he was doing trashier more lowest common denominator stuff with keith lemon style sex puns and such . 
  i find him more watchable now because he toned all that shit down and the celebrities are a list instead of d list . 
  sounds to me like the boss simply does n't want your help . 
  maybe he 's a daily mail reader who hates people on jsa . 
  maybe he 's insecure about the work environment and does n't want to deal with your involvement . 
  maybe this jsa work placement has been foisted upon him , or maybe he agreed to it not expecting anyone to actually turn up . 
  maybe he 's just a massive arsewipe who expect his employees to work in silence and go without smoke breaks until the end of the day . 
  that 's what so stupid about the job centre and all the new things that have been implemented . 
  these schemes sound good to some chippy tory voters thinking about getting britain working again , but in reality they are so lacklustre and ill thought out they do n't really work and really just function as ways to force people off jsa or at least sanction them so they 'll miss out on payments for a while . 
  the real problem with the system is that it functions get to people of jsa but it does n't really care how it does it . 
  the right way to get someone off jsa is to get them into employment . 
  the wrong way is by making it so inconvenient for them to remain on benefits that they just give up and decide to do cash in hand work or sell weed instead . 
  for me alcohol is like , you drink a few drinks and feel normal and then suddenly you notice your a little more relaxed than usual , enjoying yourself a bit more than usual , and just generally feeling a little better . 
  you feel more confident and social interaction becomes easier . 
  then as you continue to drink you feel more confident and at ease , and you enjoy things more and more . 
  the problem is that the more you drink directly correlates with impaired judgement . 
  there 's always a certain point when drinking that you feel like you could do anything , and then there 's another point in the evening when you suddenly realise that it 's 4am , you can barely walk straight and that you need to go home . 
  memory loss tends to occur when a very large quantity of alcohol is drunk , and also when the alcohol is drunk quickly . 
  this can lead to whole chunks of memories missing , for example , waking up and not remembering how you got home . 
  the fighting side of alcohol is more to do with the way alcohol can intensify emotions combined with the impaired judgement . 
  alcohol does n't make people aggressive , but it can make an aggressive person angrier and increase the chance that they 'll allow that emotion to affect their behaviour . 
  how much effect alcohol has on someone depends on body weight and tolerance . 
  an experienced drinker might drink 6 litres of beer and only be moderately intoxicated , while an inexperienced drinker might fall asleep after 2 litres . 
  i was just thinking that throwing egg does not equal speech . 
  except the prisons of course ... : /, 
  in my experience public bathrooms are not very nice in america . 
  gaps between cubicles , cubicle doors are missing , no dividers between urinals , these things are still common . 
  in some parts of western europe you 'll pay to use the bathroom if it 's owned by a private enterprise like a bar or restaurant , in other parts its free like in the uk , but on the whole the cleanliness and modernity of the bathroom is a lot better . 
  even simple stuff like having a stall that feels like it provides proper privacy , but also stuff like having infra-red activated taps , and good quality air dryers like dyson ones or at least providing paper towels . 
  i do n't really think ease of cleaning should be more important than comfort . 
  going in public is bad enough , why would you accept making that worse than it is . 
    most establishments do n't want to provide a space that could potentially be used for illegal or immoral activities, 
  do n't understand this , if someone is trashy enough to fuck / shoot up in your establishment then they probably wo n't be discouraged by slightly less privacy . 
  i thought of this when high once , the power to have an unlimited stash box , whenever you wanted to smoke a blunt would appear in your back pocket , whenever you wanted a beer you 'd find a couple in your bag . 
  a power like this could make considerably more fun , but then again might be very dangerous if you got addicted to meth or smack . 
  in the atlantic ? 
  why do american 's call it shepherd 's pie when they cook it with beef :3 , the clue is in the name ** `` shepherd 's '' ** , as in people who tend to sheep . 
  these people are feral . 
  that dish already has a name though . 
  it 's cottage pie . 
  ship harrydore err ` day, 
  lol what ? 
  russia is stupid !, 
  they love putin and dance with bears !, 
  i 'm british and i 'm still offended by the german directness . 
  for some reason ruthless sarcastic piss taking is easier to stomach than someone straight up saying `` that t-shirt make you look fat '' or `` you need a haircut '' . 
  for some reason implying i come from a long line of jimmy saville style nonces is more acceptable to me , because its obviously motivated out of a desire to wind each other up , than an earnest direct comment that actually comes from a frank and honest opinion with no malice behind it . 
  maybe in a round about way , this is what op was trying to get at , the fact that some americans , like germans , can be more direct without feeling bad about it . 
  in the uk we do tend to say `` the report was very interesting , but needs some work '' while a german would say `` the report was bad , do it again '' . 
  while in the uk we might say `` did you eat all the pies lately you fat piece of shit ? '', 
  while in germany they might say `` you look fat , have you considered diet and exercise ? '' . 
  in first case the english statement is easier to handle because it 's less direct , in the second case the english statement is easier to handle because it 's more jokey and piss takey . 
  the first german statement makes me think `` omg the report must 've been so bad that they could n't even phrase it less harshly '' and the second one makes me think `` shit i really must have put on weight , because what they said indicates they think the matter is so serious they feel the need to brooch the matter without humour '' . 
  is n't smoko = fag break . 
  no way you 'd get a cheeky nandos in during a smoke break , you 'd need at least an hour for the nandos to be properly cheeky , with bottles of corona and top bantz . 
  i think it 's more than americans still just see all swearing as worse and are more likely to be offended by it , in the same way americans see blasphemy as a bad thing and are more likely to be offended by it . 
  as a kid visiting the south the kids were really careful about their `` cussing '' , and even words like `` damn '' `` bloody '' `` jesus '' were avoided around adults while in the uk you just had to avoid words like `` fuck '' and `` cunt '' . 
  farther is technically correct but becoming old fashioned now . 
  ca n't believe nobody has mentioned the fact that it looks like the sign has been snapped in a section . 
  wtf the fuck did that !, 
  i 'm [ imagining something like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hqjkzvnnlt0 ) . 
  could n't even tell if this was cgi or not . 
  [ i mean seriously compare it to this ] ( https://i.imgur.com/ahwehvi.jpg ), 
  that 's bullshit . 
  in reality women care much less about age than men , they care about other things , often things that men in their 30s have , i.e good job security , disposable income , life experience , self-assuredness . 
  from what i 've read it 's not quite as simple as `` being +30 '' . 
  the dating game flips around when women start being more focussed on finding a long term partner , typically when they are in their late 20s / early 30s when they realise their youth wo n't last forever . 
  this is because the set of single women searching for suitable long term partners is greater than the set of men these women consider eligible long term partners . 
  the joke is that by 30 all the good men are married or gay , and this has a ring of truth to it . 
  the problem with this is that you have to meet the criteria for what these women think of as an eligible long term partner . 
  you have to have a steady job , a degree of social status , financially independent , unburdened by children or family , and appear relatively settled and steady going . 
  the question some women ask themselves is `` if a man is all these things , why has n't some women got that shit locked down already '', 
  women do n't stop being able to get men at 28 years old , however it dawns on some of them that the guys who are throwing themselves at them are either low status ( the guys they 'll typically blow off ) or are the guys are like x2 more attractive than they are statistically speaking but have no serious interest in them ( the guys they typically have slept with , also the kinds that do well on tinder ) . 
  the thing is an average looking girl in her 20s can get a guy who statistically speaking is a 9 + on the attractiveness scale . 
  she just has to make it easy for him , but often those guys either have no interest in a long term relationship ( or even a short term one ) with her or is n't suitable to a long term relationship , for example , they might be great looking but still only have a ordinary job that wo n't provide her what she 's come to expect in life ( i.e. 
  fitness instructor ) . 
  they might still be immature and likely to cheat and generally not ready for a long term commitment generally , or they might simply lack a personality of any sort whatsoever . 
  so what men can do in their late 20s / 30s is exploit this quandary that these women are in to get laid . 
  they have to present themselves as mild manner , well established , suitable long term partners , then act as if they were potentially interested in a long term thing with the woman , then ruthlessly back out of it once they 've got bored of it . 
  they have to convince the woman that that they 're a good guy who was just overlooked so far , a hidden gem , this is how the women come to believe they 've found such an ideal man , and how they explain away the fact that `` all the good men are married or gay '' . 
  they have to precariously tread the line of appearing both desirable but not too self-confident and cocky like the guys who were willing to fuck her but not stay with her , because in this case he 's not a good man but a bad man like the boyfriends of her younger years , however if he 's too friendly and asexual she 'll probably just think he 's gay and has n't realised it yet . 
  after that she just has to rule out the married possibility ( which some women obviously neglect to do haha ) . 
  these women around 30 are usually so shocked that they 've found a guy who hits all their long term partner tick boxes , and are so adjusted to being relatively sexually permissive from their early/mid 20s , that they 'll be easy to coax into bed after just one or two dates . 
  they 'll also be so busy counting their lucky stars that they 've finally met someone suitable that they 'll let it impair their judgement about how much they can really trust this newly met person . 
  there are number of guys who exploit this situation ruthlessly because why the fuck not . 
  go around projecting yourself as the most eligible of bachelors in your 30s , good job , well dressed , be in decent enough shape , know about cultural stuff , have a nice house/flat , pretend to have grown out of the need to have promiscuous sex and watch as the women line up thinking they 're getting into a relationship when 3 weeks into it they get a text saying it 's not working out for some bullshit reason and onto the next one . 
  however , i do n't necessary think it 's all that healthy , often these guys are almost getting revenge for how women treated them in their youths which is kinda fucked up . 
  disclaimer : this is all rather cynical and reductive . 
  obviously the reality is more blurred and complicated . 
  women are n't ruthlessly calculating all the time just as men are n't . 
  furthermore , there is also a sexual component to why women like older guys , age can be attractive to them , some women feel more at ease around older guys , they are more proven to be not completely weird or crazy , they are less likely to change their mind about their life decisions . 
  many immature reddit folk like to project the idea that all women really want is to fuck the most athletic young guy when in reality many women would much rather take the feelings of security that come with being with an older man over bigger muscles , a six pack or a full head of hair . 
  they make this mistake because they are immature themselves are think make and female attraction is analogous , and that women secretly just want to fuck the fittest young male just like they want to fuck the fittest young female . 
  they also want to blame their lack of success with women on their lack of a adonis like body when in fact it was their shit personalities and/or crippling lack of sense confidence that was the real cause . 
  the reality is much more complicated than that , however i think there is always an element of truth to a reductive analysis because it works as a guideline . 
  is that sarcasm ?
