  nothing on that level of bad though . 
  when something is tearing you up inside sadly it 's hard to talk about anything else . 
  i think we have a different definition of `` real possibilities '' . 
  this just ai n't happening in our lifetimes , we have n't even been to mars . 
  i doubt it will happen in our children 's lifetimes , however , that really depends on what we discover in our lifetimes , not to mention the direction the human race takes . 
  if we 're all warring over resources then the prospects for serious investment in space technology is very limited ( beyond better rockets to hurl death at each other ) , the best we could hope for is that we found massively valuable materials in the asteroid belt or something which would actually make it profitable to invest in space technology . 
  most likely , assuming the human race is doing alright and still has the luxury of funding space technology consistently with no apocalyptic events , whether we attempt unmanned interstellar travel in 100 years or in 500 years is going to depend on the discoveries and inventions we produce in the future . 
  it may well be that the physics in 100 years time looks completely different from today , that we 've discovered all kinds of really efficient ways to produce the energy needed to leave the solar system , this could put us at the really really optimistic 100 years time mark . 
  on the other hand , it might turn out that the limitations we currently believe in are absolutely true , that we 've not missed anything and there really are no tricks when it comes to traversing the universe , in this case i would reckon 500 years is far more realistic . 
  what nerds like this guy seem to forget is that we have n't even sorted out shit down here on earth yet . 
  there 's no fucking way we 're building an interstellar craft even if the super simplistic ride the nuke method until that 's more sorted out , and quite rightly too . 
  i mean we 've still got billions of people dying of easily curable illnesses , we 've got hundreds of millions without access to adequate food or water . 
  we 've still got young people dying of cancer because we lack the technology to cure them , we 've got wars and dictators like in north korea , we 've got disease like ebola and the next big pandemic is always just around the corner . 
  when we 've sorted shit out down here so that almost everyone is at least living at a basic minimum quality of life and only a tiny number of people are dying before old age then perhaps we can invest more seriously in space travel . 
  even then we 've still got to traverse our own damn solar system . 
  the only hope we 've got of ever going to another solar system in our lifetime is if aliens drop in and push our technology forward by hundreds of years . 
  which gives us barely better odds than the victorians had of going to another star . 
  realistically , assuming i live to be old , i 'd optimistically hope that we 've begun to explore the solar system a bit . 
  that we might have put men on mars and maybe jupiters moons if we 're lucky by that point . 
  hate to be a party pooper but many of our ideas about space travel are incredibly unrealistic as a species . 
  the technology that got us to the moon was so incredibly primitive and was only possible because of self-interest showing off our powers during a war . 
  we basically stuck a man in a tank and exploded him to the moon , the moon being massively closer to the earth than the nearest planet rather than star . 
  we seem to forget that we 're a species that has n't even really left out planet , we should really remember that we as a species have never been to another planet , the moon does not count it 's essentially an accessory of the earth . 
  this guy just is n't living in the real world . 
  first we get things fixed on earth , then we explore our solar system , and then we can talk about building city sized lasers on the moon to propel stuff to the nearest stars ( which will no doubt be boring dead solar systems ) . 
  i honestly ca n't understand why anyone would need anything but a shot gun or hunting rifle . 
  in the uk you can not use lethal force on someone as a citizen ever , you can only use reasonably force . 
  now if someone had broken in and was holding you at gun point and you smashed them over the head with a vase and they died , you 'd probably get away with it or at least get off very lightly ( suspended sentence ) , but if they did the same and you stabbed them in the neck then you 'd go to prison , because by using a knife you intended to use deadly force and would certainly serve time for manslaughter . 
  i know of people in the uk who have been tied up at home and beaten until they 've handed over their pin numbers and valuables ( thankfully a very rare thing to happen in the uk ) , but they still walked away with only some cuts and bruises . 
  what good would 've it been for them to have had a gun ? 
  robbery is actually one of the few crimes that actually occurs more often in the uk ( at a rate of about 1.28:1 ) . 
  however murder is four times less frequent in the uk . 
  how many murders in the us are the product of criminals being super twitchy because they know anyone could be armed . 
  if your mugging someone in a state that allows concealed carry then you 've got to be ready to kill or be killed . 
  a mugging in the uk typically would be `` give me your phone '' < flashes knife  `` ok '' < hands over phone and wallet  < mugger runs away  . 
  the situation is massively de-escalated . 
  seems to me that it 's better this way , what property can be of such a value it can be compared to a human life . 
  this is exactly why we have insurance policies . 
  gun nuts in the us never seem to acknowledge that virtually all criminals , excluding hit men and serial killers , do not want to kill people . 
  the sole reason to have guns to protect yourself as an ordinary citizen seems to me to protect yourself again a serial killer whose sole intention is to kill you for no reason whatsoever besides their being a psycho , and these people are so rare it just does n't seem worth it when you think about all the other deaths and murders that are the product of criminals having to operate in gun escalated environment . 
  it makes me laugh when gun nuts say if you take away guns then only criminals will have guns . 
  the answer to this is so fucking what ? 
  a situation where only criminals have guns is actually a better one than one where criminals have guns and operate under the knowledge that literally anyone could be packing . 
  in the uk the law says that there is a 10 % margin of error allowed for speeding violations . 
  so if you admit to doing anything more than 22 in a 20 you can actually be ticketed without the need for evidence because you 've essentially just confessed . 
  if a uk police officer ever says `` you were speeding , how fast do you think you were going ? '', 
  the answer is always with a 10 % margin of the limit . 
  that guy got a pretty serious conviction for that if i remember correctly . 
  mainly because everyone thought he was a dick , what kind of dick punches a horse . 
  the population of the us is x5 that of the uk . 
  does the us have x5 more beatings than the uk . 
  i 'd wager that the per capita beating rate is a lot higher in the us . 
  i doubt that , i 've never seen uk police get away with anything close to a beating . 
  if anything the police are scared of being fired for something like that . 
  people just get arrested and that 's it , no choke holds or knees on the sternum . 
  that 's kind of offensive to homosexuals , i know plenty of them and i ca n't think that any of them would jump straight to anallingus with a stranger at a party . 
  butt stuff takes time and preparation . 
  i mean a blowjob , yeah , that happens everyday , but anonymous butt munching is depraved even by the crazy standards of this day and age . 
  that was n't my point at all . 
  my point was that even within the gay anonymous hook up community , eating some random guy 's ass at a party without so much as a shower would be considered pretty unusual and grim . 
  [ an american would never do this !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=w61uhzljmyq ) ( i know all americans are n't like this guy , he 's a goldmine of ignorant american abroad stereotypes ), 
  no , on par at best frankly . 
  what 's that ? 
  practically the nearest place to england you can go to that is known for its drink and drug culture ? 
  cheapest destination to fly to from the uk ? 
  the one place in europe where you can smoke weed legally ? 
  what an unpredictable thing that such a place would attract some of the uk 's worst behaved tourists . 
  it 's not the uk that is trashy it 's just a large number of people who go to amsterdam . 
  furthermore i do n't see what is trashy about this ? 
  it 's teenagers doing parkour . 
  furthermore it 's oxford street , half the people in this video will be tourists and not even english themselves . 
  also they 're standing outside jd sports which is a sports clothing shop that particularly caters to urban fashion . 
  why do n't you think before you tar a whole country with one brush . 
  i 've heard american tourists complaining about the britons in amsterdam before . 
  is it that hard to figure out that the people who travel 3000 miles and spend thousands of dollars to visit europe are in a different category from the ones who hop on a 35 minute flight with easyjet ? 
  it would be like a briton going to tijuana and complaining that the americans were worse behaved than the europeans ... 
  you 're full of shit roman !, 
  maybe i 'll come and visit some time . 
  they treat the western millionaire businessmen going there on business trips pretty damn well . 
  if the hospital knows what 's good for them they `` record '' whatever the saudi authorities want them to record . 
  it 's what plants crave !, 
  the worldwide web ? 
  on a turing machine ? 
  based of babbage 's analytic engine ? 
  edit : seriously guys , who is upvoting this idiot , i do n't agree with / u/all _ is_temporary , but the answer to xenophobia is not / u/jjmayhem 's ridiculous jingoism, 
  a direct descendant of the telephone . 
  a british invention . 
  do you see why this game is stupid yet ? 
  i suggest you google `` british '' and find out what it means . 
  no i do n't . 
  rather a direct descendant of it . 
  so an invention by a scotsman in a british dominion is american now ? 
  that 's news to me . 
  someone who relied heavily on turing 's discoveries i imagine . 
  probably someone smart enough to realise that he , like every inventor , stood on the shoulder 's of giants , and not go around claiming their country invented everything ... 
  edit : it 's funny , why are the people who invent this stuff never nationalistic idiots claiming to have done it for their country , why are they are always the kind of people willing to acknowledge their work would 've been impossible without their predecessors , the kind of people who would be perfectly willing to acknowledge their debts to researchers in different times and countries who made their discoveries possible ? 
  ah yes , because the criteria for which nation invented something is where it was first patented ? 
  even if the inventor was a scotsman and the research was done in canada ? 
  come on , even you must see how ridiculous that sounds .
