  just no . 
  take your primitive accent elsewhere and allow the elegant creators of the language use it properly . 
  well at least you have solid transport links : /, 
  you mean a singlet ya cunt !, 
  hairy chest = empty treasure chest ? 
  ah yes , because whatever bullshit you respond with dictates what i 'm saying , right ? 
  you 're delusional pal ... 
  gr8 1 m8, 
  lol you call me butt hurt yet you 're the one spamming in all caps and making things up . 
  i think you have some problems pal !, 
  if you notice back at the top of the thread where other people were still reading it you were the one getting downvoted . 
  anyway this discussion is boring . 
  i 've said about 20 times that i do n't care whether water is served , never once have i said free water would n't work in germany , just that it might slightly increase prices . 
  all i 've done this whole thread is put forward some arguments as to why free water might not be such an unquestionably good thing . 
  and look at you , you love free water so much you 're practically having a stroke , i think the lack of sunlight in the finnish winter has turned you strange . 
  take a long hard look at yourself you butt hurt all caps spammer : /, 
  lol you are really really butthurt about this are n't you . 
  it 's quite amusing . 
  look at you go , maybe you should get some ointment on that . 
  keep it up pal . 
  love watching you make a fool of yourself . 
  fyi you 're not meant to brake or change speed to allow a car to merge . 
  the idea is that the traffic stays the same and person merging adjusts their speed to fit into a gap . 
  only if it 's going to a avoid an accident should the people on the road change their speed to allow someone to merge . 
  if the merging car ca n't find a gap in time they should continue on the hard shoulder until a gap appears . 
  i 've seen some hairy situations where the people are parallel and someone drops back or speeds up . 
  go to germany , they 're far more efficient right standers than we . 
  yeah it happens with all accents on reddit but especially scottish . 
  what the people do n't realise is that they speak with an accent too , and therefore their phonetics only make sense to them . 
  for example . 
  an english person might right the way an american says `` job '' as `` jahb '' , while americans might write the way most english people say `` car '' as `` caah '' . 
  an english person might also write the way an american says a word like `` milan '' as `` milarn '' , but to an american that wo n't rhyme with the way they say `` barn '' . 
  these are just the really obvious ones , then you factor in regional accents too , like an american might hear someone in the north of england say `` pub '' and write `` poob '' , but anyone from the north of england will think they 're writing `` poob '' to rhyme with `` boob '' . 
  there 's no correct way to pronounce words in english , literally every dialect merges certain sounds from distinct clusters of letters including the queen 's english or standard mid-western american . 
  if you pronounced everything differently it would sound super strange . 
  people need to stop thinking their phonetics remotely mean anything to anybody but themselves . 
  except no one can agree on how spellings sound so you 're fucked . 
  none of those . 
  it 's the oo as in foot , the same sound as put . 
  i 've always thought that , and it 's perhaps a contributing factor to one of the reasons english has had success as an international language . 
  i once made a phonetic orthography for english that was a bit like german . 
  every vowel had a letter assigned to it although accents were necessary for this , every diphthong was two vowels . 
  then i realised how differently everyone would write with this alphabet , to read what people with unusual dialects said would mean sounding it out and trying to approximate the accent . 
  sure it would be cool to know how the writer spoke but it would hardly be practical . 
  i mean to some british people words like fire and hour are triphthongs , which would get super confusing . 
  you 're missing the point . 
  not everyone says pub the same way . 
  in many dialects people pronounce the words put and putt differently . 
  however in other dialects they do n't differentiate between these two sounds , put and putt sound exactly the same to them because they only use the sound that the first set of dialects use in put , but never the one in putt . 
  so if you 're speaking in a way that has the two different sounds , you 'll pronounce `` pub '' with the `` putt '' sounds . 
  however if you hear someone who does n't differentiate between the two sounds sound pub . 
  someone like sean bean for example with a sheffield accent . 
  it '' ll sound different to you . 
  so you 're trying to express this accent phonetically you might think , hmm well he uses the sound i use in `` foot '' , therefore i 'll write poob instead . 
  but to anyone who does n't distinguish put and putt , they 'll think `` hmm why 's he written it that way '' , he must mean the sound like in boob . 
  everyone ends up super confused because everyone speaks differently . 
  often i see people writing stuff like `` u fookin wot m8 '' trying to reflect this sound . 
  but it is n't the case half the time because not all english people have it . 
  another example is that lots of americans say `` caught '' and `` cot '' the same way , but to an english person it sounds a lot more like `` cart '' , which of course to an american would be written `` caht '' . 
  again many english people say `` caught '' and `` court '' the same way , using a sound that many americans do n't even have . 
  [ i 'll see that and raise you ] ( http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html ), 
  that 's an absolute linguistic crock of shit . 
  the reason why he can understand you is because of exposure to american accents from an early age and nothing more . 
  there is nothing truer or more accurate about american accents . 
  in fact american accents generally have far fewer vowels than british english meaning that more sounds are merged together . 
  this could easily seen as evidence that american is further from the dictionary spelling however i wo n't say that because such arguments are inherently linguistically prescriptive . 
  do you realise words like mary , marry , and merry were all pronounced different ( and still are in many dialects ) . 
  do you realise words like where and wear were pronounced differently ( and still are in some dialects ) . 
  caught and cot can be pronounced differently , as were don and dawn , bold and bald . 
  hell even words like here and hear were once pronounced differently even though i do n't know if there are any dialects that do this left . 
  it 's incredibly arrogant of you to suggest that american is `` truer '' and `` more accurate '' , just the kind of cultural centricism that gives americans a bad name . 
  truth is your scottish friend grew up with programmes like dexter 's lab and pinky and the brain , far more than you grew up with rab c. nesbitt , which is why he can understand you , there is no other reason . 
  many americans do n't even have a separate vowel for - aw . 
  how on earth is that more accurate ? 
  that 's a nice thought but most non-native speakers are n't that good . 
  when they are completely fluent they do tend to be more standard both grammatically and spelling wise , which you might see as being `` better '' . 
  for example people who are fluent english speakers but learnt later in life would be much less likely to use the wrong your and you 're , or their there and they 're , because they 've been introduced to these words later in life as `` their '' is the possessive pronoun version of they , `` they 're '' means `` they are '' and so on . 
  while native speakers are likely to be less aware of how they construct sentences , and thus will just stick a word in because it 's a homophone of the word they actually want . 
  yeah because learning to strategically understand one of the world 's hardest and most competitive games is totally different to say a professional golfer or rally driver . 
  damn , thought you were serious : / btw is that the whoosh as in douche or in bush ? 
  [ case in point ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/adviceanimals/comments/394du9/im_an_american_working_in_scotland/cs0m3k4 ), 
  i already know english phonetics , learning the whole of ipa however is pretty tough . 
  problem is that most of reddit does n't . 
  is n't that what the reduced shelf is for ? 
  when aldi arrived in the uk is was a joke . 
  it was the place where long term benefits recipients shopped . 
  the quality was considered low , the food strange foreign rip offs of uk and international brands . 
  they have a fucking good marketing team though and aldi has shown the biggest growth of a uk supermarket ever . 
  claiming something like 2 % of the market a year . 
  they 've radically altered their stock to suit a british market . 
  when it started you 'd find german and french on the packaging , now it 's all primarily british . 
  they also focussed on low overall value rather than the loss leader competition that other supermarkets get into ( selling certain heavily marketed products at a loss to pull people into the supermarket ) . 
  the recession was a big opportunity for them , people stopped caring so much about brand names and just decent quality at a low cost . 
  the german attitude of gut and g\u00fcnstig really paid off for them . 
  people swallowed their pride and found that the food was rather good and they were saving overall rather than just getting a few flashy half price deals . 
  thus aldi took its place as a leading uk supermarket . 
  the uk supermarkets are actually worse . 
  aldi are a lesser evil . 
  tesco would have producers sign really restrictive contracts , forcing them to hand over their accounting information and threaten to take away all their business if they broke them , then they 'd offer them the minimum they knew they would accept really pissing off the farmers . 
  absolutely nothing i said is applicable to boston .
