  actually some british are still pronouncing their - r 's , [ fyi you all sound like farmers to us . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lhtfzcmycp0 ), 
  my sister called me on my cellphone to tell me about those white trash idiots i was telling her about 2 weeks ago , well they came back and they were chucking rubbers filled with an awesome tasting orange color soda at her friend 's granny 's one story house so they had to call the cops but they did n't do nothing once the douchebags ran up the alleyway near the convenience stores . 
  source : british - fluent in americanese, 
  to be fair every town in the uk has a different word for this . 
  jennel , gennel , twitten , twichell , entry , jigger , snicket , jitty , gitty , gulley , chares . 
  ghauts , ope , shuts , cuttings and wynds are all legit . 
  not in the uk it is n't . 
  burnt is the past , past participle and the adjective . 
  burned is n't a word here . 
  either can actually be pronounced either way and be legitimately british , same for neither . 
  the exact opposite , they were writing english english !, 
  i have observed this phenomena , imo it 's more of a south midlands phenomena , once people start rhyming put with putt then it goes back to mum but sounds like moom ( the same - oo you have in book , not the one you have in boom ), 
  well if you go back - c ( \u00e7 ) was used for the soft - s in the middle of the word , as in receive , - s was the hard - z as in resource ( r\u00e9zor\u00e7e or rizor\u00e7e ) but americans have taken to pronouncing it ree-sauce , which is fucked in my opinion !, 
  also houses ( howziz ) not how-siz !, 
  we already have a plural second person in english , it 's called - you , if you want to be badass then resume the use of thou , do n't pluralise what 's already plural . 
  lavatory if you 're posh ( always pronounced lavutry , loo if you 're posh but do n't want to sound like you 're trying to hard to be posh . 
  they should call it you in fancy shops . 
  since your country has worse teeth on average than most of europe i doubt that very much . 
  unnaturally whitened teeth when they 'd only be slightly off white otherwise , now that 's american . 
  matter of perspective . 
  if you worked in disneyland and everyone had to smile every fucking second of the day you 'd probably find it tiresome too , that 's most europeans going shopping in the us . 
  what i doubt is that she was recognised as american from `` good teeth '' , `` good teeth '' are universal , they are straight and unstained . 
  what she undoubtedly got recognised as american for was her obscenely white teeth , since teeth bleaching is far more popular in the us . 
  well i 'm routing for them , they might have bombed our cathedral but the fucking argies can go fuck themselves . 
  hell will freeze before the uk adopts y' all . 
  edit : do n't include me in your `` we '' ? 
  english motherfucker do you speak it ? 
  i 'm not denying `` it happened '' , i 'm denying your claims that is because of her `` good teeth '' . 
  do you realise that americans on average have worse teeth than people in western europe due to the high quality of publicly funded healthcare especially for children here ? 
  whilst rich american may care more about their teeth cosmetically it 's simply false that you can tell americans by their `` good teeth '' . 
  sorry if this simple truth backed by numerous studies offends your american sensibilities , but you 'll find more people with healthy teeth here than you will in the us . 
  stealing good things other countries made/invented , slapping them together shoddily and claiming them as their own . 
  sounds like the us to me . 
  want to know why the world speaks english ? 
  because of us you arsehole . 
  that 's why you speak english , and that 's why you do n't even have a language of your own . 
  now go suck a fat one . 
  well neither am i evidently !, 
  but i get by !, 
  bloody traitors , for queen and country !, 
  and that 's as far as my french goes :(, 
  who 's american here ? 
  not i :(, 
  i 'm just meeting stupid nationalist bullshit with more nationalist bullshit . 
  you said do n't include me in your `` we '' , that was fully retarded since the history of the english language is the history of the language no matter how much you want to inflate and drone on about america 's influence , and i all i did was make a perfectly good point about you already being second person plural . 
  thou died out because it was seen as unnecessary , if you think that wrong then logically if anything should changed it should be the second person singular , that 's the only point i wanted to make , but you turned into a dick waving competition . 
  if i got ripped off i 'd most likely say i got gyped or skanked or ripped off , but if i had to i 'd still use burnt . 
  if you got a good verbal jab on me i 'd say `` i got done '' , the only way we 'd use burned is being deliberately american in a faux ( ebonic ? ), 
  american accent like `` shieeet sooon , you got burned , oh yes you did '', 
  i could n't care less ? 
  i have no feelings on whether it 's necessary or not . 
  personally i haven no problem doing without it , but if people want it fine . 
  i just wanted to point out the illogicality of removing a first person singular just to turn the general second person that once functioned as second person plural into a second person singular and invent a new second person plural . 
  that said if it does change i doubt it 'll be to `` y' all '' i think you 'll still find many people within the us who 'll judge you a moron for using it . 
  personally it does n't even bother me . 
  my only problem with you chap is your absurd notion that when i say `` we already have a second person singular '' that `` we '' does n't include you , because guess what , you speak english , the same language spoken by shakespeare , if you do n't want to be part of the english speaking world speak a different language . 
  you sound like an absolute prick , that 's totally a reason to avoid an entire people ... said hitler . 
  because of her extremely white teeth , not because of her `` good teeth '' , that 's all i really have to say . 
  most of said people are other than american . 
  why do n't you say it looks english , as in the english language ? 
  the language from england ? 
  like i said i could n't care less . 
  people felt it necessary to distinguish the two hundreds of years ago maybe they will again . 
  you 're a prick who 's only just learnt about you being the second person plural today , nobody today speaks the same language as shakespeare , i was n't suggesting you do i merely pointed out a historical fact , you could 've been like yeah well that 's how it is . 
  but instead you 've shown yourself to be a massive cock loving bitch by getting all up arms about the fact i pointed out a linguistic illogicality . 
  now you can go on calling me a prick i really do n't care , go back to being a whiney little bitch and i 'll go about my life also . 
  i 'm not denying it sounds english , english is my mother tongue , i just think it 's just wrong to say it sounds american , there are way more english speakers than americans , of whom some do n't even speak english . 
  kind of insulting of the many millions of non-american english speakers . 
  prickistan you cunt . 
  ( oh a look at your history it 's nothing but bitching about the rest of the world and going on about the us , please do n't ever come to europe we do n't want morons like you ), 
   its just after you see your country being bashed for the 1000th time in one day , it stops being funny and gets fucking annoying . 
  and you would have to be a moron not to notice a good amount of people who hate americans on this website . 
   weird . 
  i have a good education with no debt . 
  and i have medical coverage so i do n't have to worry about that either . 
  sure does suck to be an american . 
   sorry , but those teeth would be considered yellow here . 
  it actually makes me want to go brush my teeth . 
  massive whiney bitch . 
  it 's fully retarded , you 're massively insecure because you 've been brought up around zealots trying reassure themselves that their crass chaotic poverty stricken republic is somehow the best thing since sliced bread . 
  so you hate on soccer , dismiss valid criticism of your nation as `` being bashed '' , ignore problems like college debt and your exploitative health practices because you 're lucky enough to not to be affected by the issues and delude yourselves that somehow the standard for the colour white is different in the united states . 
  i would say just about everything which is a pretty big elephant . 
  the world is marching headlong off the side of a cliff within the next one hundred years unless things change drastically , yet the whole world seems to be collectively burying it 's head in the sand and pretending we are fine . 
  people are wrapped up in their nationality , in decadent grossly outdated political ideologies more concerned about whether someone is allowed to own guns or should people be allowed same sex marriage or how much tax you 'll pay in each relatively tiny nation . 
  meanwhile the world 's population is out of control , huge parts of the world are nothing but chaotic squalor , natural resources are dwindling and the environment is showing signs of no longer being able to take the strain . 
  simultaneously society is such that everything is about short term goals , next years profit margins or the election in a few years time . 
  most of the world 's labour forces are doing nothing of value , working in industries that serve themselves as profit for profit 's sake never contributing to the future of humanity . 
  nobody wants to change anything either , the working classes delude themselves that each and every one of them is somehow going to make it good and have a better quality of life than their parents did . 
  the wealthy and powerful will never challenge the status quo because they know they 've got it good . 
  nothing is being done to ensure a sustainable future 200 years from now , nobody is looking at the possibilities of natural disasters , climate disasters , increased scarcity or eliminating the possibility of all out war . 
  we should be working towards a world where there 's no international squabbling , where education is free and readily available for everyone , where the majority of people are educated , where all incentives are in line with productively helping humanity overcome its problems , where population growth is sustainable , where the environment is understood and maintained . 
  we should be changing our philosophy so that we no longer judge our worth in comparison to what others have but rather what we do to contribute to the world . 
  imo we are at a very precarious stage in humanity 's development that will make or break us as a species , either we mature as a species and power through the next stage until technology is at a place where everything is under control , nobody is starving and we constantly have a sustainable plan for the next 200 years , a point where we can say even if nothing changed we 'd still be going just as strong 200 years down the line , or we 're going to take a huge step back to living standards of 500 years previous and malthus will sort it out . 
  i reckon in my lifetime we 're just going to see constant strife , large scale natural and ecological disasters , constant occupations of the third world over natural resources . 
  heightened tensions between world powers . 
  our kids are probably going to have to choose between selling their souls to corporations to live in protected communities or a life of poverty . 
  it 's going to really suck , but suck far more if we do n't wake up and start looking forwards . 
  well i 'll have to respectfully disagree , nationalism has declined in europe since ww2 yes , does n't mean that it 's achieved a peaceful harmony yet , there are still huge barriers to that . 
  nationalism fading in the middle east ?
