  it 's only civilised ok , we 're not damn colonists with their inhumane climates !, 
   no one has any need to quickly recall the boiling or freezing point of water . 
  lol so when you 're driving you absolutely do n't need to recall the freezing point of water ? 
  come on man , think before you say things . 
  i suppose you think it 's perfectly logical to ask yourself `` is it under 32 ? '', 
  rather than `` is it below 0 '' . 
   fahrenheit is infinitely more useful than celsius in every application except science , which uses kelvin . 
  bascially it makes more sense for the average person to have a fahrenheit thermometer with 0-100 on it than a celsius one with -10 to 50 on it . 
  0 to 100 is the range of temperatures that occur on earth in 99 percent of places . 
  ah yes , because i 'm often like `` hey it 's just under 21 celsius today , if only there was a way to express that as an integer :( , got damn our system is too imprecise '' . 
  you 're a fucking idiot mate . 
  fahrenheit makes no fucking sense , there is absolutely no need for such a fine grained 0-100 system when describing the heat you 're going to experience , most americans end up rounding to the nearest 10 when telling each other the temperature anyway which really means your system goes 1-10 and not 1-100 . 
  at least with celsius you have a logical point of reference , everyone know how cold 0 feels and how warm 100 feels . 
  moreover , your argument is based around the idea that the system is just for telling each other about the weather , when in fact we use it for loads of stuff . 
  we do n't even need to be precise with the weather really , to ordinary people a difference of a few degrees makes fuck all difference . 
  however , cooking often involves causing something boil to or preventing something from boiling . 
  in fact , after the weather that 's probably the second most common use ordinary people have for temperature scales , so would n't it be nice if that was marked by a nice round number ( hint : that number is n't 212 ) . 
  you could say the two most important things in human lives when it comes to temperature are knowing if something water based is boiling or freezing . 
  that would be crazy right ? 
  that 's not remotely the case . 
   the eu despises both leavers and remainers . 
  lol that does n't even make sense . 
   the truth is the eu is going to screw the uk , naturally , because now the two are competitors , and also it is indeed project reality . 
  that 's not how the economy works . 
  you sound almost hysterical . 
  i hardly think we 're going to get a cracking deal but it 's not in the eu 's interest to do everything they can to fuck the uk up . 
  there will definitely be some arrangement made . 
  they can talk big as much as they want , but everyone 's interest is in the continued smooth running of the economy . 
  if the eu pulls the rugs from under the uk too hard it will definitely lead to negative repercussions for themselves as the economy goes haywire , but also as the uk will take action to fuck up the eu 's economic strategy . 
  do you really think anyone wants the economic mess that would result for their being nothing in place come britain 's exit . 
  it would trigger geopolitical instability . 
  seriously , it would be idiotic . 
  there will have to be something in place . 
  mostly like the uk will have to take their medicine of whatever the eu offers , and doubt the uk will like it , but the eu will definitely move as one . 
  lol . 
  keep excusing your weak willed snacking fatty . 
  there 's nothing optimistic about my position , it 's realistic . 
  your position seems to only understand the ideology of the matter ( which is a product of reading the more hysterical newspapers i 'm afraid ) . 
  the reality is that if the eu were just going to stick their fingers in their ears and turn their back on the uk the uk economy would fall of a cliff face come 2019 . 
  this would have massive consequences not just for the uk , but for the eu as well . 
  if anyone thought this would happen there would already be massive capital flight out of britain as investors shored up their risk . 
  that is n't happening . 
  brexit is obviously negatively affecting the economy but this idea that it 's in the eu interest to see a cataclysmic economic problems in britain is actually incredibly unrealistic . 
  fact is that ideology does not drive politics . 
  it might drive voters but it does not drive the political decision of the uk gov or the eu . 
  the eu will certainly have to make sure britain does n't benefit from leaving , but they would be harming their own interests by not facilitating some kind of arrangement to ensure a tolerable level of continued economic cooperation between britain and the eu . 
  i do n't think you understand that billions of eu euros are in britain right now , while billions of british pounds are invested in europe . 
  these billions are actually way more important than the opinions of voters even , as a crash would lose the government more votes than doing something they do n't like . 
  your assumption is that we 're going into all out ideological and economic warfare with each other ( i 'm sure the more xenophobic brexiteers would love this ) . 
  that 's not pessimistic , it 's unrealistic . 
  the ideology of the brexiteers does n't matter , the ideology of pro-eu ideologues screaming `` gott strafe england '' does n't matter . 
  politics is in many way just a big theatre anyway , all that matters is the bottom line . 
  after the ge , expect to see the compromises come in thick and fast . 
  i mean serious otherwise what do you expect ? 
  supply chains between britain and the mainland halting overnight as every product becomes subject to customs processes ? 
  deportation squads in the streets rounding up eu citizens resident in the uk who have n't freely left ? 
  it 's not even feasible . 
  that situation would be such a clusterfuck that it would probably ensure a change of government . 
  the tories do n't want that . 
  the negative impact on the british economy would be so bad it would pull the eurozone down with it , the eu does n't want that . 
  there is simply no logical reason for it happen . 
  edit :, 
   anyone who thinks the eu wants or needs an fta with the uk is deluding themselves . 
  this is wrong , the eu absolutely both wants and needs and fta with the uk . 
  if there is a deal , it will benefit the eu at the expense of the uk, 
  this is right , the deal will benefit the eu and the uk will have to take its medicine . 
  not bullying someone does n't mean you have to be best mates . 
  just keep it professional . 
  i would n't tell him to not open pandora 's box , that will just make him curious ( that was the point of the fable fyi ) . 
  you do n't really owe him an explanation , just keep it professional and unemotional . 
  i remember when i took at job at 17 with a bunch of ex-cons and ex-army types and the first 6 months were fucking hard . 
  so many `` pranks '' that were borderline cruel . 
  locking people in the cold store for like up to 10 minutes , dropping food leftovers on people , general psychological gas lighting . 
  i was lucky because i was able to shrug it off and able to give them shit back simply because i 'm lucky enough to psychological be able to handle it guess , so eventually able to gain some level of `` acceptance '' , probably helped by the fact that i was older looking for my age and knew people in the community , still all the younger staff there got treated like shit , and they seemed to delight in making us suffer , even if you were accepted to the group , you 'd still be the bitch and end up doing all the shittiest jobs going and they 'd seemingly take pleasure in your suffering . 
  i could easily see how if i 'd been someone with mental health problems it might have pushed them over the edge . 
  sadly these hyper-aggressive hyper-macho work environment are n't too hard to find in the uk . 
  especially in typical male dominated jobs . 
   which are so similar that it hurts, 
  this is so incredibly stupid i do n't know where to start ... 
  this is actually common in many prestige british dialects , so in many ways it could be argued to be a regular part of british english . 
  certainly older rp speakers are guilty of this . 
  just look at the radio 4 show `` sorry i have n't a clue '' . 
  phrases like `` sorry , i have n't the time '' are also relatively common . 
  not just british dialects either , irish dialects do it too , `` i 've a horse outside '' springs to mind !, 
  it 's the perfect temperature for proper british activities like walking around damp fields and calling it hiking , staying in the pub moaning about the weather , and disappointing camping trips in wales that result in leaving a day early as you 've run out of beer and drugs . 
  no poisonous animals , no cataclysmic weather events , no predators larger than a fox . 
  england is a garden of easily tamable nature and that 's how we like it . 
  yeah , have to admit i was hoping for more . 
  i know . 
  but you 're still wrong . 
  want an argument ? 
  french , english , and german are so similar it hurts is just straight wrong . 
  language similarity is subjective to start with , we have no way to measure language `` similarity '' , all languages are similar in some ways and different in others . 
  is germany more like french than danish ? 
  probably not . 
  is english more like french than german ? 
  probably in some respects , but not others . 
  acting like they 're super similar is just plain stupid . 
  they are all clearly massively different languages with different grammars , different words , and different syntax . 
  moreover they 're not even the language most similar to one another .
