  but copies of your printed letters do ? 
  nobody could fake that ( unless of course they had access to ms word and photoshop ) courts these days are moving more and more towards favouring digital evidence , in reality it is not more reliable than a letter which was written on a computer , printed and sent in the post . 
  i 'll concede that courts put irrational weight on posted materials the difference is becoming less and less every year . 
   because your bank records prove that you did pay , what does this have to do with emails ? 
  because they provide circumstantial evidence for the verity of your claims . 
   i 'm not selling any service , what the fuck is wrong with you . 
  yes you fucking are , you are selling the service of accommodation rentals , you make a fucking profit off it otherwise it would n't be rational for you to fucking do it . 
  you are not living in reality i 'm afraid . 
   so that 's why i should put up with his bullshit ? 
  because you make money . 
  do n't like it ? 
  do n't take the fucking money . 
   the american version of customer service you seem to love is appalling . 
  they literally bend over backwards and let customers fuck them in the arse instead of telling them to gtfo . 
  the fuck i do . 
  the american attitude is way too extreme . 
  but it 's fucking better than the german `` fuck you '' mentality . 
  other countries manage a happy medium of being grateful for the profits someone is providing you without being greasy and sycophantic . 
  it 's common courtesy really , if you 're making a profit off me renting your flat then you should at least do me the common fucking courtesy of writing me a god damn letter . 
   so they would pay more ? 
  you literally do n't have any idea how that works ? 
  actually yes , if you raised prices slightly after the term had finished i would be far more likely to accept the cost if the landlord was helpful rather than a massive cunt . 
  i 'd also be more likely to tell my friends to go to him and offer my flat to them when i was leaving . 
  so yes it would , do you have idea how that works ? 
   so you literally never lived anywhere in germany ? 
  the customer is not selecting me . 
  i am selecting the tenant out of alternatives . 
  they apply to me . 
  actually there are plenty of places in germany where the availability of properties exceeds the number of people wanting to live there . 
  however even in central munich , maybe the more competitive property market in germany , i still told plenty of landlords to fuck off if i thought they were unreasonable or mean , like you seem to be . 
   ah , that kind of agency . 
  sure , that happens . 
  the fee is anything but minimal , though . 
  how did you get that impression ? 
  they like to charge 4-5 % of the rent including utilities , it 's ridiculous and nearly removes all the profit . 
  `` all the profit '' , do you even understand the basics of economics ? 
  in a good property area they could charge 10 % and the landlord would still be rolling in it if they own the property . 
  it 's entirely circumstantial . 
   at which point you will pay taxes to germany on your income . 
  not what i heard , but since i 'm not in that situation i ca n't vouch for this and discussing it further is futile . 
   you have no knowledge of the concept called `` registered mail '' ? 
  or the fact that the process servers gladly serve papers to anyone for an actual nominal fee ? 
  nothing my landlord has ever sent me as come his way . 
  it 's unnecessary in the real world . 
   all digital evidence as you understand it can only be entered as evidence by way of expert witness . 
  it 's fucking expensive . 
  technically yes , but a small claims court may as will be arbitration , they 'll side with whoever is convincing . 
   you do n't need any other evidence besides proof of payment . 
  case closed , anything else is irrelevant . 
  in your example at least, 
  oh yeah , apart from thing like establishing how much is to be paid and when it was due . 
  small things like that . 
  also could you stop down voting ... it 's petty ? 
  but then again you seem to be a petty minded individual . 
   it 's not a service that i 'm selling . 
  yes it is . 
   how about taking the money and not putting up with bullshit ? 
  works well for me . 
  as long as they pay on time i do n't ever have to talk to any of my tenants , ever . 
  maybe because some of your countrymen are still backwards enough to put up with that , although many seem to be coming around the anglo way of things . 
  ( it 's because they learnt to chill the fuck out ), 
   but you are not paying for the letter , you are paying for the flat . 
  anything besides requires extra effort on my part , effort that inconveniences me , you should be ashamed . 
  you should be ashamed to be greedily making a profit and not even make the common courtesy of respect back . 
  honestly you 're like the most extreme capitalist ever , you want people to be thankful you 're profiting off them . 
  so much for the socialist german ethos right ? 
   finally we have proof that you never rented an apartment in germany !, 
  for fucks sake , you were a good troll , though . 
  we do n't have terms !, 
  all rental contracts are of indeterminate and unlimited duration and it 's practically impossible for the landlord to terminate them if the tenants pays his rent on time . 
  ( except in very specific circumstances and only with a valid reason of the landlord , tenants can always stay for however long they want if that reason is n't actually real . 
  in fact they always have to be sued if one wants them to move out even if the reason actually exists ), 
   there is no raising of the rent at the end of a term . 
  i can demand and succesfully sue my tenants for rent increases , but i 'm limited to 20 % over three years and only upto the market rent at that time . 
  a by term and mean the period of time when you can legally raise the rent . 
  i 'm sorry if some english terminology turns up . 
  need i post photos of my flat in munich ? 
  ( i wo n't because you 're a raving cunt but anyway ), 
   why would i care if your friends want my flat ? 
  i do n't even know you . 
  good let 's hope your next tenant is a russian arsonist and burns the place down ( preferably with you in it ) . 
   possibly , in these areas it might be different . 
  but who the fuck would want to live there ? 
  nobody , obviously . 
  many people , just less than the number of a properties that are available . 
  berlin had this problem for a long fucking time . 
   apparently you do n't . 
  of the $ 100k i get i have to pay interest of $ 15k , $ 30k in maintenance , $ 10k to the agency and what do i have left ? 
  $ 45k on which i have to pay taxes , so i net about $ 25k . 
  if i did n't use that agency i had $ 35k instead of $ 25k . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  yes but when you 're actually rich and have 50 of those paying the agency is just good sense . 
  of course you 'd pay less to agencies in other countries but apparently germans love their agencies fucking them up the arse . 
   good god , you are unbelievable . 
  just throw the letter away and you landlord would n't have proof that you received that letter . 
  no because i 'm not a cunt . 
   i always take a witness and pop the mail in the tenants postbox , anything else is just asking for trouble . 
  you 're a psycho, 
   german mandatory arbitration can not make decisions , only mediate . 
  that was n't what i said .
