  ultimately , imo , and i think others would agree , debate is about convincing people , it 's about using a combination of rhetoric and argument to encourage other people to side with you . 
  the other kind of debate , one that aims at truth rather than relying on appearance , is the kind your might find in a periodic journal , one where someone painstakingly outlines their position , it 's published , and then months later someone with an opposing position responds after having all the time they need to consider . 
  policy debate and other similar kinds of debate are neither rhetoric or fact , they are a competition in speaking quickly , and argument by volume , the skills they are encourage are a kind of cheap quick manoeuvring to point out any kind of counter than might fly . 
  it 's devoid of real value . 
  if you want to promote it as a fun recreational game for people to play , go ahead , but do n't call it debate . 
  if you want a kind of debate that does n't discriminate or rely on social skills , have the arguments submitted in writing and then read by the judges . 
  submit the arguments in bullet point if you must . 
  do n't create a silly game of gibberish and call it debate . 
  you have quite a strong accent i 'm afraid . 
  i 'd guess you were asian because you miss some word final consonants such as the - d in the word `` child '' , would comes out as cheyel and `` what '' which sound like woa . 
  also your intonation is very strange , your pitch goes up almost as if you were used to speaking a tonal language . 
  for example `` not now '' , which sounded like `` no nah '' , `` dog '' and `` complain '' , all have really weird pitch changes that you would n't get in english usually . 
   this is totally true , and what i was trying to get at in my comment . 
  but , as i commented above cx is n't about convincing someone per se , it 's about linking evidence to things . 
  it sounds useless and to some extent it is . 
  these arguments would never , never , never hold up in an academic context . 
   but . 
  i would argue that a lot of what 's happening in politics is precisely this type of debate . 
  there are a ton of politicians who love a good ` slippery slope debate ' . 
  look at abortion , gay rights , or climate change . 
  a lot of politicians tell their constituents that if you allow an inch then the world will end . 
  and a lot of constituents do n't care to spend the time looking for more credible evidence or arguments so the politicians get away with it . 
  prime example being ted cruz . 
  yes , but why are people encouraging that by practising it ? 
  from an outside observer 's perspective this is * exactly * what is wrong with american politics . 
  you should be saying , these bullshitting skills are what you need to get ahead in life , you should be teaching people to refuse to acknowledge this kind of argumentation as nonsense so they 'll improve their bullshit detectors and demand more substantial argument from their politicians . 
  just look at the presidential debates from 40 years ago and compare them with today . 
  look at how congress behaves compared with today . 
  you have politicians legitimately arguing that socialised healthcare is slavery for doctors . 
  if you want to do this for fun then fine , there 's nothing wrong with that . 
  but to encourage in schools over more traditional forms of debates ( which are ultimately equally or almost as equally as educational ) , or writing real papers ( which are frankly more education since they require critique rather than just linking plausible premises with no consideration for whether they are actually true ) , is madness . 
  giving people scholarships for this when they could be given to someone who has a legitimately interesting academically thorough paper is madness too . 
  you 'll find that even lawyers need to make arguments that are convincing and probably true as well . 
  needless to say i think you 're talking nonsense . 
  there is no way it takes more actual thought to prepare for one of these debates than to write an actual academic standard paper on something . 
  no way in hell . 
  at best you can say is that preparing for something like gives kids a very superficial but very wide view of a topic area , rather than honing in on specific arguments and dissecting them meticulous with the kind of rigour that is expected from academia , they are collecting every possible angle , regardless of how legitimate it is and regardless of whether they believe it , purely to pre-empt their opponent , so they got some superficial response to anything the other guy might say , even if the other guy 's argument is far more believable . 
  it 's not helping critical thinkings skills and it 's not teaching them critique , at best they 're learning how to research a wide subject area . 
  if anything it 's doing the opposite of this and devaluing these ideas by teaching them that all passable arguments are equal . 
  a bad argument like :, 
  - trade assigns a value to things, 
  - as trade grows the number of things with a value assigned to them increases, 
  - as this set of valued thing increased eventually a value will be assigned to a human being, 
  - therefore trade leads to slavery, 
  is just as useful in a debate like this as a really good argument that actually makes sense . 
  i mean a moderately intelligent 12 year old could tear through an argument like that . 
   you debate to practice perfecting the skill of argument . 
  that 's exactly what they 're not doing . 
  as i said before , an argument either aims at truth or being convincing to an audience , this is neither , it 's a game of throw shit and see what sticks . 
  there is no real evaluation of evidence , just calling upon it for authority from time to time . 
  you are teaching people to win arguments at any cost by befuddling their opponent with unexpected reasoning . 
  either an argument is a competition in convincing the audience , or it should be the kind where if the opponent is right the other person should concede that and revise their position . 
  if this kind of debating was really about evidence as you say , then the person with the better evidence should win , and the other person should be swayed by this evidence and admit defeat , but that 's the exact opposite of what 's going on here , the goal is to win and not to decide who 's right , and while that is the case then this is not an evidence based argument but rather a merely language game where you try to score points on the basis of the criteria the rules of the debate set . 
  you can point to successful policy debaters who became lawyers or politicians and that 's fine , but i could point at successful chess players who did the same . 
  it does n't tell you anything more than the people who are successful in the things they put their hands to are often successful in other things as well . 
  these guys are an endless source of quality gif material . 
  well almost always : /, 
  you 've misunderstood though . 
  genes affect personality , but genes vary within communities . 
  a dane may have genes that make them liable to have a passionate side just as much as an italian might . 
  there 's a difference between saying , we can isolate a piece of genetic information that occurs frequently in alcoholics , and i 've got irish blood therefore i must like a drink . 
  what 's wrong with the raf ? 
  they were just returning the favour that the luftwaffe had done to them . 
  it would be more like going around shouting that you supported the nazis or at least the bayernpartei frankly . 
  ah , that makes a lot more sense . 
  again , it does n't work for europeans . 
  native americans and stuff like pacific islanders who have n't interbred with other populations tend to suffer very similar medical problems because they are genetically similar . 
  until colonists arrived they 'd been living in culture equivalent to pre-roman northern europe in terms of travel . 
  making a crass generalisation like irish people love to drink or italians love to argue totally ignores that the northern european population has been interbreeding for thousands of years . 
  silly accents ? 
  that 's rich !, 
  different for everyone . 
  i do enjoy it now and then , great way to just enjoy a night at home with a film or a good book . 
  you need to differentiate two things first . 
  one is the chance something will happen , and one is the probability you can logically infer from a situation . 
  if someone offers you a coin toss , it makes no difference if you choose heads or tails , because coin flips are assumed to be 50/50 . 
  however if it turns out the coin was weighted then obviously this was a false assumption . 
  now when you 're offered two doors and asked to guess , assuming we have no other information , it 's logical to treat it as a 50/50 chance to win . 
  however , ultimately the prize is behind 1 door , and if you pick that door there 's a 100 % chance of it being correct , and if you pick the other 0 % chance of winning . 
  the thing about the monty hall problem that people do n't realise is that eliminating one door is a bit like saying `` the coin is weighted towards heads '' . 
  because the person who eliminates one choice knows the winner and is unable to eliminate the winner , they are giving you a hint so to speak about which door has the prize behind it . 
  which door wins is set and never changes , the probability is actually to do with the chance you 'll guess correctly , and not the chance that a specific door will win . 
  the elimination informs your guess so it 's no longer logical to treat it as a 50/50 chance of winning . 
  many people mistakenly think of probability as a fixed part of reality rather than a question of what we know , so they mistakenly think it 's magic when the swapping increases the odds of winning , as if it 's some mysterious magic force that 's changing the location of the prize . 
  nothing so exciting i 'm afraid , it 's as simple as the reality that the act of elimination is indirectly giving you information about the probably set up of the doors . 
  it 's just an old fashioned grammar rule that people do n't generally observe anymore . 
  really not incorrect unless you 're going to go by what dusty old librarians say . 
  the language people use defines what is correct . 
  more people say `` it 's me '' than `` it is i '' these days , so that 's the new correct way to do it . 
  go back to 1890 plz, 
   good candy is made by hershey, 
  you americans make me laugh sometimes . 
  people here speaking in common parlance whilst one tosser complains about because he took philosophy 101 and he thinks it makes him seem intelligent . 
  struggling to come to terms with itself in an a even more globalised world that increasingly sees the asian mega cities as the centre of the global economic sphere , but like how post war europe lost its centre of the universe mentality and had to adapt . 
  that articles implies that doggy bags are common in anglo-cultures . 
  actually that 's nonsense , it 's mostly just america . 
  in the uk i have almost never had a doggy bag and asking for one would be rather embarrassing anywhere other than a cheap quasi fast food place like pizza hut or nandos and/or places that offer take out . 
  it 's not really that you 'd look poor though , it 's more that :, 
  it could make you look cheap , like you could n't bear to part with that food you 've purchased despite the fact you 're full . 
  it could make you look greedy , extra large portions are considered naff for the most part except for the aforementioned cheap restaurants , so if you have extra it 's because you ordered too much,
