  maybe do something about that shitty attitude of yours and you 'll find britain a far more welcoming place . 
  i do n't really think you 've thought this through . 
  imagine we made the english language phonetic ... given we have no standardised form of the language like german , and we have no chance in hell of convincing everyone accept one dialect as canonical , then there is no chance in hell in keeping the language together when its speakers are spread all over the world . 
  we could start teaching kids simplified ipa and having them write with it tomorrow , but immediately we 'd have problems understanding one another . 
  australians would be stuck trying to sound aloud scottish phonology in a vain attempt to comprehend an email they 'd received . 
  it would entail the immediate accelerated divergence of the language . 
  even if we convinced everyone to use rp or genam as the phonological base or the spelling , it would still leave kids confused as to why caught and cot were or were n't spelt the same , or understanding it 's `` butter '' and not butta or budder for a diary product spread on toast . 
  kids with less influential dialects like south african or new zealand would have all the problems learning spelling that native children have now , whereas rp or gen am speakers would have an easy time of it . 
  it might even erode the rich diversity of english as the dialects of kids born after such a spelling reform naturally gravitated towards the written standard as has happened in other languages . 
  arguably , the non-phonological nature of english orthography is a reason why it has been so successful as a world language , as it 's very easy for people in different nations to communicate with one another with the written form of the language . 
  in a similar way to how despite huge divergence amongst chinese dialects , the uniform writing system has allowed chinese speakers over 1000 miles away on the other side of the country to have problem free written communication . 
  however , english has arguable been even more effective , as english words retain a flavour of their phonology , without rigidly defining it , it also prevents dialects from diverging to such a huge degree in the spoken form more effectively than an entirely symbolic language . 
  you get the best of a phonetic spelling system , insofar as the spoken forms tend to be highly mutually intelligible , and the best of a symbolic system , insofar as all speakers can write to each other without any problems whatsoever . 
  bitching because english has turned out to be the world language and works the way it does is utterly utterly futile when you realise that nobody designed english , it naturally arose the way it did , and had it been different the maybe it would n't even be the world language at all . 
  if it had worked differently then ame and bre might be as different from one another as dutch and german by now , why do n't you think about that before you start complaining because even advanced 2nd language speakers of the language even struggle to pronounce the standard forms correctly . 
  languages evolve naturally as they are adapted by speakers to their needs and natural drift occurs both across the language completely and within various regional dialects . 
  it was not designed by committee with 2nd language speakers in mind in the hope it would become a world language, 
  totally general american ... not neutral . 
  no accent is neutral . 
  dealing with asia antique dealers is brutal from what i 've heard from dealers . 
  know some that made a killing moving jade from the us and europe into asia . 
  most of them a hell of a lot worse than getting a degree in a less than ideal subject . 
  river and sea power my friend . 
  london grew because the thames allowed goods to be imported and exported . 
  birmingham and manchester were linked to london by rivers like the severn , avon , mersey and a system of canals . 
  holland is nothing but rivers and lowland so their ports grew , also beings the main port for the trade of goods between britain and the continent . 
  those river connected to the rhine , where we see the main population hubs in germany running down the west of the country . 
  the rhone and sa\u00f4ne allowed goods to be transported from what is now the western reaches of germany to the mediterranean . 
  rivers were the life blood of european civilisation and you can still see that today . 
  but you 're missing the point . 
  english is standardised as a written language , and if it had been standardised phonetically in every country in which it is spoken then it might have not become a world language at all . 
  you seem to be acting as if standardisation is necessary or ideal , but you seem to be only coming at it from your point of view as someone who has learnt the language as a 2nd language . 
  if we want to keep english together as a world language it might be better that we avoid the phoneticisation of english orthography . 
  just look at spanish for comparison . 
  a language with a far more phonetic spelling system . 
  in parts of south america the traditional spelling is almost as byzantine and difficult to learn as english for speakers there precisely because the language is based on older forms of spanish spoken in spain . 
  the reality is that we only have a few options :, 
  1 ) teach people to write phonetically in their own dialect , with a universal system of phonetic recognition for the whole world . 
  this would impair written communication amongst english speakers who would have to read each other in the writer 's dialect . 
  2 ) teach people a phonetic spelling system based off one of the prestige english dialects . 
  this would mean people with non-prestige dialects still have trouble spelling words , and could also diminish other dialects of the english language . 
  there 's also no chance in hell that the english speaking world agreeing on a form . 
  ca n't imagine uk , ireland , and us all agreeing to use one accent as the basis for the spelling system . 
  3 ) leave it the way it has been working for hundreds of years now and leave it up to foreign language learners to learn the phonetics of the english language . 
  let 's face it , it 's going to be 3 , and you can moan all you want but it 's not the job of english speakers to make the language easier for learners just because it 's now the world language . 
  you may as well ask the chinese to switch to the roman alphabet , the russians to stop using cases , or the spanish to stop having genders . 
  oh and a few more points . 
   because it 's never clear whether a is pronounced / a / or / \u00e6 / in a word , hence why multiple accepted readings . 
  this is predictable . 
  in most english dialects it 's always / \u00e6 / unless followed by an - r with the exception of a few loan words . 
  in english and australian accents featuring the trap-bath split - a is pronounced / a / when it is followed by / f / / v / / \u03b8 / and / \u00f0 / . 
  although there are a fair few exceptions . 
  honestly , if you want to know how to say english words the secret is simply to get good at using phonetic script . 
  those students who learn it are far more likely to achieve a native like pronunciation than those who do n't . 
  the english system of having spelling set in stone regardless of how the language develops could possibly be the best system after all , despite your protestations . 
   no , i 'm not objecting to english being hard to learn because its spelling is bad . 
  i 'm objecting because its spelling is inconsistent . 
  tough , through , thorough , thought - how is it these words are spelled exactly the same but pronounced quite differently ? 
  these are exactly the same thing . 
  the criteria for `` bad '' you are using is inconsistent reflection of phonology in the orthography of the language i.e you ca n't always know how to say a word just from knowing how it 's spelt . 
  you ask how these words are spelling the same but pronounced differently ... the answer is simple ... because english not a language with a phonetic spelling system . 
  the sound of a word and its spelling are separate things that the spelling system only partially reflects . 
   i 'm not going to speak for ireland but i do n't see why the uk and us ca n't decide on one dialect to base a phonetic system on . 
  it 's probably going to be rp , just do n't say it 's southern england english and you 'll get more people on board . 
  yeah that will never happen . 
  america is n't just going to start writing words like cot and caught differently under a phonetic system because people in britain pronounce them differently . 
   also for the record , i was talking about how ambiguity of a word likely caused pronunciation to drift . 
  is ` bath ' pronounced / ` ba\u03b8 / or / ` b\u00e6\u03b8 / ? 
  who knows , the british decided on the former and the americans decided on the latter . 
  if you live in the uk you should know full well that half the country pronounces it / ` b\u00e6\u03b8 / , and as a foreigner nobody cares which one you use . 
   maybe if english was phonetic 200 years ago and a could only be pronounced one way then there would n't have been this divergence . 
  except there 's a wealth of research that suggests that that is n't the case , that 's why languages like german have to have spelling reforms every few decades . 
  you 're also missing that fact that english has never been spoken uniformly , it has always been divergent , simply put there was never a time when everyone could agree on how `` bath '' should be pronounced ( despite a universal standard spelling ) even before columbus even discovered america . 
  i do n't want to offend you mate but your ideas are really naive and do n't seem to take into account the reality of the language 's history , both orthographic and phonetic . 
  in shakespeare 's day everyone spelt how they wanted and everyone spoke how the wanted too ( based on their regional dialects ) . 
  it took a great deal of effort to get everyone to spell the same , but it was eventually achieved ( barring a few of noah webster 's alterations ) , but getting everyone to speak the same was impossible , and thus an entirely accurate phonetic orthography was impossible . 
  the only reason a language like german can have an easy spelling system is because at some point in history the authority invented a standard spoken form out of thin air and managed to convince most speakers to use it , even if they mostly used it like a 2nd language for speaking to non-locals and spoke their own dialects at home . 
  ( and as i mentioned , this spelling system has to be reformed every once in a while because of linguistic drift ) . 
  you should face the reality that english spelling is n't `` bad '' it 's just got a different system from some other languages , and you should also realise it 's no going to change regardless of how global a language english becomes , so there 's no point being pissy and saying english is your least favourite language because the spelling ... deal with it for go speak a different one , simple as that . 
  [ this is a great clip discussing the treatment of the netherlands and that attitudes afterwards ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqddnbxxn20 ), 
   yeah exactly . 
  if german can do it why ca n't english ? 
  you 're still making the point of `` it 'll be too difficult '' . 
  the world standardized on the metric system and its the same thing . 
  yes , people still use non metric in many day to day activities , but also yes that among the younger generation metric is now preferred . 
  germany could do it due to having few speakers that were less spread out over the world . 
  a central authority , the holy roman empire , had that power . 
  also , german state dialects were so divergent as to be almost different languages . 
  hochdeutsch was used as a lingua franca for national unification . 
  britain never had that problem and thus the demand for it was never there . 
   it wo n't be an overnight thing , but trying is better than sitting back and not doing anything . 
  reform the spelling , teach it in school , slowly phase out current writing and in 50 years we can see the result . 
  probably still wo n't be perfect , but better than what we have now . 
  you 're assuming because because you have a serious issue with it , everyone must . 
  that 's simply not the case . 
  sticking with the system that has led to english being a world language seems like a safe path , radical changes seem like a risk . 
   good job on the `` do n't speak it if you do n't like it '' , by the way . 
  that 's just one step before shutting out any and all criticism . 
  it 's a fair enough position to take . 
  german would be easier for me if it did n't have a gender system and simplified it 's infection system .
