  it then gets cut again in the country it 's sold in which is where you get a 40 pound grams that are only 20 % cocaine . 
  often though in western countries people pay too much extra for what they think is uncut merely because the dealer has n't cut it , when in fact it 's been cut to shit on the way down to their dealer and they 'd be better off with the cheap stuff . 
  damn right , half of those things were n't remotely important world events , and tonnes of more important international stuff was missing . 
  that was markedly less impressive . 
  that 's not the point . 
  mcdonalds may no longer ask whether you want a girl 's or a boy 's happy meal but if the customer says i want the boy 's then it 's pretty obvious what they mean . 
  feigning that you 're so socially enlightened that you do n't even know what is meant by boy 's toy is just the act of a fucking retard . 
  [ where we 're going we wo n't need eyes ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htr5cjpsp-g ), 
  anecdotally , i believe this is quite common from what i 've heard from english speakers with children living in germany . 
  the kids get raised bilingual but at some point they get all funny about speaking the language that is n't used in the country they 're living in . 
  the way i see it , it 's similar to when a parent speaks one dialect with the children but all the other people in their life and their peers speak another . 
  when they hit a certain age they become more aware and self-conscious and just want to be like their peers , fearing that the outsider language / dialect marks them as not part of the group they reject it often point blank refusing to use it . 
  from a parent 's perspective think the important thing is to keep the language in use to some extent until they get through this immature stage of self-conscious rejection that lies between the point where they do n't worry about the language they 're speaking and when they realise the benefit of being bilingual . 
  who said anything about americans and what ? 
  that does n't remotely reflect incidents i 've experienced . 
  i do n't know any americans in this situation , the anecdotes are from german families with one british parent . 
  the kids regularly spend time in britain over the holidays seeing grandparents . 
  there is n't the slightest comparison with the persecuted dialect because nobody expects the kids to speak the language anywhere but at home anyway , their knowledge of english does n't influence their german since they 're far more german than they are british . 
  the kids are n't expected to express their innermost desires in english either . 
  the british parent has been in germany 20 years and speaks perfect german . 
  i was merely commenting on the fact that they just stopped wanting to practice english at home at all , seeing it as a chore and something to avoid when they could whilst before they happily used both languages . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's just the fact at that immature stage in life they do n't want to do anything that marks them as a different so trying to be a mono-lingual as possible is part of that . 
  no need for far reaching unfounded hypotheses . 
  well in most the world the law is more sensible . 
  the age of consent at 18 seems ridiculously high . 
  furthermore even in countries where the age of consent is 15 or 16 , a 15 or 16 year old would not be treated as a rapist if they were to have sex with partner one year younger than them . 
  america is on the whole very backwards in this regard . 
  from a legal standpoint i 'm in favour of romeo and juliet laws . 
  for example in texas there a law that states it will not necessarily constitute rape if : -, 
  - the accused was not more than 3 years older than the perceived victim, 
  - the perceived victim was older than 14 years of age at the time of the offense, 
  - the accused was not at the time registered or required to register for life as a sex offender, 
  - the conduct did not constitute incest, 
  - neither the accused nor perceived victim would commit bigamy by marrying the other ( in other words , neither was married to a third person ), 
  personally i think a law like this combined with a 16 age of consent would be an ideal system . 
  despite the actual number given to the age of consent being somewhat arbitrary , it still serves an important function in society . 
  from an evolutionary standpoint it might make sense for a 21 year old to be sexually attracted to well developed 14 year old , however the distinction is not made on the grounds of what is a normal sexual appetite . 
  from an evolutionary standpoint the sexual appeal of an individual does n't depend on age , but rather on physical development , something that can vary widely between teenagers , that is to say it 's perfectly possible for a 14 year old to look the same as a 20 year old . 
  rather the age of consent forms the point chosen to determine when an individual is sufficiently mentally developed to be able to enter into a consenting sexual act from a legal standpoint . 
  it 's the responsibility of everyone who legally constitutes an adult to be able to take this notion into consideration , and to understand that despite a potential partner outwardly appearing mature , if they are not above the age of consent they are unable to fully comprehend the consequences of sexual behaviour , and that doing so would them would be inherently exploitative on their behalf . 
  this is also why romeo and juliet laws are so just , as it prevents people who themselves do not constitute legal adults from being prosecuted as if they were capable of comprehending the importance of this distinction . 
  the problem with ages of consent generally , especially in a country like the us , is that once an age has been set it 's very hard to change anything in law , as anyone who suggests so will come under accusations of immorality from more conservative groups . 
  i love the idea . 
  who know if it 'll work though . 
  furthermore i really do n't think melee combat is a goer . 
  i mean you 'd essentially be just repetitively swinging your weapon in the air . 
  i 'm sure it could lead to some injuries too , smacking your team mate in the face with a padded stick . 
  the rests seems feasible if somewhat hard to accomplish though . 
  i would really love to see some type of flight simulation using a vr headset and a gyroscope style ride with a full sphere of motion . 
  furthermore i lazer tag style game could be made with vr mapped onto the layout of an warehouse filled with obstacles . 
  however there 's still a high risk of injury , everything in the place would have to be padded , and there would be a great danger in having more than one person there at a time . 
  imagine something went wrong with the software and player locations were n't accurately represented , this could lead to players running head on into each other . 
  that said the ideas have potential . 
  i highly doubt however that this company is going to be able to deliver anything like the experience represented in this video , it 's going to take a lot of reiterations before this is remotely possible . 
  obviously impossible to take into account the mental maturity of every individual on a case by case basis . 
  obviously it 's possible for a 20 year old to look 27 but to have the emotional/mental maturity of a 14 year old . 
  however there are cases where people suffer from some form of mental illness , and despite being over the age of consent may not be considered able to consent to a sexual relationship , however this is obviously a very tricky issue that has to be taken on a case by case basis . 
  i 'll also add that in regards to the law in texas i mentioned one should not be able to `` age out '' of the romeo and juliet law . 
  for example if a couple met when one was 15 and the other was 17 , the gap would not increase and would always be within the 3 year tolerance . 
  there may be places where the laws only apply to relationships between couples where both parties are under the age of consent . 
  so when the older party came of age they 'd be suddenly be a position that was a lot more legally problematic in which case what you said would be so . 
  cases where a legal adult looks very young obviously are n't a problem from a legal standpoint . 
  showing us that the law is n't really concerned with the normality of a person 's sexual impulses but rather protection of people under a certain arbitrary point in life . 
  there are some cases however of people being pulled up on paedophilia charges for looking at pornography on the basis of what a porn actor/actress `` looks like '' rather than the actual age of actor/actress , and personally i find his type of thing highly unjust , given that i would say the purpose of such pornography laws is primarily to protect persons under the age of 18 from being exploited by producers of pornography and not the judge the normality of someone 's sexual impulses . 
  does that make me super cool because i 'm a native english speaker in germany ? 
  i hope so !, 
  that said i should really do my daily german homework . 
  bitcoin seems to attract delusional libertarians like mad . 
  after all , these are the same people who think the federal reserve is a conspiracy by european jews to keep the hard working white american man down . 
  it 's no surprise they have a hard on for cryptocurrencies . 
  a true paytriot . 
  let 's enact marshal law because someone burnt some cloth , such freedom !, 
  god that kid is just at that age where if you say `` do n't x '' you may as well be telling them to do it . 
  murican , what they do n't realise is they all sound like this when they say words with a short - o sound . 
  also what gives away tyrion 's faux british accent in got since he struggles with this sound . 
  american english just has less vowels than other dialects , general american uses the same for pot as an stereotypical british accent uses in park . 
  we do n't under pronounce the - r in barb , we do n't say it at all . 
  there is no - r sound in word like barb , there 's only an - r sound in words where the - r is followed by a vowel like rob and deride . 
  the way a standard british speaker would say barb is very close to the way a general american speaker would say bob . 
  furthermore in general american - t and - d are virtually merged , to the point where they 're allophones for some people , that 's why you get people writing `` happy st. patty 's day '' instead of paddy 's day . 
  this goes for many things , for example in british english father and farther are homophones , and due to general americans lack of vowels mary and marry are homophones . 
  this video is actually completely wrong : / tom scott is usually good but he 's really oversimplified this to the point of being incorrect . 
  welcome to being any nationality other than american on reddit . 
  mention in it , or post anything relevant to it , and instantly be spammed with crap repetitive jokes about it . 
  that said , i feel bad for you because you 've got only one joke people remember so that my get boring even sooner . 
  some example might be australians - you 're upside down , canadians - i 'm sorry , britons - rootytootypointnshooty , u wot m8 , french - surrender monkeys , french flag on moon . 
  this list goes on and the hivemind never tires of it : /, 
  sorry , you died of dysentery, 
  pino noir , mid-sized car ? 
  they do n't do that in the countries in europe i 've lived in . 
  although the media is critical of your values . 
  15 years for peeing in the street ? 
  inhumane prisons ? 
  gun ownership for protection and so on ? 
  all seem contrary to the european way of life . 
  i do see the american media spreading stuff about the eu saying that it 's on the brink of collapse and stuff , mainly because exaggeration sells i 'd imagine . 
  pretty sure that 's how it 's pronounced . 
  if anyone is curious the word was segue . 
  technically it 's al-lyew-min-ee-um , also it 's a different word spelt aluminum in those place . 
  no , because patrick is always shortened to paddy,
