  it 's even got some roads crossing it with nothing but give way . 
  no way it was designed for the amount of traffic it gets , especially the heavy vehicles . 
  really should be a motorway but of course nobody 's go money for that . 
   stop projecting, 
   you fat fuck, 
  lol . 
  also , since when is the road your designated workout area you entitled fuck ? 
  if you 're cycling to get somewhere fine , but if you 're cycling for you health go to the fucking park/track . 
  you 're the perfect example of one of these high and mighty cyclists who 's going to keep going on about how cars should be sharing the road and their right to the road until they 're nothing but a red smear . 
   that 's not what defensive driving is , and that 's not what i 'm suggesting they are doing/should do . 
  the point is to preemptively avoid a dangerous overtake by dissuading the driver from wanting to overtake you . 
  you do n't `` swerve out as they 're overtaking them '' . 
  you move more toward the center of the lane when the driver is clearly not trying to overtake when you think they might attempt a dangerous overtake in the future . 
  that 's exactly what i mean by swing out . 
  replace swing out with `` move more toward the center of the lane when the driver is clearly not trying to overtake when you think they might attempt a dangerous overtake in the future . '' ... 
  doing such things is stupid as fuck , you wo n't dissuade someone who 's already an idiot , and what 's the fucking point in taking that risk when you can simply pull over or let them pass and the danger is gone . 
  do n't use your life as a deterrent to bad driving . 
   that 's not besides the point at all . 
  hearing and sight are extremely valuable tools to determine where drivers are around you , and to figure out how to maneuver around them . 
  this applies even more when drivers are high , drunk , reckless , or insane , because then you can decide whether it 's worth it to throw your entire body into the ditch to get out of their way . 
  it is besides the point in regards to this . 
  i 'm not saying `` do n't ever use sight and sound to determine what drivers are doing around you '' , to suggest such a thing is utterly idiotic . 
  paying attention might let you make an evasive manoeuvre and avoid an idiot , sure . 
  however sight and sound are n't going to tell you if a driver is sane and will react to your moving more to the centre of the lane by backing off a bit , or if they 're drunk and are going to plough straight into the back of you . 
  sight and sound do n't tell you about the mental state of the driver behind . 
   in the scenario where you assume they 're too stupid to swing wider , i would argue they 're also too stupid to pass you safely without having to swing wider and you 're gon na get fucked regardless of the `` added danger '' . 
  that makes no sense whatsoever . 
  even the biggest idiot knows to give some space for the cyclist , if you change the distance required deliberately though , many bad drivers are not going to know to compensate for that . 
   additionally , if a car does decide to pass you , it will force them to swing wider , and if they encounter an oncoming car , it gives you room to move left . 
  or they could just not swing wider and plough into the back of you , or your more central position could mean they jerk left to avoid a head on collision ( whereas before they might 've just lost a wing mirror ) and doing so smash into you or go off the road meaning your ditch is now full of twisted metal moving at 60 mph . 
  there 's a fuck load of variables , width of the road , speed , all sorts , but it does n't take a genius to realise a bad/inebriated driver is going to be able to handle consistency far more easily than reacting to your defensive move . 
  edit ; and nobody is saying put yourself so close the curb that you risk clipping it , i 'm saying keep a safe steady distance , as near as you can manage without endangering yourself and maintain it . 
  that 's what most cyclists do , that 's what i do , and it fucking works , it 's only these lycra wearing `` let 's go cycle on a 80mph road and pretend it 's the olympics '' bro dudes who think they 're just like cars simply because they can hit 40mph and can behave as such . 
   yes , you will dissuade them . 
  even impatient idiotic psychopaths do n't simply run over bikes in the middle of the road . 
  it 's the people who do n't see you at all , or the people who underestimate how much space it takes to pass that kill you . 
  almost never does someone run you over just because they want to or because they 're stupid . 
  seriously , where have i suggested that the drivers are trying to kill you ... '' the people who underestimate how much space it takes to pass that kill you '' this is the scenario we 're talking about , the scenario that you 're vastly increasing the chances of happening by deliberately putting yourself in the middle of the lane in some vain attempt to stop them taking a lesser risk . 
  you seem to have some delusion believe that by going mid-lane you 're going to stop even the underestimater from underestimating you . 
  that 's not how it works ( as well as the fact you 're using your own life as a deterrent ) . 
  what 's actually going to happen in that some bad driver is going to come along expecting you to be curbside , give you the normal amount of room he 's absent mindedly given cyclists a million times in the past , and then find out you 're mid lane but by then you 'll be under his wheels . 
   you ca n't `` simply pull over '' when you 're going 60km/hr , or even 20km/hr for that matter . 
  by the time you 've slowed to half your speed , they 'll have already passed you making your stop irrelevant , or worse they 'll have hit you because you stopped randomly in the middle of the fucking road, 
  when i said `` pull over '' i was talking about cars . 
  for a cyclist they should maintain speed and their ordinary curbside position on the road . 
   you can hear/see them coming . 
  if they attempt to pass you when you 're in the middle of the road , you have a warning to get to the side , be on extra lookout for them passing , and to be prepared to head for the ditch . 
  you would not have this otherwise . 
  yeah , let 's go test to see if the dog bites by sticking our arm in the cage , if it goes for it , we 'll know to put our gloves on . 
  except the dog has rabies and single bite can kill you . 
   the point is that in the worst case scenario , they will not compensate any more than they normally would . 
  in which case they 'll hit you because you 're in the middle of the lane and when they 're expecting you to be a few feet from the curb and next thing you know you 're in the ambulance with a crushed rib cage . 
   best case scenario ( and most of the time ) they will give you more room . 
  accidents always happen in the best case of scenarios and most of the time is fine because we 'll only die a little bit of the time . 
   no sane driver will give you less room because you 're in the middle of the road . 
  do you not understand that they do n't have to give you less room in order for you to die ? 
  all they have to do is give the normal room they 're expecting from a curbside cyclist , and for you to be in the centre of the lane , and you 're already toast . 
  edit : ** i do n't care how * relatively * experienced you are , putting that in bold makes you look arrogant and cocky as hell **, 
  glad you someone sees sense . 
  seems this threads been invaded by lycra clad idiots . 
  i live on the continent now and the cycling is far far better and far more common place . 
  i love using my bike here but would never do so back in the uk . 
  one reason is obviously because of the large number of cycle paths which keeps everyone happy , but i think a big factor is because cycling is so normal and commonplace that for the most part there 's a totally different mentality . 
  bikes here are a practical mode of transport for everyone to get around town , grannies with their shopping , pizza delivery guys with boxes on the back . 
  these people do cycle on the road when they have to , but if the pavement is wide and empty enough they 'll use it without fear of being fined , and if there 's a path they 'll always use it , generally most people go slow , 10-15 mph , much faster than walking but obviously not comparable to a car . 
  this means that if people do go on the road they are far more cautious , they expect the traffic to pass them and stick curbside , doing their best to not disrupt traffic . 
  the serious cyclists take their bikes on the train and go enjoy the countryside with it 's excess of scenic trails and safe places to cycle . 
  or at least stay off the main roads . 
  compare this to the uk cyclist community who seem to think that, 
  the road is their gym , they 're completely entitled to use the road because they 're getting their cardio , and if you 're a cycling club , well let 's do the same but let 's make a convoy 2 abreast and 8 ranks deep . 
  who cares if we 're not actually going anywhere and could be doing the same on a circuit ? 
  also , if a car comes around a blind bend behind us and turns us into strawberry jam ? 
  at least we 'll all go together . 
  a bicycle is the same as a car . 
  particularly bad with the country roads cycling lot . 
  cycling in a pair ? 
  2 abreast . 
  road wide enough for 3 cars never mind 2 cars and a bike ? 
  fuck you , i 'm cycling in the middle of the road because i 'm the same as a car . 
  what 's the difference between 30 mph and 60 mph ? 
  i 'm basically a moped . 
  i know , let 's go do some country cycling , we can cycle down some major a-roads rather than use the back roads of course , why should n't we ? 
  we 're the same as cars . 
  we 'll ignore the traffic jam behind us , that 's the toll people pay for failing to save the environment . 
  the rules do n't apply to us . 
  particularly bad with the inner city commuters . 
  rules seem to only apply to these guy when it 's in their favour . 
  they 'll act all pissed off when you fail to give them a car 's breadth of space on that narrow inner city road , but traffic lights ? 
  give way ? 
  weaving around dense traffic like a motor bike to get the front of the traffic jam only to delay everyone when they have to pass you for the eighth time ? 
  do n't you dare think of turning left when i 'm approaching you from behind . 
  no problem , cyclists are above the law . 
  try being an ordinary guy in jeans and a t-shirt on a cheap bike in the uk . 
  prepare to be tutted and sneered at . 
  prepare to be dangerously overtaken by that guy in a his newest lime green lycra outfit and aerodynamic helmet on his 2 grand 80 gear road bike . 
  funny how cyclists do n't give each other a car 's breadth of space when overtaking . 
  remember you 're not a real cyclist if you do n't acknowledge that cycling is serious business , it 's not a slightly faster alternative to walking , it 's a whole different way of life and an alternative to a car . 
  you 've got to put at least enough money into your bike and gear as you would a 2nd hand car or you 're not proving to everyone how eco-conscious you are . 
  the cycling culture in the uk is fucking toxic . 
  it 's funny what a small demographic actually cycle in the uk , it 's just endless middle aged male tossers who think they can pedal their way to success .
