  reddit is so elite only rationalists like yourself use reddit . 
  i do n't want to have a discussion , but why do n't you look at how tax as decreased for high earners since america 's boom times and put your thinking cap on . 
  welcome to 2011, 
  people got uppity when you called it a speech impediment . 
  it 's nothing of the sort , it 's an accent , there 's a vast difference between not using a sound because it sounds wrong to you simply because the people around you do n't use it , and being unable to make a sound because you have a vocal impairment . 
  you would n't speak the way the queen speaks now would you ? 
  because people around you would think it odd , it 's exactly the same . 
  so what if you do n't value their friendship and want to have sex with them ? 
  it does n't mean one does n't value `` women 's '' friendship it just means that they do n't value this woman 's friendship , or at least would find friendship difficult because it would be emotionally complicated . 
  it 's complete bullshit to assume that a man is by necessity sexist because he 's not interesting in pursuing friendship with a girl he wants to be sexually intimate with . 
  honestly it 's utter bullshit . 
  some people you are romantically attracted to , some people you want to have sex with , others you are platonically interested in . 
  the three are not the same . 
  it 's perfectly possible for someone to approach a member of their preferred gender with the intention of having sex/forming a relationship , develop an infatuation with this person , and for the recipient of this attention , despite knowing the other person 's emotional desire , to utilise this to their own ends by maintaining a close bordering on intimate friendship thus keeping alive the other 's hope of it developing into more when they have no intention of allowing it to become so . 
  all friendzone really means is that someone is attracted to someone , and that person is solely interested in being friends with the other . 
  there 's no required presumption that the besotted person does not value that person , it 's merely that their emotional infatuation is not suitable to being platonic buddies . 
  sure if a guy is just being friendly merely out of a desire to get laid with no romantic intention and a sense of being owed sex for this then he 's a dick , but in most cases where this terminology is used then this just is n't true . 
  it 's pure tumblrite bullshit . 
  edit : i hope anyone can see what happens if you challenge these type of moronic views held by tumblr sjw 's without an academic accreditation to their name , they ca n't actually counter an argument so they resort to childish tactics to try and enforce their brain dead consensus . 
  friendzone is now a tainted word because of idiots like this but it was never intended to mean anything like what they 've decided it does . 
  that is utter shit . 
  the friend simply means one person is attracted and the other wants to maintain a platonic distance . 
  i 'm not saying what you 've described ca n't happen , but that 's not what friendzone actually means . 
  good response , well countered . 
  well done on being a sjw moron who 's taken a word totally out of context and perverted it to your agenda . 
  what a good response , you 've certainly demonstrated to me why i 'm wrong . 
  surely because tumblr agrees with you then you are right . 
  what are your preferred pronouns by the way ? 
  yes , what a good argument . 
  clearly by trying to be condescending you are making yourself appear smarter and your argument far more lucid . 
  naturally everyone agrees with your neo-feminist tumblr wank . 
  go ahead and keep digging . 
  since you ca n't actually express with words why you 're right other than you read it on tumblr , you 're not actually helping your cause . 
  what an intelligent response , want to provide an argument ? 
  you are so smart , making statements and then saying `` all right , friend '' the moment someone disagrees with you . 
  absolutely supports your prior statements . 
  you sure are convincing anybody that reads this far that you know your shit . 
  hey , do n't worry . 
  i 'm sorry you ca n't discriminate between tumblrite wank and legitimately important issues . 
  i 'm sorry about raping you by using the friendzone in your imaginary rape world . 
  i feel bad for you bro , being that stupid must make your life hard . 
  yes perfectly , my belief that one person can be attracted to another without wanting to be friends , whilst the other does desire friendship , without one devaluing the other as a human being is surely equivalent to using physical force to penetrate someone against their will . 
  your logical is infallible . 
  the word is the word , some self-identified feminists have projected that meaning onto it when most of the word 's original users never meant it in that sense in the slightest . 
  the idea that its users mean it in the derogatory sense is a slur no more intelligent than neck beard or fedora . 
  `` internet feminism '' as opposed to `` academic feminism '' , is a steaming pile of horse shit and nobody should pay them an moment of attention , they merely detract from legitimate issues , that 's why peer review exists . 
  why , because we 're now supposed to take every bloggers deranged and inane ramblings as seriously as academic literature , that 's not doing harm it 's keeping the world sane . 
  friendzone is a stupid slang term for people in situations with unrequited interest , condemning it as misogyny incarnate is just another stupid pop culture inference that no one gives a shit about . 
  all because of a few stupid pop culture internet stereotypes about manchildren whining about not getting laid . 
  none of this has a basis in fact or reality , that way lies madness . 
  please go read some history books . 
  it was nothing like the irish . 
  neither is japanese, 
  to be fair brit is historically offensive . 
  i know people of the older generation who 'd be offended of you described them as `` a brit '' , it 's briton or englishman , welshman etc. 
  no japanese is a nationality , and british is a nationality . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  british is a nationality with a variety of ethnicities living there , like almost every nation . 
  japanese is also a nationality with a variety of ethnicities living there . 
  they are the same . 
  calling someone a jap is n't strictly `` racist '' using the most strict form of the term because japanese is n't a `` race '' , but guess what ? 
  using discriminatory slurs based on nationality is a bad thing too !, 
  sometimes we call this racism for simplicities sake . 
  no because you 're talking shit , you can be a british-american just as easily as you can be a japanese-american . 
  as a well spoken english chap : that we 're all somehow i ) evil ii ) soft iii ) effete . 
  seriously if we were such dislikeable malevolent pussies how did we colonise vast swathes of the known world , give birth to the world 's best language and fight wars with virtually everyone . 
  err . . do you mean tower bridge ? 
  i actually agree , 1 and 2 were great , but i was losing interest by the end . 
  the same british empire that supported the rights of american black gi 's in ww2 while stationed in britain whilst their officer classes insisted on the segregation ? 
  yet in many countries they 're not separated and they somehow have less trouble with homophobia and racism etc. 
  people who use the word trope , ergh ... 
  give me gooold !, 
  not really , throughout the victorian era people also pronounced the - t in valet and would were considered nothing more than a upper middle class parvenu social climber for using the french pronunciation . 
  it 's quwason so you 're still wrong :(, 
  do n't believe me ? 
  it 's / kw\u00e6s\u0251\u0303 / , / kw / in english - qu , / \u00e6 / which is the same vowel sound in the word `` bad '' , / s / which is - s in english and / \u0251\u0303 / which is a nasal vowel sound . 
  that 's so wrong , but here in the uk jelly ( jello ) fruit salads are common and delicious . 
  british bread is severely underrated , give me a [ cottage loaf ] ( http://owenrees.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2013/06/dscn1151.jpg ) any day . 
  if you stopped building cheap , oversized , made out of wood houses in the middle of nowhere then you 'd have centralised shopping too !, 
  american food is pretty grim on the whole , that is to say you suck at the fundamentals , bread , lack of some meats like lamb , cheese , milk , eggs , patisserie stuff , too many unnatural processed options . 
  the things the us does best is mostly other countries food like mexican and a few real american classics like burgers and doughnuts , and the tex part of texmex , so ribs and the steaks from ranches and stuff . 
  most of the stuff from the supermarket is way too processed . 
  cool whip ? 
  wtf , processed cheese ? 
  ergh , your cinnamon danishes are actually insulting to the danish . 
  your pasta is overall horrible , and so often you 'll find faux italian dishes that taste like they were made with ketchup . 
  your pizza is a mixed bag . 
  sure maybe once in a while i fancy a 2000 calorie monstrosity with a kilo of cheese and meat on it , but most often than not i 'd take a well made italian pizza with a light crust and a delicate balances of flavours ( eaten with a knife and fork , naturally ) . 
  what pisses me off is the amount of people bitch about british food when they have no idea what it 's all about , or they have one bad experience and decide all british cuisine is disgusting . 
  [ fish pie ] ( http://www.harpersfood.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2012/04/fish-pie.jpg ) , [ stew ] ( http://watermarked.cutcaster.com/cutcaster-photo-100585316-traditional-british-stew.jpg ) , [ cottage pie ] ( http://static.guim.co.uk/sys-images/guardian/pix/pictures/2010/10/15/1287154999196/felicity-perfect-cottage--006.jpg ) , [ banger and mash ] ( http://1.bp.blogspot.com/-yx1jgir1scu/trrbjwrvvei/aaaaaaaad3o/trlt19-jz1s/s1600/img_2311.jpg ) are all classics . 
  our sausages are the best in the world and you seem to be all eating boring german sausages instead . 
  also you take all our best chefs and still claim we know nothing of good food . 
  thin and crispy ? 
  what 's the fucking point , you are collectively wrong . 
  you 'll never find the same quality of ingredients without a specialist shop . 
  almost every culture does apart from you because it 's delicious . 
  only a shitty city would be like that frankly . 
  americans do n't seem to realise urban living does not = urban poverty . 
  at least that 's the case in a socialist country . 
  because it 's not just a matter of shopping around , certain parts of the us just would n't have it available anywhere .
