  disclaimer : these are actually representations of atoms detected with electrons , constructed of photons , converted into digital information and then reproduced with more photons beamed directly into your eyes . 
  i 'm afraid the only tard here is yourself . 
  truth is it 's not entirely usual for police to just let you off , in all likelihood this policeman was n't there to enforce traffic laws what with being on a horse and all and just could n't be bothered dealing with whilst riding . 
  handled it pretty well i think though . 
  keep on troothing brother !, 
  the truth is out there !, 
  look to the skys !, 
  do n't let the nwo get you down !, 
  i mean it 's not an upper class word , very opposite in fact . 
  it has been historically considered a pretentious lower class word , a bit like saying `` pardon '' . 
  lower class people think it sounds upper class and therefore it 's considered lower class , like mrs bouquet . 
  i know some people use it like this but it 's quite a modern development . 
  many people say serviette for cloth napkins and a language snob would tell you it 's a paper napkin not a serviette . 
  often when in australia i forget that $ does n't mean us dollar and start paying everyone in proper green bills . 
  naturally when i do this they all nod and bow thanking me for my gracious tipping and running home to buy plots of land with their newly found wealth . 
  american cheese is wicked smaht !, 
  i 'll add though . 
  i live in germany and incomes are a bit higher and the cost of living is lower !, 
  although adjusted for tax it might not work out that much higher . 
  i mean you can buy a decent takeaway here for less than a fiver !, 
  dining out your main course will be no more than about 8 quid !, 
  supermarkets are even cheaper than the uk , and a beer will cost you no more than # 2.50 . 
  they 've got a good thing going over here . 
  `` little bubble '' how cute , was the pun intentional , and does it really matter what anyone calls a fizzy drink ? 
  the germans even call orangeade lemonade . 
  no , i mean it 's not that usual . 
  if it were a traffic copper he 'd be ticketed without doubt . 
  `` buy in large ! '', 
  it 's the american way !, 
  `` scotch-irish '' shudders , what on earth is that ? 
  scottish and irish ? 
  not quite sure about that . 
  protestantism has been the national religion of the uk since mere years after columbus discovered america . 
  far more puritans and catholics left . 
  yeah that 's puritans . 
  what if you do n't think those rules are justified , what if they 're exploitative unfair rules . 
  sometimes you have no choice but to break the rules and cause trouble if someone tries to enforce them . 
  and christmas , sailors , and drunks too . 
  thanks for that , i now know it 's possible to go from moscow to edinburgh by train in a mere 41 hours . 
  well considering i live in central europe i 'm well aware but thanks anyway !, 
  i 've travelled from germany to the uk via train a few times and it 's great fun . 
  still works out cheaper and much easier to fly though . 
  the train is really only worth it over long distances if you 're doing it for the experience , perhaps stopping off along the way . 
  yes you can get very cheap tickets if you book far in advance , however the same is true of flights nowadays . 
  i 'm sorry but it 's nothing to do with america being big . 
  it 's to do with america 's suburban sprawl and rural areas being bland and devoid of interest . 
  if you rent a car with a plan of driving from new york to chicago for a weekend that 's not knowing how big america is , expecting small towns and suburban areas to have nice local restaurants and bars is simply not knowing how bland and culturally deficient small town america mostly is . 
  yeah exactly . 
  all i hear in most of this thread is `` wah wah , i went to a place without finding out what it was like beforehand and now i shit talk it for not being how i expected it to be '', 
  honestly you must have shit taste , a man who is bored of london is bored of life . 
  itt : paris - i accidentally trod in dog shit 2/10 awful city, 
  london - i went to see the crown jewels on a saturday in the middle of august and i had to wait 3/10 horrible place, 
  new york - i stood in a doorway and someone told me to get out of their way 1/10 , everyone in ny is an asshole, 
  berlin - the toilet paper in my last minute budget hotel was too rough 2/10 vile city , will never go back, 
  grand canyon - i got diarrhoea from binge eating burritos the night before , totally shit place to visit 1/10, 
  i ca n't believe so many people have never seen a wine chiller before . 
  will cool down any beverage in 30 seconds . 
  yes because your limited experience is representative of what is common . 
  virtually all modern showers come with pressure and temperature . 
  you mean to say you do n't have this ? 
  i thought only old shower systems did n't have this . 
  it 's shit , i 've seen sparks coming off them when plugs are half pulled out the wall . 
  a decent plug should have a earth pin . 
  weed is n't the same as alcohol frankly . 
  when i smoked all the time i would n't know i 'd smoked an hour later , if i tried that shit now i 'd be seriously impaired . 
  actually you would n't be aware of reverse entropy , entropy could have just reversed back to the point of the big bang and then played out again and we would n't have a clue . 
  likewise entropy could stop for a million years ( if we can call them years ) , between every single second of normal entropy and we would n't be aware of it . 
  given that you 're a material object dependant on causality to exist , without entropy you 're not really existing . 
  works fine for those who are n't abnormally sweaty . 
  itt : things that exist and are available but too expensive to be commonplace , things that exist but are n't publicly available because they 're too expensive to be practical , things that could exist but are too expensive to be made , things that could exist but do n't because the idea is stupid and nobody really cares about what they do . 
  also things that exist and are relatively common but the poster just does n't know about them for some reason . 
  i 'm sure the urban youth are mesmerised by a cheesy sitcom featuring a cross dresser . 
  because germany has good schools that teach geography well . 
  i ca n't remember . 
  there was a big section on it in the phil of sci module i took as an undergrad . 
  you 're not correct about - t with a vowel sometimes forming - ch . 
  what you 're hearing is a - t sound followed by a yod coalesence , in some dialects this comes out as - ch . 
  this is no different some how in some dialects `` issue '' comes out like ishue , whilst some still pronounce it issyew . 
  no it does n't work like that . 
  when i travelled europe for a few months i stayed in cheap hostels and most of the showers / facilitates were old and not good quality . 
  therefore european toilets are all old and bad quality . 
  obviously not . 
  hating the irish is very rare in the uk . 
  i would say it 's slightly more common for irish people to hate the english , but even that 's pretty rare these days . 
  kubrick totally reversed the meaning of the film and changed a lot of things . 
  in the book the girl alex meets in the record store is very underage and he basically rapes her , in the film he 's just having wild promiscuous sex . 
  also in the book alex turns out ok in the end and learns something , in the film it suggests he has n't really changed and feels like he 's beaten the system and done well out of it despite the harm done to him . 
  basically burgess 's book was quite a naive parable against the control of the state in a possible dystopian future where modern political and scientific ideology is taken to its logical conclusion , criminals are just broken machines to be fixed , the state intervenes and corrects them . 
  however kubrick changes the meaning of the entire story towards the idea towards a more morally ambiguous outlook , alex is n't the same black then white character as in the book , he 's more a victim of society that actually perversely ends up benefiting from his victimhood , and society only ends up teaching him to be more nuanced in his perversity . 
  it does occasionally happen that people call out ambulances unnecessarily , if you 've ever watched one of the paramedic programmes you 'll see that . 
  whilst a waste of public resources , it certainly does n't happen anywhere near frequently enough to counter the value of having free ambulances . 
  you can also do things such as introduce fines for serial time wasters to recoup some of the wasted resources from non-emergency call outs . 
  it 's called a sm\u00f6rg\u00e5swein and it 's elegantly cultural !, 
  er i get food on my 1 hour 30 minute flights in europe , sure it 's just a sandwich but still ... 
  [ tips anthropolgy degree , with a side of zoolgy and perhaps some psycholgy ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/2niehv/oh_dearhoney_i_think_theyre_about_to_blow_up_the/cmdzgdi ), 
  real eyes realise real lies ya hur ? 
  do n't care had sex ? 
  this is true , additionally today is a national holiday all over europe to give thanks that our ancestors did n't die sitting on their arses at home in whilst the pilgrims were off settling america , on july 4th we all whip out our national flags and celebrate our independence from ourselves too . 
  yes , but it 's only the rest of the world that treats the uk solely as one country . 
  we 're really four countries in a union under one monarch , as reflected by us all having our own sports teams .
