  my feeling is that the next 20 years will be a trying time for europe in some economic respects . 
  there 's constant pressure from asia to keep innovating and adapting the economy to fulfil their economic needs in a way that ca n't simply be recreated in country with lower labour costs . 
  britain needs to get its act together , it 's like we 've been comatose since the 80s . 
  brexit , at very least , might people the shock they need to wake up and realise than britain 's success does n't just come from our being naturally fantastic and blessed with god given wealth , but actually because british people have historically held themselves to higher standards making them more competitive than most of the world . 
  we need to throw off the myth of social decline , we need to throw off the cynical pessimism toward the idea of change for the better , we need to get rid of the conspiratorial mentality that the world is being run behind the scenes and thus our participating does n't make any difference , and we need hold ourselves responsible for the bad things our politicians do and police them ourselves . 
  anyway , i hope he wins and i wo n't be voting tory but i do n't know if i believe in him as a leader . 
  well in english it 's not a flute . 
  every day we stray further from god 's light . 
  professor green ? 
  really ? 
  that borough is n't pulling its weight . 
  britain 2 , surely xd, 
  us was a prototype version that got abandoned when they realised it was inefficient and unmanagable . 
  if anything it 's the british who exaggerate british relevance and consider it the centre of the civilised world . 
  europeans and yanks love to tell us we 're just a small island off the french coast . 
  all this polandballing made me realise straight away that the flag in the background is upside down . 
  [ this seems relevant for some reason ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hshynvembb4 ), 
  americans seem to associate anything but pearly white straight teeth with being low class imo . 
  this is because dental care is consider a good or service like any other , whereas in britain it was always seen as a national institution and therefore had little to do with how much money one had . 
  to be fair my grandparents generation did have fucking horrible teeth , but i reckon so did many americans of generation because they grew up because modern dentistry was as effective as today . 
   we 're better than the original in every way, 
  nah mate that 's pure arrogance . 
  you did good , we wo n't deny that , but you 're still fucked up in many ways . 
  should 've paid fucking taxes . 
  there is a strong feeling amongst ordinary people that debt is inherently bad , because it represents risk . 
  also many people feel like the economy does n't do anything unless it 's building machines or producing consumable goods , not realising the the management of capital , knowing when it provide access to it and when to take on debt , is a highly valued skill in itself that lets the whole system work . 
  oh look a conspiracy theorist , wonder if they 're alt-right too . 
   as america fails as a world leader, 
  lol , that 's a presumptive narrative . 
  you 're probably overestimating american influence, 
  american influence , which is great , wo n't disappear overnight, 
  english is n't lingua franca just because of america 's influence , but historically due to the british empire spreading it all over as a trade language , depositing english speakers in all corners of the globe , and because it was a primary language of the allied forces during ww2 which led to it being taken up wholesale in europe after the war . 
  now that english is the lingua franca even if you removed all of its cultural significance it would take decades if not centuries for it to be replaced by something else . 
  in reality , even if those populations had n't been fucked by land owners , it 's very unlikely that they 'd still be living there . 
  the clearances happened pre-industrialisation . 
  a huge amount of migration to cities happened in the uk in both the 19th and 20th century . 
  realistically even if those populations had n't been `` cleared '' those areas would still be massively empty in the same way those in northern wales are ( anecdotally my great-great-grandfather was from northern wales and moved the family to an industrial city for work ) . 
  that 's fine , but ultimately the transfer of capital is the means by which the system works . 
  the modern world only came about when we stopped money from sitting still in rich people 's bank accounts and forced it to be constantly invested and transferred to people looking to grow the real economy in a realistic fashion . 
  many people see inflation as rich people `` stealing '' hard working people 's money . 
  in reality it ensures economic opportunity and stops society stagnating . 
  without this system we 'd have no mechanism for allocating resources , the only alternative is to have an authority do it , which leads to nepotism and inefficiency as there is little incentive to move with the times . 
  i believe in social support for the poor and those unable to work , i support healthcare , i support free education , nationalised industries work great for many things , but these things do have to be paid for . 
  with the rise of both the alt-right and the alt-left we 're seeing many economically naive arguments that basically advocate for heavy handed protectionism and/or the complete destruction of the financial sector ( often tied to conspiracy theories and antisemitism ) . 
  these people naively do n't understand how the system works , and do n't have a feasible alternative either . 
  regulating banks to prevent shady practices or over extension of risk is a wise idea , but the pure hatred for the financial sector from both the far left and right is completely idiotic . 
  you 're making a very large leap in assuming that it 's the clearances that accounts for that difference . 
  realistically there are million other factors . 
  early modern capitalism displaced huge populations all over the isles , and look at how far away the highlands were from areas of industrialisation . 
  most modern economic theory is premised that there are benefits to well effected capitalism . 
  i ca n't think of anything right off the cuff that specifically explains the benefits , but i 'm sure someone else will be along soon enough who has something to recommend . 
  wow that was beautiful . 
  he 's also sadly one of the most successful financially . 
  the reality is it 's the comedy that your nan likes , probably along with that nice young chap russell howard . 
  not really . 
  lol , that makes no sense . 
  american english is not perceived as more `` technical '' . 
  international english tends to make use of both british and american words , and also differs from place to place . 
  asia tending to be more american influenced while europe is more british influenced . 
  that said , 2nd language speakers do n't care , they just want to a word that will do that job . 
  it does n't really matter if you say `` put it in the bin '' or `` put it in the trash can '' , both would be understood by 90 % of competent 2nd language speakers . 
  when it comes to formal writing the differences between the two are small enough to be insignificant , just a matter of a few spelling usually predictable spelling differences , some different lexicon , and minor grammar difference e.g `` got '' vs `` gotten '' , `` i have for many years '' vs `` i have done for many years '' . 
   it is american english is very technical and sometimes redundantly detailed . 
  that 's not at all a thing . 
  the only thing people seem to agree on is that adjusting to the way language is spoken by native speakers tends to be harder . 
  so if someone has visited london many times to improve their english , and then they suddenly go to california it can feel like learning a new language because of the different ways people express themselves and convey their everyday thoughts and feelings . 
  i often think american english shows signs of mild germanisation . 
  the incompleteness of the present perfect tense for example , saying thinks like `` he just left '' , `` i did it already '' , `` i did n't do it yet '' etc. 
  these phrases come naturally to speakers of european languages most of which do n't use the present perfect in the same way as english . 
  it 's very common for 2nd language speakers to avoid the present perfect , as the problem is that when you use the present perfect incorrectly it sounds straight wrong , but when you do n't use it in a place where it could be used it does n't registers so obviously as a mistake . 
  `` i 've eaten at that restaurant yesterday '' sounds straight weird , whereas `` i visited france five times '' does n't sound too bad . 
  also the presence of more compound nouns would come naturally to german settlers that had switched to english upon arriving in the americas . 
  north eastern dialects have yiddish influence too . 
  a phrase like `` come on already ! '', 
  seems to me to be suspiciously similar to `` komm schon '' in german , but i do n't actually know the history so might be another reason for it . 
  `` i understand it more than i used to '' is a completely native like english . 
  you can hear people say shit like this in virtually any street in the english speaking world . 
  some prescriptive grammar rule about saying `` understand it better '' is not a good criterion to determine if someone sounds like they speak english . 
  in fact , completely standard english sounds very unnatural and actually not like a native speaker , [ as this fry and laurie sketch demonstrates ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-8t4rr9z6uc ), 
  edit : i 'll add that many americans have funny ideas about what `` proper english '' actually is , and often use it synonymously with `` a narrow range of expression that i 've heard people i consider more educated than me use '' , which often completely ignores how english has historically been used . 
  if some says `` as i 'd left , they rang me straight away . 
  i pushed the door to , which was ajar , to quieten the noise reaching the sitting room from the traffic outside . 
  i poured myself a brandy , according to my wont , which a take daily and have done for many years . 
  in the end i agreed to meet them in town later . '' . 
  it probably sounds like bad english because they just do n't hear people speak that way anymore . 
  the british word for garage is garage . 
  it 's just pronounced with the british pronunciation of - age ( idge ) rather than more french one `` ahge '' . 
  car park = parking lot . 
  this is just kinda dumb . 
  the reality is that scientific knowledge relies so heavily on the diversification of labour that there 's simply no way for any single person to verify it all . 
  it relies so much on the knowledge of other people , who we just have to trust to some degree . 
  anti-scientific views are held on the premise that someone somewhere is lying , simple as that , and unlikely as that is with the peer review system . 
  so they just allege all the peers are conspiring to deceive , and voila , you can believe what you want . 
  yeah he 's the carling of comedians , like being a beer for people who do n't like beer , it 's comedy for people without a sense of humour . 
  does this mean that if you 're counting cards it helps to be black ? 
  edit : jesus christ guys it was a dumb joke , is / s really necessary, 
  they 're not talking about profound spiritual enlightenment . 
  they 're taking about radically changing brain activity in a way that can help people deal with psychological issues . 
  there are real psychological benefits to a drug that induce a profound sense of wonder in someone . 
  it allows them to tackle things in their mind that they were n't able to sober .
