  i do n't know how true that is . 
  perhaps , it would be better stated that it seems anecdotally that a smaller % of the population conform to what is prescriptively the national prestige dialect in the uk ( rp ) , than in the us ( genam ) . 
  however , there are a number of factors in play here . 
  first off defining rp is very difficult , because people use the term very differently , and often these days it 's swapped out for terms like `` bbc english '' ( which itself is a complicated concept since the bbc promotes what it considers moderate regional accents these days i.e. 
  you wo n't the hear full geordie dialect or a deep welsh valleys accent on a newsreader , but you 'll definitely hear what people might perceive as `` milder '' or `` educated '' forms of the dialect e.g huw edwards ) and for terms like `` oxford english '' ( which is again complicated by the fact that oxford english is not how the working class inhabitants of oxford speak ) . 
  so defining rp is very complicated , and there 's definitely a tendency for people to use the term differently . 
  often people use it to mean something like `` the de facto prestige dialect of the united kingdom '' , however others use it more stringently according the definitions that were laid out 50 or even 80 years ago . 
  wells investigates these phenomena in his paper [ `` whatever happened to rp '' ] ( http://www.phon.ucl.ac.uk/home/wells/rphappened.htm ) which is definitely worth a read . 
  wells ' analysis takes a more fluid approach , in so far as he acknowledges that rp is changing and evolving , rather than ceasing to be spoken in the united kingdom . 
  other approaches however assert that since the speakers of more conservative definitions of rp are such a tiny minority of the population ; rp is dead and that a new prestige dialect has come to exist . 
  what this new prestige dialect is though is equally hard to define as any proposed conception of `` modern rp '' . 
  there have been many contenders , most prominently [ estuary english ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/estuary_english ) , which offers an alternative to rp as the new contender for the position of prestige dialect . 
  i personally prefer the former tact to the latter , and i do not buy the estuary english notion because i think it 's too geographically orientated and londoncentric . 
  whilst it 's definitely true that the influence of the london dialect is growing to areas that were historically outside it 's grasp ( places like wiltshire , kent , northamptonshire and such ) , and even influencing dialects in places that are geographically and linguistically very different ( birmingham and manchester ) i think that 's a separate matter that should be examined distinctly . 
  imho all ee is is the language of speakers who lie somewhere on the spectrum between `` modern rp '' and their local dialects who happen to live in the south east . 
  just as speakers in genam in new york might have traces of influence from the regional dialect , and genam speakers in the south may have hints of a southern twang , i would suggest that ee is a similar phenomena . 
  i say this because i believe you wo n't find many ee speakers outside the se of england , however around manchester you 'll plenty of speakers who speak somewhere on the spectrum between `` modern rp '' and the modern manchester dialects . 
  ok , so now we can actually answer the question . 
  if we define rp as the `` de facto prestige dialect of the united kingdom '' and we assume such a thing exists , and that it 's different from the conservative definitions of rp from the past , the question is `` why do a smaller % of people use their prestige dialect in the uk than in the us '', 
  so my first observation from my own experience is that , assuming we take on this modern rp definition , rp is n't as dead as some commentators seem to claim . 
  i believe there is a tendency to exaggerate the antiquated nature of rp , and to give the impression that the uk has moved away from the obsession with prestige dialects which prevailed in the past , for what are perhaps politically motivated reasons . 
  imho the prestige dialect , the class connotations that come along with it , are still alive and kicking in the uk . 
  we have not achieved the classless society that some people might hope for , where how one speaks does not entail anything more than the geography of one 's upbringing . 
  the old adage '' it is impossible for an englishman to open his mouth without making some other englishman hate or despise him '' still rings true to some extent . 
  that said , rp speakers are still make up a small minority in the uk , even if we broaden the definition as i 've suggested . 
  so the question you 've asked still has validity since even using this definition , rp is still dwarfed in representation amongst bre speakers when compared to genam amongst ame speakers . 
  here is my answer :, 
  - rp , while being a prestige dialect , still carries strong geographical connotations , phonetically its history is in the south , london being the uncontended the seat of economic , political and social power and influence ( compare this with a country like germany where the spread of influence is more diffuse ) . 
  if we were to survey the dialects of the uk , and draw a map showing the density of rp speakers across the country , i believe we 'd see a hub in the se home counties gradually becoming less prevalent as we moved farther from london through rural areas , and dropping steeply when we hit urban areas that are n't part of the london linguistic sphere such as birmingham and bristol . 
  we 'd also see higher density in affluent areas ( e.g bath , cambridge ) and a lower frequency in poorer areas ( e.g peterborough , portsmouth ) . 
  in my experience the relationship between affluence and dialect changes the farther we move from london , around london you 'll find rp speakers much further down the social economic scale , well into the lower middle bracket , while in the far north of england , and in the other countries of the uk , rp is primarily the reserve of upper class and upper middle class . 
  to over simplify a bit , in the se of england speaking rp is a sign of not being working class , however as we go away from the se , speaking rp becomes a sign of upper or upper middle class status . 
  - rp is a stigmatised dialect , with strong class connotations , while genam is not ( or at least to nothing like the same degree ) . 
  whilst it 's clearly still a prestige dialect , and is massively overrepresented in media relative to it 's actual occurrence amongst the uk population , it carries a negative stigma as well ( and going back to the other point this stigma is greater in some areas than others ) . 
  in many working class parts of the uk speaking in rp is not going to endear you to anyone , and may well mark you as an outsider or someone who should not be trusted due to the associations with class and authority . 
  - regional dialects carry their own prestige . 
  this is almost always the case with local speech , it shows people that you 're a local , that you belong , that you are similar to the other people who speak in that manner . 
  it 's worth considering the possibility that regional dialects carry a greater covert prestige within their geographical locations than in the us , since the set of people speaking this way is wider in many places and does n't directly imply being `` lower class '' or part of an `` underclass '' in most of the country . 
  - rp does n't have a home . 
  seems contradictory given what i 've said about rp being perceived as generally southern , however , whilst that 's true , rp does n't have a strict geographical location . 
  there is no real part of the uk where rp is historically derived ( there are theories of course about where it 's derived , however if it did once have a home it 's not there any longer ) . 
  there 's no part of the uk where everyone , from the postmen to the barristers speak rp . 
  as far as modern speakers are concerned , rp is a class derived dialect with a geographical connotation , not a geographically derived dialect with a class connotation . 
  - it 's worth comparing rp with genam for a moment . 
  genam does vaguely have a home , and is considered closely related to the way english is spoken in the mid-west . 
  in comparison rp does n't have a home but merely has a tendency towards a certain area . 
  moreover , the area genam is associated with is not the seat of economic , political and social power of the us , which may well add to its perceived neutrality , while the the se of england is . 
  - ultimately , the uk is a more class based culture than most other countries . 
  sure , class still exists in the us , but i do n't think it 's quite as deeply entrenched as in the uk . 
  america culture seems to promote the concepts of self-improvement and upward mobility far more readily . 
  moving from the lower class to the upper echelons of society is part of the american dream . 
  in stark contrast to this , for a very long time in the uk it was always believed that class was something you were born into , your wealth did n't matter , and the upper classes portrayed themselves as above money , in fact talking about money publicly was a terrible faux pas and marked you as ill bred . 
  even education was insufficient to raise you up , showing off your education still made you nothing more than a grasping parvenu attempting to imitate the ways of his social betters . 
  of course , almost no one believes this stuff nowadays , and aspiration is far more accepted in british society , but that does n't mean that there is n't still a strong sense that one should not betray one 's roots . 
  americans on the other hand , while having an upper class of sorts , from the newport elite , to the orange county millionaires , to the southern plantation , and then later land , owners , it 's simply not the same . 
  i think most british people are aiming for a happy medium between appearing educated and employable , whilst avoiding appearing pretentious and staying true to their upbringing . 
  - it 's definitely also worth looking into the history of the two countries . 
  certainly both have bloody histories with plenty of immorality to atone for , however these were very different . 
  compare britain , an indigenous population ( we 'll forget about events pre-1066 ) that colonised much of the world and imposed its own system of values and culture on others for hundreds of years , with the us , a colonial power that broke away from the old world and fashioned an identity over the course of a few hundred years settled by many different nationalities . 
  the us imposed its values , language , and government on the people who willingly moved there ( excepting slaves and native populations ) . 
  language was part of this identity , a shared language is integral to successfully building a nation , since mutual intelligibility is a massive factor in creation the shared identity a nation state requires . 
  on the other hand the uk imposed its language and culture outwardly on people that it conquered . 
  i think the uk on the whole feels more shame over its imperial past than the us , which without the imposition of a shared language on its settlers would probably not have survived as a single national entity . 
  well into the 20th century english was imposed on indigenous people in the uk on irish speakers in ireland , welsh speakers in wales , scots and scottish gaelic speakers in scotland , not because the future of the nation was in question , but because of some prescriptivist dogma about english being the proper language . 
  so while for the us populace , english was integral to their shared culture , and imposed on people who 'd left their indigenous culture by choice for the most , in the uk english was imposed on indigenous peoples who had been conquered or integrated and culturally dominated by the english . 
  maybe at some level the people of america are more comfortable with the belief that linguistic similarity is a good thing , while in the uk diversity is more valued as a reaction to the past attempts to destroy it and because the integrity of the nation has been taken for granted for a much longer time . 
  i think ultimately we can conclude a few things . 
  rp is more stigmatised in the uk than genam in the united states . 
  while local dialects are still stigmatised in the uk , they are probably less stigmatised than in the us , especially when they do n't diverge too greatly from the perceived standard , at least in much of the uk . 
  the only exception to this being perhaps the few areas that contain dense pocket of rp speakers . 
  in the uk there is stigmatisation from the top and the bottom ends of the social spectrum , while in the us it seems to be just from mostly just from the bottom , the advantages of speaking genam are many but the disadvantages are few , whereas speaking rp brings a whole host of disadvantages along with the advantages . 
  however , i have to fundamentally disagree with your analysis that dialect is determined by region in the uk over class . 
  in fact , if anything , class is a stronger force in the uk than the us , which a factor in why regional dialects are as prevalent as they are , and even within regional dialects their are sub-categories of those dialects that dictate class , so something else is going on entirely . 
  [ he 's wrong ] ( http://www.expertmarket.com/sites/default/files/filemanager/us-state-speed-limits-map.png ) 75mph = 120 . 
  80mph = 128kmh, 
  [ no ] ( http://www.expertmarket.com/sites/default/files/filemanager/us-state-speed-limits-map.png ) the only place in the us that is faster than the european average is a single county in texas , most of europe is either just faster than utah ( 80mph = 128kmh ) or the same as the western side ( 75mph = 120kmh ) . 
  everywhere else in the us is slower . 
  do n't cut yourself on that edge . 
  english sports ? 
  so sports then . 
  seems so , still , that still only puts texas as faster than europe . 
  it puts a decent chunk of mid-west about the same as most of europe 120-130 kmph , and the rest of the us , over half of the states , slower . 
  completely inaccurate to claim the us is faster outside the ne states . 
  wait for her to sit down ? 
  how about not letting your child stand up like that in the trolley in the fucking first place ? 
  people are fucking stupid . 
   either had energy the dog favored , or she knew how to greet a new dog . 
  had to stop reading . 
  back to the funny farm with you . 
   fear is a type of energy . 
  dogs sense energy . 
  if you ca n't comprehend this , you 've got a long way to go . 
  i hate to break it to your but fear is not energy , `` energy '' the way you mean it does n't exist . 
  if dogs can tell when someone is afraid , it 's not because of `` energy '' . 
  if you ca n't understand this , you should probably be committed . 
   on a per capita basis , california has a higher gsp than australia 's gdp, 
  no it does n't ... 
  california gsp per capital ( nominal ) : 46k us dollars, 
  australian gdp per capital ( nominal ) : 51k us dollars, 
  california has a higher gdp than australia , but california also has more people than australia .
