  i would n't do drugs in asia . 
  however , if they can be so draconian in that regard they can also be draconian with respect to other things . 
  i do n't want to support a country that has a draconian criminal justice system particularly . 
  i 'm not saying i 'd never go to asia but generally it 's a largely negative thing when you realise most countries are utterly merciless towards the most minor legal infractions like japan or both merciless and corrupt like thailand . 
  japan 's police has like a 90 % + conviction rate after arrest . 
  if that were true of a country in the west we 'd call it a police state . 
  i 'm happy travelling in most places in europe and north america ( although the deep south makes me anxious ) , and obviously places like aus and nz and aswell as some random developed spots , but once you leave that bubble you 're playing by a completely different rule set and it makes travelling more complicated . 
  you have to take a completely different approach with how you conduct yourself , watching out for scams , avoiding any kind of public confrontation , worrying when you see the police , and that makes those destinations less appealing . 
  even in super law abiding japan , all you 'd need is some crazy woman to fall over near you and claim you used her and you could be detained until that matter was resolved , and while unlikely it 's a scary thought . 
  in japan you can be retained for weeks without even being charged . 
  do n't think so . 
  i 've travelled in europe , asia , and north america . 
  asia is nice but it would be nicer if it was n't draconian ( and possibly corrupt ) . 
  back to tumblr with you . 
  yeah , but in this situation you 're relying on the gap between what the law says `` in principle '' and how it 's actually enforced , and relying on the corruption of the police to be able to resolve it relatively painlessly . 
  i imagine that if you were convicted for weed possession in india you 'd be looking at some pretty life destroying consequences . 
  hell , i imagine just being held in an indian jail for more than a few days would be traumatising for more westerners . 
  ultimately it 's not about weed . 
  it 's about the security of knowing you 're in a country that is not corrupt and where punishments roughly fit the crime . 
  to be fair they are ultimately technicians . 
  like he said `` there 's lots of science going on here that we do n't touch but do set up . '' . 
  the leading scientists are down on earth . 
  the job of these guys is to be their technicians and run their experiments for them . 
  i 'm guessing you 're in the us . 
  oxford and cambridge have to remind american applicants that the decision will be made principally on the basis of their academic achievements relevant to their chosen field of study and that personal statements should not just be all about extracurricular accomplishments . 
  the obsession with being `` well-rounded '' is very much an american university thing for the most part . 
  i do n't really understand it because of the best academics some are the least well rounded people ever . 
  in fact , it 's often their lack of roundedness that makes them so excellent within a narrow field . 
  still , the uk has many universities , some of them are highly rigorous but many of them are just boring , mid-table , and not particularly prestigious universities that primary serve the domestic and non-western markets ( very few people come from western countries to these universities as they have universities of equivalent prestige available to them in their home countries ) . 
  even at these universities the criteria is academic and not based on extracurricular . 
  when i applied to uni i did what was pretty typical , apply to some more prestigious institutions as a first choice and a few more average ones as a safety net . 
  regardless my application looked the same . 
  there was a about a single paragraph describing my personality , hobbies , and extracurricular , and then quite a few paragraphs dedicated to why i wanted to study my chosen subject , a demonstration of my current understanding of it and interests within it , and discussion of what i 'd learnt in my education that would be pertinent to the degree . 
  really they just want to see that you 're able to write convincingly about your chosen field of study , so they know it really is something you are likely to have an interest in , rather than something you cobbled together to fulfil some requirement . 
  what 's interesting is that for some people university is a process aimed at achieving academic excellence , but for some it 's just a process for developing as a person and networking . 
  i noticed that many people from my somewhat prestigious uni who got mediocre grades and were the primarily social types ultimately succeeded , as despite getting pretty average grades they ingratiated themselves with enough people to ensure themselves a good job on the other side . 
  it seems strange me . 
  surely school is the time for educating the whole person , when the stakes are lower and that person is n't being called upon to be financial independent . 
  tertiary/higher education seems like a logical point for specialisation to occur . 
  to achieve academic excellence one must be both hard working and intelligent . 
  put a lazy intelligent person under pressure and they may well adapt and succeed , but a hard working unintelligent person in university and they will just become frustrated and depressed with their lack of success . 
  the fact you intend to work hard to achieve your degree is sorta taken for granted . 
  you do n't need to prove that with a track record of extreme activity . 
  furthermore , if someone works hard to get fantastic grades but does n't have the energy to also join a bunch of clubs and do a bunch of busywork , how are they not hard working ? 
  it seems to me to simply benefit a certain type of person who keeps fingers in every pie and can be the everyone 's golden boy/girl . 
  does n't mean they 're actually going to be able to engage with academic material in a meaningful way . 
  it 's logical because once that person is 18 they are an adult may have financial demands on them and responsibilities . 
  telling an adult who wants to become an engineer he needs to learn french or literature to become well rounded before they are permitted to progress to studying what he wants to do seems incredibly patronising , as the university seems to be taking a pastoral position by taking an interest in the overall character of their student ( rather than his specialist knowledge ) . 
  given the fact that you 're paying so much for this opportunity in the us is seems even more of a bare faced cheek for them to expect you to pay to be prescribed an educational process that concerns itself with the roundedness of their character rather than with simply equipping them with the tools for employment or further study as quickly as humanly possible . 
  it seems deeply premised on the notion that students are being assisted through university by their parents and the parents are paying for the pastoral influence the university exerts and the impact that will have upon their children . 
  you still have to jump through hoops to do that right . 
  you ca n't just specialise from day one you have to make up credits in a wide area before choosing a field of study though right ? 
   because they 've found, 
  i doubt that . 
  the mentality elsewhere is that that well rounded people succeed more in life too , it 's just not the university 's job to test for that . 
  that 's your personal duty to yourself . 
  such `` findings '' are likely to be nothing more that studies with educational agendas so universities can justify using non-academic criteria to make screening easier . 
  you really do n't want to go down the path canada . 
  it 's just a way for universities to extract more money from you and have an easier time selecting applicants . 
  you 're a sucker if you buy `` findings that well rounded engineers and doctors are better in the workplace '' . 
  first off , when did become the universities business who is effective in the workplace . 
  medical schools , ok that 's a bit different as it 's a vocational school ( the criteria for acceptance should be based on who they think will make the best doctor ) , but engineering is essentially an academic study , just one that allows you to later learn a practical role that requires a certain skill set . 
  most degrees are even less vocational . 
  those academic pursuits are not there to turn out the most effective workers , but to further themselves by turning out the most knowledgeable individuals who may one day contribute to humanity 's body of knowledge . 
  by forcing people to be extracurricular you basically exclude social outcasts and the socially disinterested from education to some degree , by impairing their ability to go to university . 
  it 's a essentially a tool for manufacturing consent . 
  you ca n't excel in extracurricular without having the `` right attitude '' , you wo n't get first choice of education without extracurricular , thus those who have the `` right attitude '' get privileged access to education . 
  those who excel in an environment explicitly designed by authority ( school ) are the ones who are rewarded with the optimal chance of prestige education . 
  at least when it comes to tests there is objectivity . 
  answers are right or wrong , and subjective matters are at least assessed anonymously . 
  however extracurricular excellence is defined more or less solely by one 's ability to impress agents of government authority within a social environment controlled by government authority . 
  do you really want the petty educators in the public school system to be the gatekeepers to higher education ? 
  often the greatest geniuses are clearly people who would have never exceeded in that environment . 
  do you really want that unattractive socially inept genius who might assist humanity unravel the mysteries of the universe to be send to a 2nd rate college because he lacked extracurricular in favour of chad , the good looking football player who charmed all the teachers because of the halo effect and excelled in every extracurricular because he instinctively knew how to curry favour in the secondary education sector ? 
  is there any reason whatsoever to think that chad will contribute more to his field of study than his socially inept competition who attained the same grades ? 
  ideally , borderline cases for university application would be further tested in their academic capacities to distinguish between them , which is what does happen at universities like oxford where interview rounds are very important . 
  using extracurricular is 1 . 
  laziness on the academia 's behalf 2 . 
  an acceptance of education as a tool for social control aimed at producing an ideal workforce over more lofty academic goals . 
  you have to distinguish yourself , that is true , but you do n't do that by captaining the rugby team or running a club , you do it through demonstrating your intelligence and independence of thought , there 's a bit difference . 
  the oxbridge interview method works very well , because you can immediately tell if someone is a free thinker or just behaving predictably . 
  it 's not the universities job to decide who is well rounded . 
  and yes there are many good non-well rounded academics . 
  i never denied that well rounded people tend to be more effective in life . 
  i merely stated that that was n't the universities concern . 
  would people stop it with the `` findings '' and `` studies suggest '' bs . 
  this is not a black and white issue . 
  i agree well rounded folk do succeed in life . 
  but university is about academia , not life success . 
  the more you see university as nothing more than an economic tool for rewarding the right kind of thinker the more academia becomes a tool of social control . 
  i can assure you it was nothing to do with your extracurricular and entirely because whatever you did distinguished you as a person because that is what oxbridge are looking for . 
  ticking extracurricular boxes , which is what is necessary in the us , is simply not the case there . 
  yep , and while i 'm sympathetic towards medicine , doctors are n't academics after all but practical people , i do n't think it should be a factor in education generally except when it 's strictly vocational . 
  not at all really . 
  gcse 's have virtually no bearing on it and are wide enough for you to not restrict intelligent people in any meaningful way . 
  you decide at 16 , which is young i agree but was formerly the end of mandatory education . 
  i have nothing against a 6 subject 16-18 education programme like most of europe , but the idea that that we should have us style universities is absurd . 
  i 'm not treating it like a trade school which is why i said `` or further study as quickly as humanly possible . '' . 
  in fact , it 's including extracurricular elements that is treating universities like trade school , as the primary argument is that people who excel in extracurricular tend to excel more in life generally , which assumes that purpose of academia is to turn out effective successful people rather than pursue knowledge . 
  well yes , that 's the point i 'm trying to get across .
