  edit : honest mate , i 'm just confused now about what you do understand . 
  if you do seem to understand given what i 've read , but then you say stupid things like a tautology not being logically valid which makes me think you do n't ( a tautology can not but pass the validity test ) . 
   given that i was speaking specifically about the composition fallacy i think it was pretty clear that i was talking about the second . 
  but you jumped on some semantically loose phrasing to push your own agenda . 
  well done on being that guy . 
  from my end it seems like you 're doing exactly that yourself . 
  i think we 're getting crossed wires because we 're not distinguishing whether our x 's and y 's are propositions , predicates , properties or sets , and also not defining what `` is '' means here . 
  the whole of my argument can be summed up as, 
  ( \u2200 x a ( x )  b ( x ) ) \u2227 \u00ac ( \u2200 x b ( x )  a ( x ) ) . 
  where a is the property of being a racist and b is the property of being a eurosceptic . 
  it 's incredibly simple . 
  if we saw this relationship in nature it would be worthy of investigation , and i was encouraging people to ask themselves if there 's anything more this . 
  i was n't trying to slip anything under he radar or sneak any inferences in there . 
  i was allowing people to decide for themselves . 
  i personally do believe that there is more to it , but i 'm not telling people to think that . 
  please check my edits , i was a bit hasty to dismiss it before . 
  coffee shops are only available in certain towns and neighbourhoods , if you do n't live nearby then you still have to know a guy . 
  also the coffee shops are shit hot on id these days . 
  because we have a different system . 
  in the uk at 16-18 you attend a `` college '' which is half school , half further education college , in its mentality . 
  you are responsible for you own shit there and they 're not going to treat you like a child . 
  if you fuck around too much they 'll just send you home and usually wo n't give you `` punishments '' like you 'd get at school . 
  secondary school is 11-16 here . 
  technically mandatory schooling ends at 16 , but new laws insist that you take some form of education afterwards now e.g a working apprenticeship . 
  actually it 's because of medicines and foods that might contain alcohol . 
  giving some kids a pudding with a bit of brandy in it wo n't do them no harm . 
  plenty of germans speak english no better than a brit who 's studied gcse french ( can speak french . ), 
  haha i 've definitely noticed the difference between air farts and food farts . 
  worst is when you 're somewhere loud like a bar , and you think you 're safe to fart , but it turns out to be a food fart it the smell destroys the room . 
  god save us from simpletons like yourself . 
  yeah i was going to say , this is n't even true , i 've tried to jump the invisible `` order '' and been told off before . 
  the queue is a mess but there is an order after all . 
  now how germans react when a new til is opened at the supermarket or in mcdonalds is appalling !, 
  but that 's a whole different matter . 
  / r/badlinguistics, 
  the myth of bilingualism inferring with l1 acquisition and literacy has long been dismissed as nonsense . 
  very few europeans are attempting to acquire a north american accent fyi . 
  i 'm just telling you what is considered scientific and what 's not . 
  bilingualism itself has no bearing on childhood language acquisition . 
  typical brexiteer , using the logic of an 11 year old child . 
  yes , the average person is just as stupid as yourself , well done !, 
  it 's clear that for you it 's just a matter of us vs them , good old british vs the bloody frogs and krauts , and try as we might there is simply no way to lift you out of this childish nationalistic bullshit . 
  maybe in america . 
  in most places from 18 years on you have exactly the same rights as a 40 year old . 
  i might still call someone aged 18 a kid , in the same way i might consider someone who is 22 to be a kid , but legally i 'd considered both to be adults . 
  point is that people tend to consider anyone significantly younger than them to be figuratively a kid up until they 're well into their 30s . 
  but the age of 21 is irrelevant in most countries . 
  considering 21 to be a legally significant age is a strange quirk of the us legal system and is uncommon in other countries . 
  i think her being a small female cop actually contributed to the escalation of this confrontation . 
  she seemed to me to be a bit insecure in her authority , and thus seemed more confrontational as a consequence . 
  laying hands on him without physically restraining him was dreadful policing too . 
  whenever i 've seen very professional policing either the police are discussing things with someone or they 're physically restraining them . 
  the moment they have to lay hands on a person then that 's the point of no return , at very least they 're going to detain that person and put them in cuffs until they calm down if not fully arrest them ( which happens in the majority of cases ) . 
  knowing the right time to shift from engaging someone vocally and restraining physically is something the police are trained for , and she should know better than to attempt to restrain and then realise it is n't going to work . 
  she went to restrain him but then returned to arguing with him which is bad policing imo , if she ca n't restrain him physically she should not have attempted to , as that leads to undue escalation , she should have radioed for assistance and then just waited calmly . 
  furthermore , she was clearly arguing with this guy . 
  good police do n't argue with people , they listen to what they have to say calmly and then lay out their options in front of them . 
  in this case , assuming she had the right , she should have given him the choice of providing his information / id or being detained for the purposes of establishing his identity . 
  instead she made it into a personal conflict , my will against your will , which is exactly what the police are n't meant to do , the only reason for this i can see is that she 's a small female cop and wants to make it about authority and not about rights and laws and regulations . 
  meh , this guy was mildly funny the first time i saw it but now it 's just repetitive and kinda dumb . 
  that 's typically a past simple vs present perfect thing . 
  i was taught that words like yet , just , and already , all stress elements that are suggested by the present perfect construction . 
  just - recency and thus relevancy in the present moment, 
  already - stresses the action is complete at this time , usually indicating earlier than expected, 
  yet - stresses the same but in the interrogative , usually indicating that completion is expected, 
  standard british english requires agreement whereas in standard american english permits an either/or kind of affair . 
  never heard anything about the past perfect differing in ame but i 'm sure with a proper investigation there would be . 
  i just do n't think such a distinction is `` common knowledge '' . 
  well , not in my british dialect , but maybe for your friend . 
  anyone who claims to be angry about grammar though should be told about the folly that that way lies . 
  it 's bad enough taking the prescriptive position that warrants getting upset when someone 's grammar differs from your own , but for someone reason it pisses me off even more when that person is wrong about the official rules and does n't even know the prescriptive rules of their own language . 
  i mean grammar pedants who try to shove fowler 's modern english down people 's throats are a bunch of annoying bastards that 's true , but at least they 've gone to the effort to learn what the `` authorities '' have said . 
  my ex 's mother once tried to correct me for saying `` many thanks from so and so and me '' claiming it should be `` so and so and i '' , could 've let out a tirade that would 've ended our uneasy coexistence right there but had to bite my tongue lest i be exiled from their household . 
  that tragic thing is that the world is full of people who think they understand grammar but do n't have a sodding clue . 
  esl is particularly bad for this , but often even university professors marking phd level work still do n't have a clue and will quibble over any piece of language they do n't like despite having no idea themselves about what the actual prescribed rules are . 
  i 've often found myself defending students who 've failed to meet the arbitrary requirements of someone who does n't have the first fucking clue , claim to experts in the language , yet litter their speech with hypercorrections and nonsense rules about ending sentences with prepositions and the like . 
  the first construction , `` do you want to ... for me '' usually forms a request . 
  however , whether it 's merely a possibility or a request depends on the context . 
  `` do you want to grab that for me '' is clearly a strong but polite request . 
  `` do you want to clean the car for me ? '', 
  is just giving you an option . 
  the latter `` do you want to ... '' alone without `` for me '' does n't usually form a request unless context strongly suggests it . 
  `` do you want to add your address ? '', 
  sounds very much like it 's optional regardless of what other posters have said . 
  `` do you want to pass the salt '' obviously sounds like a request , especially if delivered in a sarcastic tone ; the implication being that one should n't need to ask . 
  most of the time `` do you want ... '' means exactly what you 'd think it would mean though , which is asking if you 'd like to do something . 
  as far as whether the phrase `` do you want to '' as a request carries a normative implication i.e you ought to , i 've never heard of being used to mean that any more than it would in the us . 
  to put this in context . 
  `` do you want us to operate ? '', 
  sounds normal `` would you like us to operate ? '', 
  sounds a bit flippant given the circumstances . 
  `` do you want cream on that ? '', 
  sounds normal as does `` would you like cream on that ? '', 
  a few other request constructions to watch out for :, 
  `` if you would ... '' e.g if you would sign here , if you 'd like to sign here . 
  this confuses a lot of people , because they interpret as conditional when the fact that would is in the if-clause means it 's a request . 
  compare `` if you 'd ( like to ) sign here we can continue with the process '' vs `` if you sign here we can continue with the process '' . 
  `` if you could ... '' `` if you could just ... '' `` could you '' and `` could you just '' are also very common . 
  `` if you want to ... '' is also used like `` if you would ... '' to form requests too , but is obviously distinct from `` do you want ... '', 
  [ sexy aussie women ... ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sjxvelpiq5k ),
