  german has 3 genders . 
  conjugation of verbs naturally . 
  however it only has 4 cases with prepositions doing the work of many other 3 cases in latin . 
  german has no declensions , but it has a singular declension , all nouns are declined the same way according to their case ( excluding a few irregulars which tend to gain - n and - s at the end in some cases where that usually would n't happen ) . 
  in german , case is not particularly marked in the spelling of the noun itself , nouns will gain - s in the genitive singular and - n in the dative plural quite often , but most of the work is don by any articles , demonstratives , and adjectives that precede the noun . 
  the biggest impact of this is how the article changes . 
   the beautiful dog is hungry, 
   the man loves the beautiful dog, 
  the wedding ring is inside the beautiful dog, 
   the house of the beautiful dog is large, 
  each of the three genders and the plural each have 3 patterns in how they affect the endings of the words preceding them ( typically adjectives ) called inflections . 
  that 's 12 patterns total , and each pattern consists of a rule for how adjectives are affected in each of the 4 cases . 
  that makes 32 possibilities . 
  which of the three patterns you need to use depends on whether the noun is combined with the definite article , the indefinite article or no article . 
  to demonstrate ( although these wo n't really make sense ) , here are the same sentences with no article . 
   beautiful dog is hungry, 
  the man loves beautiful dog, 
   the wedding ring is in beautiful dog, 
   the house of beautiful dog is large, 
  a big difference between latin and german , however , is how many tenses it has . 
  german , like english , has no future , future perfect , perfect or pluperfect tense , it must use auxiliary verbs combined with the infinitive to talk about the future . 
  similarly , the perfect and pluperfect are formed by using have and be as auxiliaries with the past participle . 
  verbs in german can only be present , preterite , past participle , present participle , present subjunctive , or preterite subjunctive . 
  everything else is done with auxiliaries as in english . 
  even the subjunctives can be formed with auxiliaries most of the time . 
  the only ones that really matter in day to day speech are the present , preterite , and past participle . 
  the present participle is formed by adding - d to the infinitive so is really easy . 
  you do have to watch out for irregular verbs though , as they can conjugate unusually with the vowels changing in different persons . 
  german is certainly a strange language , because in some regards it resembles latin more closely than even romance languages , however at its core it 's 100 % germanic and has plenty of features that it shares with english that romance language do n't . 
  it 's also a living modern language , with all the complexity and strangeness that entails . 
  saying one is harder or easier is silly . 
  all languages are complicated , german has a lot more words to learn because of all modern things it has nouns for . 
  both are quite hard without an understanding of grammar , but that can be said for any language . 
  i 've studied a bit of both and found german to my liking , it has some english like qualities that are nice . 
  but it 's a personal thing . 
  that 's the stupidest thing i 've heard in a while . 
  it 's exactly the same in both languages . 
  etymologically speaking they are identical . 
  both words stemming from the germanic pagan festival , both used to mean christmas . 
  the only difference is that juletid remains the more common name for the christian festival in denmark but yuletide is a less common alternative name for christmas in english in the same way no\u00ebl is . 
   then co-opted ( read : stole ), 
  wow someone is edgy . 
  nobody `` stole '' anything , what actually happened was gradual process of conversion in christianity across europe . 
  if the christian inhabitants of the british isles `` stole '' the festival of yule then they stole it from themselves , which is utterly stupid . 
   juletid means christmas time in danish , nothing else . 
  the word juletid originally meant exactly the same pagan festival season that yuletide used to refer to . 
  how is that not obvious to you ? 
  sure the christian danes stole the word from themselves when they stopped using it to refer to the pagan festival ? 
  honestly i do n't think you 've understood the wiki page you 've linked or you 'd see what you 're saying makes no sense . 
  look at what you 've written . 
  now read what i say . 
  the word ** `` yuletide '' in modern english means `` christmas time '' ** . 
  sure , you can use it to speak of the pagan festival , but nobody does that . 
  because it has n't been celebrated for hundreds of years . 
  likewise , you 'd only use the word `` yuletide '' to refer to the pagan festival if you were a historian or speaking about history . 
  do you get it now ? 
  you 're not wrong because of the danish meaning . 
  you 're wrong because you do n't seem to understand that `` yule '' and `` yuletide '' are used to talk about christmas in english in exactly the same way the `` juletid '' is in danish . 
   yule and christmas are different things . 
  you 'd think that 'd be pretty darn obvious by the complete lack of anything related to christianity when it comes to yule . 
  yule means christmas in english . 
  how can they be different when they mean the same thing . 
  yes , the pagan festival `` yule '' is different from christmas , which is the modern meaning of the word, 
   yule did not evolve into christmas . 
  christmas is an amalgamation of several different pagan rituals and festivals and its own thing . 
  never said it did , but you still do n't seem to realise that yule is literally an alternative word for christmas in english . 
   technically speaking , the word `` moron '' was a medical term used to refer to someone with a mild intellectual disability . 
  but nobody uses the term `` moron '' nowadays to refer to that , not even medical professionals . 
  the only times when the word `` moron '' is used in that context is when referring to past medical practices . 
  in a similar fashion , the words yule and yuletide in english are only used to refer to the pagan festivals in historical contexts . 
   most if not all christmas carols used today came about after christianity spread across europe , so no christmas carols are speaking of yule when they sing about jul/christmas . 
  again , you do n't seem to understand that tonnes of english carols literally use the word `` yule '' or `` yuletide '' to mean christmas . 
  when nat king cole sings, 
   chestnuts roasting on an open fire . 
  jack frost nipping on your nose . 
  yuletide carols being sung by a choir . 
  he 's not talking about the pagan festival . 
  as i said before , it 's the english that you are evidently unfamiliar with . 
  the english word `` yule '' is mostly used to talk of christmas and not pagan festivals , in exactly the same way that juletid is used in danish to talk about christmas and not pagan festivals . 
  just to drive the point home :, 
  deck the hall with boughs of holly ,, 
  fa la la la la la la la la. 
  ` tis the season to be jolly ,, 
  fa la la la la la la la la. 
  don we now our gay apparel, 
  fa la la la la la la la la. 
  troll the ancient yuletide carol ,, 
  fa la la la la la la la la. 
  see the blazing yule before us ,, 
  fa la la la la la la la la. 
  i would say yuletide is actually the most appropriate because surprise surprise , the context of this song is archaic . 
  at very least it should be translated as christmastide ( a more modern formation from yuletide ) , because the song says juletid and not jule . 
  it was the 80s !, 
  the directors were probably all too high on cocaine to even realise something was amiss . 
  girls with daddy issues are commonly though to have relatively low self-esteem combined with a crippling need to have a male father like figure in their life , who they will go to great lengths to please . 
  in my experience though , girls with daddy issue are bad news in a relationship . 
  keen in bed , perhaps , but really co-dependent and insecure as well . 
  the dark lord , prince of hell , the devourer is the name he goes by amongst friends i would guess . 
  honestly that 's immediately what i though . 
  older children 's programmes look super creepy , as if all the people involved in the production were paedos .
