  while india was colonised , it had a more advanced existing culture which the british only interfered with when they saw some advantage in doing so . 
  rural indians kept on doing what they always did , which was shit outdoors in fields away from people , which worked fine when india was much less densely populated . 
  it 's also likely that this data is quite skewed , as you ca n't monitor a whole nation 's shitting habits . 
  public defecation only has data collected on it in areas where public defecation is a problem . 
  lots of people probably shit outdoors in rural mongolia , but it 's not a problem in rural mongolia due its being generally undeveloped and sparsely populated . 
  india 's outdoor shitting problem being so bad is due to population explosion and having some of largest densely populated areas in the world , not to mention many of the most densely populated . 
  simply put , it 's only when you get too many outdoor shitters given the space available that it becomes a real health hazard . 
  india is somewhat unique in having both an outdoor shitting population and space limitations . 
  noticeably you see a similar trend in the poor more densely populated pockets of africa . 
  1.8 % of the vote ? 
  that 's insanely powerful compared to many listed here . 
  the `` mercian separatist movement '' is like 4 bearded blokes in a pub in the midlands somewhere . 
  what the fuck does that have to do with anything ? 
  i was just pointing out that too much focus on security can make you miserable and make life choices that conducive to your happiness . 
  there 's a happy medium between risk and security that is most likely to make you happy long term . 
  there 's being sensible , and there 's being a coward . 
  how is it baseless ? 
  what is my culture ? 
  you 're far more presumptive than i am . 
  germany is n't spectacularly successful , although your nationalistic bias seems to have convinced you of that . 
  pretty middle of the row for gdp and gni . 
  there are mods that offer some decent fixes . 
  one way train lines , motorway lane management , but they can be quite fiddly . 
  sadly there 's no way to 100 percent optimise space , functional cities always require a bit of sprawl or infrastructure inevitably gets overwhelmed . 
  if you 're like me and simply care about getting the maximum economic productivity per square of space you 'll eventually get frustrated with the `` work arounds '' and give up after building your 8th dedicated cargo line . 
  hell of a ride though . 
  well i 'd just be aware that people 's ability to hear accents in languages other than their native ( s ) is often significantly reduced . 
  in most cases , depending on their level it ranges of virtually unable discern any accents whatsoever , to somewhat accent sensitive but at a level that is significantly lower than that of a native speaker with no particular special phonetic awareness . 
  imo this is because the range of divergence from what they 've previously been taught overlaps with the degree of divergence from their `` standard '' that they 're able to understand . 
  this means that they only become aware of an accent at a similar to point at which it interferes with the comprehension . 
  with too low a group they wo n't be able to comment on the character or features of the accent very well , they 'll simply complain that it 's harder to comprehend . 
  people do differ in their degree of phonetic awareness , and it seems to be shaped by both innate and learnt skills . 
  people for english might be and l3 or more , people who have at some point practised phonetics , will have an advantage . 
  however , some people do n't have much conscious awareness of phonetics even if they have mastered the pronunciation of an l2 , it 's all just going on instinctively rather than consciously . 
  this means that discussing accents even with advanced groups can be tricky , with some people being better able to distinguish than others , despite their being at a similar level in other respects . 
  they will probably know the clich\u00e9s about german accents they wo n't necessarily be able to pick up on nuance . 
  i just would n't expect any deep discussion of the accents . 
  how many people can even give a decent description of accents in their native accent ? 
  exposure to multiple accents in standard practice in tefl these days . 
   boys are given the confidence at a very young age that they can perform better than they actually can . 
  i totally disagree frankly . 
  the opposite is true imo . 
  girls are encouraged to be academic because society feels a need to redress historical gender inequality in academia . 
  if boys are intelligent and successful at school it 's considered becoming of their social position and they 're only modestly encouraged . 
  if they 're unsuccessful at school they actively take solace in other qualities and society provides a great number of mediums by which to achieve this . 
  if girls are intelligent they are nurtured , if they 're not they have more to lose as society does n't provide them alternative life goals as readily . 
  simply put : intelligent girls get more encouragement and attention than intelligent boys . 
  boys that struggle academically are more encouraged to drop out of the race and focus on other qualities , girls that do n't succeed academically have fewer options , and feel greater pressure to study and achieve the best they can . 
  it 's a double edged sword . 
  non-academic boys are given an easy time while non-academic girls are given a harder time . 
  let 's not pretend that society does n't tell non-academic boys that it wo n't affect their value as long as they are a worker . 
  boys who struggle at school are actively encouraged to find redemption in the pursuit of economic goals , nobody will care that you 're not good at maths and writing provided you 're successful , and success is about more than just intellect . 
  girls who are n't good academically are seen by society in many ways as fit only to be a wife and a mother . 
  on the other hand boys who succeed academically are often treated like it 's expected of them while girls get more of the teacher 's attention to push them to compensate for a perceived lack of intellectual females . 
  male adolescents most frequently exhibit dangerous behaviour and illegal behaviour . 
  this is a problem for institutions as they potentially cost money . 
  fail to prevent some illegal activity while a child is in your care and you can expect to pay lots of money . 
  schools do n't like to pay high liability premiums . 
  consequently there is increasing pressure to resolve problems of male adolescent delinquency , and this spills over to psychiatry . 
   all she has to do is tap into her social network , maintain her attractiveness and `` choose '' a well-off guy simply by virtue of being a woman, 
  lots of girls are n't attractive enough to click their fingers and find a man willing to support them . 
  lots of girls do n't have a personality that would find happiness in doing that even if they could find a guy willing to do it . 
  i wo n't deny that girls do n't achieve anything in academia or career-wise do n't get it easier in some ways , women are vastly less likely to be homeless , and less likely to be refused help by organisations that focus on getting people in poverty housed and into work . 
  women are still much more likely to find an so willing to support them financially . 
  however , men have a host of career options that lie outside the academic sphere and are perceived as valuable . 
  trades and technical jobs attract males that do n't want to take a more academic route , and it encourages men to see their future as less entwined with their exam results . 
  society tells men that fail at school not to worry , that they can compensate for that failing with hard graft . 
  women who want good career virtually have to take the academic route , and otherwise society deems them as unworthy of any responsibility and encourages them to give up , find a man , and start a family . 
  i 'd bet the farm that we 'd see more polarisation in female career paths and lifetime earnings than men . 
  in my experience the number of women who simply drop out of education at the first opportunity with no stable career path is higher , but so is the number of women who go on to tertiary education is also higher . 
  i 'd argue that of the set of women capable of going onto higher education , a larger percentage actually do so when compared to the number of men capable of it , as more men just think `` fuck it , i 'll go into business or a trade instead '' . 
  uk economy is like 800 billion smaller and germany has 17 million more people . 
  germany is only a bit more relevant economically , and it does n't have anything like the same military power , nuclear weapons , or soft culture influence globally . 
  well it might , but even with brexit the long term trend in the uk economy has been towards growth . 
  germany could easily have more growth , but it wo n't because it 's so heavily fiscally conservative that the parties that would pursue more ambitious economic policy will never see power . 
  germany is its own worst economic enemy , amongst the public , naive economic views are common and have political force ( most countries have large demographics with naive economic views but they do n't have the same political force ) , amongst the academics there is both the legacy of the austrian schools and distrust of capital from the left . 
  and let 's not forget that the weimar republic left a lasting scar on the german public psyche that persists even today . 
  while german are extremely proud of their having the largest gdp in the eu by population , they are also the largest nation in the eu , so it would surprising if they were n't . 
  in reality , with the high level of productivity in the german economy , and the demand for german exports , germans could be a hell of a lot richer than they actually are if they freed up more capital for investment . 
  germany runs a huge trade surplus , which is not only bad for the global economy , but also bad for the average german on the street , who is n't seeing the fruits of his labour in terms of domestic investment . 
  shoring up risk creates stagnation . 
  most mainstream economists would recommend that german invest more in the domestic economy , hopefully increasing productive , and driving up demand for imports and levelling out the surplus , but german is terrified of a bubble and demands a weaker euro to support exports , thus it invests heavily in foreign currencies making the us , the uk , and japan a fair old bit richer . 
  sadly a discourse about this is pretty impossible in germany as it 's such a highly politically charged topic . 
  you 've got a strange mix of left wing people supporting what would be historically considered right wing economic policy aimed at supporting the status quo , whereas in most countries the left are the biggest supporters of spending . 
  such a dumb argument . 
  you know what ice feels like ? 
  you know what boiling water feels like ? 
  well done . 
  you now get celsius . 
  guess what , that `` really fucking cold '' you 're describing is just an arbitrary temperature that we have no way to gauge unless you 've experienced it . 
  it 's quite tiring seeing the same argument in every thread about fahrenheit . 
  someone has to come out with the old clich\u00e9 about it being more intuitive for talking about the weather . 
  no , just no . 
  it only seems that way because of cognitive bias caused by decades of familiarity with it . 
  all the old people in the uk said that when celsius was being introduced , yet you can barely find anyone that still uses it in the uk barring some stubborn pensioners . 
  in fact , very few people can tell the difference between 23 and 24 degree centigrade , only old people that never leave the same climate controlled environment perhaps , so having such a `` precise '' scale is the definition of being arbitrary ( for the purposes of human weather estimations ) . 
  the most `` intuitive '' scale would be something like celcius divided by 10 , which could be made more accurate as necessary simply by adding a decimal point . 
  we will bury them . 
  rhoticism in english is a good example of that . 
  so our labour markets are more isolated , preventing migration trends within certain much needed industries .
