  everyone knows the loose skin look is n't attractive , but it 's way less disgusting than being an obese whale and a lot healthier too . 
  yeah who knows . 
  personally i 'm not even a big fan of top gear so i do n't care , the only sad thing is that it had become such a household name . 
  frankly i 'd gladly what a programme where those three just dicked around doing challenges without the pretence of it being a review show anyway . 
  hey op , it 's not your fault ... no really it 's not your fault ... it 's not your fault !, 
  it 's not your fault op ... 
  op i love you for your correct use of which . 
  you use y' all though ... 
  chinese kids being pretentious about the authenticity of chinese food ? 
  oh you mean like these americans freaking out over british [ processed food ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3g5tfrgn6m ) and [ mcdonalds ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=d_fm-lyj91k ) as if americans were the connoisseurs of these `` delicacies '' . 
  you mean how they 'll correct your pronunciation every 3 minutes including telling you that you must pronounce , route  rowt , apricot  app-ricot , clique  click , croissant  cruh-sahnt and so on . 
  do n't you know not being racist means dragging race into everything . 
  america is the only not racist country because it acknowledges that different races are so profoundly different that they can never possibly get along and therefore all require their own special niches and acknowledgements of their unique `` difference '' , something that reflected in their segregated communities . 
  this is what it truly means to be not racist , to suggest everyone be the same is not only bloody communism , but offensive european cultural normativity !, 
  europe only gets away with this because it 's completely homogeneous with barely an african-american to be seen !, 
  childishly ridiculous self-congratulatory shitpost - +15 !, 
  reddit is such a anti-american circlejerk ! . 
  this is what americans actually believe ... 
  this is why the bills past in congress so accurately reflect the interests of the people . 
  all you have to accept is that what 's good for business is good for the average american . 
  better situation for business tycoons = more money = richer americans . 
  it 's a simple equation and unfettered laissez faire capitalism has been proved time and time again to be in the best interests of the common man . 
  just look at how good people had it in early 19th century britain for example !, 
  welfare ( workhouses ) for all !, 
  so many jobs ( in mills and factories ) that even children had them !, 
  employers were n't held down by regulations , they knew that if someone was mangled by a machine it was their own fault for being careless . 
  god i wish i lived in those times . 
  who the hell calls it `` having a pee '' ? 
  oh virtually no one would say that because they 're not ignorant insular fucktards . 
  damn ca n't remember what that music is . 
  meh it 's no stupider than hour or honour . 
  what is dumb is the fact they claim american english is more logical yet these insist on the erb pronunciation . 
  what 's the purpose in hour ? 
  i did n't mean that . 
  i meant that both hour and honour have silent - h 's just as the americans believe herb does . 
  i had someone argue the toss about these eggs once . 
  apparently unwashed eggs are disgusting because chickens shit out of the same hole the eggs come from . 
  you can tell this is a big deal because of all the europeans dying from chicken faeces contaminated eggs , certainly kills and sickens more people than salmonella in the us . 
  well at least he admitted he was ignorant of that rather than backtracking , even if he described it as a `` problem '' . 
  i think he means fucking anything other than seasonal work in tourism and old people 's homes . 
  i mean i doubt anyone expects heavy industry to come to a small seaside town but some decent office developments or small factories would no doubt boost employment and offer the residents stable employment . 
  i 've seen plenty of sea side towns in my day and it 's amazing how many are withered husks and rough as old arseholes . 
  good place to start with the basics . 
  duolingo italian to english course . 
  free of course . 
  shoot 'em all an ' let god sort 'em out !, 
  so diversity , very culture, 
  `` taking a pee '' sounds like you 're collecting pee to store in a bucket for later ? 
  wtf ? 
  what would you say then ? 
  punk ass new world robin . 
  virtually dutch by geography anyway . 
  in my experience kissing in the uk is for family , female friends you know relatively well , female friends of your parents ( like your auntie who is n't really your auntie ) and of course people you have a sexual relationship with . 
  in my family it was always two kisses on the cheek , left then right for female . 
  if it was a close male relative like father or grandfather it might be a single kiss on the cheek , otherwise otherwise no man on man kissing permitted . 
  generally i thought this was pretty normal in the uk , but i think it depends on your background . 
  if your a southern middle class type whose family owns a cottage en provence this is definitely the way , but if you 're family a staunchly working class types from yorkshire it might be different . 
  well for me in the uk kissing on the cheek twice is perfectly normal , think this guy is just playing off stereotypes . 
  we do it in the uk , at least some of us . 
  also pretty common here in southern germany as well . 
  obviously it 's situational though . 
  looks more like a map of the prevalence of the belief that one has been sexually harassed than a map of sexual harassment . 
  the countries where it claims sexually harassment is highest also happen to be the countries where awareness of sexual harassment issues is highest . 
  i really do n't think that swedish men are so much more predisposed to harass than men in the czech republic . 
  i mean seriously . 
  if it 's not common why does it seems to be prevalent within virtually all my social circles ? 
  `` as a north american '' , i highly doubt you 're in a better position to judge . 
  i 'm not even saying it 's the norm here , but i assure that a significant minority do , so it 's not rare or unusual . 
  from [ wikipedia ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/cheek_kissing#western_europe ) . 
  i also think netherlands and half of belgium count as germanic cultures . 
   although cheek kissing is not as widely practiced in the united kingdom as in other parts of europe , it is still commonplace . 
  it is mostly used as a greeting and/or a farewell , but can also be offered as a congratulation or as a general declaration of friendship or love . 
  cheek kissing is acceptable between parents and children , family members ( though not often two adult males ) , couples , two female friends or a male friend and a female friend . 
  cheek kissing between two men who are not a couple is unusual but socially acceptable if both men are happy to take part . 
  cheek kissing is associated with the middle and upper classes , as they are more influenced by french culture . 
  this behaviour was traditionally seen as a french practice, 
  guess it differs from family to family . 
  strange that you only did it inside though , as if it were shameful haha !, 
  i would n't . 
  i 've always associated hugging with the yanks . 
  the only people i might hug are close family . 
  otherwise it 's a quick double peck for the girls and a handshake , maybe with some shoulder to shoulder back patting for the lads . 
  always thought of veterans as people who actually served in wars . 
  as in ww2 vet , falklands vet . 
  never really considered them as everyone who 's ever been in the forces . 
  seems kinda ridiculous since it would make half my family vets , whilst only one every did anything remotely dangerous . 
  guess we see it differently in the uk . 
  edit : why downvote ? 
  we actually do use the term differently in the uk . 
  people who merely served at some point are not considered veterans , only people who 've seen deployment can say they are a veteran here e.g `` a gulf war veteran '', 
  well i doubt it as air force officers . 
  it 's just we use the term differently in the uk . 
  if i look at a british dictionary the definition of veteran as `` someone who has been in the armed forces during a war '' is a secondary definition and it is marked as a us only usage . 
  if i look in an american dictionary veteran is `` an old soldier of long service '' or `` a former member of the armed forces '' . 
  so i guess that veteran meaning any ex-military personnel is solely a us meaning . 
  so they 're not veterans by the standards in the uk . 
  if someone is a veteran here it mean they have experience with something . 
  the only people who are veterans here are people who did major service in actual wars in which case the term is prefixed by the war they served in e.g ww2 veterans . 
  we 're just so thankful that our traitorous puritanical ancestors did n't freeze to death or get eaten by bears , saved by the indians and then were able to go on to genocide their people and prolong slavery for another 150 years . 
  yeah , fact is the bitch in the white shirt started being rude by saying `` i do n't give a fuck about anything you have to say '' or whatever .
