  you ca n't question instincts man ... 
  gosh i did n't think i was being that negative , it 's uncontroversial that philosophers have taken a back seat since ancient times , i was n't dismissing them . 
  this question to me is a bit like asking when was the first history book written , it 's not really a specific moment , you could count any time from the first time anyone wrote down something that had happened to the first official history textbook publication and where you draw the line is really a somewhat arbitrary personal choice . 
  does anyone really care about teenagers playing gta ? 
  parents buying it for their children is wrong but frankly if they 're old enough to be loitering outside shops without supervision does it matter if they get to play a game ? 
  who had n't seen a catalogue of 18 rated films by that age anyway ? 
  only people buying the daily mail propaganda if you ask me . 
  people are very susceptible to these psychology back flips in general to be fair . 
  or a blowtorch ... 
  and why , pray tell , would the shortening of a word change its plurality ? 
  to be fair it 's not like you 're short of linguistic variation round that neck of the woods . 
  i love my liquidify tool, 
  that 's kinda bullshit to be honest . 
  fact is most british food is so common place you forget it 's british . 
  also loads of generically northern european food is often frenchified due to the cultural capital it holds , they 're still the world leaders in cuisine after all . 
  imo all food is peasant food until the french put a fancy spin on it . 
  slab ' o ' cow becomes fillet steak , haunch of deer becomes venaison du sanglier or whatnot . 
  imo the only reason the uk gets a bad rap for cuisine is because the french have locked down the market on the upmarket version of all possible meals !, 
  it 's pretty much the apex of brummie and southern cultural influences , when the germans bombed it , it caused a vortex in the cultural space time continuum opening tears to some type of parallel cultural wasteland , occasionally things bleed through and they only way to stem the bleed is to add more concrete . 
  haha to be fair birmingham has a lot going on , even if what 's going on might not be so pleasing a toff 's appetite . 
  it 's creepy if you ask me ... seriously there must be something freakish around here that drives us to reddit ... 
  that 's only true for continental europe . 
  the uk caters to all tastes with 4 % lagers and 3 % ales . 
  i do n't see why we ca n't go 100 % europe and keep the commonwealth strong ... 
  i mean come on we want as many travelling benefits as we can get right ? 
  we think of ourselves as europeans to be honest . 
  just not continentals !, 
  ( which is what we mean when we say european ), 
  and there 's big ass lochs in scotland too but it does n't signify the same shit . 
  they 've literally been at our backs waiting for us to trip up with a jibe of `` stupide anglais '' for the whole of history, 
  yourite ? 
  it 's not really true , there are some respects american ame resembles archaic english sure , a greater number of rhotic speakers for example , but then there are plenty of ways ame has mutated away from even archaic bre so it 's not really true to say ame is more similar . 
  that 's not a fact at all , compare original pronunciation with how they speak in rural parts of south west england , it 's virtually the same . 
  it 's a bit silly to think the american accents have changed less than some places in the uk where the colloquial dialect has barely changed in hundreds of years . 
  shoe !, 
  fyi those one pound coins in the trolleys are only there in areas where there 's a high rate of trolley theft . 
  every year there 's some foreign students who think it 's just fine to `` borrow '' a trolley because they only live round the corner so yeah , in a sense you were probably the cause of that experience . 
  seriously fuck off , that 's fucking racist in itself . 
  so you have one experience in italy and not only do you decide this is somehow part of the italian character but it also applies to all europeans ? 
  what you 're saying is like me going , `` i had a bad experience with some people in china , so everyone in india is a cunt , in fact everyone in asia is a cunt '' . 
  it is so hard to believe that different parts of eu have different attitudes to race ? 
  i 'm pretty sure there are certain parts of the us you 'd find pretty unwelcoming too . 
  loads of people wear sweatpants / leggings , especially students , it 's perfectly acceptable to wear them in the supermarket or whatever , you just would n't wear them out to the pub . 
  uk ... somewhere in the middle to be honest, 
  probably is , i 'm not in a position to go looking stuff up right now xd, 
  nice to know our fair isle will for you forever be associated with wanking, 
  that 's mostly bullshit , it 's 2.50 for a pint here , our weed is good you most likely just got ripped off/crap dealers , i do n't think most the poverty in western europe compares with detroit / new orleans . 
  house prices per square metre are directly proportional to population density , we like city living and do n't care about so much about owning a slice of land . 
  root beer tastes like medicine , nobody wants it here . 
  the negativity towards america is mostly directed towards culture / politics and is often justified . 
  despite all this , yes there are plenty of assholes here too , we 're only human . 
  that 's just crap , i can understand how you might get that impression from some places in southern europe , but much of uk / france / germany / ireland / scandinavia are n't like that at all . 
  wow i got a mobile plan with unlimited internet data for only # 35 a month . 
  that seems a crazy amount of pay for internet :(, 
  it 's not that at all , we understand we 're in europe geographically absolutely . 
  it 's really no different to americans calling themselves american , when really the `` americas '' span far wider than the usa . 
  it 's easier for us citizens to refer to themselves as `` americans '' amongst themselves , and so it is easier for brits to refer to all the other people in europe who are n't in the british isles as european . 
  we still consider icelanders as europeans so it 's really nothing more than a arbitrary linguistic distinction and nothing to do with geography whatsoever . 
  as for the japanese , is n't is natural for island nations to distinguish themselves from their main cousins ? 
  given that so much of our histories have depended on those few miles of water that separate us ? 
  i did n't say our alcohol is the cheapest in the world , but if you can buy a pint of beer in a bar for # 2.50 ( 4 dollars ) i do n't think you can call it so expensive . 
   you only think that because you have no point of reference . 
  if you 're used to shitty weed , and it 's status quo to you , you do n't realize that it 's actually shit . 
  i 've met europeans in the us who have admitted that weed in the us is much stronger . 
  this is the equivalent of calling me a fucking idiot , i 've been to holland / usa many times , i 've also been many other places , a good hydroponic strain is a good hydroponically grown strain , it makes little to no difference where you are . 
  to presume that you , a tourist , could get hold of decent shit anywhere weed is illegal is the real joke . 
   detroit and new orleans are anomalies . 
  they are the worst places in the us . 
  meanwhile cities in europe that people think are nice usually have pretty terrible poverty once you leave the business district or tourist areas . 
  that 's because our poverty is evenly spread , unlike your utterly appalling wealth distribution . 
  we do n't hide the poor in the ghetto so we can avoid dealing with them , you 'll find that the us has more people suffering below the poverty line than most western european nations by any objective standards . 
   the us is ranked at 3rd place [ 2 ] in the human development index . 
  only one european country , norway , ranks higher than the us . 
  the hdi is a load of shit , they ca n't even calculate education off anything other than the number of mandatory years spent in school . 
   and yet i do n't have a right to be shocked by the difference between the us and europe in this regard ? 
  homes and apartments in europe are tiny . 
  it 's not just in the city either . 
  i 've stayed in suburbs in the uk and germany . 
  tiny houses . 
  i do n't think you have the right to be shocked when people do n't feel a lack from having smaller dwellings , you can be shocked in the sense of `` oh shit that 's different '' but it 's hardly a ground for criticism . 
  it 's a cultural difference not something to be considered a negative . 
   no , it 's really not . 
  you focus your scorn and derision on the us to divert attention from your own problems which are similar or worse . 
  the amount of gratuitous , unwarranted american-bashing i saw in european media is insane . 
  if it were directed against any other nationality , you 'd consider it to be bigotry . 
  but since it 's the us , you not only tolerate it but encourage it . 
  bashing the us is a mental crutch that people use to make the world simpler . 
  having a single foreign bogeyman to lambaste all the time makes your own countries and your own lives seem better , even if they 're not . 
  your problems are worse ? 
  i think that 's rather presumptuous to think that given the utterly fucked up shit we 've seen in the us . 
  if we only count western europe we do n't have the crime , the murder , the school/public shootings in the anything like the number you do . 
  many many americans use the bogey man of socialism to make the world simpler , and just about any other ideological crutch they can get their hands on . 
  i 'd just like to add that almost all your criticisms were superficial and materialist , lack of products ( weed , root beer ) , size of residence , cost of alcohol . 
  to be honest if this is how you think you 're better suited to america ... 
  more normal in fact !, 
  welcome home . 
   no , it 's me saying that you have no point of reference . 
  which is itself a stupid assumption . 
   first off all , your poverty is not evenly spread . 
  any area of any european city that has even approaching a similar rate of minorities to the us has way worse poverty than the other areas .
