  divide and conquer is the name of the game , because it 's only when the have-nots work together against the haves that they have the power to do it . 
  for example , it makes a lot more sense to just subsidise the employment of people than it does to create a living wage for the population , because it keeps the people occupied and focussed on money instead of having the time and luxury to work on improving the political situation . 
  it also makes sense to ensure there is wealth disparity even between the `` useless eaters '' who are n't really necessary to the system because it will keep them apart from each other . 
  give half the people double the money and that half will distrust anything coming from the other half because they think they really just want a share of their wealth . 
  how often do we hear that social democracy will never work in the us like in does in denmark because the us is n't homogeneous enough ? 
  and it 's just taken for granted that the us is not and never can be homogeneous because people are divided on the basis or race , location , creed and wealth . 
  as technology progresses , capitalism becomes more and more about creating busy work for the population to keep them preoccupied and more concerned with day to day than the bigger picture . 
  the day will come some time in the future when the system will implode , and who the fuck knows what will happen then . 
  well , it 's probably a very internet based phenomena , but whenever i see someone trying to argue that europe is racist , gypsies seem to come into the picture . 
  the uk was pretty much the same until colonialism stopped being cool . 
  some irish languages were lost forever , welsh was fought back into the wilds of the north west where nobody could reach them . 
  in schools there was often a special cane or punishment for kids caught speaking the native language . 
  some languages like scots english and cornish disappeared or diminished of their own accord . 
  a lot of the support and funding you see for these languages now is by way of apology for doing our best to wipe them out . 
  all travellers are gypsies but not all gypsies are travellers , i was being specific , what 's so hard about this ? 
  failing that there 's always the five finger discount . 
  absolutely not necessary unless you want to be one of the best guilds ( top 500 in the world say , that 's probably the top 25,000 of a few million active players ) . 
  even less necessary these days when the game is far more centred around the casual player . 
  back in the early days of wow there was a much bigger gap between the hardcore guilds and the casual guilds , clearing the content took so much more dedication , preparation and time , so even guilds that were n't trying to compete on the highest level had to take things a lot more seriously . 
  in the early wow there was lot less for the highly casual players to do . 
  basically just battlegrounds , making money and the same 6 5 man dungeons over and over . 
  nowadays most of the content centres around casual players , with higher difficulty modes available for those who want the challenge . 
  at the time we were the number 1 guild on our server and within the top 200 guilds on the eu servers so we took it very seriously . 
  we were never the most dedicated , we all had jobs and school and stuff , but our goal was to clear the content as fast as possible and play the game at its highest level . 
  playing your class to the best of your ability , turning up on time for raids , doing anything less than optimally was tantamount to letting down the other 50 members of the guild , we had to weed out the weak and apathetic players to ensure our guild kept strong . 
  it was a fun period for me that lasted about 18 months at which point i decided it was time to rejoin he human race . 
  was n't bad at all really , had some great times , but ultimately not worth it for the reward . 
  yeah , just to clear , just because i do n't like gypsies does n't mean i approve of concentration camps . 
   i 'm of the opinion that like at least 70 % of humanity should be processed, 
  you must be fun at parties . 
  yeah well , it happens . 
  well that 's strange since even travellers themselves seem to be ok with being called gypsies , and were solely known as such until they started need to distinguish themselves from roma and a few people started claiming that gypsy was n't pc . 
  yeah , being a bouncer is also about knowing when to hold off and wait for the police to arrive . 
  there 's no special protection given to bouncers under the law , they can still be charged with assault . 
  they 're there to break up fights and escort people from the premises , not to get into fights themselves ... 
  they 're both amazingly enough . 
  my point was that it 's strange that you seem to think gypsy = roma, 
  but what he 's saying is n't correct . 
  travellers are know as gypsies in much of the world , and were in ireland according to wikipedia , it 's just not the correct pc term . 
  it 's not pc to call anyone a gypsy in fact , even a roma . 
  that 's probably more to do with the irish travelling communities not being so well known in the us than anything else . 
  plenty of american right wingers call europe racist in order to assert their belief in american superiority . 
  no , i mean that travellers are a kind of gypsy . 
  gypsy ! = romani . 
  if you 've watched snatch then you know that did n't work out too well for the guys who did it . 
  not all right wingers are racist , but almost all racists are right wing , funny that ... 
  does anyone think that the tattoo artist is a fucking racist cuntflap for doing this ? 
  like , i think it 's hilarious when someone mistranslates something with google translate and gets someone who does n't speak the language to tattoo it , the tattoo artist is just doing what they 're told . 
  however , if you wilfully and knowingly permanently tattoo with something you know is incorrect simply because they 're foreign then you 're a fucking arsehole who should n't be allowed near anyone with a needle . 
  no , romani is a kind of gypsy , and traveller is kind of gypsy . 
  i know travellers are n't romani . 
  first quote that comes up when googled . 
  there are two types of gypsies -- roma gypsies and irish travellers . 
  both have a nomadic lifestyle but are separate ethnic groups . 
  what you saying that no right wing people ever claim europe is racist ? 
  [ how about this ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/2cb7ka/the_swedish_government_announced_that_it_plans_to/cjdxsbv ) ... [ or this one with +1000 upvotes ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/2v1d25/what_is_something_north_america_generally_does/codojaj ) ... [ or this one with +200 that specifically mentions gypsies ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/television/comments/45q260/the_day_beyonc%c3%a9_turned_black_snl/czznqj1 ), 
  it 's become almost a clich\u00e9 for hardcore american right wingers to slag europe off by claiming it to be racist . 
  nothing , but the sentiment they are expressing i see all the time on subs like / r/shitstatistssay / r/the _ donald / r/libertarian and i highly expect they are right wing . 
  yeah but they take advantage of the fact that you 're not going to do that by being incredibly petty and troublesome . 
  if you tried to kick them out they 'd be screaming discrimination and trashing the place . 
  this video is the perfect example , the guy tried to stand up to him and they made a huge ruckus over it . 
  if he 'd really pissed them off they 'd have probably come back that night and smashed the windows or whatever . 
  ultimately it 's just not worth taking on the hassle over their scummy behaviour , as it 's rarely that serious just incredibly anti-social and annoying . 
  do you really want me to dig through those trash subreddits to find specific instances of right wingers claiming europe is racist and that we all hate gypsies , because i can if you want me to , although you 'll probably just have some smart arse response to that . 
  yeah , but you ca n't expect individual people to take losses and harm to themselves just to enforce the social contract . 
  that 's why we have society to fix shit like this for us as a collective . 
  now , even society does n't know what to do with them , especially since most of the shit things they do are either legal but really cunty , like claiming there 's something wrong with your food after eating half of it and demanding a refund , to petty crimes like nicking bikes , scamming people out of pocket change and skipping out on the cheque in restaurants . 
  the only way to stand up against them is collectively , and most communities are n't tight enough to do that any longer . 
  just do it yourself , you 'll soon find that `` europe is more racist than america cos gypsies '' is fast becoming one of the most popular arguments . 
  that 's a nice way of looking at it but i think it was a bit more sinister and calculated than that . 
  not to sound like a conspiracy theorist here but drugs are great way to control people . 
  who uses drugs ? 
  mostly minorities and poor people . 
  who does society fear ? 
  minorities and poor people . 
  it criminalises the users in a way they ca n't avoid . 
  the problem with old fashioned crime was that you had to catch them in the act , but when someone is a user they 're a criminal by way of what they have in their pocket . 
  maybe it was n't the motivation for all drugs becoming illegal , but you ca n't deny that when cannabis became illegal is was easy to achieve because it was popular in black communities , maybe they saw how that worked and kept going . 
  just a thought . 
  lol what the fuck are you on about . 
  where did i claim to be a `` proud american '', 
   these certainly are n't considered the proper spelling in american english . 
  yes , but they are in english . 
  look it 's not my fault your education system does n't equip you with the critical thinking skills necessary to deal with the difference in nuance between words like :, 
   quitting is losing is surrendering, 
  you seem to be labouring under the illusion that losing , or coming off worse , in a war is the same as surrendering . 
  i 'm not trying to put down anything , you 're the one who things it was the massive world altering conflict when at the time it was at best a regional conflict , part a much wider battle for dominance between the european great powers of the day . 
  if you knew anything about history you 'd realise that . 
  when you make statements like :, 
   it damaged britain 's standing with the rest of europe and lit a slow fuse under the entire concept of dependent colonies, 
  yes , you are glamorising the significance of the revolutionary war because of how hilariously historically inaccurate that statement is . 
  the loss of the 13 colonies signified the end of the 1st british empire and the foundation of the 2nd one . 
  the 2nd one being the largest empire that ever existed in human history , possibly the entire universe . 
  the undermining of the concept of dependent colonies did n't happen until hundreds of years afterwards , so your attempt to correlate the two is just laughable . 
  nowhere did i claim that the us did n't win the revolutionary war . 
  they successfully routed the british troops , turned public opinion against the war which convinced the british parliament to stop funding the war effort and sue for peace , that 's a win for the us . 
  however , it 's not the same as `` making britain surrender '' and if you ca n't understand that then you 're a moron . 
  what 's your point . 
  i 'm saying that people do n't use gypsy to mean ethnically romani , they use it to mean , those people over there in the caravans and tents who keep causing trouble and stealing things . 
  thus it can not be racism it might be different in the balkans , but in most of europe nobody is even going to know how to spot someone who is ethnically romani .
