  the bees were totally deus ex machina . 
  the story went for a realistic gritty crime tone , but the bee plot element was too unbelievable for that setting . 
  i think to make it believable you 'd need to set it in a more futuristic setting , as it was it did n't make sense that most of the technology would be near future but then you 'd have self replicating bees all over the shop . 
  surely if we can build self-replicating bees then the military would have had access to non-replicating similar technology for year . 
  similar to the episode `` be right back '' , the sci-fi side of it just did n't ring true . 
  as you rightly pointed out , if they 'd made it a bit more of a light hearted and campy episode then the killer robot bees plot element might not have been so jarring , it 's easier to forgive an inconsistent sci-fi setting when it 's clearly just poking fun , but the combination of a serious tone , killer robot bees , and a near future setting just made it very unbelievable . 
  that said , i disagree about the characters , i thought the character acting was strong , and that 's pretty much the only reason i watched it until the end . 
  not the worst episode of black mirror in my opinion , that goes to be right back in my mind . 
  although i 'd put it near the bottom , i do n't know which i prefer , waldo moment or hated in the nation , but they 're definitely my one from last and two from last respectively . 
  no , that 's what you are meant to feel . 
  obviously he 's broken the law and deserves punishment , but he has n't done anything to warrant the vigilante justice he received . 
  black mirror 's message is generally against the kind of hate filled mentality that people who think paedophiles deserve to be strung up from the nearest lamppost . 
  watch white bear , it 's a commentary on exactly that . 
  this episode making a point how in society , kenny would rather be a murderer than be seen as a paedophile , that 's how powerful that label is , although in the end he ends up being labelled as both . 
  here is https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_cookie_monster_ ( novella ), 
  be right back was worse imo . 
  white christmas - best episode , multiple strong concepts and twists, 
  white bear - great episode , best twist , can only really watch it once sadly, 
  entire history of you - best episode from a sci-fi pov , very realistic and feasible, 
  15m merits - amazing from a emotional perspective , characters really get you involved despite the setting being somewhat unrealistic, 
  shut up and dance - really clever episode imo , have to watch it twice to get the whole thing, 
  men against fire - really good concept , somewhat laboured delivery making it predictable but still solid, 
  san junipero - very clever , good exploration of concept , just quite slow to really get interesting, 
  play test - explores good themes about the implications of virtual reality , clever ending , but characters are n't strong, 
  national anthem - solid episode but very anglocentric so i would n't be surprised if non-britons did n't rate it , still a good exploration of a theme, 
  nosedive - again solid exploration of a theme , however too drawn out and an overly saccharine ending, 
  hated in the nation - personally think this one was real deus-ex machina stuff sadly , somewhat redeemed by good acting and a solid crime narrative , as a piece of television this one should probably be higher but as a black mirror episode i do n't think it deserves it . 
  waldo moment - ok this one requires some suspension of disbelief , but it 's quite fun and cynical and the main character is quite good, 
  be right back - just not a good episode in my opinion , when it comes to sci-fi realism it makes no sense , and there 's nothing that redeeming about it . 
  be right back is the worst episode they 've made imo . 
  that 's a bit weird , he 's clearly at least 18 , i 'm pretty sure the implication is n't that he was jerking it to `` teens '' , i 'm pretty sure the implication that it was actual kids , like darkweb shit . 
  is this meant to be shocking . 
  do n't see why you think writing officiously is helpful . 
   it was saying that i 'm an american ( geographical and cultural context ) with a scottish surname and family ( thus providing the trigger for a comment , should one exist , as well as a potential sensitivity to noticing comments about scottish people ) , who has spent more time in scotland -- let alone the rest of the world -- than the average american ( additional triggers for comments ) . 
  i disagree , giving the information that you have a scottish surname and have spent a few weeks in scotland was n't tat helpful to the discussion . 
  to me it seems stereotypical of an american to even mention the fact . 
  i too have a scottish surname and have spent some time there , does that make me more knowledgeable or curious than the next guy , no i do n't think so . 
  maybe you did n't mean to suggest you had insight because of your heritage / time there , maybe you just meant to explain your interest in scotland , but even the implication that someone with a scottish surname/heritage would consequently be interested in scottish culture still strikes me as a uniquely american assumption imo . 
  serial killer wrapped in premium copyright material all over his skin to avoid identification ? 
  sounds like an episode right there . 
  as i pointed out before the ama , the series is full of pseudo consistency and references to other episodes because it wants to tease you into thinking there 's a timeline , and make your mind wonder how it could all fit together . 
  if in your head canon you want to imagine it 's all the same universe go ahead , but i think it 's been patently clear , before the 3rd season even , that there was never meant to be any true temporal consistency between settings . 
  they create the universes of each episode with telling the specific story told in that episode in mind , if that involves borrowing themes from other episodes that fine , but they 're not going to let consistency get in the way of story telling . 
  of course it does n't make sense that in be right back she can grow someone in a bathtub but does n't have optical implants , nor does it make sense when you must assume that nosedive , entire history of you , and white christmas all must happen around the same time period , yet there are vast differences between the `` worlds '' they inhabit . 
  when you think about it , the point at which the girlfriend character from white christmas conceives a child must necessarily occur after the events of nosedive and entire history of you , because after they fall out she is able to block him , yet in both nosedive and entire history of you it 's possible for people to remove the eyes ( i guess nosedive is set in the us so arguably different rules , but still it seems prior to white christmas in some regards ) . 
  how is the kid in white christmas by the end ? 
  like 7 or something ? 
  so the time we see back then must be at least a decade after entire history of you at least . 
  people seem really worked up on the timeline thing . 
  your assessment of shut up and dance is ridiculous , it was clearly the best and most hard hitting episode of series 3 , and the one that made the most effective social commentary . 
  shut up and dance - best episode of this series , really hits you hard at an emotional level, 
  men against fire - best episode conceptually , beautifully shot which nice technological elements , albeit a bit laboured , you see the `` twist '' a mile off . 
  san junipero - beautiful episode , great concept , well done , just a bit slow to get going , spent the first 20-30 minutes wondering how this was black mirror , but it quickly picked up in the 2nd half . 
  nosedive - good but a bit laboured and slow and an overly saccharine ending, 
  playtest - good concept however the main character is n't that likeable , maybe not as deep and satirical as some other episodes but an effective horror tale , will keep you on the edge of your seat the first time around . 
  hated in the nation - bees ex machina , from the first few scenes you know it 's going to be the bees , the problem was me was that the bees seem like just a campy b-move plot device , yet the tone of the episode was very dark and serious , and the setting was in the near future . 
  put these three together and you find the whole thing quite unbelievable . 
  well acted with a classic time tested crime thriller formula which redeems it slightly and makes it worth viewing . 
  edit : wow downvotes ? 
  whoever did that needs to grow up , everyone is entitled to their opinion . 
  [ you should watch this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kamei4uhafe ) . 
  point is that everyone is so obsessed about home ownership , when it 's not the only way amass wealth long term , not even necessarily the best way to amass wealth long term . 
  we have a total lack of saving culture in the uk , essentially throw all our assets into over priced homes without understanding that that home is just another asset we 're invested in , an asset that we have the luxury of living in but also comes with a lot of additional hidden costs . 
  in actuality a stock portfolio could actually be a better asset . 
  it 's as if we only trust houses because they 're literally brick and mortar , but do n't trust investment because it 's abstract . 
  we also ca n't get around the psychological bias that tells us that rent is `` wasted '' money and that a mortgage is money we 're going to get `` back '' at the end when we pay off the house . 
  in reality you 're paying for your mortgage with interest and fees in exactly the same way you pay a landlord for the opportunity to reside in their property while not taking responsibility for the property itself . 
  yes , you have to blame the behaviour of the housing market in recent times for giving people these unrealistic impressions about how a mortgage is the ultimate step up the wealth ladder , however , realistically you have no idea what the housing market is going to do in the future . 
  by throwing all your equity into a home you 're taking a very undiversified risk , that could be ruined by a singular event ( say the specific area your house is in goes into decline , or 10 years from now the house needs major work done and it eats up any inflation beating return on your house 's value ) . 
  at very least a diverse investment portfolio is far less likely to go badly and result in a loss overall . 
  there 's a chance it could under perform of course , but that would most likely be tied to wider economic issues . 
  anyway none of this is saying a mortgage is a bad idea , it 's just saying sit down and work it out for yourself , the video itself acknowledges that often the housing market outperforms investment . 
  it 's just saying be aware that it 's no so simple as `` rent = money lost '' `` mortgage = savings '', 
  you do realise that the vast majority of people in the uk have their savings in pounds right ? 
  and you do realise that although things are going to become more expensive with brexit your salary is n't going to rise right ? 
  so no , the fall in the pound does not increase any ordinary british person 's chance to buy a house . 
  it helps foreign investors come in and buy property at budget rates though , which in turn will drive up the # value of homes , making it even harder for britons to buy them . 
  representational democracy works pretty well imo . 
  i think the guy in the street should not have a say directly on issues of policy . 
  did you watch the video ? 
  it 's from the assumption that you 're living in your home . 
  the point is that even paying rent every month , the money you can save not buying while renting can be invested into an asset , and in 25 years times , that asset could potentially be worth more than the home you bought . 
  lucky you , but do think that can happen for everyone or that such growth is sustainable ? 
  watch the video , it explains it far better than i could . 
  i think he 's got to be 18 because he 's working and not in education . 
  by law you have to be education or an apprenticeship until 18 in the uk these days . 
  being unable to drive at 18 is not that unusual in the uk . 
  mark carney is probably the only person right now i trust when it comes to brexit . 
  why the fuck ca n't he just be pm and we 'd be out producing germany in no time . 
  i 've never had those troubles when renting . 
  always been mostly stress free to me . 
  also if you move while renting the costs are minimal . 
  one contract expires , another does n't take its place . 
  also , if you think landlords are stressful , try moving house and your mortgage , if you that 2 or 3 times over the course of a 25 year mortgage you 're just compiling stress and cost together rather than dealing with lower stakes stress consistently through your rental life . 
  anyway , what you 're saying just sounds more indicative of the terrible state of britain 's rental market and the poor regulatory environment the uk government has created . 
  actually , he 's a voice of economic sense with government that 's clearly trying to run britain into the ground . 
  he 's entitled to his opinions , that 's why the bank of england is separate from the treasury . 
  since brexit britain has lost the economic plot , and he 's the only one being honest about it . 
  who 's this nil ? 
  i would still welcome his challenging the government on economic issues assuming his arguments made sense , which they do .
