  to do anything differently is kind of pretentious , simply because it 's to deliberately rebel against the community you 're a part of . 
  i was just trying to defend the other pronunciation of the word against the people who claim that it 's inherently pretentious or incorrect . 
  basically just by pointing out that nobody expects english speakers to use phonemes that do n't exist in english , but / kwa.s\u0252n / is n't that hard for most english speakers , ( americans might have to say / kwa.s\u0251n / ) , and also that there are good valid objective linguistic reasons for preferring the english approximation / kwa.s\u0251n / over / kr\u0259\u02c8s\u0251nt / . 
   / kwa.s\u0252n / annoys me because if someone says it , it 's clear that they 're going for the french pronunciation of the word . 
  as long as you understand that outside of the us that ceases to be true , people say / kwa.s\u0252n / ( and sometimes / kwa.s\u0252nt / ) in other countries because it is the way the french word was absorbed into their version of english . 
  so the only reason / kwa.s\u0252n / is pretentious in the us is because it 's deliberately doing something differently from the majority to stand out and appear more cultured . 
  there 's nothing inherently illogical or pretentious about that set of phonemes . 
  if you ask me the typical american pronunciation is a phonetic reconstruction based on the french spelling , whereas / kwa.s\u0252n / came about because english speakers heard french speakers saying [ k\u0281wa.s\u0251\u0303 ] and did their best to recreate it using the sounds their language had a available , and you ca n't blame anyone for that really can you ? 
  ah ok , did n't see that comment , i was just point out that globally it 's more than hipsters and french-canadians that use the more french pronunciations . 
  filet = fil-ay , fillet = fil-it fyi . 
  one is a french word , one is an english word that was etymologically derived from the french word . 
  i do n't think the distinction is marked in american english though . 
  it 's the same with some other words , for example it 's correct to talk about val-ay parking , but a gentleman 's servant should always be referred to as a val-et . 
  when americans say it british people only hear `` ahkward '' anyway . 
  as these vowels have merged into one sound , see the caught-cot merger for more info . 
  also the stress is on the first syllable . 
  so really it should be mis-chi-vus . 
  mis-chee-vus is almost as bad . 
  ca n't believe i have n't seen these but :, 
  graham - it 's gray-um not graaam, 
  craig - it 's crayg not creg, 
  for ages i thought the fat guy in malcolm in the middle was called greg , then i realised they were trying to say craig . 
  i 've written a long [ explanation of why it occurs ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/4wfgbt/what_mispronounced_word_annoys_you_the_most/d67y6sv ) here . 
  ironically it 's precisely because we do n't pronounce the post-vocalic - r that it is eligible to be used as a linking sound . 
  just as you probably do with - w and - y. 
  for example , when you say the word `` cow '' , even though the - w does affect how the word is said , a true - w consonant sound is not used . 
  this means that when most people say `` there 's a cow on the hill '' then `` cow on '' sound more like `` cow won '' instead of `` cow [ pause ] on '' . 
  a sneaky - w consonant appears simply to ease the flow of speech . 
  now if you spoke a language or dialect where - w was pronounced at the end of words somehow , you 'd find the way english speakers say `` cow on '' very confusing , you 'd be asking yourself where this - w sound was coming from when it 's not normally pronounced in the word `` cow '' in isolation . 
  this does n't even need to require an actual written - w to be there . 
  as in `` tau on '' could become `` tau won '' just to make the speech smoother . 
  this is similar to what 's going on with the letter - r amongst speakers of dialects in which word final - r is not pronounced with a true consonant , but merely affects the way the preceding vowel is pronounced e.g car = cah . 
  english is full of sounds used to link words together , most of these are ubiquitous amongst virtually all dialects , the use of - r as a linking sound is a division that splits the english speaking world . 
  if english did n't have all these linking sounds it would probably sound a lot harsher and more germanic . 
  united kingdom - northern ireland = great britain, 
  great britain - scotland = united kingdom of england and wales, 
  united kingdom of england and wales - wales = kingdom of england, 
  i do n't really think we can call ourselves `` britain '' with just wales and england , great britain refers to being the larger british isle ( ireland being lesser britain according to the romans ) . 
  no doubt logic will be thrown out of the window if we do break up though . 
  that said , there 's also an argument for england + wales to not being a `` united kingdom '' at all , since wales was historically considered a province of england , and was only bumped up to `` country '' status on par with scotland and n.ireland in relatively recent history . 
  it 's just the television industry that 's way behind , but rather the system of laws in each country and how they operate . 
  there is no international framework for entertainment rights , and there can not be unless every country agrees to hand over power to some kind of supranational body that would operate within every country . 
  the internet , as a platform for international products , does n't really fit the definitions that we 've been adhering to for hundreds of years , and governments are n't keen to lose their ability to control things within their borders . 
  an american company buys the rights to something only within the united states , if someone from the netherlands then watches it then that us company is in breach of dutch intellectual property rights . 
  this is why they have to block it because they ca n't be seen to facilitating the infringement of dutch law . 
  if the us company sometimes does business in holland , for example , selling intellectual property to dutch companies , and wants to keep doing so unimpaired , they have to play by their rules . 
  could it be that the most successful youtuber ever is actually a much more intelligent and reasonable person that people give him credit for ? 
  i agree some of his content is obnoxious , but his average viewer is about 11 years old , he 's just playing to his market , and i definitely agree some of the more recent stuff has actually been pretty spot on and interesting . 
  really not that different from how it 's prepared in a large scale western indian restaurant . 
  if you think your curry is prepared individually anywhere with a decent number of customers you 're in the wrong . 
  that chicken vindaloo you ordered came out the same giant pot as everyone else 's that evening . 
  this video would be even better with a voice over from someone who knew about curry explaining what was going on . 
  i think it 's great britain because it 's the larger british isle , but i think brittany also has something to do with it . 
  you 'd have to ask someone who knew their shit . 
  why would a voice over impair the display of ingredients ? 
  it would only affect the audio , which is mostly just cooking sounds , and the little dialogue there is in a language most viewers wo n't understand . 
  sadly the clothing charity trade to africa is actually really scummy . 
  a lot of the best clothes actually make their way to the poorer parts of russia and the balkans for resale because it 's more profitable than the africa market . 
  what does get to africa is often then sold as you say , and never makes it to the hands of the countries poorest communities . 
  imo it 's much more obvious what 's going on on primitive technology , it does n't really need much explanation . 
  whereas here i 'd like to know more about the techniques they 're using . 
  yeah , i meant principality not province . 
  wales used to be a principality . 
  sadly it just did n't quite hit the target market the way it wanted to . 
  i think it was genius , and i 'm desperate for a 3rd series , but i doubt that will ever happen now , it 's been too long and the actors have all moved on with their careers a lot . 
  i think the problem was that it was quite strange and unusual . 
  audiences reacted extremely positively within certain demographics but negatively within others . 
  it had a cult tv show success pattern , actually finding a larger audience not until a while after it was first aired . 
  i 'll also add i reckon they trouble syndicating it in other countries due to the sensitive content that it had in it . 
  school shootings , government aggression played off as terrorism , scenes of torture and so on . 
  it 's a shame , because i think if it were made by netflix or someone now then it would be a huge hit . 
  online streaming services are a prevalent medium for people who like this kind of content . 
  that 's all i 'm hoping for now really , that some big company like netflix buys it and thinks it worth rebooting . 
  plenty of countries do n't tax gambling wins . 
  the argument is that if they did they 'd have to give people tax relief on their losses to be fair , which would encourage people who pay high amounts of tax to gamble since they could claim it against taxes . 
  yes , that 's why i did n't say it would make it profitable for high earners to gamble their money away . 
  my point was merely that it would make it cheaper to gamble if you could claim it against tax , and the government does n't want to make it cheaper to gamble . 
  if i 'm a sole trader who earns $ 100,000 annual profit from my business , and i have to pay 40 % flat tax , for every $ 1000 gambling i do n't actually lose $ 1000 because it saves me the percentage offset against tax , i can lose $ 1000 and really only lose $ 600 , which may make you more inclined to do it . 
  this could make gambling seem more appealing to people , which the government does n't want . 
  if you tax people gambling income , you are acknowledging it as a legitimate earning , so how can you then say that losses do n't work the other way . 
  if you 're going to tax me on my $ 1000 win , as if my income was now higher , then you let me claim my income to be only $ 99,000 if i lose $ 1000 in poker . 
  i understand perfectly , you simply do n't see what i meant . 
  i was n't suggesting it would make it profitable to lose money gambling . 
  it was merely stating the obvious fact that you can reduce your tax burden through gambling loss , while the loss will always exceed the amount of tax you avoid , it makes the losses less harsh for people with a high tax burden , which could encourage gambling . 
  even though it will not make it worthwhile in the sense of being profitable , it would insulate the gamblers from a degree of loss , reducing their degree of risk , which in turn could make more people inclined to gamble more often and larger amounts . 
  if i can risk $ 1000 , but know that if i lose then in real terms i 'll only lose $ 700 because of the $ 300 saved from the taxman , then i 'll be more inclined to make that bet . 
  a lot of gamblers see themselves as buying the enjoyment of gambling , even if inevitably they lose money , whatever they lost over the course of the night was the price of the experience . 
  when that cost is tax deductible that experience becomes cheaper for tax payers , especially those with high incomes and therefore high tax burdens . 
  let 's not forget to look at it from the government 's perspective , they 'd much rather you actually just paid tax than let the money disappear into a casino or bookies , they 're probably seeing a larger share of that $ 1000 if that money is part of your declared personal income than what they 'll see if it goes on the books of gambling companies like casino 's and bookies . 
  if we think more numerically about it , since the house always wins , and very few gamblers turn a profit , the government would probably lose more tax revenue from the losers ' decreased tax burden than they would taxing the winners ' profits . 
  the solution i believe in many countries is to have a limit to the amount of gambling losses that can be claimed against incomes annually . 
  up to a $ 5000 loss might be tax deductible but after that you 're on your own and if you 've lost all your money well tough shit . 
  however , a system such as this still gives people with a high tax burden a few thousand dollar discount on losses in a casino annually , which as i said , could make gambling seem less unappealing , leading to more gambling and possibly decreased tax revenue if the allowance is too high . 
  i 'm sorry you 're wrong . 
  firstly , when you lose a $ 1000 dollars in a casino the government is going to probably see considerably less of that than had you declared it as part of your annual income ( assuming you 're not a low earner ) . 
  yes the casino does pay tax on its profits . 
  yes some of its money goes out as payroll and is then taxed as income tax , but a smaller % of the $ 1000 will be taxed in the long run . 
  a casino is a business , normally businesses increase expenditure as their revenue rises , that money is spent in a way that ensures it is reinvested in the company , it becomes equity rather than profit , share holders are happy because their shares rise in value . 
  some money may be paid out as dividends and then taxed again , but a considerably lower rate than incomes tax ( because investment needs to be encouraged ) . 
  why do you think the highest earners do everything to avoid salary and prefer receiving equity ?
