  every human being alive speaks in their only entirely unique idiolect . 
  even twins that have never been apart have some degree of linguistic divergence , even if it 's very small , they 'll be prone to preferring different words or constructions over a large enough sample . 
  this is how you have to see language . 
  everyone is using their own unique manner of speech , and within certain parameters of convergence you get mutual intelligibility . 
  while we have these very broad culturally defined classes known as `` languages '' that suggest at all members of that group an intelligible to one another , it 's also a spectrum . 
  speakers of a certain dialect , such as arkansas dialect , are n't as intelligible to speakers of new york dialect as other speakers of that dialects , despite both falling into the american english class . 
  similarly , speakers of belfast dialect of hiberno-english are less intelligible to speakers of the south west australian dialect of australian english , despite both falling into the english class . 
  this made even more complicated by the fact that different dialects are defined not only by geography but also by other social factors , such as class , wealth , education , and ethnicity . 
  even defining a dialect is a hard job , because it 's difficult to see when one dialect ends and when one begins . 
  if the people in north london speak slightly differently from those in south london , but still have most features in common , are they different dialects ? 
  if this neighbourhood speaks slightly different from the neighbourhood one miles down the road are the different dialects ? 
  linguists try to look for defining trends . 
  they often see quicker divergence when cultural shift occurs e.g the welsh border , but it 's still a continuum , just one that has been made more pronounced by cultural factors . 
  dialect change is obvious on a large scale , e.g when you cross a national or regional border , but you can also get dialect change on a much smaller scale e.g a river or motorway running through a city . 
  to make things even more difficult , people have the annoying habit of both moving around , experiencing an unverifiable mish mash of linguistic influences , and even getting linguistic influence not just real human beings , but also from media with very few geographical constraints . 
  nobody really speaks any standardised form of the language . 
  the definition of a dialects is always an abstract representation that classes speakers together within a spectrum with some degree of tolerance . 
  make it too precise and it ceases to meaningfully class speakers together according to perceivable distinctions . 
  standard american english , like any other national standards , is just that , an abstraction , a catch-all term for a set of dialects that fall on a spectrum . 
  it 's also worth noting that not only is there variance within this spectrum , but that there are also competing definitions of that standard with difference levels of tolerance . 
  now what you want to know is whether someone can reliably tell whether their own dialect falls on that spectrum . 
  the answer is that it really depends on that person 's knowledge of the definitions of that dialect , their ability to make phonetic assessments , and the objectivity with which they are able to approach analysing their own voice . 
  if they have these capacities then sure they can assess their own idiolect and gain an understanding of whether it falls on the `` standard american spectrum '' . 
  what you 're friend was most likely pointing out that most people who do n't take an interest in linguistics or phonology have a strong cognitive bias towards hearing their own way of speaking as `` standard '' while seeing features they do n't use , and are n't typically present in the models of speech they perceive to be standard , as distinctively `` non-standard '' . 
  i 've done quite a bit of work on the british rp dialect , and from assessing my own speech i would simply say that it falls on the `` rp spectrum '' , but never that it was a textbook example of it . 
  there are a few regional idiosyncrasies thrown in there , especially when i 'm talking to friends and i 'm relaxed , or when i go back to my hometown and hear the local dialect . 
  everyone is like this , it 's just some people reflect the textbook examples more closely than others , but would still be classed in the same class of speakers . 
   since no counterpart unmarked accent seems to exist in england . 
  this is not really true in some regards , it really depends what you mean by `` unmarked '' . 
  there 's no such thing as a phonetically `` unmarked '' accent . 
  the property you 're ascribing to it , `` unmarkedness '' is solely the product of culture and nothing to do with its actual linguistic properties . 
  britain has an accent that is perceived in many ways as `` non-regional '' , and thus `` unmarked '' , which is rp english , however it has a strong social class association instead and thus the percentage of speakers in that dialect class relative to the class `` british english speakers '' is smaller than percentage of `` general american '' relative to `` american english . 
  because `` unmarkedness '' is cultural , and not an objective definition in any respect , it 's likely that it 's perceived differently geographically . 
  for example , people in california might perceive their own newsreaders as speaking standard american , but people in new york might think they have a slight accent and that the newreaders in new york more closely resemble standard american . 
  without using phonetics to attempt an objective definition the question is entirely subjective . 
  i 'm being hyperbolic to illustrate why some people do n't like esperanto , i 've already acknowledged that esperanto , having a linguistic community behind it these days , is of some interest to the study of linguistics . 
  you have to acknowledge it 's still a very different beast from historical natural languages and it kind of a anomaly compared to most of what linguistics is interest in . 
  there 's a big difference between a community of speakers naturally reviving their language and a artificial language that someone invented in their bedroom . 
  i 'm really just trying to get across the point that might explain why some linguists are hostile to conlangs . 
  language is generated by communities and not individuals , if it then gets taken up by a community it can be of some interest that is true , but it 's not the focus of linguistic study . 
  except it 's really not in britain 's interest to implement a system like that , because we actually need all kinds of labour and not just highly skilled people . 
  except it was n't the eu immigration . 
  it was our own government 's failure to force industry to maintain high standards thus making immigrant workers lower standards exploitable in the first place . 
  the reason eu migration has blown up in the uk is because we combined it with a trend of deregulation and a completely laissez faire approach to the social and cultural welfare of more deprived regions . 
  the many other countries in the eu have built regulatory systems to protect them from the possible problems that could arise from freedom of movement and thus avoided social conflict and political dissatisfaction . 
  the germans do it constantly . 
  if they have a problem with the eu law they adapt their system internally . 
  for example , if too many low paid workers are flooding an industry and pushing out voting nationals they put up the educational requirements to act as a barrier to easy overseas hiring practices . 
  it does n't stop the migrants from coming it makes sure that corners ca n't be cut and standards are kept up . 
  in retrospect , the uk government chose to allow migration from eastern europe sooner than the rest of the eu , chose to deregulate while this was happening to make a quick buck , and chose to not lift a finger to change internal policy to counterbalance eu policies that might have affected poorer workers . 
  it 's almost like the uk flung itself to the eu so absolutely in the hope that it would blow up in their faces 10 years down the line . 
  yeah people who play slots are delusional . 
  you might as well just put your money in a bank account with negative interest if you 're going to do that . 
  poker on the other hand , if you 're decent and play low stakes across a lot matches , can actually be pretty affordable , as even on a horrible losing streak you still only lose money slowly . 
  yeah , you can be a loser in poker and still have fun responsibly , getting enough enjoyment from the game to justify the loss . 
  you do still have to be strict with yourself though and keep track of what your hobby is costing you , else you 'll fall down the same hole as the slots players . 
  no , i 'm saying that different situations exist in other countries , and what is right for one country is n't always right for another country . 
  if we only needed high earners it would be right for us to have a policy only allowing educated high earners in . 
  in reality the uk needs low skill workers too , and it also needs breeders . 
  a high number educated people wo n't necessary give us that . 
  except all of britain 's problems with the one size fits all eu model could easily be solved with an internal restructuring of british labour situation . 
  i live in germany , and they have freedom of movement , and that 's what they 've done and it works because works do n't feel as if their jobs are always only moments away of being given to a foreigner whose just arrived and willing to work for pittance . 
  if things like job security , education based industrial regulation and hiring policies , and industry standards were still a thing in the uk , and if the uk actually bothered to enforce eu law on eu migrants , then people would n't think their job was always at risk . 
  britain actually benefits from eu migration . 
  however , britain has failed horribly in managing the negative impacts of globalism , and trying to shut it out is going to harm britain even more while other countries manage to effectively manage it and reap the benefits economically and culturally . 
  we are not singapore , we are not the new frontier , we are not in a period of pan-continental economic growth . 
  we are not america with 320 million people and a seemingly endless source of cheap labour to the south . 
  we are no japan with its heavily mono-cultural collectivist society . 
  we 're britain , we 're in europe , and honestly we 'd do much better to stay in the eu and work on the problems that led to brexit than bail out and double down on stupidity . 
  i 'm not from the `` london bubble '' and yeah the last british town i lived in had loads of polski skleps , but guess what , it was n't fucked at all . 
  it was a bit shit with lots of white working class unemployment before freedom of movement , and it was the same afterwards too , the only difference is that lots of business was doing well because they had better labour access . 
  white working class deprivation stayed the same or improved . 
  the only difference was that the poor white working class community now had something to blame despite overall economic prosperity growing . 
   the average central european does n't speak german , but they probably speak some english . 
  the beurocracy to `` anmelden '' and file your `` steuererkl\u00e4rung '' - all in german , are hurdles to central european worker migration into germany . 
  in addition , most poles still have negative sentiment towards germany . 
  this is a non-argument , as despite this germany takes more eu labour than britain does, 
  you can find the answer [ here ] ( http://www.migrationobservatory.ox.ac.uk/resources/briefings/eu-migrants-in-other-eu-countries-an-analysis-of-bilateral-migrant-stocks/ ), 
  germany has 3.7 million eu migrants . 
  britain has 2.2 million . 
  even account for the fact that germany has approximately 17 million more people that 's still more . 
  edit : noticed that data is quite old , ca n't find much but i 'm pretty sure germany still takes more . 
  it 's not an error it 's 2010 data vs 2015 data . 
  from the german press , twice as many eu migrants came to germany as britain in 2015 , and has figures putting the tota for germany at 4.1 million while putting the uk as 3.1 million . 
  germany does n't have that support right now , and what little there is is focussed in the east . 
  germany will continue to play smart and pay lip service to the eu will using it 's domestic political freedom to structure society such that the people who matter i.e. 
  voting german born citizens , get a situation they feel is in their interest . 
  damn i wish i had more backstory . 
  pink shirt guy achieved an almost john cleese level of absurd . 
  swear they 're putting something in the water in the uk these days . 
  edit : oh shit this guy a bbc director on blue planet who works with david attenborough , this is going to get some backlash . 
   y' all end everything, 
  is that meant to be ironic or something ? 
  honestly i do n't know anymore . 
  many british english dialects use - r as a linking sound in the same way that a huge number of english dialects around the world use - w and - y ( like ) sounds to link words . 
  `` so are '' can sound like so-warr , in many dialect . 
  `` india is '' can sound india-ris , in many british dialects . 
  which sound is used is dictated by the relative mouth positions of the vowels that are being linked together . 
  non-rhotic accent that do n't use a rhotic consonant at the end words with word final - r are n't `` looking '' for this sound when they hear people speak english . 
  just like - w and - y for more english speakers , their brains are programmed to assume it 's word final value to be null .
