  you 're really exaggerating the difference between these two words . 
  absolutely = `` in the completest sense of the term '' whereas literally = `` in the most basic sense without metaphor or exaggeration '' . 
  it 's utterly ridiculous in many ways to use either terms to intensify a metaphorical statement , yet with `` absolutely '' it 's consider normal , while people have a big bitch about `` literally '' being used this way because they did n't grow up with it and therefore think it to be some terrible perversion of language , just as all the generations before them thought the younger generation was terribly perverting the meaning of language . 
  it 's a really a double standard to think `` absolutely '' to be fine , but think `` literally '' to be awful . 
  the reality is that everyone hates changes in how language is used once they pass a certain ages because it makes them feel out of touch and like the world is changing , which is scary . 
  the reality is that you have a psychological bias to think of `` absolutely '' to be fine with metaphorical or hyperbolic statements , because you grew up with people using english that way , and a psychological bias to hate `` literally '' to be used that way because it 's a relatively new evolution of the english language . 
  even if it is wrong , ( which i 'm not even sure it is , where 's your source ? ), 
  it 's certainly not wrong about the bulk of northern and western europe . 
  i do n't know if i 'd risk it in southern europe and poland , but the rest of the map is correct , and those countries alone make up over half of inner europe 's population ( excluding transcontinental nations ) . 
  uk , ireland , france , germany , austria , switzerland , belgium , netherlands , denmark , sweden , finland , iceland , all have safe tap water . 
  your statement that europe does n't have safe tap water is indefensible . 
  a large portion of europe has far cleaner tap water than you have in the us . 
  this reddit thread shows even more countries to have safe to drink tap water . 
  you 're really talking shit here matie . 
  how is it wrong ? 
  reality is that in half of europe you 'll be drinking cleaner and safer water than you could ever dream of in the us outside of mountainous region with glaciers . 
  you guys have lax as fuck safety standards too so if anything you 're the one giving people the shits . 
  i 'm sorry that the us has just a hard time keeping up to our standards of living but we 're not bogged down but legions of rednecks . 
  both britain and germany deregulate their labour markets to improve employment figures . 
  both countries currently function under the eu working time direction , so there are limitations to what they can alter , as things like holiday time are mandated . 
  the uk government does n't even pretend to give a shit and allows all sorts of stuff , like zero hour contracts . 
  it 's deregulation is more evenly spread and it hits established workers as well as casual and low skill workers , nevertheless , contract law is such that the very valuable can negotiate better terms . 
  germany operate a somewhat unfortunate two tier system whereby established workers with unlimited contracts benefits from a high degree of protections ( although often many of these protections are union based ) , but in recent years has increasingly deregulated their part time and free lance labour markets , as well as having a tax free mini-job system . 
  this makes it a two tier system , with permanently contracted workers as first class workers , and temporarily contracted , freelance , self-employed , and mini-jobs as second class workers who are n't afforded the generous protections of german labour law . 
  i 've worked in both countries and both are playing funny games to make their economic figures appear better than they are . 
  deregulated labour markets always improve figures . 
  yeah , i was laughing when he said `` it was flown by a couple of other countries '' . 
  it 's literally a plane that originated in britain . 
  i think you need to distinguish between lexical aspect and grammatical aspect . 
  afaik `` simple '' is a grammatical aspect denotation . 
  it means that this tense construction or tense can express multiple aspects depending on context . 
  lexical aspect is to do with the temporal nature of the thing being discussed and does n't always coincide with grammatical aspect . 
  i 'm not 100 % though . 
  maybe ask / r/linguistics, 
  wow terrifying, 
  if anyone is curious, 
  it 's utterly irrelevant . 
  america eats a lot of pizza therefore pizza is american right ? 
  seriously , it 's a uniquely american trait to be able to accredit yourself the accomplishments of other nations without even a second thought . 
  i 'm sorry , but making a video about the harrier without mentioning where it came from is like doing a piece of bmw and saying `` some other countries drive bmws '' . 
  it 's so typically american to avoid it , mention of a foreign nation and the viewers switch off , so let 's not even talk about it . 
  does n't need to be a comprehensive history of the harrier , but making a statement like `` some other countries flew the harrier '' , when it 's a british plane , is patently evasive . 
  when any other segment would 've stated where the plane hailed from , this skirted around the issue , despite the raf markings on the plane and the fact he bought it in the uk . 
  there 's nothing half baked about my analogies at all . 
  it 's a simple fact that americans have some kinda of weird cultural habit of trying to appropriate anything remotely remarkable into their own culture . 
  every great mind that ever set foot in the country becomes a `` great american '' , and even planes you buy a lot of cease to be foreign planes . 
  you guys are the ones with the fragile national egos as statements like `` the harrier is a british plane '' get whittled down to `` some other countries flew the harrier '' . 
  as if the taint of foreign would somehow diminish something . 
   it is a substantially american plane . 
  no , it 's not at all . 
  no more than the b 52 is a british plane . 
  i 'll also add that this is the british aerospace harrier , that 's why he had to go to the uk to buy it , definitely was n't built in the saint louis , missouri . 
  furthermore , just because a model gets produced overseas does n't mean that it suddenly belongs to that country , that 's the typically american need to accredit itself with anything it thinks worthwhile . 
  it 's how you build your national fantasy narrative and keep the idiots voting for patriotic capitalists ; exclude and diminish the involvement of other nations in your own accomplishments , include and exaggerate the involvement of america in joint accomplishments to the point of appropriating them as your own for even the most minor of relations . 
  shelter an old jewish scientist for a few years after ww2 ? 
  american scientist !, 
  participate in coalition force ? 
  american victory !, 
  it 's american history 101 . 
  why do n't we add some more dumb statements . 
   the cadillac is a iconic chinese vehicle, 
   boeing is an iconic british company, 
   the mig is an iconic brazilian fighter jet, 
  any historian worth their salt would tell you otherwise . 
  the idea that you can keep an entire population in check by force of arms alone is an nra fantasy . 
  by being both ruthless and somewhat generous ( although let 's not get to crazy ) , you inspire both fear and loyalty , and it 's how all leaders have held their power through the centuries . 
  i think fifth element managed to pull of a very iconic kitsch comic book style , would n't say that 's the same as being cheesy and childish . 
  i think valerian went for a similar type of style , but did n't succeed in selling it well . 
  honestly , before i saw this video i had assumed from the trailers that it was some disney sci-fi bullshit like tomorrowland . 
  depends what you think cheesy means . 
  to me , cheesy has a negative connotation . 
  it 'd call it kitsch or camp , which has a similar meaning but without the negative connotation . 
  first off this is a sea harrier fa .2 , not a us produced plane . 
  the british permitted the us to produce some harriers with its design leading to some american produced variations , but this is not one of them . 
  but even if it were my analogies would stand . 
  the harrier is an iconic british aircraft , and the aarp just managed to make a long video about one without ever even acknowledging that fact , but did manage to associate it with the us navy seals , even going as far to call an `` iconic navy seals aircraft '' . 
  producing a model of craft that another nation designed does not make it american , no more than the production of a b-52 in the uk makes it british . 
  your need to dig your american revisionist claws into everything and americanise it is appalling , evidenced by the fact that you 're still arguing that the harrier is in some sense an american aircraft . 
  we do not go on where things are manufactured , we do not go on where funding came from , we gone on where it was designed . 
  the us has plenty of aircraft , why the fuck you gota go trying to claim those the come from elsewhere ? 
  is it not enough to have the most of the iconic aircraft of recent decades , now you 've got to have them all ? 
   it is absolutely justified that we treat the harrier airframe as having a substantially american identity . 
  no it 's not , and if you believe that you 're just subject to the logic of american revisionist culture that tries to pretend that the us is the fountain of all goodness . 
   since you seem to understand the world almost entirely through analogies , let me make an analogy of my own . 
  if someone makes a post in / r/food about a delicious hawaiian pizza they ate , do you see a bunch of butt-hurt italians storm the thread , demanding to know why op did n't acknowledge that pizza originated in italy , not hawaii ? 
  no , but guess what , when you see people on / r/food suggesting that the food `` pizza '' belongs to america , then you do get a long chain or italians ( and other nationalities ) , getting annoyed with that person . 
  ( it 's also disingenuous to compare the recipe for a pizza with the development multi-million pound aircraft ) . 
  as i said , we go on origins , not where it was later produced , or who flew it , or who contributed money . 
  i think you know deep down that is a fair system for accrediting nations with the fruits of their labour . 
  for americans it 's almost like it 's painful for you to acknowledge anything good was n't from america . 
  your media screams its head off about anything cool or good that comes from america , and selectively omits to mention it when it 's not , giving the average disinterested american the impression that you 're the centre of the fucking universe . 
  ergh , just stop it , i bet if the shoe were on the other foot i 'd be inundated with responses telling me that something is american . 
  jesus man , stop being that one upping small penis arsehole and let the uk have this one man . 
  it does n't have an `` american identity '' in anything asides being flown and manufactured in the us as well . 
  bmws are driven and manufactured in the us too , does n't give them a us identity . 
  harrier is a british aircraft . 
  i might as well start calling the nuclear bomb a british development because britain contributed substantially to the manhattan project . 
  you ca n't even deny that the average american has severely greater ignorance about other nations compared to much of the developed world , maybe if you knocked off this selective omission then you would n't have that problem . 
  edit : also `` pizza '' and `` pizza recipe '' are not synonymous . 
  nobody would deny that `` hawaiian '' is an american `` pizza recipe '' , because it spontaneously came to exist in the us .
