  firstly there are no more inheritable government positions , those were done away with a while back . 
  all there are are people who inherited their title who still sit in the house of lords , and when they die there wo n't be any more . 
  i see no problem with this either . 
  the house of lord effectively has no power , all they have the power to do is raise problems with the acts that parliament want to pass and send them back for re-evaluation . 
  if the elected house of commons does n't agree with their quibbling then they can pass the law regardless of what the house of lords think . 
  all the lords really are is an advisory council to parliament who use their experience as highly successful or important people , to give parliament feedback . 
  judges , industry leaders , bishops , these kinds of people are typically appointed to be lords , and none of them are elected . 
  what 's ironic that the house of lords tends to go some very good work , delaying controversial or unpopular legislation , and in many ways their thoughts reflect the public opinion far more than the elected representatives in the house of commons . 
  as for titles , they mean absolutely nothing these days , they 're just something you are legally entitled to put in front of your name , but it does n't have any bearing on your rights . 
  so who cares if a few people go around calling themselves marquess or whatever . 
  your understanding of these things just seems like the typical hollywood derived attitude to these thing , which assumes they must be inherently corrupt or unfair , just because they represent the past , but ultimately constitutional monarchy has been proved to be an effective and fair form of government , and just because a few people have titles does n't mean they get the special privilege they were afforded in the past . 
  i enjoyed the werner herzog voice . 
  of course you would , if only to take out their own nuclear capabilities . 
  meanwhile all the major cities in the us and europe would be craters . 
  lol you know nothing about this do you . 
  russia has thousands of nukes and the the ability to fire them almost anywhere in the world . 
  there is no reliable anti missile system that can reliably protect a whole country from a mass nuke attack . 
  even with single shots rocket defence systems only work less than 50 % of the time , rockets are simply too fast . 
  now a barrage of hundreds of nukes all heading for different destinations around europe and the us ? 
  expect the intercept rate to be less than 30 % . 
  a bit of googling will confirm this , it 's amazing how arrogant you are to believe that we have the capabilities to intercept nukes so easily , if we had that then the nuclear deterrent would n't be a thing . 
  i do n't think you realise that the monarch does n't really have those powers , if they tried to exercise them then they 'd be laughed at and the rules would be changed . 
  it 's like finding a law saying you can find shoot a welshman found within the city boundaries after sunset . 
  if you actually tried to apply the law it would be ignored . 
  hating monarchy and nobility in any form whatsoever as if their inherently evil is just childish hollywood mel gibson inspired thinking . 
  there 's nothing about monarchs that is like slavery . 
  there were good kings and bad ones , and they ruled at a time where every advanced country in the world had some form of monarchy and was under feudalism . 
  democracy , in its modern form , is a relatively new idea in the scheme of things , and saying that feudalism or a monarch is inherently bad and we should destroy all remnant of them in our new democratic society is no different to what the communists did after the fall of the tsar . 
  calling it `` disgusting '' is just some kind of weird historical revisionism . 
   maybe i 'm the only one that does n't like that a reminder of the worst times in history for the working class ( pretty much all of it until recently in history ) . 
  but again , this is a subjective point . 
  so we should erase all things from about pre-1920 ? 
  because the working classes lived in complete squalor up until then . 
  erasing history is just stupid . 
  high school is n't a term that 's used as frequently outside of the us , so by high school he 's asking if this was what american school was like back in the day . 
  as someone who went to school in the 90s , the thing i remember was the rampant homophobia , calling everything bad gay , i feel sorry for any of the kids that were actually gay back then . 
  if anyone had been openly gay i think people would n't have known how to react . 
  a teacher got outed as a lesbian by her husband and it was the talk of the whole school community for months . 
  also the sheer level of try hard edginess that was the norm in those days . 
  i think the prevalence of the internet has really changed the way people relate to culture , there seemed to be a lot of cultural cliques in those days , a simple thing like your taste in music meant a lot , wearing a band hoody was a statement . 
  it showed that you were in the loop enough to know about these things , whereas the unpopular kids were n't part of the scene . 
  now that information about any music or subculture thing is just a google away knowing about this or that music scene or the culture around it does n't have the same significance . 
  back then , the least where i was , the least cool thing you could do is dress normally like an adult , you had to be different and have piercings or make some kind of statement with your fashion , which would define which type of person you were , be it punk or whatever else . 
  nowadays i see the teenagers all wearing mainstream fashionable regular clothing , and it 's the nerdier more outcast ones that dress in a way that would 've been the height of cool in the 90s . 
  interesting how things change . 
  i do n't really understand how t-mobile would be considered ghetto ? 
  also are really so few carriers in the us ? 
  most countries seem to have at least a dozen . 
  fair enough . 
  schools in the uk go 5-7 , 7-11 , 11-16 , then you go into optional education or an apprenticeship between 16-18 , but that 's typically not very school like , so there 's no real equivalent . 
  land of the free !, 
  i 'm not hearing it in the word forever , only [ f\u0254\u0279\u025bv\u0259 ] . 
  does sound a bit like they 're trying to sound a bit american though . 
  do n't think it 's really rhotic though . 
  perhaps a little bit on the world `` your '' . 
  sounds to me almost like they 're saying [ y\u025c\u02d0\u0279 ] or [ y\u028a\u0259\u0279 ] , which i imagine is an affectation . 
  for me the break was at the start of wotlk . 
  i know a lot of people liked this expansion , and i 'm not saying it was bad , from what i hear it added some good content and was a lot of fun . 
  however the big change for me was the introduction of heroic mode raids . 
  this totally changed the character of the game for me . 
  i used to raid but now the whole progress race thing felt empty and i know a lot of the old school vanilla through to bc raiders quit at this point or went casual . 
  i guess seeing the content sooner than most players was a big motivation and reward for being a raider . 
  i did n't care about loot ( it was just a tool to increase progress ) nor did i care about too much about the prestige of saying , i 've done this really hard task . 
  it was all about the epic feel of being a member of a small group who 'd got this far and seen these parts of the game . 
  it was this sense of being a band of warriors who 'd ventured deeper than anyone else that really gave the raids their epic feel , and created a sense of the world having meaning . 
  i remember having this overwhelming sense of excitement and fear whenever i entered a new tier of raiding , knowing that this is the weakest we 'd call collectively be while doing this tier ( due to not having any loot from that tier yet ) , and worrying in the back of my mind `` will this be the tier that defeats our guild ? '', 
  ( turned out sunwell was that tier for my guild but that 's a story in itself ) . 
  doing heroic mode is just basically doing something you 've done before but with the difficult turned up , we could have achieved the almost the same thing without heroic modes by limiting our item level . 
  starting a heroic mode boss has nothing like the same vibe , it 's like `` yay i get to do all the bosses i just killed again but now they 'll be more challenging '', 
  i know that there were problems with more casual guilds not being able to see some content , but i felt like welfare epics did a pretty good job of helping more casual guilds , for example , magister 's terrace , later season arena loot , improved badge of justice gear , even za made it easier for guilds who wanted to see content but could n't field so many raids to get into t5 and t6 . 
  i had no problem with casual players seeing the more hardcore content , but imo they should have been seeing it 6 months behind the better more dedicated guilds . 
  fact is , casual guilds did n't miss out on much content back then because they were badly geared , they did so because they were idiots incapable of working together . 
  making the content super easy was blizzard 's answer to this , as lfr demonstrates , you do n't need to work as a team effectively to clear this content . 
  however , removing this element of the game totally destroys the game , because the point of wow was that it was a team game that required the cooperation of large groups of people . 
  how would lol players feel if they tried to remove the teamwork elements from that game and had modes where everyone could just solo in their own lane and it would n't make any difference ? 
  i actually came back during cata and really enjoyed that expansion , but that was because i only played pvp after wotlk release . 
  i enjoyed doing nothing but rated bg and arena . 
  for me , the pvp side of the game seemed to survive . 
  it was , however , panda , and the class and talents overall that killed pvp for me . 
  i thought pvp was fine in cata because up until panda blizzard had been steadily adding more and more abilities to the classes , which was actually fine for me , i enjoyed adapting my play style during these expansions . 
  however , when panda came along it took so much away that was good i just gave up on wow completely , even as a relatively casual pvper . 
  so ultimately the turning points for me were wotlk for pve , and panda for pvp . 
  while i was n't happy with many of the changes of wotlk and cata , the game still had some fun to be had , but after panda came out i realised that nothing of the game i once loved remained and that there was no point to me subbing . 
  i felt the same way about heroic mode raids in the first place , never mind the difficulty settings , it was wotlk that killed pve for me . 
  haha , i do n't know about those trends . 
  when i was much younger the trends were really stupid . 
  like yo-yos or whatever , but that was when i was like 5-12 years old . 
  i think everyone just copied everyone else back then . 
  like all that would happen is that a company would run a successful tv ad , and then the next week if 3 kid turned up with yoyos because of the ad then by the end of the week 90 % of the school . 
  3 weeks later they 'd be forgotten about . 
  however as a teenager i remember these things were much more serious business . 
  like belonging to a group , were you into skateboarding or football , did you like rock or were you into dance music and/or hip-hop . 
  if you like rock what do you like metal , punk , emo ? 
  if you like dance do you like techno or drum n bass ? 
  how you answered these questions was really important to us , and if you could n't answer all the right questions or know all the right things you were a fake who 'd be mocked and outcast , however , if you could you were automatically one of us . 
  for example , i remember being really into punk rock in like 2001 , and just a simple question like `` who are your favourite bands ? '', 
  was heavily loaded . 
  if someone said `` i like punk rock , my favourite bands are blink 182 and the offspring '' it was like gtfo you phoney . 
  the correct answer was stuff like fenix tx or yellowcard or whatever other stuff that was cool and underground at the time . 
  i mean we would get the train like 15 miles into the big city nearby just to go to a specific independent record store , it was the kind of place you talked about in hush tones with people who you thought were cool enough to know about it .
