  if you 'd ever seen the film you 'd know that the planet earth is meant to be under one government , and has a form of democracy that requires military service . 
  you 've basically just tried to nitpick what i said in the most fucking hilarious and inept way imaginable . 
  i also find it terrifying that there 's people who think that there is no chance of concept like fascism and imperialism ever becoming a reality in the future , you must 've been home schooled . 
  none of my points are wrong , most of yours are . 
  but that does n't matter . 
  if do n't want people to give you shit , do n't act like a condescending prick . 
  a `` an outdated form of social-order and economics called `` fascism '' . 
  '' , do you think any twelve year old does n't know what fascism is . 
  i live in germany for fuck 's sake . 
  i probably know more about fascism than you . 
  it 's also extremely arrogant to call fascism and imperialism outdated . 
  maybe the precise forms they existed in in the past are , but the general concepts are human nature . 
  it 's only through immense efforts and a huge legacy of suffering that they are not still the natural order of things . 
  what you said was massively offensive to the very concept modern western society is built upon . 
  i do n't care about all the points your factually incorrect . 
  like the way you think starship troopers was about fascism , when in fact it 's about globalism , authoritarianism , the exportation of american culture , and the military industrial complex . 
  if that was your point we could have a civil discussion . 
  however when you make make offensive statements in a patronising tone , what the fuck do you expect ? 
  you 're the one who needs to stop talking pal . 
  you clearly have no fucking clue about history , or fucking anything for that matter . 
  it 's not like our very culture is defined against a legacy of european imperialism and a world war fought primarily against two fascist countries and one imperialist one . 
  it 's not like over half a century later you could n't turn on the television at any time and find at least one documentary about world war two on some channel somewhere . 
  it 's not like almost every civilisation in the history of humanity was authoritarian by modern standards . 
  please you 're embarrassing yourself . 
  as for starship troopers , i 'm sure a film that involves teenagers playing american football , speaking english , and going to prom at a high school in buenos aires is all about fascism . 
  the whole thing about starship troopers that makes it so good is that while it draws heavily upon fascist imagery to draw the parallels , the whole thing is far more a parody of american culture than actual fascist nations . 
  seriously , go back to school kiddo . 
  i could never see white and gold :(, 
  i was n't suggesting a utopia . 
  the point i was making is that humanity can only set aside its grievances when faced with a bigger problem . 
  one way the human 's of the future might prevent this is simply by becoming a race of conquers , addicted to the destruction of the other that keeps humanity united . 
  you realise that 's kind of the joke . 
  this joke that is so bleeding obvious but seems to elude americans to much our amusement . 
  the fact that `` cheeky nandos '' is a thing does n't mean british people think highly of nandos . 
  in fact it 's notoriously shit . 
  it 's the kind of restaurant you take you girlfriend to in order to break up with her ffs because it 's cheap but resembles a restaurant enough that she 'll be disinclined to make a scene . 
  cheeky means audacious , impudent , naughty and bold , like if a kid makes a joke to their teacher , they 're being cheeky . 
  you 're not being downright insubordinate like punching their teacher in the face , they 're just being playfully disrespectful . 
  lads types in england tend to want to be cheeky , they 're not the full out chavs who want to be taken seriously because they 're so gangsta . 
  they want to portray themselves as affable rogues , good with the ladies , everybody 's mate , able to handle themselves but not overtly aggressive , always up for laugh . 
  this is why cheeky was such a common word for them to overuse . 
  cheeky pint during their lunch break , cheeky spliff before school , cheeky blowie in the disabled lavs , whatever . 
  then it just started getting overused for comedic affect , cheeky pot noodle , cheeky curry , cheeky packet of crisps , things that were n't really cheeky at all . 
  cheeky + nandos hit a chord because it just summed up the stupidity of that culture really . 
  calling things cheeky all the time even when they were n't remotely cheeky , combined with the fact that nandos is such a shitty chain restaurant that 's barely above mcdonalds in the scheme of things and definitely the kind of place lad types frequent , just made a perfect storm of parody . 
  it probably would 've gone away after a few weeks if it had n't been picked up by bewildered americans on the internet desperately struggling to understand the phrase , and of course all the piss take responses describing it in pure british slang . 
  whatever you say . 
  ca n't argue with stupid . 
  go back to raging against swjs on / r/tumblrinaction and the damn fundies on / r/atheism you neckbeard . 
  sure we are , to our friends and family , even to strangers who remind us of ourselves . 
  however the entirety of human history has involve various groups that did n't relate with each other slaughtering each other with little mercy . . 
  [ lol this is the mystic meg he keeps referencing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zttwo8h5en8 ) . 
  she was on the uk national lottery for a bit and used to give vague astrological bollocks . 
  he 's probably making her more famous than she ever was . 
  really good . 
  very professional friendly teachers with decades of experience in teaching and qualification out the you know where . 
  even the facilities were great , state of the art , fancy building . 
  it was n't particularly academically challenging compared to university but it was very intensive ( four week course ) . 
  emotions were a bit frayed after spending so much time with the same people for four weeks but met some lovely people . 
  got a job straight away , actually with the same institution that taught the celta . 
  lol , the only places in the uk that charge are the tourist traps in major cities ( train stations , locations full of tourists ) . 
  it 's only like 0.1 % of toilets that charge , ironically all places where foreigners go . 
  keeps the tramps from doing smack in there though and consoles the business owners who have dozens of people coming in every day just to use the bog . 
  is n't that anti-capitalist ? 
  should n't you be singing the praises of these enterprising businesses pulling themselves up by their bootstraps on toilet charges ? 
  or does laissez faire capitalism only count when it it means more money for you ... 
  americans love to exaggerate . 
  i think americans get a warped view of this when they travel to europe , because most spend all their time in tourist places that love to squeeze every penny out of you . 
  as a local the only place you usually end up paying is the train stations , obviously somewhere that travel is common . 
  touristy areas usually have toilet cleaners who sit by the door but your not obliged to pay them . 
  it 's not like the us where if you do n't tip you 're a monster . 
  i still do n't understand this law . 
  i mean i 've met literally nobody who wanted it . 
  i imagine 90 % of people thought it was stupid or at least totally uninterested in the matter , and there other 10 % are probably old with some warped conservative attitude that people should be punished for sexual non-conformity . 
  lol . 
  where do you guys [ get information about europe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tax_rates_of_europe ) ? 
  it 's impossible to pay over 50 % in most of europe , and if you do in the few countries that go above that you 'd be pretty loaded , at which point you should probably hire an accountant and start getting creative . 
  anyway , that tax is busy paying for the free public toilets ( which attracts smack heads ) , and the small business owners have to make up for the oppressive euro-taxes ( lol ) somewhere . 
  would deny the enterprising `` mom and pops '' their bowel movement bonuses ? 
  come on now , all us middle class folk know that the working classes are all the same , you all call your lunch , dinner and your dinner , tea . 
  you all work in either a mine or a mill , and there 's nothing you like more than coming home after a day 's work to keith lemon 's brand of vulgar humour , combined endless cups of overly sweetened milk first tea , assuming you can afford it if you have n't wasted all your money on lottery tickets or the pools . 
  well there are public toilets in europe , most of them are free , but it 's never going to be enough public toilets in a busy city and they 're kind of useless given how many restaurants , bars and other establishments have toilets and are closer . 
  they also tend to attract unwanted sorts because they 're often unmonitored . 
  i do n't understand what the problem is in nyc ? 
  ca n't you just go into the local fast food place / bar and use theirs ? 
  yeah it 's really off putting . 
  oh god this was so good he deserves our praise . 
  come on / u/jedrekk come take a bow . 
   of course , that 's why americans spend so much time getting ready before moving to different states : they need to get the proper paperwork , figure out how the real estate market works . 
  heck , all the state subs are filled with , `` help me avoid cultural faux pas in your state '' threads . 
  obviously , having a common federal government , the same tv stations , radio stations , currency , classic literature , etc means nothing . 
  john from kentucky , john from minnesota and john from california probably barely speak the same language , what with john 's quips about the cold and john 's constant use of `` like '' and `` dude '' , right ? 
  hell , john probably puts avocado on his burger , what a crackpot !, 
  these three guys could not be more different . 
  even their backgrounds : john 's grandfather was a farmer who grew soybean , while john 's great-grandfather grew peanuts while john 's great-grandmother worked as a seamstress . 
  crazy !, 
  john 's grandpa did n't even server in wwii , while john 's served in europe and john 's spent his 4 years in the pacific . 
  how do these guys get along !? 
   their educational backgrounds could n't be more different : john played football in college , but john on played it in high school while john does n't really like sports , he 'll only watch the big games when other people watch them . 
  john 's high school was a 3 year affair after 3 years of middle school and 6 years of elementary school , which is preposterous to the other john and john , as they both went to school districts with 4 , 3 and 5 year split .
