  flexihours , that allow people to adapt their work schedules around other parts of their life are still relatively rare in the uk , even though many jobs can easily work that way . 
  we are obsessed with the clock , getting into the office 10 minutes late is some kind of terrible taboo , even if you 're happy to work 15 minutes extra at the end make up for it . 
  when there 's no work to be done we sit it out staring at the clock before we leave , when there 's too much work we get bullied into staying in late or taking extra shifts by managers who imply its our obligation to sort out their problem . 
  there is way to much focus on being a `` team player '' , and needing to go the extra mile to get ahead , veiling our employment relationship behind a curtain of social nicety , disguising what is effectively a financial contract to exchange labour for money , and nothing more . 
  our work culture is cliquey , with too much focus on liking , or pretending to like , your colleagues , rather than working functionally with each other and not bothering one another . 
  in much of europe they take the mentality of `` people do n't enjoy work ? 
  what can we do to make work a tolerable place for people to be ? 
  '' , so that even if you ca n't make work into a `` fun '' place people love being , you can at least make it into a place that is as stress free and safe feeling as possible , achieved by clearly defined roles , maximal autonomy , and a very matter of fact attitude to work problems . 
  in the uk i think people take the mentality `` people do n't enjoy work ? 
  tough shit , barely anyone enjoys work , it 's not meant to be enjoyable . '' . 
  in fact , when you suggest progressive work thinking to many british people its met with utter scepticism , and you 're accused of wanting 2 hour lunches like the `` damn french '' . 
  it 's as if we 're a nation of masochists who do n't believe anything good can come without suffering . 
  the proof is in the result though , and it 's a simple fact that british people work longer but produce less than many of the european counterparts . 
  my job satisfaction skyrocketed here compared to back in the uk . 
  i feel like a valued and useful member of the organisation , whereas in the uk i was constantly on the defensive , dealing with the next threat or problem , and rather than stating my opinion about how to improve the work i 'd be playing my cards close to my hand rather than risk contradicting the official line . 
  i 'm not saying that my opinion is the final word though . 
  i 'm just giving my impressions . 
  that 's why i was interested in hearing other people 's impressions who live in different parts of the world . 
  to be fair , i 'm not generalising individuals , i 'm generalising the culture . 
  i 'm well aware that not all people think or act the same . 
  it remains that britain do frames things in terms of conflict , bankers vs ordinary people , political elite vs ordinary people , london vs the rest of the country , city vs rural , working class vs middle/upper class , and so on . 
  it 's also true that the work culture is different , and that 's not a generalisation , it 's a fact . 
  i do n't assume every individual is exactly like the stereotype we derive from that culture . 
  i had a similar experience when i got back to the uk a while ago . 
  tried to smoke a cigarette on an empty train platform and go some nasal woman over the announcement system reminding passengers about # 1000 fines . 
  then again , i live in germany , and they love rules here , but on the whole those rules make a lot more sense i.e $ 20 fine for doing something wrong , rather than some outrageous figure like you see in the uk . 
  i think we should legalise cycling on the pavement , but make cyclists de facto responsible for collisions with pedestrians and make it illegal if cyclists do n't dismount within a certain distance of congested areas . 
  then the law should be discretionary , fining those who are perceived as endangering pedestrians . 
  in many countries , like holland , pavement cycling is considered just fine when there 's no cycle lane and the road is busy , provided there 's no pedestrians . 
  in these situations people dismount and walk their bike until it 's clear . 
  well it 's good that it 's changing , but over here flexihours is becoming very standard for any job that does n't have a fixed time schedule . 
  certainly none of the jobs i worked in the uk had the system despite many of them being office based and able to be flexible . 
  i agree with the uk having a good balance in some regards , but i ca n't help shake the feeling that overall people are happier and more satisfied here . 
  people generally seem more open and happy with their position in life . 
  there 's less pressure to be perceived as a `` winner '' . 
  just having a job that supports the lifestyle you feel you need is admirable here . 
  the rest of the time you are free to behave as you want without judgement . 
  it 's just a better mentality imo . 
  where do you live now btw ? 
  ah ok . germany is probably about the same as the uk when it comes to rules and busybodies willing to enforce them . 
  at least germans do n't take a judgemental smug attitude about it as frequently , their attitude is just `` these are the rules , you have to follow them '' . 
  rather than , omg you terrible person for not considering the terribly important reason why these rules exist . 
   i really dislike the german `` it ca n't be helped '' , `` get used to it '' , `` it 's always been like this '' attitude . 
  if a train company is mismanaged and commuters suffer from delays and cancellations for months , british people crowdfund judicial proceedings against the authority responsible for passenger rail ( btw , today is the last day of the #southernjustice fundraiser so be sure to donate if you can ) . 
  germans would grumble at the incompetence of the managers or the politicians and yet turn the other cheek , no lessons learned and continuing problems for years ( berlin s-bahn comes to my mind immediately ) . 
  there is some genuine community spirit left in the uk and i was pleasantly surprised . 
  sunday trading would be an example of german paleo-conservatism disguised as faux-community spirit . 
  i find it interesting that you feel this way about germany . 
  yes , sometimes there is the :, 
   `` it ca n't be helped '' , `` get used to it '' , `` it 's always been like this '' attitude, 
  mostly due to how deeply ingrained the `` system '' is . 
  however , on the whole i think the german 's have better systems on the whole . 
  german efficiency is very thorough , and the upside of this is that although it adapts slowly , it really can crinkle out the quirks in the system and slowly move towards being better , rather than needing to be completely dismantled and deconstructed , as imo is the case in britain , which often just leads a new system with new problems . 
  as for public transport , the attitude of people , particularly those employed by the government , may well be `` it ca n't be helped '' , and people might just accept inefficiencies and failures as inevitable . 
  i 'd still rather have the really good level of access and low cost that they have in germany than the high prices and limited access of britain . 
  i also feel that germany has a much nicer community spirit , where people are welcoming of new comers and willing to hear people out , rather than britain that seems closed off and socially uncommunicative with the community . 
  sure , i have encountered it . 
  people who think these things are `` for their own good '' and that everywhere else has it wrong . 
  i 've even heard people defend gema and other such nonsense . 
  on the whole i think the good outweighs the bad , people are very relaxed on the whole , in a way i never imagined germans to be . 
  maybe it 's because i 've stuck to more cosmopolitan areas , but generally i think there 's less pressure to be something or someone that is socially expected than in the uk . 
  `` obey the law , pay your taxes , the rest is up to you '' , is how i 'd describe it . 
  funny , i never felt that way in the uk . 
  i felt much more pressure to conform to a certain way of being or be viewed as an outsider . 
  i also felt at in a working environment i was constantly on trial in most regard to work and demeanour . 
  i 've worked in a variety of places across the country but most of my experience is in the w. midlands . 
  to be fair , in germany airport toilets in germany can be cleaned by either sexes . 
  i 'm pretty sure i 've seen it done . 
  ofc germany has that mentality in some quarters , people are judged by the fluency and naturalness of their german , and people from less desirable countries can be viewed negatively , but imo exactly the same happens in the uk , so i do n't think we can compare there . 
  travel here is still comparatively much cheaper than the uk . 
  everyone knew what was being said in confidence between people who were in a position to know , nobody had the hard evidence to prove it . 
  also attitudes were so different , sex was n't as readily discussed , many people still believed that those who had sex before marriage were immoral , so young people having sex was just default bad regardless of the age of consent . 
  in a society that does n't openly accept extra-martial sex it 's much harder to discuss `` very bad sex '' vs `` less bad sex '' . 
  i think it 's fair to say very many knew jimmy savile had creepily young tastes and had sex with girls many years his junior , but nobody was quite sure of the extent of it . 
  also the necrophilia rumours , and disabled abuse rumours were n't entirely taken seriously . 
  people had a different attitude to the age of consent back then too . 
  the courts did n't , but i think people classified teen girls simply as `` teen girls '' then , and were n't so focussed on whether they were above 16 ( age of consent in the uk ) . 
  if think that many great famous people did n't have any sexual contact with girls under 16 back then i think you 're kidding yourself . 
  nobody was iding groupies in those days . 
  obviously what 's shocking about savile though is the predatory way he want about it and the extend of the abuse , how he coerced many girls did n't doing stuff they did n't want to . 
  my parents had an interesting attitude , growing up in that era . 
  they said that the mentality of the time was that as a teenage girl , if you got into a car with a man by yourself then you should n't be surprised when tries to make a move , getting into cars with guys was simply not what `` good girls did '' . 
  an society treated men as sexually unable to help themselves , and expected women to act accordingly and `` guard their virtue '' . 
  i think it 's fair to say that many of the girls who were abused by savile knew what he was all about , and he groomed them to accept it , but that 's why he prayed on vulnerable people , sought out victims of abuse , because they could be psychologically pressured into giving him what he wanted . 
  there 's a good documentary where one victim describes exactly this , she was abused , sent to a school for troubled teenage girls that savile would frequent looking for victims . 
  other cases he just straight up molested people of course , because it sounds like he acted as inappropriately as possible with women as much as he wanted , and never even worried about the repercussions . 
  yeah , i see what you mean , it could be that i prefer being a foreigner than to being in my native country for some of these reasons . 
  but i also think where i live , a highly cosmopolitan provincial city , is also a factor . 
  we do n't seem to have many cosmopolitan provincial cities in the uk , rather just bits of cities that happen to be cosmopolitan compared to the rest . 
  about 2 and half years . 
  surely if i had the rose tinted spectacles i 'd be reminiscing about how good the uk was . 
  exactly , but that 's hardly a `` good '' sign for the british economy . 
  all it means is that investors predict the pound 's value will eventually rise , which is definitely will , but who knows to where and when . 
  no , when i first arrived i complained a lot more about things that were different , now i 've tried it out for a while and adapted and starting to think the germans have their heads screwed on much better than the brits . 
   i just could n't stand the attitude of the people there for much longer than a week . 
  i 'm starting to feel that way about britain tbh . 
  what exactly is it about the germany attitude that you do n't like ? 
  german drivers focus * only * on the rules of the road , make a mistake ? 
  expect to get stuck in the middle of the road for ages until you can get out and to be beeped like crazy . 
  congested and ca n't pull out of your driveway ?
