  jazz and blues ? 
  influenced by african music , nope still american . 
  pop music ? 
  somehow american , despite being defined by european bands like the beatles , rolling stones and abba . 
  who are all really american since they were influenced by elvis , ok ? 
  no they 're not though . 
  who can be arsed with the immense hassle of the job centre when you 're making what they give you weekly daily just selling a few bags of weed . 
  unemployment benefit is absolutely paltry spending , it 's pittance per week and the sanctions are ridiculously cruel towards people who are living on the edge . 
  if you want to cut down spending on benefits focus on educating the teenage mothers who keep turning out kids and who 've never worked in their lives . 
  they 're the ones claiming the equivalent of a working wage every week . 
  not a pathetic 70 quid a week for whatever jsa is , but it 's impossible to criticise them because they 're responsible for the welfare of innocents . 
  meanwhile if you 're merely collecting jsa you 'll lose it all for two weeks if your bus is late and you 're 5 minutes late for the interview , or just randomly get sanctioned because the jobsworth at the centre decides you 're not looking for work hard enough , or does n't believe your grounds for turning down a job were good enough . 
  even if you 're a fully qualified accountant if you turn down a job as a dustman you 'll be sanctioned . 
  no self-respecting drug dealer would put themselves through that , and nobody can afford to get high off the measly jsa either . 
  the reason we have problems with welfare in the uk is because we despise the bottom end of the social scale , and this just reinforces their mentality of fuck the system . 
  in other places in the eu you 'll find people who are technically `` working class '' , but you wo n't the fucked up us and them attitude we have on both sides of the social scale in england . 
  no self respecting drug dealer puts himself through that every week . 
  in the uk we say it more like our-land ... sorry !, 
  yes because killing a rabbit is so horrific . 
  ( if you 're self-righteous sentimental douchebag that is ), 
  except an american one . 
  no they do n't . 
  the very idea that anyone can speak without an accent is retarded . 
  even if you speak general american or standard southern british you are still speaking in that accent . 
  and my point is british people do n't `` think '' that . 
  the only people that think they have no accent are idiots who think their way of speaking is entirely neutral and everyone else has accents . 
  northerners say fook . 
  if look and luck sound the same to you , you a ) northern b ) saying fook . 
  most singers do n't have such clear accents when they sing . 
  when most people things they do n't stress syllables and consonants are reduced . 
  this leads to an effect whereby everyone sounds more neutral when they sing . 
  if you are american you believe this as them `` losing '' their british accent . 
  adele still sounds british to me when she sings , just less noticeably so . 
  they do n't sound remotely american . 
  what would you say instead of `` drunk people '' ? 
  you sound bitter . 
  more likely the student loan 's company 's # 9000, 
  this is n't the us so no . 
  `` elevator '' kill yourself . 
  oh wow , what students do at american universities ? 
  a pint or two with lunch always makes lectures go quicker . 
  ah ok but that does n't sound very casual . 
  at university they 'll always be a couple of pubs on campus and shops selling cheap booze . 
  all students are able to drink legally here though . 
  i 'm sorry but all i can hear is their nasally northern scouse accents which you seem to be interpreting as american . 
  yeah exactly 18 lol . 
  most of the aussie words are just british words . 
  although some weirdly are n't . 
  napkin is still napkin in the uk , serviette is still understood but is considered a bit of a tacky word . 
  bumper is still bumper . 
  letter opener is letter opener in the uk . 
  funny when aussies call them all `` lollies '' , they 're sweets in the uk , lollies are just the ones on sticks you suck . 
  sultanas and raisins ( and currents as well ) are actually all different types of similar food , sultanas are called golden raisins in the us . 
  footpath is a pavement . 
  tank top is a vest . 
  aluminum is aluminium . 
  everything else is the same , except the aussie only words like dunnie . 
  [ luck is like this ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/luck ) , [ look is like this ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/look ) . 
  like on the uk audio to hear the difference . 
  if they rhyme you probably [ live in the area ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/phonological_history_of_english_high_back_vowels#mediaviewer/file:foot-strut_split.svg ) with the upside down omega symbol . 
  [ lock sounds like this for me ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/lock ) . 
  where are you actually from that might explain something . 
  the one 's that are n't america or canada , also in germany . 
  it has historically been considered tacky for being an unnecessary frenchification . 
  in the victorian era that was a pull towards frenchifying that language in the uk . 
  around the turn of the century-ish this reversed and being unnecessarily french was considered a trait of the lower classes putting on pretences . 
  you 'll notice in the uk we pronounce the - h in `` herb '' , the - t in valet and fillet , saying serviette was a faux pas in the past . 
  i do n't think people give that much of shit any more but in my experience napkin is more prominent than serviette for this reason . 
  no it 's considered common . 
  it 's one of those reverse psychology things where something becomes considered common because the common man considers it posh . 
  no one , it was just relevant since most the aussies words are british words too . 
  pretty sure you can call it that anywhere and people will understand haha, 
  do n't know why that is , napkin is a very old english word of germanic roots , serviette is a french loan word that was a negative social stigma from a long time . 
  sultanas and raisins differ in the type of white grape they are from . 
  napkin is napkin in the uk . 
  serviette is also napkin but used to be frowned upon . 
  yeah that 's definitely far north enough to be affected by the foot-strut merger . 
  basically anywhere birmingham and above . 
  you 're logic is n't working there buddy . 
  bonnets are n't just worn by babies , it 's a basically a woman 's hood . 
  women used to wear bonnets . 
  hoods are basically the same thing but on a man 's clothing . 
  i may as well say why do you call them hoods ? 
  this is cars we are talking about not coats and jacket . 
  point is it 's exactly the same derivation , it 's just bonnets have gone out of fashion more than hoods . 
  treating an animal as if it were a human being is overly sentimental , believing so strongly in this moronic conviction is self-righteous . 
  all you are to me is someone without a properly functioning moral capacity , so to compensate you try and be `` more moral '' than normal folk by irrationally extending the scope of moral treatment to non-human things . 
  much like a sjw you must find moral problems where there are none , generated out of a sense of misplaced artificial pathos , in order to feel some type of moral superiority which serves to mask your true lack of morality . 
  sure animal cruelty is wrong , animals feel pain after all , but to say there is anything immoral about killing an animal humanely and for a purpose is absurd . 
  that is to suggest its life has value over and above its place within the natural world of predator and prey . 
  an animal is not a human capable of transforming the world , its life has no value over and above the capacity to replicate itself . 
  a value trumped when its species exists in abundance and its death serves human needs . 
  you may as well form a club saying how it 's wrong to kill plants or wrong to disfigure rocks . 
  caring about a plant is caring about another being is it not ? 
  yet you cruelly breed and massacre plants for your sustenance all the time , how unthinkable . 
  well actually that 's absurd , and your opinions about the killing of a rabbit are equally absurd . 
  `` right on , dumb ass '' . 
  you 've missed the point completely . 
  she is saying that americans call it sprite and aussies call it lemonade . 
  so your point about the nation formed by little kids applies to america not australia .
