   of theseus , who goes so busily ,, 
   to make up the lists royally, 
  i mean only two words that really need some explanation there . 
  trowe and dispence . 
  old english is radically different though . 
  can barely understand a word . 
  but etymology wise it has the biggest influence on the language , and equipped with an understanding common patterns in sound shifts and orthography through the ages there 's a surprising amount you can work out . 
  sadly that 's not a very precise method because firstly it might only let you recognise a cognate , but wo n't give you the precise meaning , and you 'll still be reaching for a dictionary half the time . 
  for the era , that language is the most like modern english when compared to others . 
  also the grammar will take some getting used to be it 's nothing that should overwhelm anyone with a decent understanding of some other languages . 
  i know we do n't consider modern italian to be latin , even though latin and italian and old english and modern english are connected in a somewhat analogous way in a simplistic sense . 
  but latin also had a lot more influence culturally all over europe . 
  old english is quite clearly related to english and scots in a way that other languages do n't show any signs of . 
  nobody cares about your definition of art . 
  you 're just digging yourself deeper . 
  your saying it 's `` art by definition '' presumes we have to accept your definition of art . 
  fyi everyone is free to decide what they do or do n't consider art as it 's patently clear to anyone with half a brain that there 's no objective definition of what `` art '' is . 
  definitions range from something naturalistic on a canvas to woman smearing period blood on her face in a room full of people . 
  calling people nazis for not accepting your definition of art ( the one that entails that this parody of edgy art is art by definition ) is a pathetic strategy and nobody is going to take you seriously for it . 
  people do n't have to say it 's bad art , or art they do n't like , they 're free to straight up deny that it 's art at all if they please . 
  btw , way to come across as a douchy art person . 
  germany does n't ban art , but it bans video games because video games are toys under german law . 
  does the word heuchler mean anything to you ? 
  you 're actually ridiculous at this point . 
  there 's a big difference between people thinking that something is n't art , and forming a political party , gaining power , destroying art , and also committing genocide while you 're at it . 
  while everything might be a slippery slope in your paranoid mind that 's terrified that dissent is going to lead to the reemergence of nationalism , that 's not the world we live in . 
  let people decide what they think is hard and have faith that in a free democracy that does n't matter because people do n't go around burning artworks they just do n't decide to go to the art gallery and that 's literally the worst they can do . 
  stop trying to force people 's consent with nazi analogies and shaming , it 's fucking sad and incredibly ineffective . 
  whatever mate you 're so smug and full of self-righteousness it 's making me a little bit sick . 
  you 're coming across as a caricature of a smug german pseudo-intellectual , full of ideological nonsense but ultimately dumb as rocks . 
   my country ( germany ) does n't ban art . 
  this kind of smug nationalistic fevour is ironically exactly the kind of shit the nazis would 've prayed upon . 
  ( fyi censorship in german is just as much an issue as in other nations , and you 're holding them up as a paragon of virtue is disconcerting ) . 
   take a look at whatever your own country is ( uk , us , australia ? 
  they all ban art regularly ) . 
  ah yes , the decadent democracies with their art banning !, 
  what they need is to be more like the german nation !, 
  perhaps if you were a little more self critical you 'd cleanse yourself of this aversion to liberal thought you 're exhibiting . 
  see you can call people nazis for saying things are n't art , and we can call you a nazi for telling people how to think . 
  frankly the latter argument has more force , given the fact that just because people do n't think something is art does n't mean they want it to be banned . 
  if people wanted art to be banned then maybe an nazi analogy would be fair , but for saying `` this is n't art '' , nope that 's not how this works . 
   nobody is calling anyone a nazi . 
  well you just kinda did . 
  that 's exactly what you implied when you said :, 
   no , whether you like it or consider it valuable is up to you . 
  it 's art by definition . 
   - e - sorry for being a little bit nitpicky , but i 've had this discussion too often with people who actually mean it , and it has a disgusting historical association, 
  i personally find it way more nazi to tell people what art is defined as on pain of nazi accusations than simply to say `` i do n't think this edgy student 's work is art '' . 
   that 's why i wrote association and not meaning . 
  the two are not that different . 
  if you had been suggesting they were simple incidentally associated then there would n't have been any point in mentioning it . 
  that would be like saying `` i do n't believe in dog ownership because hitler was a dog lover '' . 
  it has no relevance . 
  there would be no point mentioning the association if you did n't think they were in some sense related and therefore meaningful . 
  sorry , but it is kinda nazi-esque to try to tell someone their philosophical definition of something abstract like art is wrong . 
  i 'm pretty sure nazis did try to shut down certain opinions on philosophical questions and promote their preferred answers as a means of leading the german people into fascism . 
  i do n't think people think that , but culturally there is a lot more exposure to american restaurant food via the media . 
  traditional food americans eat at home seems kinda generic to me . 
  not that different from british food in the sense of that it 's typically a plate with some meat , some carbs , and some veg . 
  obviously we 've got gravy in common . 
  but there are some obvious differences like the fact that americans do n't really eat lamb , or many of the british style dishes e.g yorkshire pudding , shepard 's pie ( although americans do eat cottage pie by and misname it ) . 
  americans also have some different veg , like squash and sweet potatoes , pumpkin and such which are n't popular in the uk . 
  desserts are more strikingly different . 
  so if i want to be define art as solely a naturalistic representation of something existent or a synthesis of existent things such that it looks real , is that massively inconsistent ? 
  portraits are art , still life 's are art , landscapes are art , sculptures are art , a drawing of a centaur is art provided it looks realistic . 
  impressionism is n't art , cubism is n't art , a pattern on a chinese pot is n't art . 
  there 's nothing inconsistent about it even if the art world disagrees . 
  what if i want to define everything as art . 
  what if i want to say that tree blowing in the breeze is art , the old person smiling is art , a smashed bottle on the floor is art . 
  that 's also consistent . 
  christ let people decide for themselves or not decide at all even . 
  do n't harangue into accepting what you think is the only reasonable definition . 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's an incredibly personal thing to decide for yourself what you think art is . 
   well , what do you define as naturalistic ? 
  are thoughts and geometry not natural ? 
  and more importantly , when you try to define everything else , you 'll end up with a definition that 's basically `` what 's commonly known as non-naturalistic art '', 
  it 's easy to define naturalistic art as art that humans recognise as resembling reality as perceived through the senses . 
   are thoughts and geometry not natural ? 
  neither exist in the real world . 
  they are indeed natural in a sense that is opposed by artificial , but not naturalistic in the sense that would be opposed by abstract . 
   then the word loses all meaning . 
  if something means `` everything '' why not use the word `` everything '' ? 
  then we arrive at the premise that everything is art , which is not a tautological statement that could be reduced to everything is everything in the same way that `` everything is made of matter '' is not a tautological statement as the very term `` matter '' brings with it certain ideas and impressions . 
  it 's a fine position to take if you want . 
   i 'm just saying that if you want people to understand you , you speak their language . 
  that 's what a word is . 
  if you truly think that a word has absolutely no static definition , you would n't use it , because you 'd have to assume people think you mean `` that pebble in my local park '' when you mean `` the color of the sky at december 9th '', 
  you 're just wrong here . 
  it 's well a known fact that no words have a static definition , the meaning of words is constantly shifting . 
  the only reason language works is because there is overlap between speakers within communities . 
  moreover , abstract concepts like `` art '' are always an open question on which we can have no precise consensus . 
  even then , we ca n't define strictly define something simple like `` a telephone '' . 
  is my computer a telephone because it 's capable of calling people using phone lines ? 
  most people would think that a bit silly . 
  our categories are somewhat arbitrary and tend to get shoved aside by whatever is dominating the largest share of a language speaking communities time . 
   right , after you called me smug multiple times , implied i 'm a nazi and dumb as a bag of rocks , now you say i 'm haranguing . 
  and what is it that you 're doing , that 's not arguing your definition of art is the only right one ? 
  just because your definition includes its own invalidation ? 
  what you did , use a nazi analogy to tell people they should n't say things are n't art , is kinda smug ( you 're taking a position of moral superiority over those that disagree with you ) , dumb ( because it 's an ineffective strategy that wo n't convince anyone to agree with you ) , and nazi-esque ( because it 's trying to pressure people into a certain mode of philosophical understanding without respecting their right as free humans to a democracy to make their own mind up about stuff without arguments based in guilt ) . 
  fyi did n't say you were a nazi .
