  the difference between `` hollywood '' nerdy and real life nerdy i 'm afraid . 
  one is a decent looking human being made to appear nerdy on camera with glasses and long hair for guys , glasses and hair bunched up for a girl . 
  the other is a lifetime of rejection and the ensuing social anxiety leading to unresolved emotion issues well into middle age :(, 
  ultimately , just because there are like a billion different configurations of planet , many of those are going to be almost identical just with different colour skins , different lifeforms with different behaviours . 
  with procedurally generated anything , once you seen a few hundred planets it will feel like you 've seen them all anyway . 
  just to point out , in areas with a high density of non-rhotic speakers , for example , the uk , non-rhoticity does n't stand out at all , whereas a rhotic accent can be picked out across a busy a pub . 
  i do n't think this is a sensible question . 
  accents and language is always changing , it would be more unusual and interesting if ga had n't changed . 
  ask yourself , why as the typical british upper middle class / upper class accent changed in the last 50 years ? 
  accents change , it does n't matter how well defined these ways of speaking are , or how well received they are , or how conservative the people who use the accent are . 
  there 's a great paper `` whatever happened to received pronunciation ? '', 
  that covers the changes in what people in the uk consider a `` high class '' accent . 
  why did the british elite stop pronouncing `` lost '' and cross '' to rhyme with `` forced '' and `` horse '' ? 
  clearly , there are many social factors in play , a manner of speech can only survive as long as there is a large enough community who use it . 
  when it becomes too infrequent across the entire community of speakers of that language , it might start to impair communication as many speakers wo n't understand it , it can also become the subject of ridicule , seemingly like a deliberate affectation or an uneducated mistake . 
  these things can quickly kill off a unique dialectical feature . 
  obviously the degree to which a community is isolated from speakers of other dialects is a factor , especially if the other dialects all share a common feature which the dialect of the community in question lacks , and especially if the speakers of other dialects are far more numerous than the speakers of your own . 
  a feature of dialect does n't just need to have a sufficiently large community of speakers , but that feature must occur at , or higher than , a certain frequency within the daily lives of the people in that community . 
  if that community becomes more intertwined with another that lacks the linguistic feature , then this can dilute the average community member 's exposure to it bringing it below the threshold it needs to survive . 
  perhaps over the course of the 20th century the upper class speakers of prestige english were force to integrate more closely with middle and lower class people . 
  perhaps that meant that while they used to hear `` lost '' rhyming of `` forced '' in 50 % of the instances of that word being spoken , they now only heard it 20 % of the time , which brought it down below the threshold , leading to its further decline . 
  even an analysis like this is far to simple , because changes in speech do n't just depend on quantifiable factors like frequency of usage and the number of uses . 
  it also depend on how people perceive those features , is speaking one way or the other seen as pretentious or uneducated ? 
  how they are perceived will generally reflect how the community that uses that way of speaking is perceived . 
  are people in the south of the us dumb ? 
  are rp speakers like david attenborough clever ? 
  are new yorkers tough ? 
  if the perception of a community changes this can also change the likelihood that people will adopt or avoid the unique features of dialect that community use . 
  take the transatlantic accent for example . 
  it disappeared and now sounds somewhat comical . 
  did its decline in popularity reflect the change in perception in the average american 's mind about the superiority of wasp , and highly anglicised , culture ? 
  maybe , maybe not . 
  we 're still being reductive here though , because it 's not like people are all the same . 
  a segment of the population can be polarised in their attitude towards something , and the split does n't have to be on the basis of shared dialect , it can be across any demographic grounds going , age , sex , race etc. 
  think about the polarised attitude towards african american english for example . 
  so going back to your question why has genam changed ? 
  it 's changed because that 's what accents do . 
  as time passes people change , and as people change their perceptions change , and as their perception changes their perception of other groups of people , and consequently their perception of certain linguistic features , change . 
  this is a process has both an unaware and an aware side to it , unaware because people often just speak in a way similar to what they hear around them , and aware because people attitudes towards language can impact how they speak . 
  although we can attempt to analyse whatever data we can get our hands on , and can speculate on people 's motivations and perceptions as well as we are able , we ca n't really answer a question like why genam changes the way it did in a concrete way . 
  nobody can really every know that . 
  we can however tell you why it did , and the reason for that is because all languages and dialects do , we 're just not always aware of it happening . 
  genam sounds the way it does simply because that what sounds right to the majority of speakers we 'd class as genam , and what as considered genam in the 60s no longer is . 
  i think they 're both meant to be children , and we all know children can be dicks . 
  yeah , i was just like , hang on , is n't this what the graphics looked like in the original ? 
  why the fuck is this happening ? 
  why are they trying to distract the players ? 
  it 's what a scouser sounds like after decades of living in the us apparently . 
  does n't sound anything like the island accents . 
  all the accents in that areas are rhotic , this guy says `` dawd-uh '' most americans would say `` dahd-err '' , islanders would say `` daw-terr '' with a hard - t and the rhotic - r. 
  this guy is a brit whose spend a long time in the us , which his why his accent almost sounds like it 's from the east coast . 
  no , pries means to look into something . 
  prise means to open something with leverage . 
  pry , pries , prying , pried vs prise , prises , prising , prised . 
  if you say `` he pried open the box '' , then you 're technically wrong but i doubt anyone cares , it 's a common back-formation according to wikipedia . 
  `` as in prising something open '' fyi, 
  `` prying '' means to spy on or investigate something . 
  `` prising '' is the present participle form of prise . 
  as in `` he is prising the boxes open as we speak '' . 
  maybe . 
  the new york accent contains lots of pronunciations that are based on the british , meaning brits who spend too long the us and get a mixed accent can end up sounding like they 're from around that area anyway . 
  asian countries are really us oriented . 
  a whole culture growing up associating `` english '' with hamburgers and cowboys , it 's an abomination . 
  misspelt * , we do n't accept off-brand english from sub-par nationalist states here . 
  unsurprisingly , the shortening of `` nightclub '' to `` club '' is n't a uniquely american phenomenon . 
  no it 's not . 
  the guy has already stated that he 's originally from liverpool in england , but has lived in the us for a long time . 
  furthermore , there 's no influence of an island accent because island accents tend to be rhotic , this guy is non-rhotic . 
  i have no idea where in the us this is . 
  but british people also say daw-tuh in a way similar to people in boston say dawd-uh , so he might not be on the east coast at all , might just be a british person that 's been in the us so long they 've stopped pronouncing the hard - t . that said , it could be a combination of the two , a british person who moved to the east coast of the us , and now has a mixed east coast/british accent . 
  the other people in the video do n't strike me as having strong east coast accents . 
  do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  it 's totally true . 
  pick a random person from any european country and compare it with another random person and you 'd have a hard time saying which is from where . 
  sure , if you compared 100 norwegians vs 100 italians you could probably tell , but that 's looking at the average rather than the individual . 
  it scares me that in parts of the us there still survives this borderline eugenic notion that people in european countries are almost like different races . 
  i often hear stereotypes based on european heritage which makes no sense whatsoever . 
  also some americans will be shocked when they meet a blonde spaniard or a swarthy irishman . 
  many americans assume spanish = latino , which is just wrong . 
  maybe they do n't realise that europe was a melting pot well before the us accelerated the process . 
  white europeans are a single race , and it does n't matter if you 're blonde , blue eyes and milky pale , or if you 're dark brown haired , brown eyes and tanned , the difference is minor . 
  someone from somalia looks totally different from someone from uganda , but they 're both black . 
  actually , i would n't necessarily assume it was dane law . 
  dane law came over with the anglo-saxons . 
  i believe the higher frequency of blonde hair and blue eyes is often attributed to the vikings who came hundreds of years later . 
  i 'm speculating , but i think light eyes are a very celtic feature ( both blue and green ) , although it 's no doubt a germanic feature as well . 
  blonde hair however was n't so celtic , which is why you see its prevalence in the more germanic eastern side of the british isles + ireland , rather than the west . 
  before the germanic migration into the british isle , the average celtic inhabitant was probably light eyed and dark haired , and when the germanic tribes came over they increased the frequency of fair haired folk . 
  nothing to be embarrassed about , apparently `` pry '' is used in place of `` prise '' reasonably often these days . 
  `` he 's prying open the box '' is probably something you 've just picked up naturally from colloquial speech . 
  thought danelaw was the anglo-saxon law . 
  the angles were from the border between denmark and germany . 
  furthermore , i think you 're confusing west germanic and north germanic languages . 
  it was their languages that were north and west germanic respectively , not really the tribes themselves . 
  a west germanic tribe would just be a tribe that spoke a west germanic language . 
  it 's an ethno-linguistic category rather than a geographical one . 
  at least you 're not ginger !, 
  sorry , but they 're not considered attractive usually . 
  they 're typically perceived on a scale between indifference and dislike . 
  some american accents sound quite obnoxious to us , especially if they 're highly nasal , the rest just sound meh .
