  good rabbit and deer hunting within spitting distance , wolves to the south and north who have never bothered me since it 's a big open space so ganking is unlikely , even bears that occasionally stroll through that you can virtually shoot from the porch if you want to . 
  only thing i 've found in short supply is maple saplings . 
  you say depressing , i say cosy haha !, 
  maybe i have a claustrophobic tendency but the farmstead is just great for me with how far you can see on a clear day . 
  i have a very similar tale . 
  i 'd been very busy looting all of mystery lake , one of my earlier play throughs when i was just start to grips with the game . 
  i 'd stocked up nicely at the lodge , and i 'd left the dam for last on accounts of a few bad experiences there with fluffy ( literally was killed by fluffy upon waking up on my first play through before i was aware indoor wildlife was a thing ) . 
  of course i 'd taken the bare minimum in loot with me to the dam knowing how big that place is i would surely be encumbered by leaving even carrying a bare survival kit . 
  i looted the entire dam as quickly as possible , trying not to leave anything behind , had 40kg + at this point , my plan being to drop the non-essentials at the door and get nip back for them later . 
  well i thought i 'd try that infamous door , thinking it might be a another indoor section . 
  well fuck my life i was shocked to see the outdoors , i looked around for a few bits and bobs in the vicinity , disappointed i went to return and well fuck me , no entrance . 
  panic set in bad at this point . 
  the weather was good and there was still a far bit of daylight left but i had no clue what to do . 
  i had n't taken my gun or my bedroll . 
  so my only plan was to drop everything inessential on the floor right there to go onward as fast as possible in search of a bed before fatigue got me . 
  i just powered forward in that area , taking no time to explore really , just hoping i 'd find some sign of civilisation , looted a few corpses on the way and was lucky enough to find enough food and soda to keep me going . 
  where did i end up but pv . 
  a map i had no sense of whatsoever , arriving in dusk , with just endless wilderness ahead of me , no idea where to go . 
  i just picked a direction and kept going . 
  my guardian angel was looking out for me that night though . 
  the weather was on my side . 
  i still had a while till my fatigue ran out . 
  i even had a cup of cold coffee in my bag . 
  i burned through all my lantern fuel . 
  when it was gone i started just lighting flares one after another ( i had 3 fortunately ) . 
  finally i find a road and follow it and end up near a wooden arch . 
  a little later i 'd found the barn , just as i was freezing to death on about 60 % condition . 
  the barn was a saviour , but i soon realised there was still nowhere to sleep , i looted the place , lit a fire and made coffee , ate , but my fatigue was about to hit 100 % , there were still 2 hours until daylight . 
  i had to run from the place , i figured i 'd follow the hay bales , surely there must be more civilisation near a barn . 
  well i ca n't find anything . 
  i 've even got disorientated and i 'm losing condition , pretty much resigned myself to the end , when what would you know ? 
  the first light of the morning is peaking on the horizon , my visibility is improving , and across the way i see what looks like a building . 
  i run towards it and there it is , the farmstead , not some puny hut ( a puny hut would 've been good enough for me ) , but a real building . 
  i just run in there and jump into the first bed i see , condition 21 % . 
  probably my luckiest night in the game so far , no idea how i survived , sometimes the odds are in your favour , sometimes they 're not . 
  yeah , they think all europeans are fashionably dressed and well groomed , when imo americans are so often have that over groomed look that makes them look a bit gay by european standards . 
  yeah this is comedy not linguistics . 
  all hail the god emperor of mankind . 
  death to the xeno, 
  his name was maximus decimus meridius . 
  commander of the armies of the north . 
  general of the felix legions . 
  loyal servant to the true emperor , marcus aurelius . 
  father to a murdered son , husband to a murdered wife -- and he will have his vengeance , in this life or the next . 
  also says a taco for a taco , an enchilada for an enchilada . 
  not sure why you 're getting downvoted . 
   the municipality of amsterdam also recognizes english as an official language [ 8 ] but on a lower status than dutch , meaning that communication with the municipality can be done in english , but dutch remains the language of publications , meetings , and administration . 
  [ source ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/languages_of_the_netherlands ), 
  hk was british for god knows how many years ? 
  anyone recognise where that guy is from ? 
  strange accent . 
  [ except it is ] ( http://www.telegraaf.nl/binnenland/article20477295.ece ) , at least to some degree . 
  being able to make legally binding declarations in english is a form of recognition , i 'm not going to argue the technicalities of what constitutes recognition , and what constitutes official . 
  the guy had a point , it 's stupid to downvote him for it . 
  again it depends on what defines official , in the uk only english and welsh ( in wales ) are official languages , but things like scots and ulster-scots are recognised . 
  i was merely defending the guy i responded to , he was n't entirely talking out his arse even if he 's not technically correct . 
  edit : uk is probably a bad example , but i think it makes the point . 
  i say euros , what you going to do about it ? 
  just like it 's normal to say 50 pounds , and saying fifty pound sounds quite dialecty . 
  so what !, 
  although marks is quite funny . 
  wow give it a rest moron . 
  i 'm not defending the statement i 'm defending the sentiment and the poster . 
  there is a clear reason why someone might believe english holds a special status in amsterdam compared to the other municipalities of ** the netherlands ** . 
  quit being so anal . 
  you 're replying to yourself you know ? 
  fair enough anyway , 50 euro , 50 euros , does n't matter if you ask me . 
  marks however is pretty old school . 
  the autism is strong in this one . 
  wow you are super angry about this are n't you . 
  you are really acting like a stereotypical internet nerd . 
  the irony is that you 're not even in a position to say with any certainty and are linking tourist sites as `` proof '' . 
  i 've provided two links suggesting that english holds a special status in amsterdam compared to other dutch municipalities , it explains why the guy thought what he did whether he 's right or wrong . 
  are the links incorrect ? 
  maybe . 
  does what the links contain not truly entail that english is `` official '' or `` recognised '' ? 
  perhaps . 
  i really do n't give a shit . 
  [ relevant ] ( http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-vcrnn8aiwmc/tq2cavd4y1i/aaaaaaaabcs/iv07lvmamse/s1600/someone+is+wrong+on+internet.png ), 
  first sign of madness and all that . 
  you 're like a parody of a forum dwelling nerd . 
  i never said i was wrong , i might be , i might not , the fact remains there 's an explanation for why someone might think what the guy i originally responded to believes what they do . 
  what i did say is that i do n't care . 
  i honestly pity you in being so bothered by this . 
  [ do you just want to add this one to your tally board ? 
  ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/comments/5136683+_0ce2112790eeafaaa01a5f511dd7b1a3.jpg ), 
  lol , it 's pretty indicative of your pathetic state of mind that you think calling someone wrong will annoy them . 
  fight on keyboard warrior . 
  yet you 're the one being downvoted because you 're the one fixating on what is right and wrong , making a fool of yourself . 
  for the 20th time i was only seeking to explain why the original guy thought what he did . 
  honestly i think you 've an ulterior motive , perhaps you do n't like that english holds a special status in amsterdam . 
  in truth i do n't care what status english holds in amsterdam . 
  no , it 's just that stuff decays by itself , so if i 'm gone for a month say i 'll come back to nothing but rotten food . 
  special status does not mean the same as official status . 
  if they allow you to communicate with the municipality in english , however not in chinese , and if other places in the netherlands wo n't permit this , then it certainly does enjoy a special status in amsterdam . 
  if the sources are wrong an they do n't then it does n't . 
  i do n't know , i do n't care . 
  they always make the leberk\u00e4se too damn thick !, 
  i literally ca n't taste the semmel or the s\u00fcsse senf for the gigantic chuck of meat in the middle . 
  yes , very hard to get compared to the uk at least .
