  err where the fuck do you get this delusional shit , us 31 billion , uk 17 billion . 
  eu as a whole 81 billion . 
  you give less than the uk and germany combined which is still only 145 million people compared to the us 's 320 million . 
  relative to gdp you give less than portugal , and let 's face the us needs it much less than portugal you cheap fucks . 
  why would there be outrage . 
  yes occasionally students will attack teachers , students are young and foolish , some will make that bad decision . 
  for that they 'll be expelled and arrested and punished for it . 
  obviously if a teacher attacks a student is a much bigger deal since the teacher is in the position of responsibility , the teacher is the adult , and the teacher should be above that . 
  [ for comparison ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9tfvh6xps4 ), 
  wow that 's a big jump to make . 
  not everyone speaks like your little corner of the world . 
  if this guy worked as a captain of a small passenger craft is somewhere remote he could easily meet these people . 
  flying to alaska , around canada , in australia , it 's the same pilots who take everyone , hunting groups , business men , or criminals under police escort . 
  so your solution is always hold it in the us . 
  a country known for its loose laws around protecting people 's homes . 
  why not always have it in the uk who had the last one ? 
  or always hold it in france where the committee is located . 
  why should anyone trust america to do it correctly when it 's a country renowned for human rights violations lol . 
  the obvious solution is stricter regulations and a less corrupt olympic commitee limiting the eligible nations . 
  only a retarded american nationalist would suggest what you have , frankly the world trusts the us no more than brazil or quatar even . 
  skill shortage = we cant find anyone with a background in php , java , c++ , html5 , graphic design and animation so we can fire the two guys who do those jobs and amalgamate it into one megajob of head design-programmer and streamline costs . 
  also we 're too lazy to run training programmes because that would mean hiring more people to run training programmes ... 
  the difference between old labour and new labour is the difference between the remnants of the old left and neoliberalism . 
  people need to educate themselves on what neoliberalism is and what it 's come to represent . 
  fact is blair and co threw away the concept of opposing wealth inequality under the premise that if we let big business run riot and market forces take effect then we 'll all be better off provided we have the welfare state and can fund social programmes and so forth . 
  neolib politics are nothing more than reaganomics/thatcherism painted with friendly colours so the working classes will swallow that bitter pill . 
  it 's free market economics and shameless profiteering just with a greater share of scraps being thrown on the floor from the capitalists table . 
  now with cameron we 're losing even those scraps ... 
  edit : i 'll also add that this new wave progressivism is doing no favours for the left . 
  i 've always thought of myself, 
  as left wing and naturally i 'm all for lgbt rights , women 's rights ans so forth , but identity politics is taking over what the left represents , obsession with intersectionality , protecting minorities ... these are actually meant to be secondary issues . 
  the left is meant to represent the majority first and foremost , which means everyone who isnt from a wealthy family with assets out the wazoo . 
  if everyone who is poor is better off then amazingly poor minorities will be better off too . 
  the core labour voters have to pushed aside in favour of louder more hysterical voices which is why so many have turned to ukip or the snp . 
  lol there 's so many it 's hard to know where to start . 
  how about guantanamo bay ? 
  [ here 's where he actually likes the food ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oqsjrlpievw ), 
   hmm ... where have i heard this reasoning before ? 
  i do n't know, 
   oh right . 
  you are just promoting a different form of trickle-down economics where middle-class people benefit at the expense of the most vulnerable , instead of the super-rich benefiting at the expense of everybody else . 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  what you quoted was my description of what the blairites believe , not what i believe . 
  secondly more money would trickle down from the middle class than from billionaire corporations , those middle class people would spend their money with local businesses , which is better than it being taken off-shore to avoid paying tax . 
  however i do n't advocate any form of trickle down economics , i advocate a return to values of the old left , creating jobs with tax payer money , expanding welfare , nationalising industry and giving the average guy on the street a stake in their society again . 
  the left should be the people 's party , not merely the party of the minority . 
   you ca n't claim to be `` all for '' them at the same time as bemoaning how much attention they are getting . 
  if we always prioritised the majority , then minority rights would never advance at all . 
  according to whom ? 
  you ? 
  working for the majority is the definition of what a political party in a democracy should be doing . 
  you 'll actually find the majority support rights for minorities , however you ca n't win an election just supporting minorities . 
  instead of just talking about helping minority groups we should helping all poor people in the uk , which actually happens to include minority groups themselves . 
  politics should firstly be about class and not about ethnicity , gender or sexuality . 
  it 's as if the rhetoric of class analysis has been totally put to bed , and replaced with oppressed minority vs privileged majority . 
  why do n't you simply keep them in a secure unit on american soil ? 
  oh right then they have to be afforded basic human rights like a trial , not being tortured and so forth . 
  your level of delusion is unbelievable . 
  you really do believe you 're saving the world by keeping people locked up on an island where they 're forced to degrade themselves and circumventing your own legal system , fucking insane . 
  you 'd do n't have to be an american citizen to be imprisoned in america idiot . 
  you really do n't know shit do you ? 
  actually it 's against like every international law in the book to imprison someone in no man 's land . 
  you captured them therefore you have to imprison them in your country and not in legal grey area used as a loop hole to get around laws that require you to treat people with basic human dignity . 
  not that american prisons are much better with the cruel and unusual punishment that is just part of everyday life in the us prison system , not to mention your cowboy police forces and death penalties . 
  i 've already named a bunch of things , you 're just going to deny it regardless because that 's what a brainwashed nationalist moron does whenever his country is criticised . 
  so much butthurt in this thread . 
  i thought it was moderately funny . 
  i do n't know if the jokes were stolen or not because i 'm no expert in stand up . 
  if so then yeah i think a bit less of him but recycling jokes in comedy is hardly a new thing . 
  anyway , let 's not be dicks about it ? 
  lol you are n't even a good troll . 
  lol , bad things happen in poor third world countries , therefore america can do whatever it wants . 
  do you even logic ? 
  let 's have the olympics in switzerland every year because they 're way better than than the us in human rights . 
  funny how a guy with low body fat and lots of time spent building up is required to describe himself as large and lovely whilst a woman who is fat as hell with love handles spilling out of her can be a `` few extra pounds '' . 
  what a load of sexist shit . 
  if he ca n't care about his body how can he care about my fat ass !, 
  i suppose i should give credit where credit is due , the us is one of the worst first world nations for human rights violations , you happy now ? 
  you are beating various african republics and the middle east , well done . 
  just google us human rights violations the list is endless . 
  lol sure `` could n't find any '', 
  shame it closed shortly after :(, 
  well it was common in the past for plurals and verb forms to change to voiced from unvoiced , still the case for many dialects . 
  maybe the same was true of adjectives , you 'd have to as someone who knew more, 
  i really do n't understand how anyone can see white here . 
  sure the `` black '' is kinda goldish especially around the top , and that part is even more goldish when you see other photos of the dress , like a kind of dark gold felt , but white ? 
  seriously fucking white ? 
  that shit 's blue as fuck and my eyes simply wo n't allow me to see it any other way . 
  i 'm afraid if r140 , g153 , b195 is n't fucking blue what is it ? 
  it 's a hue of blue even if it is n't cardinal blue . 
  are shades in your world blue ? 
  like light blue the sky ? 
  what the fuck are blue shadows when they 're at home ? 
  sounds like jamaican to british with a long stop in the us . 
  vicar is still pronounced `` vicker '' as far as i 'm aware . 
  with `` vicariously '' but with the `` vick '' and `` veye '' pronunciations both still exist , i use the former . 
  i mean that i ca n't understand why you are able to perceive the `` blue/white '' as white with blue shades . 
  shades are the absence of light , they 're never blue in the natural world . 
  even in the photo that the op has posted in which there is far more light exposure , i still see a blue dress being bleached white by the sun . 
  if something is white and in shade it looks grey to me , but in the picture the blue it really obvious in the shaded parts .
