  if i 'm having a hot dog i 'll still make it with lincolnshire 's finest . 
  in my experience little kid prodigies tend to be very strong with big tricks like flips and spins , however this is a lot to do with their size and weight . 
  when they get bigger and heavier they struggle with pulling off the same stuff since it actually requires you go bigger to pull them off . 
  what i mean by this is there 's a fair few prepubescent kids landing 900s these days , but if you look they 're only doing it 5ft above the coping of the half pipe . 
  in order to make a fully grown adult body do the same shit would probably require twice the clearance . 
  more weight means more momentum which means harder falls too . 
  these kids tend to need to work on their technical skills to a large extent before they 'll get sponsored and be able to go pro , because literally on the people who are considered at the top of the sport and pushing the boundaries are worth paying to ride/skate . 
  do n't really have many stop signs in the uk , they 're not common . 
  i was more referencing the fact that in the us a `` rolling stop '' can get you ticketed . 
  what i do n't understand is the obsession with coming to a complete stop . 
  i 've heard of cameras that will check to see if your wheels stop moving . 
  instead of stop signs it should be a sign saying caution blindspot or give way or something , you can still be extra careful at junction while rolling forward at 0.5 mph . 
  there are stop signs in the uk , but it 's more a warning to be extra careful , while in the us i 've heard of being ticketed for rolling stops no matter how safe the manoeuvre was . 
  i 've barely ever driven an automatic . 
  each to their own . 
  driving manual is so normal for me it would be weird to drive an automatic . 
  you should n't roll back if you know how to drive !, 
  i do n't think it 's worth learning to drive an automatic if you can drive manual , it really does n't take much to learn , although people should be told to keep their left foot on the floor . 
  a common problem in the uk with rental cars is that they 'd often be automatic since some people ca n't drive manual but everyone can drive automatic it just makes sense for rental companies to buy automatics . 
  people rent them never having driven automatics and wear the brakes like crazy because they 're using both feet and overlapping acceleration and braking slightly absolutely destroying the brakes . 
  i understand it . 
  however in many countries a rolling stop , provided it gives adequate times for you to give way , is n't going to get you in trouble . 
  getting ticketed for it is impossible since nobody cares so long as you 're being safe . 
  the point is to be safe , not meticulously follow the rule to the letter , or at least not to punish people simply because they did n't follow the rule to the letter when they were n't being dangerous . 
  if they were driving dangerously then then they deserve a fine . 
  apparently the uk and some commonwealth countries have very few stop signs because they 're only permitted as junctions with extremely reduced visibility . 
  they are not allowed at ordinary junctions and are never used as merely a traffic calming or organising measure . 
  to me it just seems rather silly to punish people for doing at a rolling stop at 3am in the morning . 
  seems like putting the rules before common sense . 
  maybe you disagree , but you do come from a country where people wait at the red man even when it 's clear . 
  that 's true , and i have no problem with that . 
  if the junction warrants a stop sign it warrants a stop sign . 
  i just think it 's rather authoritarian to focus on whether someone 's wheels stopped moving and even check that with a camera , rather than just ticketing people when they 've behaved dangerously . 
  ca n't stand that `` rules are rules '' mentality that some people have . 
  saying something like that is such a typical american idiot response . 
  buggery joke !, 
  man that 's dumb . 
  the average armed response time in the uk is 10 minutes . 
  in inner cities it 's more like 3 minutes or something . 
  i mean they have helicopters for fuck 's sake . 
  and yet we have less dead cops than you . 
  also lol at `` basic right '' . 
  i suppose i have a basic right to a tank and a jet fighter too . 
  violent crime in the uk is much lower than the us . 
  no , here are the facts, 
   while it becomes clear that certain types of offenses are marginally higher in the uk than in the us ( robbery and knife crime being more likely in the uk by an order of 1.1 x and 1.27 x respectively ) a number of other , more serious offenses , are both marginally and substantially higher in the us . 
  rape of a female is 1.02 x more likely in the us , while theft of a vehicle is 1.29 x more likely . 
  more disturbingly , burglary is significantly higher at 1.52 x more likely to occur in the us . 
  however , it is at the considerably more , well , violent crimes that america really supersedes england and wales into its own class . 
  in the united states , you are 6.9 x more likely to be the victim of aggravated assault resulting in serious injury than in the uk . 
  you are 4.03 x more likely to be murdered than in the uk . 
  and more staggeringly ( though not surprising ) you are 35.2 x more likely to be shot dead in the unites states than in the uk . 
  before anybody asks , no , these do not take into account justifiable homicide and other `` acceptable shootings '' , nor do murders for that matter . 
   as for less cops dead , that 's probably because in comparison our nation is much larger , has a much less homogeneous community , and has a higher degree of freedom . 
  sorry to say , but with freedom comes responsibility and unfortunately not everyone in america is civilized or well adjusted meaning abuse of the system happens which leads to danger and death , aka natural risks that come with freedom . 
  lol . 
  what are these freedom ? 
  freedom to stop resisting ? 
  freedom to have your property seized without reason ? 
  freedom to be drug tested in school and work ? 
  more people ? 
  have n't you heard of per capita ? 
  it 's cute how you try to present your barbarity as superiority . 
  are you fucking stupid son ? 
  all the statistics there are adjusted per capita . 
  do you really think people do statistical crime analyses looking at anything but the rate of crime rather than the net ... 
  117 police were killed in the us last year . 
  how many in the uk ... none . 
  you are n't free to not be an american citizen any more than i am free to not be a british citizen ( and it is citizen and has been for decades now ) . 
  you can only renounce citizenship if you have an alternative , it 's international law . 
  both the us and uk allow you to renounce citizenship , although i hear the us makes you go through an especially embarrassing process . 
  if you want to renounce your citizenship from a different country that entirely depends on your home country . 
  furthermore , unlike me , you 're not free to not pay tax in your home country while living abroad . 
  i really do n't think the american police can say shit about detaining people and questioning them , take a look at the thousands of `` am i being detained ? '', 
  videos on youtube . 
  you may be free to make hate speech against minorities and not be charged for it but you 're not free to swear on public television which is funny . 
  the only freedom that seems to be relevant is the freedom to own automatic , semi-automatic and handheld weapons , which is a freedom british people do n't want since for every million americans 4 times more will be murdered than for every million britons . 
  english !, 
  the clue is in the name !, 
  that was a well poured ma\u00df, 
  that strap-on looks evil . 
  pointy and ribbed ? 
  looks like a one way ticket to a perforated colon . 
  it 's not like it is n't really easy to get weed in the uk . 
  since the 90s weed has become progressively easier to obtain and more widely used , the police rarely bother charging someone with possession of small quantities . 
  the spice is affecting the most vulnerable . 
  homeless people turn to it because it offers a harder hitting high than weed , a greater level of escapism , and because it simply offers a lot more bang for your buck . 
  for 10 pounds you can be out your head all day on spice , while in that will only get you between a 1 and 1.5 grams of weed in the uk at the average prices and the effect is less intense . 
  even with a medium tolerance a gram of weed does n't go very far , and for high tolerance users that can be smoked in just a couple of spliffs . 
  it 's easier to obtain of course , although the homeless have no trouble getting hold of illegal drugs it 's still a factor . 
  another group that seems to be using it heavily are ex-cons on probation . 
  since they might be in a situation where they 'll automatically go to jail if they get caught doing anything illegal . 
  yeah that would be the maximum sentence . 
  in reality he 'll be getting a few months suspended sentence and a fine ... 
  there 's no american accents in game of thrones . 
  the closest is tyrion 's slightly butchered imitation british accent which occasionally slips to somewhere in the middle of the atlantic ocean . 
  the commoners have regional british accents while the aristocrats speak bbc english . 
  but you said american ? 
  latvia jokes happened, 
  haha i dont think weed can be too easy to obtain .
