  but the vestibule 's comfy for tea, 
  and howard is riding on horseback, 
  so do come and take some with me, 
   now here is a fork for your pastries, 
  and do use the couch for your feet ;, 
  i know that i wanted to ask you -, 
  is trifle sufficient for sweet ? 
   milk and then just as it comes dear ? 
  i 'm afraid the preserve 's full of stones ;, 
  beg pardon , i 'm soiling the doileys, 
  with afternoon tea-cakes and scones . 
  list of mistakes : 1 . 
  phone instead of telephone or ring 2 . 
  norman , horrible name 3 . 
  refers to the servant as `` cook '' , this was bad taste and usually a sign that someone did n't have much staff since it assume there is only one `` cook '' , real aristos would use the surname e.g `` mrs pattismore '' since everyone might not know which cook was being referred to . 
  kiddies instead of `` the children '' 5 . 
  serviettes instead of napkin , unnecessarily fancy / francophone 6 . daintly served just sounds horrible 7 . 
  requisites as a euphemism for toiletries 8 . 
  toilet instead of loo or lavatory , considered pretentious 9 . 
  frills around cutlets was a traditionally french thing and considered unnecessarily excessive by british society . 
  `` the girl '' again the wrong way to address a servant , demeaning , it also suggests they are poor and do n't have many servants because the `` girl '' is n't a proper role in a house , it would probably be a multi purpose servant who helped out with a variety of things instead of having one role e.g housekeeper , lady 's maid , house maid '' and so on . 
  younger less experienced staff would probably be called by their first names e.g `` sally '' until they were old enough to hold more respect . 
  `` cruets '' is pretentious , salt and pepper would do 12 . 
  switch on the logs , electric fire , naff 13 . 
  `` ever so close '' is again pretentious , stuffy would be a normal word to use 14 . 
  `` lounge '' wrong word , hotel 's have lounges , people have sitting / drawing rooms 15 . 
  `` riding on horseback '' , horseback riding is an americanism , british people traditionally just say riding with no need for specification , specifying horse made one look common as if they 'd grown up without being acquainted with horses , that you might even confuse `` riding '' with bicycle riding or something 17 . 
  `` take some tea '' , this was out of fashion by this time , `` have some tea '' would be fine . 
  pastry fork , considered an affectation , pastries can be eaten with fingers 19 . 
  couch instead of sofa 20 . 
  trifle , considered a poor persons pudding 21 . sufficient , trying to sound too fancy , `` enough '' would be fine 22 . 
  `` sweet '' instead of pudding , very bad taste 23 . 
  `` milk '' putting the milk in first when making tea considered wrong 24 . 
  `` preserve '' considered an affectation , it 's called jam 25 . 
  `` scones '' here rhymes with `` stones '' , the aristocratic way was to pronounce it to rhyme with `` gone '' . 
  i 'm sure i 've missed some haha, 
  edit : what i missed - 26 . 
  fish knives are inherently middle class , before the days of stainless steal fish would cause steel knives to be discoloured . 
  the solution was to buy a special set of silver fish knives for fish only . 
  however the upper classes only used silver knives anyway so they never needed to buy special knives for fish and would just use starter knives . 
  apparently the names norman and howard were considered grasping middle class names because they were trying to sound more noble , a bit like names like tarquin these days 28 . 
  cruet 's should n't be left on the table in those days because you 'd have your servant deal with it . 
  you do n't serve food in your own home , restaurants serve food , you invite someone for dinner 30 . 
  pastries were a morning food , tea would have crumpets or cake 31 . 
  not only is she wrong saying couch instead of sofa , she 's also using the term incorrectly because you should never put your feet on the sofa , she means something like a footstool or a pouffe 32 . 
  `` beg pardon '' this is considered something only said by social inferiors , it 's too submissive , `` excuse me '' or `` sorry '' or nothing at all would be better 33 . 
  soiling , instead of dirtying , pretentious euphemism , also soiling sounds faecal 34 . 
  doilies are horribly middle class 35 . 
  `` afternoon tea '' is a faux pas , the only tea the upper classes had was afternoon tea , so no need to specify , needing to separate afternoon tea from high tea showed you were the kind of person who might have `` high tea '' , a working class term for dinner . 
  dinner should also be referred to as supper except when it 's a fancy evening with guests . 
  iluminutty confarmed, 
  literally everyone in the uk says neesh , you 'd be the one judged for saying nitch like an ill educated american . 
  that 's kind of bullshit . 
  the theory was that the celts had come to britain and ireland from places like spain and stuff . 
  it was n't trying to make them `` inferior '' . 
  there were definitely some attempts to differentiate the celts/britons and the anglo-saxon-jute , one of these ways to explain the differences was that celts shared more in common with the southern europeans than the germanic group . 
  whether this was motivated out of discrimination or not is n't clear . 
  however people did actually believe it , it was n't an attempt to claim superiority , even if attempts to use it as such lent it greater credence and longevity as a theory than it deserved . 
  no , it 's not that . 
  those areas are celtic , both bythronic and gaelic , they considered them to be mediterranean type . 
  the romans barely bred with the local populations , since they were just uneducated pagans to them , good only as slaves . 
  of course there was was some breeding but nothing that would massively alter the make up of the uk . 
  meh do we even know if this person is overweight ? 
  furthermore do we know they 'll eat them all in one sitting ? 
  they have 3 drinks ffs , they could just be showing off the nice snacks they were able to stock up on at a 5k they went to . 
  this sub is turning into a bit of a cult , reading fat logic into everything imo . 
  i subbed to laugh at the shit really fat people say to justify it , not at people who have moderately incorrect beliefs about nutrition and consequently have a slightly high bmi . 
  honestly i could n't , for example , give a shit if that ever so slightly chubby girl thinks drinking more water will make her lose weight . 
  yeah i was being a bit hyperbolic , but ultimately i sometimes wonder what people 's motives are on this sub . 
  i think it 's good to point out `` fat logic '' , fat people doing everything to convince themselves of falsehoods rather than face their issue . 
  however i do n't like it when people seem to pick on ordinary folk for simply having incorrect beliefs about how nutrition and exercise work . 
  i makes me wonder how many people on here are actually health nuts wanting to feel superior , or bitter ex-fatties wanting to feel superior . 
  like you said , we do n't know if this person needs to lose weight , or whether they really believe a 5k would cancel out those calories , for all we know this person could run marathons as well . 
  furthermore whoever they are they 're the kind of person who would participate in a 5k , even if they are dangerously overweight and walked the whole thing panting and sweating , it still shows they have some degree of health and weight consciousness , does n't seem like the kind of person who is really using `` fat logic '' , at best `` nutritional ignorance logic , certainly not the kind of person who should be showcased here when compared to real `` fat logicers '' . 
  this makes me think some people have strange motives for posting here ... 
  that 's not even correct . 
  funny how a country that often claims to be the only one not defined by shared ethnicity as if that were a boast seems to secretly desperately wish it were , as if the a united states without the white man 's burden would produce a master race . 
  a bit like how an america without the burden of american sports would be uncontended champion of the world . 
  that 's got to be the shittest attempt at phonetics i 've ever seen . 
  dew and do are literally homophones in many dialects . 
  when they 're not homophones dew is pronounced nothing like do and nothing like how he pronounces the word in this video . 
  you 've literally just spelt something wrong to give impression of an accent , despite that misspelling actually not having any influence on how the sentence is pronounced . 
  you 're a moron . 
  nah , he was being a cunt . 
  every time there 's a thread with some accent other than generic american every cunt wants to chime in with their bastardised phonetic version which of course looks nothing like how someone else would write it , given that everyone has different accents . 
  that 's bad enough , but this one does n't make sense . 
  there are many ways `` dew '' is pronounced , for some it rhymes with `` do '' , for some it rhymes with `` jew '' , for some it 's dyew and others it 's dee-uuu , none of which reflect this guys accent . 
  people need to realise that they 're just showing the extent of their ignorance when they try to write an accent phonetically , because it shows they naively believe that the sounds they associate with certain letters or clusters of letters is cardinal . 
  they and they alone know what `` do '' sounds like and therefore what this guy says must be better represented by writing something else , a retarded assumption , but even more retarded when there 's no phonetic difference for many people between the two words . 
  it 's like hearing someone say `` phone '' in an unusual accent and transcribing it as `` fone '' , it literally contributes nothing , phone and fone are pronounced the same ... 
  this is my favourite story like this . 
  the legend of the [ the machine ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8patfsjy5q0 ), 
  `` little swedeners '' , but yes there is a difference between relatively well off somewhat educated modern provincial types who do n't see the world beyond their hometown and red necks/hill billies who are literally living as their grandparents did . 
  as sad as it is , one thing i really like to do is plot short stories based around small insignificant characters from the harry potter books , and those characters that are alluded to but do n't actually feature . 
  i rarely write them down but just try to imagine the narrative from their perspective . 
  for example , pettigrew 's mother is mentioned in the books more than once , how she received the first order of merlin on her son 's behalf after the incident with the dead muggles where he faked his death . 
  i like to imagine her as a bitter ex-belle with a somewhat messed up view on life . 
  she was very attractive as a teenager , born to a wizarding family , but a bit naive , being strung along by older guys to took advantage of her naivety , letting her believe she was their princess when really she was being used . 
  after her first and only real heartbreak in her 20s , an affair with an older married wizard who got cold feet and returned to his family when she wanted him to tell his wife about their affair , she was left pregnant and alone . 
  this is when she ensnared `` mr pettigrew '' , a muggle known for being not too bright into marrying her and looking after the baby .
