  we grow up hearing american accents in cartoons and stuff , so it 's not such a big deal when someone has one . 
  sadly i think the few american accents that sound nice to british people , such as refined southern aristocratic speech , and educated east coast , are slowly dying out and being replaced with the generic fox news reporter voice . 
  which church ? 
  at school i was taught anglican ecclesiastical latin pronunciation ( for singing ) alongside standard british academic latin pronunciation ( for reciting ) . 
  i 've completely forgotten the differences , but i think anglican ecclesiastical latin differs from what the priests in the catholic church on the other side of the town used . 
  reconstructive latin was n't even on the radar during my school days , however the latin teachers were far less fussy about pronunciation than the choir master was . 
  yeah , i just meant that if you mean `` danes '' as in from denmark , the angles could count as danish . 
  if you mean `` danes '' as in from the tribe of the danes , then it 's clear what you mean . 
  i know nothing about the etymology of the word danelaw , so i do n't if it means law of the danes ( the tribe ) or law from denmark ( the geographical area ) . 
  my other point was that tribes are defined as west or north germanic on account of the languages they spoke , and not directly on account of their geography ( although obviously their language families ' names pertain to the geographical area where those language families ' speakers tended to be distributed ), 
  no you could n't . 
  go to the basque region , people there look more celtic than the typical spanish person . 
  across the whole population blondes are rare , but there are plenty of fair skinned people with brown hair and eyes that would distinguishable from a german who had brown hair and eyes . 
  that 's why it 's impossible to distinguish two people , because you do n't know if what you 're seeing is representative of the country that person is from , or if they 're an outlier . 
  also many stereotypes we hold about different nationalities are inaccurate , for example , we talk about blond haired blue eyed germans but not blonde haired blue eyes finns , although the latter would be more accurate . 
  there 's nothing about the way spanish people look that marks them as `` spanish '' , the image more people have of spanish people , which is closer to something like mexican , is an inaccurate stereotype , exaggerated by the fact that people tend to holiday in places on the very south coast where moorish influence is present . 
  what you 're saying is kind of changing the rules too . 
  my point was that if you take 1 person of each nationality and put them next to each other , you wo n't be able to tell which is which with any real accuracy . 
  naturally , if you keep being shown pairs of people , and when they 're blonde and blue eyed you guess scandinavia , and when they 're brown haired and brown eyed you guess spain , obviously you 'll be right more often than you wo n't , but you 'll make some mistakes . 
  my point however was that if you take 100 people , and each show them one pair , and asked which was northern european and which was southern european , you 'll find that they are n't very accurate in their guesses , because wo n't be able to go on averages . 
  all i 'm saying is that while people across europe look different on average , due to the mixed distribution of genetic features , telling if an individual 's nationality other than vaguely `` european '' can be very difficult . 
  if you compared two crowds of people you 'd have a far better chance of guessing the correction nationality than just looking at individuals . 
  honestly , you do n't get to become an astronaut if you do n't want to go to space . 
  when they train them i doubt they say `` yeah , just do one trip and then we 're good '' . 
  this is n't space tourism . 
  they only invest those millions on training people if they 're pretty certain they 'll get decent working life out of them . 
  they even psychologically screen them so they can be more certain how they 'll react to the experience . 
  that said , i 'm sure russian cosmonauts are n't forced to go up to space if they really do n't want to . 
  if they really did n't want to go they would n't be fit for the job , nobody wants an unwilling astronaut in charge of hundreds of millions of dollars worth of equipment . 
  i mean it 's easy to portray russia as being coercive and lacking freedom , but even russians have respect for people who 've served their country by going to space . 
  they 're not going to force them to do stuff against their will . 
  5 separate flights in a lifetime is a lot by anyone 's standards , it has a physical toll on the body every time . 
  most likely he keeps going back both because he quite likes going to space and also because they sweeten the deal with money and accolades every time . 
  interesting accent . 
  anglo-australian , but with a few strange touches . 
  yeah , but when people say stuff like , i 'm passionate because my grandma was italian you know it 's pure bullshit . 
  comparing them sequentially you 'll get more right than you get wrong . 
  however if you compared a picture showing crowd of 100 vs a picture showing another crowd of 100 you 'd probably get it right the vast majority of the time . 
  however , if you just have a single pair of people to compare you could easily get it wrong a large amount of the time . 
   i feel that ideologically , this concept might be bumping up against either your nationalistic sensitivities , or some sort of wish for a multicultural world where everyone is the same ? 
  and i feel like you have some ideological stake in exaggerating the differences as some cultures , especially american culture , with its focus on heritage and further back its legacy of discrimination on the basis of nationality , tend to . 
  yes it 's bullshit . 
  you think you mother is passive because you think she 's scandinavian and you think scandinavian people are passive . 
  at very least it just happens thats she is merely incidentally passive and happens to be scandinavian . 
  by the 2nd generation of immigrants the cultural influence of the place of emmigration from is so weak as to not matter at all . 
  there 's certainly no ethnic explanation of temperament or disposition . 
  so yes it 's bullshit . 
  bilingualism was massively common in history , so you 're wrong there i 'm afraid . 
  to think that there was n't interbreeding is crazy . 
  if you lived near a border back then you were likely to speak both languages no problem . 
  it 's a mistake to think that bilingualism belonged only to the rich and educated , a product of the modern era where that is often the case . 
  people forget you can be fluent in two languages and illiterate in both of them . 
  if you can improve you chances of survival learning a second language people would do it . 
  hell , there was a time when england was considered a nation of linguists , trading languages with others in ports across europe ( do you think the brothels of the european ports had contraception in those days ? ) . 
  up until about ww2 french farmers would cross the channel to trade their produce with the farmers and merchants along the south coast , bartering in broken french and english . 
  americans look at europe 's history and only see conflicts drawn along national lines and think europe was set of separate blocs , without seeing how sprawling it was . 
  hell , it 's not like there were customs check points in those days , it was a big mess blurring into itself not a set of isolated islands . 
  due the dialects of those days people in the south west of france could communicate better with the people in north east spain than they could with people in paris . 
  people in bavaria communicated with bohemians while those in lower saxony low german that was mutually intelligible with dutch . 
  europe was a melting pot , one that existed well before nation states as we know them even existed , and americans are n't special or different simply because they have a hodge podge of european national heritages , all ethnic europeans do . 
  that 's just a load of crap . 
  people spoke each others languages so they could trade and survive . 
  it 's literally impossible to tell an english and german person apart . 
  italians can be a bit darker , but partially on account of the weather . 
  you 're full of shit my friend . 
  the biggest influence influence outside anglosaxon is celtic , and places with a high number of celtic people also tend to have a high rater of blue/green eyes . 
  that 's why the blue eye count is so high in the uk , whereas the blond hair count is lower than germany . 
  to be fair that site is really good for foreigners . 
  wish they had it for other languages . 
  i live in germany , am english , nobody can tell who 's english until they open their mouths . 
  not at all . 
  nothing to do with ayran . 
  my point is merely that all these features occur in all european people , while i have no prefer for any . 
  i talked about moorish influence because many people image of a spanish person is based on the most north african looking spaniard , this stereotype goes so far as to many americans assuming spanish people are a different race , calling them hispanic or latino or whatever , when that 's complete nonsense and just contributes to racism . 
  what the fuck is your point ? 
  my point was merely that people in european are physically or psychologically defined by the nationality , because many people exaggerate the characteristics with nations , saying dumb things like `` he looked french '' . 
  my point is also that europeans are indeed genetically mixed up just as every other part of the world is . 
  i did n't claim that there was some kind of clear demarcation between european and non-european , nor did i claim that europeans have some kind of patent on genetic diversity . 
  culture does n't disappear , but the culture they are in is then minnesotan , which has diverged from `` scandinavian culture '' drastically , being influence by the country its in , the us . 
  not to mention the fact that there 's really no such thing as `` scandinavian culture '' , just commonalities between the different cultures within the different parts of scandinavia . 
  if minnesotans tend to be more reserved in their behaviour it 's because minnesotans are more reserved , not because your great granny was born in helsinki or because you still eat herring at family get togethers . 
  sure , you could argue that the minnesotan culture is the way it is because throughout history a large number of the settlers were from scandinavia , but that 's a totally different thing than claiming that you personally have x or y attribute because of your genetics or because your family passed down the culture , when really it you behave that way because on average many people in your entire community do . 
  do n't you think the seventh also sucked ? 
  lets split the last book into two !, 
  in in the first one they can spend half the film wondering around the british countryside in tents getting slowly more fed up with each other and we can add a weird scene for the shippers where harry and hermione dance . 
  this question does n't really make sense , mainly because there is no counter factual to point to and say this is a `` greatly diverged '' dialect and this is `` less diverged '' dialect of english . 
  there 's no way to look at what the australian dialect would sound like had there not been x or y influence , nor do we have the ability to make many meaningful comparisons with other dialects of english . 
  even trying to quantify a dialect in terms of divergence from a source is very difficult . 
  not simply because there is no way to weigh different phonetic changes in terms of their severity , but also because no divergent colonial dialect was formed from a specific dialect of english . 
  that 's to say that the settlers of australian did n't all arrive speaking the same way , many were cockney but many were also irish , lancastrian , scottish , and so forth , and each would 've brought their own dialects with them . 
  these people did n't arrive at the same time either , so you would 've had influx of certain speech patterns at different point in that nations history, 
  what we can say is that there are factors in increasing and decreasing the pace of linguistic drift . 
  for example , if australia had been settled by large population of non-english native speakers , that might have impacted the way english is spoken in the country , as we see in south african english with influence from afrikaans . 
  also , the degree to which a community is cut off from former community of speakers to which it once belonged is a factor in how readily divergence can occur . 
  if a community only speaks amongst itself without encountering those modes of speech its diverging from then it can diverge more quickly . 
  obviously modern technology has reduced the degree to which people are cut off from each other generally , everything from faster ships , to aeroplanes , to phones , to the internet have played a roll in this . 
  the size of the population of speakers can also be a factor , if the number speakers in a new community , separated from the old , is more numerous than the former , it 's liable to become more confident in its own dialect and take a less conservative attitude to language generally . 
  however , size can also be a factor in how isolated a community is , a small community is likely to be off less interest to a former community of speakers , and there is less likely to be interacted with at such a large scale . 
  finally time is a factor , the longer a community of speakers is separated from another , the more time there is from divergence to occur , and even if other factors mean divergence occurs slowly , under normal circumstances it will increase with time . 
  so looking at all these general factors in linguistic divergence , we might be able to hazard a guess at why the australian accent has n't diverged more from other english speaking communities .
