  who on earth told you that ? 
  victorian english was n't massively different from modern british rp . 
  it was during the victorian time that the non-rhotic british accent came into style . 
  boston english is simply an american english type that was more influenced by the british english of the 19th century , owing to trade and immigration between the areas , while other dialects bear a closer to resemblance to the english of the 18th century . 
  in fact if you hear a bostin brahmin accent it sounds transatlantic and could be mistaken for a british accent without listening carefully . 
  bit like the bloody british columbians if they were really british they 'd be in britain god damn them !, 
  i remember this classic , used to watch it obsessively , especially rachard johnson 's section . 
  about as much of a problem as most far right european groups then ? 
  the funny thing is the parties that the american media label as far right in europe are no further right than your republican party . 
  what people identify as is pretty much irrelevant . 
  you ca n't claim to be more diverse just because a group in american identifies differently whilst that same group in europe does n't . 
  otherwise if in europe if people of slavic origin suddenly stopped identifying as white europe would suddenly become a lot more diverse . 
  the only difference is that people in spanish south american colonies have suffered prejudice from the northern europeans in america , so want to distinguish themselves , while the hispanic peoples in europe have not , and therefore do n't . 
  i 've just got back into skating after a 12 year gap just as something to do and owing to the fact i now live next door to a skatepark . 
  i know i added the 50/50 frames as i wore through my old ones as a kid . 
  as you can see they 're pretty shit up . 
  am i right in thinking it would be impossible to buy parts for these now , salomon do n't make skates any more right ? 
  the boot 's ok but the soul plate on the right is worn to fuck ( it 's virtually all gone and the screw in it are just smooth ) . 
  obviously i could buy new frames , wheels and bearing and just go from there but i might as well buy a new skate without the soulplate , which is a shame because i loved these skates , so much so that i kept them for 12 years without using them . 
  i 've also got some really old razor cults but they 're probably equally shit up . 
  anyone got any recommendation what to replace with and where to buy in europe ? 
  i 'm a dumbass . 
  i just [ found this ] ( http://i.imgur.com/5jqa0xg.jpg ) on them . 
  so they are feinbergs . 
  sadly i think these are dead : /, 
  ah ok thanks , i 'll certainly check it out . 
  check my other pics elsewhere in the thread if you wana see the damage !, 
  just checked , heel pads are good as new . 
  no ideas about how to go about modifying them to accept new soul plate , hell i 've no idea how i 'm even going to dissemble given how worn the bolts are , but i could make it into a project . 
  which soulplate would you recommend if i were to try modding them ? 
  as far as i can see i just need to strip some plastic off the bottom of the boot to flatten it out . 
  would probably go for new everything if i do it , but yeah i could keep the frames for a bit longer provided i got new bolts in . 
  i was in that advice animals thread , i did n't post it here because i was already participating in it , but it was absolute shitshow and full of gems about european hegemony and `` europoors r all racist cos banana throwing '' . 
  i think i 'm going try to fit some white usd carbons . 
  i just wondering where to get the replacement bolts from . 
  no where did i say you 're american , and what bullshit comparisons . 
  no , a 1000 year tradition does make something objectively better . 
  i dont care if you dont like german beer and finally take your bad beer thay was invented 20 years ago and shove it , it 's a complete fallacy to say just because i dont like hipster craft beer i havent had it enough . 
  north americans are literally delusional about beer . 
  none i 've tried , does n't mean i have n't sampled a fair bit of it , that 's his presumption on the basis of his belief that american beers are so good that they only reason one might on the whole not like them is simply not having tried a decent quantity . 
  as far as i see it it 's like old world and new world wine . 
  yes some new world wines are good , but many are complete swill , which is fine until some jumped up californian prick starts trying to lecture the french masters on what 's what . 
  you 're just so angry because your have to drink inferior beer . 
  yes clearly culinary stuff is comparable to medicine , you probably think america has better pizza and pasta than italy too because they do n't use traditional methods . 
  as i said before nowhere did i say you 're american , i assume you 're canadian from what you 've said so far . 
  which means you drink `` north american '' beer , which is what i said , notice i qualified the continent not the country . 
  fyi i 've tried a decent quantity of american beer , and guess what i mostly found it lacking , your assumption that the only way anyone could not like american beer is because they have n't had enough of it and therefore their opinion is worthless , is actually the height of arrogance . 
  what if it 's you who is wrong ? 
  as i said before to the other poster being serious now , i likened na beer to na wine , yes sometimes you will get very good wines from the california valley , but the notion that americans can talking shit about european wine , claim to have more diversity of wine , act like they 've invented quality wine when they 've only recently jumped on the bandwagon is just laughable , as are your original claims . 
  i 'm sampling a new one every 3.8 seconds . 
  60 x 60 x 24 x 365 = 31.536.000 seconds in a year , therefore 8.298.947 beers a year , therefore 4.149.473,68 in 6 months . 
  alternatively , grow up this is n't a dick waving contest . 
  why , because you want to make this into a beer knowledge competition ? 
  when this trend of order is going to end around the swapping of words . 
  k m8 . 
  jealousy and racism permeates north america, 
  that 's the most retarded statement i 've read to today . 
  k m8, 
  no that 's not what i 'm saying . 
  the way these hood guys always fight is just a punching match , which means they get hit in the face a lot . 
  most of the other fights i see neither party wants to get punched in the face so there is a lot more keeping distance or getting in close . 
  so many of these hood fights i see each person just stands at optimal punching distance until on or the other gets knocked out . 
  i dunno , i wondered if it was like an image or something , like if you keep distance you 're a pussy or something . 
  in case anyone is still reading this , i 've decided to invest in some new skates . 
  usd usf 2014 model . 
  however thanks for all the support . 
  sadly i worked out it would be almost as expensive to fix these up as it would be just to buy a new pair , plus the fact i have no way to access any tools right now . 
  however i 'm going to keep these safe and when i 'm back somewhere with some tools and time i 'm going to fix them up with some carbon soulplates , and new frames , bearings , wheels etc. 
  then i might sell my usds for a fast buck ( euro ) if i 'm longing to get back into these . 
  oh and i choose the usds because i always wanted some as a teenager despite already having these salomons and a pair of razor cults . 
  if i were richer i 'd have bought the classics but i 'm on a budget . 
  i know the guide recommends the cults as a budget skate but since i 've already a pair i ca n't do the same shit twice . 
  thanks all . 
  i 'll never understand why people think it 's unclean to bathe without showering/washing first . 
  i read that according to scientific tests a bath is still cleaner than a shower . 
  i mean unless you 've been rolling around in shit , the stuff that comes off you in the bath is suspended in parts to the thousand . 
  making you 99.9 % cleaner just is n't enough any more ? 
  call me a traditionalist but i was raised to believe that the bath is a functional cleaning feature and alternative to the shower , not a recreational device , although it can be used for that too . 
  all my family would bathe daily , and the shower was just for when you were in a rush , it was n't until i was older that i found out that this is n't the norm for everyone . 
  rip headphone users, 
  you only had to follow the hippo cj !, 
  by force !, 
  he said `` air '' , what you say is `` errrrr '', 
  let 's face it , we 've succeeded as a nation by flagrantly ripping off whichever aspect of culture took our fancy . 
  tea ? 
  thanks china . 
  curry ? 
  thanks india . 
  whiskey ? 
  thanks scotland . 
  wine ? 
  thanks france . 
  words ? 
  thanks virtually every country in europe + the countries we colonised . 
  this is so typically american , you 're already way too optimistic about your divisions i 'm afraid , you 've made oregon sunny for a start . 
  we need to add more caffine to the tea it seems . 
  well that , and the industrial revolution and a highly militant population i suppose . 
  responsible drug use is in combination with those things if you ask me . 
  i 've never enjoyed drugs more than when i have n't been taking them for a long time and combined them with real activity , and never enjoyed them less than when i 've been overusing inappropriately . 
  one that was affordable to the average home video maker around 2001 i imagine .
