  it 's nothing to do with recognising it , it 's simply that the normal meaning of law is something that is enforced by a higher power which nobody can question . 
  if the eu really were what you think then when the uk wrote statutes that did n't comply with the eu then the eu would come in and change those laws , instead all they can do is remove carrots , they have no stick . 
   the only way the uk parliament can legislate on eu migration is to completely leave the eu . 
  no , it could do it tomorrow if it wanted , it would just suffer whatever sanctions the eu was able to give by removing its privileges as an eu member state . 
  it has literally no real authority , the authority of eu legislation is derived from parliament , parliament 's authority is not derived from the eu . 
  you clearly know nothing about this complex relationship but for some reason feel qualified anyway , i guess that 's the fear of any kind of expert knowledge coming into play . 
  no , that is completely wrong . 
  they could simply sign laws into parliament tomorrow that limited the number of eu migrants coming into the country and removed all eu legislation from british law . 
  the eu could n't do jackshit to stop them except take away their eu member state privileges and boot them out the eu . 
  doing so would be stupid , of course , because it would most like wreak havoc with the uk economy and turn relations with the continent to the worst they 've been since ww2 , but it 's entirely within parliaments power as a sovereign government to do so . 
  leaving the eu formally at least allows for a proper split , and is clearly the best way to do it , but it 's not somehow a legal necessity for parliament to have freedom over its own laws . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  you clearly do not understand the difference . 
  eu laws derive their authority from the british parliament , how can the uk `` break eu laws '' if they are its own laws . 
  all the uk government has to do is change the law and it wo n't be breaking any laws that apply to it . 
  the concept of national sovereignty depends on enforcement and not on simple the fact there exists things called `` laws '' . 
  when a country is the ultimate authority on what happens within its borders , it is called sovereign . 
  the uk has and always will have control over its own borders unless it enters into some kind of federalised power structure , the eu is not a power structure of this sort . 
  being part of the eu makes the uk no less sovereign than being part of nato or the un does . 
  the only real difference is that uk benefits a lot more the eu agreements than those other agreements , at least in a more concrete sense , and therefore if the eu ceases to go along with the obligations those eu agreements and therefore loses some of those benefits , then the ramifications are more severe . 
  none of this implies the uk was anything else the sovereign , leaving the eu and losing our freedom of trade in europe is no different from leaving nato and losing the immediate assistance of nato members if we happen to get invaded . 
   these developments do not fundamentally undermine the principle of parliamentary sovereignty , since , in theory at least , parliament could repeal any of the laws implementing these changes . 
  did you even read what you linked ? 
  it 's literally saying what i 've been telling you . 
  the uk does not have to leave the eu before parliament can exercise it 's sovereignty , the eu has no power whatsoever to stop the uk parliament passing any law it wants at any time . 
  what you are essentially saying is that the uk parliament needs the consent of the eu before it 's free to legislate as it pleases , which is totally wrong , to suggest that is to suggest that the uk parliaments authority depends on the eu , is the exactly what it means for a nation not to be sovereign . 
  the geopolitical and economic shitstorm that would occur if the uk did just repeal the eu law tomorrow means it 's worth formally leaving the eu , but legally there 's absolutely no problem with it whatsoever . 
  you 're a fucking moron mate . 
  how many degree level courses on british constitution have you studied ? 
  i 'm actually trying to help you by explaining to you how the concept of sovereignty works , but you 're burying your head in the sand like a bloody idiot . 
  a quick google will confirm what i 've told you . 
  stop being so pig-ignorant and try a quick google . 
  it 's not my logic , it 's the logic of the fucking entire academic world . 
  sovereignty is literally defined by who is the highest power in an area . 
  the uk is the highest power in the uk . 
  it can repeal any law at any time , including the european communities act 1972 from which eu legislation gains influence in the uk . 
  the uk government can devolve power to a local government , like the welsh parliament , or it can pool power with other sovereign nations through international agreements , as it has with the eu . 
  none of this means the uk is not sovereign , and none of it means the eu has the power to impact anything in britain without the consent of the uk government . 
  all that matters with sovereignty is who has the final say , and the uk parliament has always had the final say . 
  now , please , you are showing some of the worst possible ignorant traits of human beings going , the sheer ignorance and unwillingness to even consider what i 'm saying is frankly contemptible . 
  i cba trying to help you understand any further . 
   can the uk pass a law on an area covered by an eu treaty ( let 's say immigration control of eu citizens ) without leaving the eu ? 
  yes it can . 
  it can do it any time simply by following its own parliamentary procedures and writing a law that says `` eu migrants are to be subject to the same requirements as non-eu migrants '', 
  since this would be contradicting previously passed legislation it would effectively repeal those older laws when it was passed ( newer legislation always takes precedent over older legislation ) . 
  this would bring the uk into direct violation of a treaty agreement , which would mean that other countries would cease to consider themselves bound by that treaty at least with regard to britain ( i.e if britain stops allowing their citizens to freely move to the uk then they 'll stop letting british citizens to move freely to their countries ) , but this is breaking a treaty , not breaking a law . 
  the british government would have broken the law no more than nazi germany broke the law when it broke the treaty of versailles . 
  the consequences of doing this would probably be that at some point in the future the eu member states would vote to kick that country out of the eu , and thus that country would leave the eu eventually , but for a while britain would have stopped freedom of movement and remained in the eu . 
  the eu has absolutely 0 power to stop britain doing this , and it is only when the eu can force the uk government from doing something within its own border that sovereignty is considered to be diminished . 
  what the heck do you mean ? 
  that 's what i 've been saying all along . 
  the uk government * can * make any law it wants , including annulling any decision made by the eu , at any point in time it wants . 
  this is what it means for a nation to be sovereign , to have complete control over which laws can be made . 
  if you 're willing to accept that uk has always been completely sovereign , and that the eu has no bearing on sovereignty , then i do n't know why we 're even having this discussion . 
  i mean it 's a massive fucking difference . 
  one is like being a member of a club with rules , and if you break the rules you lose the benefits afforded to club members and get kicked out the club , the other is like being a child , and needing your parent to sign off on decisions you make before you are allowed to act on them . 
  yeah , tense requires verb morphology . 
   you can still use the present ( original non-past ) with a future meaning in both english and german . 
  if you mean without the auxiliary with a future modality , will , werden , then german does this a lot more than english . 
  `` morgen mache ich das '' is fine but `` i do it tomorrow '' is not . 
  to be fair the chinese are notorious for these slights , when they were visiting the uk they even stood up the queen just because they could . 
  [ the queen even commented on it , and she typically never involves herself in politics ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wcbdbfz0e6s ), 
  fucking digestion , how does that work !, 
  worst thing about the video . 
  it 's fucking `` zed '' !, 
  with a `` zee '' ... shudder, 
  you sound american . 
  germany seems to have a more moderate approach to smoking , it 's not allowed indoors but most people do n't act like it 's `` gross '' or `` disgusting '' , which frankly is something i like about it here . 
  condemning smokers as `` gross '' as if not smoking gave you some kind of moral high ground is not something that should be encouraged imo . 
   i refused to see a movie with my friend after we had hot boxed his car because i was n't going to go into a theater and bother everyone with the smell . 
  that sounds borderline obsessive . 
  lighten up bro , it does n't stick to your clothes that badly . 
  sounds to me like you denied yourself a cinema experience for literally no reason . 
  how is it gross , it 's burning plant material ? 
  there 's nothing unhygienic about it . 
  saying it 's gross just seems childish to me . 
  if the only way you can make good decisions is by deriding other people who make those decision as gross then there 's something up . 
  i do n't see drunk drivers as `` gross '' , i see them as morally reprehensible . 
  pooping and obesity both have a biological component which could be described as gross . 
  i do n't like people who wear fuck tonnes of perfume or aftershave , i find the smell unpleasant , i do n't consider that behaviour `` gross '' though , it 's perfectly hygienic . 
  it 's still an unfair judgement to call a hygienic activity gross . 
  i find people with low gross out thresholds to be molly coddled babies . 
  yet , in westernised culture , being grossed out by the stupidest stuff seems to be a badge people wear with pride as if it was a way of advertising their superiority . 
  so yes , i do believe it comes back to wanting to appear morally superior to people . 
  people are becoming grossed out by things that never used to be considered `` gross '' , and it 's just gross out arms race to see who can be more of a pansy . 
  go back to the early 20th century and people used to talk about the sweet smell of tobacco . 
  imo it 's entirely socially created by the people who make a big deal of it . 
  in a similar way , people who 've lived in the middle of nowhere their whole lives and arrive in a big city are disgusted by the smell of car exhaust fumes , yet you do n't see people calling cars gross . 
  what is gross about tar or chemicals ? 
  what is gross about smoke going into your lungs ? 
  the smell does linger , but it 's just a smell , and a non-biological one at that . 
  so if my hands are discoloured for another reason is that gross ? 
  it does smell but it 's just a smell . 
  lots of things fuck your teeth up , as long as the teeth are cared for i see nothing gross about it . 
  germans smoke at the highest rate for western europe , smoking in many places e.g train stations , is facilitated . 
  i 'm getting my information from living in germany . 
  i 'm not saying no germans have jumped on the gross out bandwagon , but it 's not met with the same snooty attitude as it is in the us for example . 
  this is in the uk . 
  the uk has one of the strictest attitudes towards keeping cyclists on the road of any european country imo . 
  i 've noticed in other countries cyclists tend to use the pavement more , it helps that there are so many bike paths in places like netherlands and germany though , but when there is n't one many people choose the pavement without too much worry , simply dismounting and walking when foot traffic is too heavy .
