  truth is 99 times out of hundred it 's a barely perceptible smell that would n't bother anyone who is a sane good natured individual , but the prissy pathetic fucks that like to whine now believe that being about to smell anything is an intrusion of their personal environment . 
  the most minor smells get exaggerated into being `` unbearable '' . 
  it 's very similar to how food snobs will say things like `` how can people eat that disgusting rubbish '' and wine snobs will say `` how can you drink that swill '' when if push came to shove and they had no choice they 'd be gladly eating and drinking the same shit . 
  smell , like taste , is even more subjective than seeing and hearing ( we all know more or less what each other can see and hear since these senses are so much more functional and important ) , consequently pathetic losers can use them to make themselves feel superior to others , simple as . 
  do n't agree with them , oh you 've just got a inferior palette / olfactory capacity , no way to prove them wrong without a blind tasting test or a smelling competition . 
  i 've worked in fish restaurants , places where meat is packed , plastics factories and i just learnt to fucking deal with it . 
  i 'm sorry but the prissy smell sensitive people need to fuck off . 
  sure you have a right to not have to smell stuff to the point its choking you , but some people seem to think they have the right not to smell anything at all . 
  a bit like the air you exhale 100 % of the time you are alive . 
  your hypersensitivity is annoying as hell . 
  i bet if you did n't shit you 'd be bitching about that too , or if you did n't drink coffee you 'd be bitching about the smell of that . 
  translation : `` i am neurotic who manifests psychosomatic symptoms when given the opportunity '', 
  sounds like bullshit to me . 
  i 'm pretty sure that rubbish smells worse in a hot humid climate because it 's decaying faster due to being more suitable for bacteria and such , not because of vapour . 
  i 've never heard of things smelling worse in a foggy / misty environment where the water particles are way more packed in , it 's just that those environments are often cold and therefore not that good for decay . 
  even if it were true i imagine were talking a minuscule difference , possibly demonstrably imperceptible , especially combined with the far more potent smell of a flavoured vapour . 
  to be fair this will be good for you . 
  word of advice , do n't waste time being home sick , do n't compare everything to back home , see this as your new home . 
  i am an ex-pat living in germany from the uk and i meet lots of people doing the same as me , over here for a few years to gain experience and have a laugh . 
  however they fall into two categories , people who do n't really gel , they 're always thinking about their experiences in the context of being `` an american/canadian/briton '' , they never shut up about the differences , what they can and ca n't get back home compared to here and so forth . 
  and people who get off the plane and make their new environment their home . 
  try to be the second type of person . 
  embrace the language , the culture , the food and drink , the attitude of the people and the ways of doing things in denmark . 
  forget what you 're used to back in the us . 
  relish the good things about your new settings rather than pining for the things you liked back home , do n't be outraged because you ca n't get your burrito how you like it , try something denmark excels in instead . 
  only disapprove of the negatives to the degree that a local would upon finding out something was better abroad . 
  you 'll have a way better time for it . 
  four months is such a short time anyway you 'll regret it if you do n't . 
  you might feel a long way from home but you 're really not . 
  moving between developed nations is pretty damn easy . 
  there 's nothing to be scared of . 
  let yourself become a dane , live like a dane , eat and drink like a dane , and enjoy the wonders denmark has to offer . 
  do n't see yourself as an american temporarily stationed in denmark or you 'll just pass through the place without truly experiencing it . 
  this is why my university actually had to introduce card swipes to get into the library . 
  they said it was about thieves but they already had scanners that would go off if you did n't check a book out before you left . 
  amazing how much denial people will subject themselves to . 
  i did say smoke itself was different . 
  i merely meant people whining because they can smell smoke on their clothes and shit , it 's really not that strong a smell when there 's no actual smoke around , no stronger than your favourite fabric conditioner anyway . 
  i came expecting this to be the top comment :(, 
  all the best to you !, 
  i hope you have a great time . 
  ask yourself this , do you want to be a citizen of the world or just an american abroad . 
  i think you know which is better . 
  when in rome and all that . 
  places like denmark and germany are lovely friendly safe places that are just a land of opportunity for english speakers to integrate into and have the time of their lives . 
  remember you could just as easily go four months not seeing your family at university somewhere a few hundred miles from your family home as 3000 miles away across the ocean , it makes little difference in this world of instant information and affordable air travel . 
  from what i hear the danes party even harder than the germans !, 
  do n't be afraid to talk to random people , being a foreigner newly arrived in a country is the greatest excuse you 'll ever have for chatting to people you have n't been introduced to . 
  i 'm certain you 'll have a great time so long as you stay positive and are n't afraid or closed off . 
  a lot of the american ideas about europe are bullshit , just look at films like taken and hostel they 're ridiculous !, 
  you could n't ask for a safer more functional society than denmark , so enjoy, 
  well i thought it was funny, 
  except as of now he 's 47 up ... reddit . . more twists than an m night shyamalan film, 
  grabs popcorn, 
  god damn the sea is so beautiful and terrifying . 
  respects to those men who cast themselves out into it in ships of nothing more than wood , with only the wind to propel them and the stars to navigate by . 
  they were the astronauts of their age . 
  money is principle . 
  it exists as the faith that one way or another the debt will be paid . 
  i mean seriously , governments indebt themselves to themselves on the principle that money will be generated to pay off the interest on the debt , only to borrow more money on the basis of their successful paying of the interest . 
  do n't worry about it too much . 
  it 's a system to keep money flowing , to keep it desirable and somewhat attainable so that the majority of humans remain motivated by the prospect of money . 
  provided your wages get paid , and the people providing goods and services accept your money then it 's all good . 
  at some point in the history the world people realise that rather than being ruled by religion or tyrants the principle of capital was preferable . 
  not perfect but preferable , and this is the world in which we live . 
  i 'm afraid you 're the idiot . 
  questioning these things is how an interest in the principles of economics is made . 
  it 's not so much they 'd stop working , it 's more that they 'd go to other countries with more tax breaks and focus less on the country that was cracking down on them . 
  that 's what 's stopping politicians acting , profits over principles . 
  some of us still live in europe arsehole, 
  i think people are upvoting because they agree with her , not because they 're outraged by it . 
  seriously get some perspective, 
  just to go a bit meta does anyone find that reddit is almost getting worse in this regard . 
  whenever i go into a thread that about anything that is n't american there are just vast swathes of retarded posts making comments about it . 
  it 's all `` omg that 's so quaint '' , `` does that really exist i 've never left my small town in buttfuck , alabama '' `` uwotm8 '' `` throw another shrimp on the barbie '' `` wtf is a lift , you mean elevator right ? '', 
  reddit is meant to be an international site despite having many americans on it . 
  does the novelty of seeing foreign things never wear off for these people ? 
  i do n't feel the need to make retarded comments every time i see a thread involving people that are n't from europe . 
  what the fuck is wrong with these people that they find anything unamerican so alien that all they can do is make retarded comments . 
  it actually make reddit into a far shittier place where nothing outside the us can be discussed without the presence of morons . 
  perhaps every redditor who is n't from the us should start making moronic comments about us things like `` omg their accents are sooo weird '' and so forth to get even :(, 
  i 'm sorry but every year there are few malpractice issues . 
  maybe a hospital or department comes under media scrutiny due to some fuck ups ... 
  this is in a country of 64 million people almost all receiving government healthcare . 
  for every fuck up there are tens of thousands of success stories . 
  furthermore there 's far more weight given to these mistakes as the onus is on the government to act rather than it being a case of one company that might suffer legal action . 
  fancy that , doctors being human are not infallible . 
  in reality the nhs fucks up no more than the private sector in the us . 
  it also does n't have any incentive to screw people out of their treatment to benefit share holders . 
  there will always be a few bad doctors that manage to hide their incompetence , there will away be a few misdiagnoses leading to the death or injury of patients . 
  it 's utter bollocks what you say about everyone having a horror story about the nhs . 
  furthermore the story about your mother is a downright lie , if you mother suddenly became partially sighted ( pretty sure that 's not how cataracts works ) she would 've been eligible for a myriad of benefits during the period she was waiting for treatment and would n't have had to work . 
  for her employer to fire her for this would be illegal and she could 've cleaned up in court . 
  in fact if she drove during this time that was downright irresponsible of her . 
  12 weeks for a extensive complicated surgery on a non-life threatening illness is that not big of a deal . 
  seriously get with reality . 
  you 're a moron . 
  the money your company pays for your insurance could otherwise be part of your salary . 
  i really you hope your company downsizes and then whilst between jobs you get hit with the need for an expensive treatment . 
  cosmic justice at its finest .
