  not remotely . 
  in fact `` shall '' is far less frequent in the us . 
  itt : questionable american phrases, 
  about 3 minutes in there is a clear anti catholic message , way too political if you ask me, 
  fyi thou is actually the informal you in english , equivalent to `` du '' in german , even taking the same conjugation ending - st. all thou is the nominative , so `` fuck thee '' would be appropriate , but on for informal register . 
  because they 're a family called `` pontipines '' and they dress like little cardinals and `` pontifex '' is the latin for bishop . 
  cent is not a colloquial term for the currency . 
  tis merely a scratch !, 
  poor new zealand , finally makes it onto a map and gets ranked below australia :(, 
  you turned it from fun pad to dull aspiration couple ... well done i guess ... 
  i 've seen that print of new york from the sky in like every cheap furniture place in the world as well . 
  / r/seashanties, 
  clearly everyone will pick up and leave the country if they pay a bit more tax . 
  it 's not like any other successful countries pay for higher education , so many riots in those countries . 
  these `` harsh facts '' are only something someone with no clue about the international economy , world politics and basic economics could take seriously ... 
  still only has like a 1.5 % chance of infection for the receiving partner if the the active partner is infected with a high count . 
  or something along those lines i ca n't remember the exact figure . 
  anyone remember wow in vanilla when you had to actually figure out where the fuck you were . 
  looking on thotbot was pretty much just a last resort . 
  this video definitely has a point . 
  it 's much more immersive when you actually have to engage with your environment rather than follow the line . 
  one thing i notice about the gta games is that most of the time is just spent following a line as quickly as possible . 
  i barely take in my environment while i 'm just looking at the minimap every five seconds . 
  i think an arrow pointer or a bread crumb trail that can only be activated at temporary intervals is definitely a better compromise than simply a minimap line or a permanent bread crumb trail . 
  he also hits the nail on the head by alluding to the fact that modern games are not designed to be played without the line to follow . 
  there wo n't be any signposts , maps wo n't mark out features , worlds might have a lack of distinguishable landmarks to help you navigate , ncps wo n't have an option to ask for directions and quest givers might simply say the name of the location without any description of how to get there . 
  it 's as if every game is designed with the assumption that google maps exists . 
  firstly many of those countries have what are classed as strong economies on a global scale . 
  the us has been in a unique position regarding gdp both nominal and ppp ever since ww2 . 
  germany has free higher education and is arguably the fittest economy in europe , certainly in the world top 10 . 
  the difference in % of population attending university is not that great . 
  you also have to question whether having a large number of graduates is actually a good thing . 
  furthermore a strong economy is not a reason to argue for lowering social standards . 
  this interview is so incredibly dumb . 
  for example the host claims that all the money of the richest tax bracket earners could not fund medical care for 3 years , without even specifying the metric by which he 's reached this figure . 
  i mean how anyone can take this seriously is beyond me , it 's basically two children shouting words at each other without any rigour to it . 
  american politics has devolved into people shouting stupid ideological catchphrases at each other , trying to win brownie points with their audience , while avoiding any discussion of facts whatsoever . 
  no need to be pessimistic , there is still a market for hardcore games after all . 
  doubt we 'll see big budget aaa games providing that kind of experience because naturally the market is bigger for games even a 8 year old can feel they are skilled at . 
  one can also overdrive ? 
  germany can not into free healthcare :(, 
  but the quality of life is higher in germany so how does that make sense ? 
  pluperfect in english , or pluquamperfekt in german . 
  neither sound delicious :(, 
  sounds like you 're talking shit . 
  apparently all these things are biased right , sounds like self justification . 
  you simply want to justify your ideology because you put that before objective facts such as the multiple studies into quality of life done by different independent organisations around the world . 
  maybe you should just accept the fact that business is n't the only factor , that you can have a more heavily legislated sphere of private economics and actually have a favourable outcome ? 
  oh no , that would require changing your opinion in face of the facts , rather than mindless repeating the mantras of a free market laissez faire capitalist ideology , right ? 
  sorry , but you 're just the pawn of people who benefit from exploiting others , when it 's clear to anyone with a brain a moderately collectivist society actually makes the world nicer for everyone . 
  maybe it 's worth paying a bit more for goods and services and not having to live in a country with rampant crime , homelessness , poverty , and stupidity ( due to lack of access to higher education ) . 
  just some food for thought . 
  yeah they 're still kind of niche compared to the big blockbuster games though . 
  there are definitely lots of indy developers getting in the hardcore market though . 
  rogue-likes , survival games and the like . 
  ultimately the market for a mainstream game though is n't even gaming enthusiasts , it 's people that buy maybe 5 titles a year tops , kids who can only get their games for birthday 's and christmas , guys who only play a few hours a week and spend most of their time playing fifa . 
  problem is they do n't want to rule out anyone . 
  a game like gta for example does so well because you can take 6 months to finish the storyline or you can do it in 2 days , and to a lesser extent the same is true of games like fallout and watchdogs or even skyrim . 
  these games are already gimping themselves compared to the call of duties and the sports titles for lack of a solid multiplayer component , so they do n't want to niche themselves any more by being genuinely challenging . 
  they take might try to appeal to a hardcore demographic by adding hardcore modes and difficulty settings , but the core gameplay has to be so easy that even your nan could get the hang of it with the difficult turned down . 
  hopefully the gaming market will change as more developers start taking a more niche approach due to saturation of easy mode titles , as some companies have done in the past , but it 's not an easy road to take . 
  cheque *, 
  your crazy emerged in your first comment frankly , that 's why you 're being downvoted . 
  i mean seriously ... 
  what so funny about this death panel nonsense is that insurers make the same decisions every time they decide what is covered by a private policy ... yeah but in america you 're free to pay for things your insurance wo n't cover out of pocket ! 111, 
  ah , yes , because in all countries with socialised health care it 's illegal to do this !, 
  the nhs is literally mandatory and anyone who try to take private treatment is sentenced and imprisoned . 
  there 's just no logic to it whatsoever ... 
  rosetta stone * ... perhaps you need to finish the english course before moving onto bogan ... 
  ever wonder why american people in the 00s and 10s speak with an accent ? 
  oh right , everyone has an accent . 
  the - r only appears ( to your ear ) , when a word ending in a vowel is followed by a word beginning with a vowel . 
  it 's because many british english dialects do not allow for pauses between words . 
  like french , the words are meant to run together smoothly . 
  american english on the other hand is more like german , each word separated by a pause . 
  imo you are being driven nuts by proper speech , and you are trying to enforce foreign ways onto the english language . 
  americans have ridiculous ideas about what `` proper '' english sounds like , which are often childishly simplistic . 
  for example , pronouncing every letter in a word is considered sophisticated to some silly american types , when in fact it 's sign lack of sophistication , after all , any old idiot can sound a word out phonetically , however it takes a mastery of the language to know which letters are not enunciated . 
  the same is with americans saying words without using a schwa sound for unstressed syllables . 
  it shows a greater mastery of the tongue to not need to make every vowel clear , because everyone should know which word it is anyway . 
  fact is american english is an english mangled by foreign mouths into something more simplistic and less elegant because of so many european immigrants . 
  words had to be pronounced closer to their written form because people were n't familiar with the language from birth , vowels had to be made more obvious because otherwise those 2nd language speakers would get confused and misunderstand . 
  this drives me nuts !, 
  american english lacks the nuance of british english !, 
  it is simply the case with fancy languages like english and french that speaking closely to how the language is written is stupid and uneducated , not vice versa . 
  knowing that it 's spelt `` mandatory '' but pronounced man-dut-tri , was a sign you belonged to the tribe , and american english proves they do n't belong !, 
  was sagst du ? 
  southern american english * was very confused there for a second . 
  it 's more to do with the influence of wealth british people emigrating to the us . 
  when america was founded people spoke like pirates , or hagrid from harry potter , and used very strong rhotic - r 's . 
  stronger in fact than what an american would use today . 
  this type of - r fell out of fashion with the british aristocracy around the 19th century . 
  people who moved to the us during that period , or had strong connections with the british aristocracy were influenced by this change and also started dropping their - r. plantation owners in the south and the american pseudo-aristocracy in the north east developed non-rhotic accents . 
  this is common mistake people make . 
  the reason is that we are simply less able to detect accents when someone sings . 
  firstly because stress patterns are not relevant to singing . 
  when we speak naturally we stress syllables in a certain way , however when singing the stress will be dictated by how the music is written . 
  another reason is diphthongs , a diphthong is a slide between two vowel sounds that makes a unique sound , different accents slide between the two sounds differently , however when singing the slide tends to be perfectly even because the length of the slide will be dictated by the length of the note on which the diphthong is sung . 
  for example say the word `` eye '' , and then sign the word `` eye '' holding the note for as long as possible , you are actually sliding between the sounds `` ah '' and `` ee '' . 
  finally the precise positioning of a vowel in the mouth , which is a strong indicator of an accent , is less noticeable when sung than when spoken because singing can often affect the positioning of a vowel .
