  the vast majority of countries do n't do this . 
  the only other country that requires citizens to submit to psychological evaluation for driving is russia afaik , and that 's only professional drivers . 
   again . 
  it is not mandatory . 
  it is not imposed . 
  everyone takes it on their own free will . 
  except it 's a punishment that lasts until a shrink tells you it can end . 
  you would n't allow quacks to indefinitely decide to who stays in prison . 
  so why should this be any different ? 
  when did it become morally acceptable to involve psychology in the daily lives of citizens in such an invasive way . 
  especially when they have n't committed a crime . 
   i 'm sorry your doctors seem incompetent . 
  oh look , german nationalism , it 's so becoming , and definitely something that will promote european unity . 
  it seems the default german position to assume germany superiority in all things until proved otherwise , and in this regard i 'd say germany is second only to americans within the west , despite all the ideological conflict between the two countries you 're in many ways very alike . 
   ours are n't , i assure you . 
  and i can assure you that your medical professionals are certainly no better than most european countries , and our doctors can easily match yours . 
  we also have a proper socialist system of healthcare rather than the byzantine overly regulated ordoliberal mess they 've got in germany . 
   and their assessments can be challenged , they 're not final, 
  at something like $ 2000 an assessment i do n't see that as particularly reasonable . 
  sadly every cultural facet that arises from a dominant culture interacting with a minority culture is being labelled `` racist '' in some parts of the world . 
   p.s. 
  greggs is the poorest excuse for a bakery i have ever seen . 
  obvious troll . 
  no point responding . 
  this song was originally dutch fyi , and then adapted to german . 
  the song does n't really have anything to do with `` in flander 's fields '' poem except a similar theme . 
   wtf, 
  yes , being prohibited from trying to learn to drive again until you 've submitted yourself to `` the department of psychological assessment '' or whatever it 's called over there is a punishment . 
   i 'm swiss you racist ignorant idiot, 
  well i was talking about germany , sorry i have no idea how things are run in your small tax haven , but your arrogant nationalism is self-evident . 
   mhm, 
  your psychology experts are no different from ours , and certainly no better educated , unless they go abroad to study . 
  in fact , in the anglo world they 're probably a lot better since they are more likely to work within proper empirical parameters and are n't drawn into the cult of psychoanalysis that exists in the dach countries . 
  either way , they 're still quacks that work within a soft science that changes its mind on things every 20 or so years . 
  have n't you heard ? 
  we are n't as poor as you . 
  you 're disgusting . 
  rich of you to call me racist . 
  have n't shat on anything for being non-british at all , just pointed out the solid grounds for believing it 's better to drive on the left side of the road in the hope of breaking up this circle jerk , and criticised what i see as a particularly authoritarian policy used in the dach countries . 
   aaaand you blew it . 
  any science that does n't change its mind when faced with new information is not a a science but a religion, 
  except social science does n't change every few years in response to new evidence , it changes depending on the fashionable way of framing and conceptualising subjective value judgements . 
  guess what ? 
  hard science does n't `` change its mind '' every 20 years , it builds on previous research and improves its models . 
  but of course , you just want to spout off reddit neckbeard clich\u00e9s . 
   jealousy of wealth intensifies, 
  why would i be jealous of your tiny little nation that is only rich because it has a few million citizens , makes people undergo trial by public opinion to naturalise , and made all its money staying out of ww2 , profiting off people 's misery . 
  a country where you can get denied citizenship simply for not knowing about local sports . 
  if you want to get rich , you go to london , if already are rich and want to avoid tax , you go to switzerland , i know which i prefer . 
  seriously , you 're a nasty little nationalist who just wants to boast about how much suspect wealth his nation has , let 's not pretend your wealth is due to your thriving watch industry . 
  gtfo , i think even you know you 're just being a troll and an idiot . 
  not in british and other commonwealth forms of english . 
  verbs agree with conceptual , rather than grammatical number in those forms of english . 
  if it 's american english yes it should be `` plans '' , because the noun is coalition and in american english verbs agree with grammatical number . 
  if it 's british or other forms of english verbs agree with conceptual rather than grammatical number . 
  this makes phrases like `` the government are '' the `` manchester united have won '' perfectly legitimate . 
  whether the third person singular or third person plural are used depends on how the writer is conceptualising the subject , meaning both `` the team is ... '' and `` the team are ... '' are correct depending on the sentence . 
  `` this year 's team is good '' would be more common , whereas `` the team are sitting '' would be more common . 
  the former focuses on the team as a unity , while the latter as a set of individual actors that form a collective . 
  you have two clauses . 
  they can be one sentence or two ; it 's up to you . 
  however , strictly speaking , if you want to make it into one sentence you must use a semi-colon , a colon , or a dash to link the two . 
  the adjective form of `` exist '' is `` existent '' . 
  `` i am existent '' is grammatical but very odd . 
  normally people say `` i exist '' . 
  definitely do n't live in birmingham , it 's not an comfortable commute and will cost you an arm and a leg in train fares and many hours a week in travel time . 
  there are a few coventry students who live that far out but that 's only if they 're local . 
  if you really do n't like it you can live in leamington , it 's less depressing aesthetically and has a lot of student stuff going on . 
  it 's more a hike to get there though ( not as bad as birmingham ) but still like 30 minutes - 1 hour on the bus , depending on traffic and the time of day as different busses run at different times . 
  there is also a train that 's quite quick but it probably costs more , especially at peak commute times . 
  you 'll be surrounded by mostly warwick uni students who will generally be having a different university experience from you , but that would n't stop you from socialising if you 're a social type of person . 
  living in coventry itself is something to consider . 
  if you live in student accommodation you 'll be guaranteed to be surrounded by people who are attending the same place as you and having similar experiences . 
  earlsdon is fine really , it 's got some ok pubs , restaurants , and take outs and stuff , and close enough to the centre to go there for anything else . 
  whitley is very residential . 
  tile hill is boring and out of the way . 
  canley is pleasant but you 're basically in warwick uni at this point . 
  stay away from hillfields , wood end , and willenhall for sure . 
  coventry is fine if you 're selective . 
  london still exchanges more tax data with other countries as a full member of the eu right now than you do with you bespoke deal . 
  most of europe does not have idioten tests , they are exclusive to the dach countries and russia . 
  most of europe would lost their shit if they tried to enforce such state control in their nations , do n't talk shit if you do n't know the answer . 
  i 'm not a afraid of it at all . 
  i just thing it 's an outrageous expansion of state power of authoritarian proportions . 
  sorry i thought the swiss were liberal enough to understand that the state 's role is to punish law breakers , but not assess people people 's psychology to decide which rights they can exercise . 
  especially those who 've done nothing but fail their driving test and are n't even criminals . 
  shame switzerland has been tainted by the german speaking `` ordnung muss sein '' culture . 
   right , because the amount of data is key , not the relevance of the information in the data . 
  are you uneducated ? 
  shut up . 
  the uk complies with all the eu regulations , you have a deal which means you only comply with some . 
  i could 've written `` more relevant kinds of data '' , but i assumed you were n't a fucking computer that can only understand precise definitions . 
  when will you learn that pedantry is n't the same as intellect , seems to be a real problem on this sub . 
   scandinavia , benelux ... 
  do n't use psychological assessment . 
  depends on what you mean by that word . 
  90 % of reddit thinks it means left-wing . 
  except i obviously do n't mean the `` american '' version of the term . 
  i mean classically liberal , in the sense of limiting the state 's power to punishing law breakers and providing public services , and making laws according to the harm principle and not forcing everyone to conform to some ideal standard . 
  then again , i 've spent time in switzerland , and it 's the most twee form of authoritarianism going .
