  i recently bought the book but have n't got round to yet . 
  i 'll bump up the list . 
  do n't know why you 're rolling your eyes , it 's quite offensive to claim to you speak `` without an accent '' . 
  there 's a big correlation between people who think they do n't have an accent and ignorance . 
  you 're making the same mistake . 
  there is no such thing as `` very neutral english '' , the whole concept of `` neutral '' is relative . 
  what sounds neutral to you will no sound neutral in other parts of the country/world . 
  those places in the us simply speak in a way that is common in the us , meaning that way of speaking is n't considered specific to a certain region of the us , but there 's nothing neutral about that . 
  people who claim to `` not have an accent '' and think people who do n't speak like they do do have accents , but they do n't , are typically not self aware enough to know how they are perceived by others ( they are perceived as having an accent ) . 
  if they are self aware enough to understand this , then they 're implying their accent is more proper than others , which is itself quite offensive . 
  just search `` neutral '' in the / r/badlinguistics subreddit if you want to see how common these misguided beliefs are . 
  people seem to have real trouble differentiating their subjective experience `` this way of speaking i find easy to understand does n't sound regional to me '' from objectivity `` this accent is inherently neutral '' or `` this speaker does n't have an accent '' . 
  yes , general american firstly is an accent , and secondly has no objective qualities that make it `` neutral '' . 
  general american 's words and pronunciations are just as `` specific '' as those in a boston accent . 
  it 's only perceived as neutral because it 's spoken so widely . 
  saying `` no accent '' is inherently offensive to everyone who does n't speak that accent , simple as that . 
  i 'm not saying it 's right or wrong . 
  i 'm saying that these are reasons people give for classifying hispanic latinos as non-white . 
  spanish people are white , if you ask them what they are , they say white . 
  they are a nation of people in europe , where all the nations around them are considered to be white . 
  confusing the hue of your skin being in some cases ever so slightly darker in some parts of europe does not mean those people are not racially white . 
  americans seem to be obsessed with misguided notions of ethnicity and categorising everyone like some kind of nazi scientist . 
  this guy even claimed you could `` look french '' or `` look german '' , when amazingly not everyone in their country looks like the national stereotype , in fact the majority do n't . 
  i think people will be offended . 
  genam is only closest to what 's in the dictionary because you 're using a genam dictionary , if you picked up a different dictionary you 'd find totally different pronunciations . 
  neutral is an inherently loaded term that implies standard . 
  thank god for emulators . 
  but it is offensive , it 's offensive to me , it 's offensive to everyone who does n't speak that way . 
  furthermore , it 's not a statistically fair generalisation , firstly neutral is the wrong word , but even saying you speak in the standard fashion is only true of a certain place in a certain time . 
  no i 'm not often offended , but i am offended by ignorant people who believe their accent is `` neutral '' and therefore everyone else is `` not neutral '' . 
  linguistic diversity is not something needs these snide insinuations . 
  there is nothing neutral about a genam accent in the slightest , it 's an accent of english the same as any other . 
  well back in the day only english , french , dutch , german , austrian , swiss , belgian , and the nordic / scandinavian countries were considered true whites . 
  now they considered most people white , but they confused spanish from spain with people from south america and mexico . 
  you 're an idiot my friend . 
  i am british , what if english people started claiming that your language was n't real english because of all the changes to it that did n't happen in england . 
  if i can relinquish the notion that english english is `` proper '' english , and that everyone else is speaking the language incorrectly , i think you can relinquish your misguided belief that genam is `` neutral '' . 
  you can characterise how most americans speak with the term `` general american '' , describing it as `` neutral '' is literally meaningless . 
  if english history in scotland , wales , and ireland has taught us anything , it 's that claiming to speak properly or neutrally is just a sly was of insinuating superiority and marginalising out groups . 
  `` the famous man looked at the red cup '' , seriously though i like dan brown , it 's not exactly shakespeare though . 
  because bars are naughty bad places where you go to abuse your body and attempt to copulate outside the sanctity of marriage , then later sneak out hoping no one from your church saw you ... right ? 
  at the end of the day , when all is said and done , idioms are perfectly valid way of communicating even when they 're overused . 
  ultimately , it comes down to the term `` neutral '' its history and why there are better ways to describe the way people speak . 
  personally i think what we need to be looking at in the distant future , is the fact that humanity will eventually adapt itself to overcome its limitations . 
  why send humans to different planet , when we can digitalise our consciousness , beam the data to another planet at light speed , and reconstruct our bodies somewhere else . 
  you 'd only need to travel to a different planet once to get the machinery there , then it could all be data . 
  why terraform planets , when we can create new bodies that are already adapted to the new environment . 
  and relevant here , why travel to a new galaxy when we could reconstruct it perfectly in a simulation and experience it that way ? 
  one day , genetic adaptation and computers are n't going to look any different . 
  the real future of humanity probably is n't exploring the galaxy , but exploring inwards , and finding the limits of what we can possibly become . 
  i imagine once we 've explored a few planets , and have a solid grasp on how the material universe functions , the concept of external exploration will seem practically dull , compared to what we can innovate ourselves to be . 
  meh , yes and no , white basically meant predominantly germanic heritage , but they were n't really honest about it . 
  for example , irish was n't considered truly white despite an irish person being a mixture of celtic and germanic heritage . 
  but this was just a way to discriminate against the irish . 
  also plenty of italians have germanic heritage . 
  plenty of french people have spanish heritage . 
  it was basically just a discrimination system based on history and politics , if you were from protestant influenced country you were white , if your country was particularly influential like france you were white , if you were from a country that contributed significantly to western european culture you were white . 
  however if you were from a poorer country or looked tan , you were n't truly white . 
  wow he can just sit there and admit it because there 's no legal repercussions . 
  seriously , why is n't that money in a business account belonging to an independent company . 
  years of working in retail and sales will do that to you . 
  everyone knows about rude customers , but that never bothered me . 
  what scared me is the realisation of how stupid most people are with money , and how often it 's the big purchases ( # 1000 + ) that people the least thought into or are most clueless about . 
  people will quibble over the price of potatoes in the supermarket , and be outraged when it goes up by 20p , but at the same time they 'll walk into the biggest name brand megastore they 've seen in a tv advert and drop 2 grand on a television without doing a lick of research beforehand . 
  it 's amazing how many purchases are made on entirely emotional grounds too , men trying to save face in front of their girlfriends and appear affluent , parents trying to buy the love of their children , wives trying to exercise power over their husbands by siding with the sales clerks . 
  you start to realise that there 's a reason why many people are poor and never really move up in the world despite often have decent salaries and dual income households , it 's because they spend money like idiots . 
  they have to have those brand name goods , they insist on buying , say , a sony television , because it 's well known , despite there being a perfectly good higher spec alternative at a lower price . 
  they are literally like children , putting all their faith in labels and what 's popular , rather than thinking for themselves about what they want . 
  walk down any urban street in the uk and you 'll see motorbikes and scooters , even quad bikes sometimes , you 'll see 4x4 cars like land rovers , often leased , go inside and you 'll see 5 year olds with ipads , 12 year olds with top of the range mac books riding hoverboards around the house , every living room will have 40 inch television in front of a naff cream leather 3 piece suite , the kitchen will look like a showroom off the television , and the cupboards will be crammed with processed brand name food , but the bins will be full of take away boxes . 
  yet the grass wo n't be mown , tiles will be falling off the roof , there 'll be expensive toys discarded in corners of the kids bedrooms , an expensive exercise bike just rusting in the garden . 
  it 's the product of the disposable consumer culture . 
  when these people get too old to work they just become a burden on state because they did n't save or put equity into a home , they did n't plan for retirement , they just spent every penny on overpriced crap they did n't need , could n't afford , overpaid for , and chucked away the moment something new came along . 
  as a culture we are just on the whole thick as shit when it comes to money , we earn to spend rather than to invest in our futures . 
  the act of spending has come fetishised to the point where it 's no longer about procuring things we need efficiently , but almost a psychosexual act of self-sacrifice , we fully commit psychologically to the buying of something we ca n't afford at an unreasonable price and do n't need because somehow we get a kick from it , and simply accept the fact we 're going to be broke the rest of the month because of it . 
  we have to buy into the brand names and such lest we be accused of being tight . 
  women judge each other by which brand of toothpaste they buy , and make snide comments about someone who bought the store brand rather than colgate or whatever , it 's so fucking childish . 
  if i saved in the run up the christmas i 'd have to deny myself things that i want to do during these period . 
  however , after christmas there 's always less to do , fewer parties , bad weather , everyone is worn out from the christmas break . 
  it 's simply easier for me not to spend money during this period . 
  in a couple of months i 'm only couple to pay roughly an additional 5 % on the money that i borrowed , so say i borrowed # 300 , that 's # 15 i 'm paying for the luxury of having that money at the time that i need it . 
  in a sense i have paid a fee of # 15 to have my future earnings now . 
  i 'm quite happy with that . 
  not having to deny myself things in the run up to christmas is worth # 15 . 
  i 'm happy to buy # 300 + having the money now for # 315 , it 's no big deal and it improve my credit rating to have credit from time to time . 
  the joke is that the other sheep shaggers in the uk use the wellie method ( wellies are a kind of rain proof boot made of rubber that goes up to your knee ) , they stick the hind legs of the sheep into the wellies they 're wearing so the sheep is stuck in a good humping position . 
  however , when he asks about this in wales the welsh do n't use the method because it would mean no kissing , implying that the welsh truly do love sheep , even more so than other sheep shaggers , enough to want to kiss them . 
  that 's the joke , the welsh do n't just love sheep enough to fuck them , they love sheep even more than the sick perverts in other parts of the uk who shag sheep , and are attracted to them romantically . 
  it 's closer to the house where dumbledore grew up i think . 
  or maybe it just sold beer , since that was the only thing for people to drink before then . 
  yeah , do n't go to london , nobody wants to live there , that 's why penthouses in kensington are selling two a penny ... 
  we do n't bother with bug screens in nw europe because the bugs really are n't a problem . 
  i 'd never seen one until i visited the us . 
  the climate and environment here is really ideal for humans , almost never too hot or too cold , nature is very tame , you can see why modern civilisation thrived here . 
  same goes for air con , you simply do n't need it for 90 % of the year , and during the summer heatwave you can just use a fan or two . 
  the only bugs that are annoying here are the moths . 
  which is why you have to remember to pull your curtains or blinds closed in the summer when it gets dark if you have the window open , otherwise you 'll find like 20 moths dancing around your lightbulb . 
  because he runs in like a madman instead of following the plan . 
  if they just stood there the boss would come out and kill them , once leeroy went in they had no choice but to try and do the encounter . 
  they blame him because he initiated the fight when they were n't prepared . 
  there 's a specific strategy to his part of the dungeon that would never involve a paladin running in first and just going crazy .
