  ah ok , i had n't realised that but thinking back it makes sense . 
  the pdf version really should indicate the splits . 
  i actually quite liked harry 's character at the start even if he was a tad precocious . 
  his cutting sarcasm and superiority complex was certainly a refreshing change from the humble well meaning unquestioning version we see the books . 
  you are right that the character development is strong . 
  most of the complaints i 've seen ( from people who probably did n't even finish the work ) , are that the characters simply are n't the characters they 're used which is the stupidest complaint going , if you love rowling 's characters then go read the books . 
  i suppose one reason someone might read fanfiction is simply because they want more of the same . 
  anyway , i 've had a look at some reviews and it appears that most of what i 've said here is n't particularly new or controversial . 
  that 's exactly what i thought actually . 
  i was despairing with the whole section of the book , then we get into the dramatic events that follow it and suddenly i was like aha , i see what this is about , you obviously thought we had n't seen enough of hermione 's character to be properly attached for the big event . 
  however , i felt it was forced and that actually made it just feel completely false . 
  was n't it enough that she was general of sunshine army ? 
  could n't have more been achieved with that ? 
  furthermore why do these events need to happen in a bubble separate from the other main characters ? 
  there are tonnes of plots that could have involved hermione heavily , shown her strengths , and still have been interesting and more in keeping with the rest of the story . 
  why do we need these bully encounters when we 've got kids fighting kids in the battle magic games ? 
  why are the bullies so generic with no real motiviation except picking on younger kids because they can ? 
  an upper year slytherin conspiracy against hermione due to her friendship with draco would 've made a hell of a lot more sense thinking about it . 
  i felt like he was trying too hard to shoehorn a strong female character in there . 
  it felt like a pre-emptive strike on any critics who might say that hermione 's character was too weak in hpmor compared to the series . 
  after all , if harry is clever what as hermione got as a strength to make her seem his equal . 
  it was too deliberate , a writer should write what they are good at and to hell with the critics , not try to play to a vocal minority if that 's not what comes naturally . 
  perhaps hermione 's character did need fluffing out some more before the events at the end start to unfold , but i think it definitely could have been done better . 
  i mean hunting the halls of hogwarts for generic bullies ? 
  seems rather trite compared to both what precedes and follows it . 
  if he 'd built up a bully character for hermione to take on that might 've redeemed it , instead it just felt rather silly . 
  thanks for the kind words . 
  in response to the question about quirrel i feel i knew he was voldemort both immediately ( as soon as we find out about harry 's sense of dread around him ) and simultaneously not until the point that he pulls the gun on harry . 
  i think the critics who smugly proclaim that it was obvious he was voldemort all along are just idiots . 
  it ignores the fact that voldemort in hpmor is a completely different character than the evil for no real reason voldemort that rowling gives us . 
  just saying oh well it seems that voldemort = quirrel means nothing . 
  in many ways , quirrel was not voldemort even at the end , at least in the sense of the voldemort we have in hp series . 
  the voldemort of hpmor was a joke tom riddle thought up when trying to do a test a run of playing the role of a dark wizard with some drunk blood purists from diagon alley , a man who pretended at being evil to achieve some greater end but grew so weary of people 's selfish , ignorant natures that he maintained the role . 
  rowling 's voldemort was a half-blood , blood purist bitter at the muggle world who put him in an orphanage , denied him his heritage and angry at the wizarding world who put him lower in status than the less talented pure blood slytherins that attended hogwarts in the past . 
  i did n't know that it was quirrelmort that had been behind all the events happening at hogwarts until the very end . 
  so in the sense that mattered , no i did not know that quirrel = voldemort . 
  i could have easily guessed that there was some other explanation for all the evil stuff happening even if it was clear due to the sense of dread and harry and him not being able to have their magic interact that quirrel was functionally voldemort in some sense . 
  in many ways he remains an anti-hero to me , he was n't an evil caricature , but the embodiment of nihilistic philosophy . 
  both harry and quirrelmort were utilitarian characters , their fundamental difference was merely that quirrelmort throws away the deontological edict that all life , however harmful or evil a person is , has a value . 
  harry is the opposite and sees that even evil , stupid , monstrous people 's lives have a value . 
  for example quirrelmort does n't really want to kill innocents particularly , it 's clear when he says that he would have prevented the deaths at the quidditch match regardless of whether he had obtained the philosopher 's stone . 
  rowling 's voldemort would 've jumped for joy at the thought of killing all those kiddies , because he was just there to personify evil in a classic good vs evil tale . 
  harry saw the bigger picture , that life was scarce in the universe , and even someone with the intent to murder and commit crime in the here and now has a value , as that would n't matter in thousand years when we 're all immortal and populating the galaxy . 
  quirrelmort lacked this profound understanding , and only focussed on the hate he felt for all the stupid , ignornant , nasty people who were allowed to prosper in the world unchallenged ( who he hated quite justifiably ) . 
  so really of course voldemort was quirrel , but for all i knew voldemort could 've turned out to be the good guy , or a reformed character training harry to deal with some greater evil , or a mentor hoping that his proteg\u00e9 version of himself could become the kind of world ruler that he 'd failed to be . 
  personally i just thought that it would turn that voldemort was n't 100 % evil , that life was more ambiguous than that , and what it would come down to is harry choosing between was the quirrel path , doing the wrong things for the right reasons , and the dumbledore path , doing the right thing even if the consequences were bad . 
  in a way i felt i got that , however quirrel turned out to be on the more evil end of the spectrum than i 'd expected . 
  anyone who says they knew exactly how it was going to turn out in the end is definitely lying to themselves in order to feel smarter than they are . 
  there 's a big difference between killing idiots and killing innocents . 
  i ca n't say that i think quirrelmort is anything like voldemort so frankly we disagree there . 
  from my reading , quirrelmort is someone who despises incompetency and lack of scrupples . 
  when he started out as voldemort his heart was n't particularly in it . 
  when he legimens 'd the minister as monroe and saw that he did not respect dumbledore as he respected malfoy and voldemort was when he really started to change . 
  he saw that many people respect their ruthless enemies more than those devoted to protecting them , as i believe he says to hermione , people quickly start to take their heroes for granted and expect their efforts , as if they were owed protection . 
  as he says to harry later the only heroes he respects are the ancient greek ones who would demand tribute and adoration for their efforts . 
  please do n't allude to things , i 've read the book you 're not spoiling anything for me . 
  i 'm assuming you 're referencing his killing of rita skeeta in her animagus form . 
  i for one did n't see this as particularly evil , she was a nasty person and pretty much deserved it , she was also now in a position in which she knew enough to have both harry and quirrel sent to azkaban . 
  to me , this did n't signify the kind of cartoon evil we see in book voldemort , just a willingness to do what was necessary , i was cheering at that point . 
  another point is that harry set into to motion the events that saw her discredited , and even then he himself saw the possibility that might result in her being killed by lucius . 
  as for people working out the solution , there 's only a finite number of ways the story could have ended . 
  naturally some were right . 
  i doubt anyone saw it coming as if it were obvious because it patently was n't . 
  there were indications that quirrel was n't a wholesome good guy like say book dumbledore , but whether you interpret that as evil is probably a matter of perspective . 
  part of me was hoping that quirrelmort was going to convert harry to his view point and that they were going to tear magical britain apart together . 
  i 'm afraid i 'm going to have to politely disagree with you . 
  i do n't think quirrelmort was sadistic or particularly cruel , he was pretty much a rational utilitarian who went a bit off the deep end , he was an example of how an absolutely utilitarian outlook can decay into absolute apathy , once you 're entirely apathetic the greater good simply has no meaning anymore since every outcome is the same in value . 
  if anything quirrelmort is amoral rather than immoral . 
  honestly i did n't stop liking him until the point where we found out he 'd been responsible for the death of hermione , it seemed he was right on most accounts . 
  i think if you assumed that quirrel could n't ultimately turn out to be right simply because he killed skeeta then you missed some of the questions about morality that the story raises . 
  at no point did i feel like we were guaranteed a `` happy ending '' in the conventional sense of the term , so just because quirrel killed someone who was herself bad did n't signfiy to me that he was `` evil '' . 
  imo book voldemort would n't have behaved anything like quirrelmort , since he was a lot stronger than the voldemort possessed quirrel in the philosopher 's stone as shown by his feats in azkaban , with full control over his host , i can only imagine that book voldemort , were he in that position , would 've killed dumbledore at the first opportunity and then gone on a rampage killing everyone but the pureblood slytherins at the first opportunity and worried about getting his body back afterwards . 
  edit : sorry , i could n't read the spoiler text because i was replying on the dashboard rather than the thread itself . 
  yeah , those characters did offer some nice comic relief , especially before where things went afterwards . 
  do n't get my wrong , self-actualisation actually had some of the funniest jokes in it . 
  however i see no reason why these characters and all the humour could n't have been integrated into a different narrative . 
  hell , there 's nothing wrong with the concepts behind self actualisation . 
  it just seemed very poorly executed . 
  `` let 's wander around fighting minor non-characters who are bullying 1st for no particular reasons because apparently dumbledore implied that girls ca n't be heroes ! '' . 
  it could have been done so much better . 
  we needed a real reason for them to form sphew and real enemy with a real reason for them to fight them . 
  i think this is one of the major problems with publishing a story in segments . 
  you ca n't go back and integrate elements into earlier parts of the story that build up for later developments . 
  you have to be 100 % certain of everything that 's going to happen before you even start and if you make a mistake it feels disjointed and overly convenient . 
  i 'm sorry ey had the major story arc planned , but miss one or two things and it sticks out like a sore thumb . 
  yeah , i was half joking really . 
  nowadays it 's perfectly possible to rent flats with kitchens . 
  however , do n't take it for granted , it really depends on what kind of rental it is . 
  whether aimed as short term renters , typically single professionals and students or long term like families and pensioners . 
  even in these places it 's not unusual for people to make you buy their kitchen off them when you move in because they had to buy/install the kitchen when they arrived . 
  give me 300 euros for the oven and fridge or i 'll take them with me is not an empty threat in germany !, 
  ( typically in the uk it 's the landlord 's property ) . 
  i 'm looking for somewhere right now and the last one i saw was a joke , it did n't even have anything on the floor or walls , there were no lights just wires hanging from the ceiling , no sinks or surfaces in the kitchen , just pipes to have everything fitted yourself . 
  the agency had said it was `` unfurnished '' but my definition of unfurnished is without chairs , tables , beds and such , not without curtains or paint on the walls with exposed wiring everywhere . 
  i 'm afraid as a typical brit the idea that someone would invest serious money into somewhere they do n't own just seems bizarre to me , it 's not like you can take the paint and carpets back when you leave !, 
  if i was going to add another gripe into the mix the fact that maklers exist in germany is also insane , i 'm surprised the german people have n't risen up and dumped them in siberia already , though of course that 's something else that is changing . 
  i did n't mind harry at the start , in fact i quite liked his dark side !, 
  i think one thing people forget is that wizarding britain is a pretty evil and irrational place !, 
  i mean azkaban is the perfect example of that , and so is that wizagot ( or however you spell it ! ) . 
  that link is n't working for me , is there another ?
