  it 's just the middle class british people tend to be a bit less about the money and more about the propriety and education . 
  i said i liked the guardian to very upper middle type a while back , she remarked `` have they learned to spell yet ? '' ... 
  she read the telegraph . 
  phone for the fish knives , norman, 
  as cook is a little unnerved ;, 
  you kiddies have crumpled the serviettes, 
  and i must have things daintily served . 
  it 's really no different . 
  the only difference is that class is more to do with education and manners , not money . 
  working class people do not think they are outranked , they would n't expect to be told about how to fix a lorry by a middle class person , each have separate domains . 
  it links two vowel sounds to prevent a pause in speech e.g idea of = idea rof . 
  it also links two words when one ends in a ( normally silent for brits ) - r e.g faster apple = fastuh rapple, 
  this is n't very common in the uk ( sadly !, 
  it works very well in other countries ) . 
  it 's more of a french / german thing . 
  if i say you 're a gay fish , nobody really believes that , therefore it 's not harmful . 
  if i say some celebrity is a paedophile , when really they slept with a young girl just over the age of consent , it 's far more harmful because it is close to the truth . 
  we have nursery in england too you know ? 
  we dont unless the next word starts with a vowel or an r . we use a schwa because thats how english is meant to be spoken, 
  we dont unless the next word starts with a vowel or an r . we use a schwa because thats how english is meant to be spoken, 
  the us pretentiously uses the ah sound for all loan words . 
  the actual italian sound is somewhere in between . 
  because we know how to spell, 
  london working class accents, 
  you 're the weird ones in the grand scheme of things, 
  liverpool was the world 's most important port for a long time . 
  lots of foreigners, 
  over 4000 comments on this thread suggests they 're not wrong . 
  mathematics is not a plural . 
  in greek the word for mathematics ended in a plural ending - a but was not itself treated as a plural . 
  the english word carried over this style to mathematics . 
  when someone decided mathematics was too long to stay the british decided to maintain this tradition even in the abbreviated form , americans did n't . 
  we speak properly , you 're just bad at it . 
  i thought i 'd add that it 's a bit more complicated when you get down to it . 
  this does n't even include the anti-bourgeois classes who do n't really fit in anywhere . 
  for example at the bottom you have your lowest of the low , they are the women on benefits with five kids but different fathers and a boyfriend who sells drugs and is in and out of prison constantly . 
  there 's a lot of hatred for these people but they 're only a minority . 
  no education , no work , no taxes , you find these everywhere . 
  then you have the real working classes . 
  people who do real working jobs and feel no desire to aspire upwards , they like being working class and are proud of that . 
  they do n't really care for education or fancy stuff , they have a tight knit community and they hate people who try to fake being one of them . 
  respectable working class tend to be people who are still proudly working class , speak with the accent , do jobs that are thoroughly working class but pride themselves on being law abiding and proper in their own way . 
  economically they 're virtually identical to lower middle class people . 
  a lot of police come from this background because they dislike the `` scum '' who give the working classes a bad name . 
  lower middle are just middle class people that do n't have much money . 
  they do n't speak with the strong working class accents , they do n't perceive themselves as working class , often they have university education , but due to their jobs they simple ca n't live in fancy suburbia . 
  they 're living side to side with the working classes and often get along well provided they do n't pretend to be working class by faking an accent or whatever . 
  bland middle middle class are the most tediously dull people in the world . 
  they 're like the dursleys from harry potter . 
  they do n't have a big house but they have immaculate gardens and super clean houses and hate anything unusual . 
  they participate in neighbourhood watch programmes . 
  they have more money than the lower middle class but are n't what you 'd call rich . 
  upper middle is where you get wealthy successful professionals in the more affluent parts of suburbia . 
  these are the ones with the audi and bmws and range rovers . 
  again they 're quite bland but tend to be more into intelligence and art and culture than the ordinary middles . 
  that said only in small doses , practicality and wealth comes first after all . 
  finally the upper classes are a bit of a mystery to most because they 're such a small group of people . 
  in my experience they do n't care how they 're perceived to the same degree as the middle classes . 
  they are more into elegance than being proper . 
  a lot of them are crazy and find everything eminently fascinating , you can never really join their ranks , even if you 're amazing at pretending to be one , only history can make you one of these . 
  they like art and culture in a more authentic way , they 're not just ticking boxes to appear a certain way , if they do n't like something they 're not afraid to say it . 
  that said these are all incredible broad strokes and do n't really reflect reality . 
  there are plenty of upper middles who are authentic and not false , there are plenty of respectable working class people who are n't bigoted and intolerant , plenty of interesting middle middle class people , plenty of pretentious upper class folk and so on . 
  not to mention of people who try to reject these classifications as it practically the norm these days . 
  these ideas are more like images in the public consciousness rather than real things . 
  nobody wants to be bland middle class curtain twitcher or a bigoted respectable working class ukip voter , but sometimes you see people who are bang on the stereotype which is funny . 
  ironically the people who tend to maintain the idea of class most strong are the working class , because they are happy with their identity . 
  still , aspiring to be more is common these days . 
  nobody really wants to be middle class but inevitably lots end up being so . 
  nobody shouts about being upper class either because nobody wants to be labelling a snob . 
  really these are things we force on others when we see certain features of their way of life . 
  americans so sensitive . 
  this was so meh . 
  the only thing real about it was the absurd severity of the us border agencies . 
  what he means by in between here is not between what some english speakers would consider ah and a , the sound he makes is more like uh . 
  when he says in between what he means is a partially open sound , the `` uh '' he demonstrates is what we call a mid or mid open sound . 
  when he says in between he means somewhere in between open and closed . 
  what he 's stressing is that the italian - a vowel is very open , but so is both - a and - ah in english . 
  however the sound in italian is typically the `` open central unrounded vowel '' which can be written so / \u00e4 / . 
  the sound many english speakers consider - a ( as in trap ) is a `` near-open front unrounded vowel '' which can be written / \u00e6 / . 
  i 'll add americans typically do this . 
  i personally use something closer to / a / , the `` open front unrounded vowel '' , alongside many british people , which is even more open than what many americans use . 
  the sound many english speakers consider - ah ( as some british people might say in a word like `` past '' , and american speakers tend to deserve for loan words like `` milan '' ) is an `` open back unrounded vowel '' which can be written / \u0251 /, 
  / \u00e4 / lies between / \u00e6 / ( or / a / ) and / \u0251 / in terms in how fronted the vowel is , thus making it roughly in between the two sounds . 
  feel free to [ play around with it ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ipa_vowel_chart_with_audio ) until you can hear the difference between what an actual italian says and when an american say mil-ahn or a brit says milan , either way you 're saying it wrong . 
  i 'll also add that all dialects within a language differ in how precisely the position vowels , and it 's still pretentious to de facto ascribe a certain sound to loan words when when they 're well established words within a vowel . 
  hell , americans go around saying `` pahsta '' but then they say `` cruhsahnt '' , why even bother eh ? 
   1 ) in sound ( for pasta ) , would n't you agree that the us pronunciation is closer to the italians ? 
  no it 's not any closer to / \u00e4 / , especially when compared to the sound british people and some americans use in a word like `` trap '' which is the open front unrounded rather than the near front open unrounded . 
  one is front `` a '' the other is back `` ah '' the italian sound is central making it dead in the middle of the two . 
   why is it pretentious ? 
  because it 's an affectation , americans only do it when they perceive the word to be foreign , they still say `` cruhsahnt '' and `` day-bree '' . 
  the `` ah '' sound has more or less been eliminated from all american accents , so why force yourself to use an uncommon vowel sound . 
  it just seems a bit douchey to say `` hey , i want everyone to know i know this word is foreign '' . 
  saying `` cruhsahnt '' is the perfect example of why using `` ah '' for all `` foreign '' words is douchy , the french - an is n't anywhere near `` ah '' because it 's rounded and `` ah '' is unrounded . 
  in fact is asides a few exceptions the `` ah '' sound is n't used in american english ( it is all the time in many british accents ) , americans perceive this sound `` ah '' to be foreign , which is why they put it into `` foreign words '' when actually it 's a part of english they lost which has some irony . 
   and do you know why the british sound is less open and more front ? 
  no the british pronounce the sound more open and equally front . 
  americans tend to pronounce it a bit more closed . 
  there 's no real reason for this , accents do as they please from a myriad of social and historical reasons too complex to guess .
