  seriously all these people who talk about english being an easy language due to the lack of conjugation , declension and gender need to realise that the nuance in english is simply much harder to express than der/die/das or anything that obvious . 
  you are right . 
  just instantly responding to someone 's polite request for information with `` hurr durr americans ca n't understand any game without loads of stoppage '' is for once an actual anti-american circlejerk . 
  mods should delete this thread . 
  there were also british rape gangs but they had the audacity to join the bbc, 
  take my upvote and get out you cheeky rapscallion, 
  i do feel sorry for those mutilated chaps who require lubricant to crank one out ... foreskin is the only lubricant any man should need for solo work . 
  [ for god , good king george , and country !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=woeyppoblaw ), 
  there 's forty shilling on the drum ,, 
  for those who volunteer to come ,, 
  to enlist and fight the foe today ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  o'er the hills and o'er the main ,, 
  through flanders , portugal and spain ,, 
  king george commands and we obey ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  when duty calls me , i must go ,, 
  to stand and face another foe ,, 
  but part of me will always stray ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  o'er the hills and o'er the main ,, 
  through flanders , portugal and spain ,, 
  king george commands and we obey ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  if i should fall to rise no more ,, 
  as many comrades did before ,, 
  then ask the fifes and drums to play ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  o'er the hills and o'er the main ,, 
  through flanders , portugal and spain ,, 
  king george commands and we obey ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  fall in lads behind the drum ,, 
  with colours blazing like the sun ,, 
  along the road to come what may ,, 
  over the hills and far away ,, 
  o'er the hills and o'er the main ,, 
  through flanders , portugal and spain ,, 
  king george commands and we obey ,, 
  over the hills and far away . 
  someone needs to watch american psycho, 
  finally we know who was phone :o, 
  calling the boot of a car the boot is n't slang , it 's the actual word for that part of the car . 
  unless you 're that deaf guy who got shot for failing to comply because he was holding a knife and could n't hear the order . 
  yeah the world of work is quite perverse . 
  it 's all to do with the legal ramifications of employment imo . 
  ok but it 's still wrong to call a proper word `` slang '' , that was my point . 
  that 's totally not the meaning of this quote . 
  the point he was making was that being offended by itself is meaningless . 
  people should n't make fun of people 's sexuality or mental health for good reasons , and people will be offended if you make homophobic remarks or mock mental health . 
  there point he 's making is that the good reasons why you should n't do these things are totally unrelated to the fact it will offend people . 
  merely the fact that something offends someone is n't a reason to stop doing it , so the argument `` this should be stopped because it offends me/someone '' is pile of crap . 
  jizzy 's missions are much worse , the train one is fine once you realise you have to get distance from the train or the guys do n't get killed . 
  because your being offended in and of itself does no impact whether it 's right or wrong to do something . 
  it 's not wrong to make homophobic remarks simply because some people are offended by it . 
  if someone says i think italian food is awful and you say `` i 'm offended by that '' it does n't matter , your being offended is no reason to stop expressing that opinion . 
  when discussing issues like politics or religion people often talk about being offended as that discredits the other person 's opinion , when in fact it makes no difference at all . 
  if someone says `` i think the wearing of a burka is barbaric '' and someone says `` that offends me '' , the only response is so what ? 
  the fact it offends some people does n't make it wrong to say it . 
  [ mirror ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=53gafue0fwq ), 
  `` i 've ever drunk '' * ... uk must into proper english, 
  i would assume a high percentage of people have credit cards , although i could n't speak for their level of debt . 
  i find it very odd how taboo credit cards are in some countries . 
  it seems completely infantile how some dutch and german people i know feel towards them . 
  having credit available is definitely a good thing , and how responsible a person with their available credit is entirely up to the individual . 
  in some countries people will assume from the mere possession of a credit card you must be financially irresponsible which seems laughable to me . 
  god that was painful to read . 
  it 's subjective precisely because it is n't real . 
  cool lies about other country bro . 
  wow you need to change all of that . 
  if you 're going to add a selfie at least make it decent . 
  the bottom left and right photos are awful . 
  you can leave the costume stuff since it adds interest . 
  try and get someone to take a flattering photo of you that does n't look like a tinder selfie . 
  change that about you section , the first sentence is ok but the rest must go . 
  oh he 's definitely asian . 
  you might not be able to hear it but there 's a strong asian influence there . 
  nice professional victim mentality you 've got there . 
  nothing transphobic about this at all . 
  so tell me again how a few shitty fabricated anecdotes make the racism in other countries quantitatively worse than racism in the uk . 
  even allowing for your lack of evidence , tell me how your sample of five countries tells us how the uk is comparatively immigrant friendly compared to all the other developed nations immigrants might want to move to . 
  fyi sweden also has a far vocal and prolific pro-immigration element than we do in the uk . 
  so please tell me how a polarised minority of right wingers in sweden makes the country overall less friendly towards immigrants . 
  seriously , your logic could be torn apart by a school kid ... 
  shame america ca n't make real whisky/whiskey . 
  just too effeminate . 
  one is irish and one is scottish . 
  one guys anecdote is a good reason for the stereotype ? 
  [ oh look statistically britons have the best teeth in the world ] ( http://www.economist.com/node/15060097 ), 
  sorry the tits were censored , one nip slip and your country loses its mind . 
  go fuck yourself, 
  actually the uk has both, 
  no left side driving is safer due to more people having a dominant right eye . 
  it makes little difference , uk safety records are good per capita . 
  blah blah , cba your shit, 
  oh look the world does n't revolve around you , how shocking , i 'm sorry if your small provincial mind was blown by other people using language you 're not accustomed to . 
  one it 's not that dependent , two the us fucking loves taking over military protection of other nations , there are massive benefits to doing so when it comes to international hard power . 
  the us has been doing everything in its power to prevent the remilitarisation of europe since ww2 . 
  all the americans bitching about eu dependence on us military protection need to fucking understand it 's entirely the us 's doing .
