  in reality you 're not going to be able to do all those things in the future what with the rate that natural resources are diminishing . 
  we only really had these things at the expense of the billions of people in poverty anyway , if we 'd had to share the wealth we 'd have never have been able to make sports cars and other such luxuries anyway . 
  source ? 
  i 'm 99 % sure that 's wrong . 
  the object form of he is him . 
  [ here 's one source that supports me ] ( http://englishplus.com/grammar/00000233.htm ) , and [ another ] ( http://www.wordwebonline.com/en/lieawake ) . 
  no offence mate but i think you 're talking out your arse . 
  the object does n't change regardless of the tense , it would n't matter if your were past or present ( or future or perfect for that matter ) . 
  he lies awake . 
  he lay awake . 
  he has lain awake . 
  an object would require something to be laid . 
  he lay himself down , he laid himself down , he has laid himself down . 
  no , he is the subject that is doing the lying . 
  the form is [ subject ] [ verb ] [ adverb ] . 
  nothing is being `` done unto '' ( for lack of a better expression ) , in this sentence . 
  it 's not different from `` i run quickly '' , `` i lie awake '' in the present , i ran quickly and i lay awake in the past . 
  sorry for assuming you were american but it 's a much more common mistake over there . 
  programmes behave , or more specifically how programming languages behave , not programmers haha !, 
  although they are surely an ill-behaved bunch . 
  too much american tv will do that to you , it seems to be practically standard in many parts of the us although it 's not official . 
  it 's one of those hypercorrections like `` between you and i '' which are actually wrong but since there 's more of a taboo against saying `` you and me '' in the wrong place people end up just making the opposite mistake . 
  that 's a gross oversimplification and i think you know it . 
  real life logic is overrated , if such a thing exists at all . 
  errr ... ok , when you make a statement like `` programming is logic '' it seems to not make that point very clearly . 
  programming is using logic to tell a computer wtf to do , but what a computer does does in some ways arbitrary . 
  then there 's the syntax needed to tell the computer to do those things , which is again quite arbitrary . 
  what 's interesting is how the common law system , as used in the uk and usa actually allows this to happen . 
  in germany for example there is no such thing as a plaintiff dropping charges in a criminal case really . 
  if the police suspect strongly enough that you have broken the law then the government will prosecute in the interest of up holding the law . 
  it does not require a victim * to actually file charges and show up in court . 
  furthermore as a witness you are legally required to attend court and if you do n't then you can be fined for it . 
  this is definitely one of those case where under the civil law system both parties could end up in court , especially given that the woman 's finger had been bitten . 
  the fact that her finger had been bitten would itself be enough to bring a case , regardless of what the woman with the bitten finger felt about the matter . 
  the downside of this is that it creates a lot of busy work for the courts with cases that do n't really go anywhere , but there 's a definite plus side to the notion that the law should be enforced regardless of whether even the the injured party wants it to be . 
  that 's a hella good idea . 
  the us subsidizes our economy , they 're doing us a favor !, 
  i 'm a true brit , my mom was scotch and so was my ant , and i think we need to realize how much we owe the us !, 
  do the math !, 
  the us is the most diverse country in the world , they spent so much on our defense . 
  europeans still have n't learned how awesome the usa is !, 
  do n't you mean `` go to thailand , friend '' ( \u0e07 \u0360 \u00b0 \u0644\u035c \u00b0 ) \u0e07, 
  i feel like putting the teacher first was bad move , since he was the least convincing women and made me suspect something was off from the start . 
  it 's actually not as hard as people think . 
  you start with very simple sentence structure . 
  you can start with pronoun + form of to be + adjective and word from there . 
  and so on , then you can teach the present tense form of to have by picking something up , telling everyone it 's name and passing it around . 
  the you can teach negation by giving someone it then taking it away , then giving it back , and so on . 
  you can teach time by looking at a clock ( which is universal thankfully ) . 
  the you can start to introduce a past tense form . 
  it 's amazing how quickly people will pick up the basic patterns in a language . 
  soon they 'll be constructing basic sentences , and once they 've picked up maybe the first most important 200 words of a language it 's just the same as ever really . 
  i do n't really get the question . 
  i do have both experience and training . 
  that said i 've never taught a class of complete beginners , the lowest i 've taught is a2 and they were adults who were familiar with many english words due to the exposure one has to english when living in the west . 
  however it does n't really take that much to know that there are some universals that with be the same in any culture . 
  pointing for example for nouns , acting out behaviours for verbs , giving words for fundamental emotions that are completely universals . 
  it 's just common sense really . 
  the most important thing is that you are engaged and very patient with beginners . 
  there 's definitely a elemental of acting when teaching beginners . 
  i 'm not making an intellectual joke . 
  well in germany the police write reports it 's their job . 
  you do n't need 25 witness a couple will suffice . 
  you definitely do n't need to shut down the whole area , just protect any relevant evidence . 
  most countries do n't use juries for anything but the most serious offences and some do n't use them at all . 
  what the hell have a bunch of regular joes got deciding who goes to prison . 
  sueing and counter sueing flippantly is the sign of a bad system if anything . 
  awesome , learned , mom, 
  i do n't see your point . 
  it should not take 40 pages of reports to deal with that . 
  i find the very idea incredulous . 
  germany in a heavily bureaucratic society with plenty of paperwork , yet it does n't require 40 pages to fill in over a kicked door . 
  either the system is inherently flawed or the police are exaggerating the work required out of sheer laziness . 
  do n't worry , there 's no requirement not to be stupid on the internet . 
  still , just because something does n't `` immediately reveal '' itself to you do n't mean it wo n't to other people . 
  you really had no right to criticise the joke , anyone with a background in logic or mathematics would get it immediately . 
  looks kinda meh to me , too many bowls . 
  bowls seem like a waste of time if you 're a rollerblader . 
  they can be fun , sure , but i 've never got much out of them . 
  if an american posted this then everywhere is a fucking city . 
  americans have a very loose definition of city , no cathedral requirement there . 
  you mean even before 1947 !, 
  i 'm surprised nobody has said munich either . 
  not only is it right next to dachau , but also was the heart of nazi propaganda , the museum of perverse art , and it looks like a toytown to make it a bit more eerie . 
  no i 'm not . 
  there is a big difference between civil and criminal law ( a distinction almost all legal systems make ) , and a common law and civil law systems ( two different systems of legal organisation , one based on the british medieval system the other hailing back to the roman system ) . 
  i know that in the us they have das , and in the uk they have the crown persecution service . 
  in the uk criminal cases a literally defendant vs the queen . 
  however the difference occurs mostly at the level of the police . 
  in most civil law countries ( at least the rich ones ) , something like this could not not be written up , even if no arrests were made . 
  the civil law system is simply , here is the law , has it been broken ? 
  if yes then prosecute . 
  the common law system , due to a differing historical narrative , is much more adversarial . 
  the prosecution and defence battle it out to see if the crime can be proved . 
  this involves stuff like cross-examination and such , which means that under common law if witnesses / victims are reluctant , it makes the prosecutors job much harder . 
  in civil law there is no cross examination of witnesses by lawyers , the judge asks the questions and the judge decides if they 're guilty , witness are legally obliged to turn up and tell the truth . 
  the role of judges in each system is very different . 
  in a common law system the judge is really just there to assist on matters of law , a bit like a referee , he makes sure neither side does anything wrong , he ascertains which laws have been broken if found guilty , he decides on sentencing and abides by the law , he advises the jury and he is a kind of depository for legal knowledge . 
  a civil law judge is an entirely different creature . 
  often he takes a totally separate career path from that of a lawyer .
