  edit : oh look a downvote , i wonder which pathetic entitled idiot thought that he deserved a high wage for doing a shit job that could be done far more efficiently in poland or wherever else . 
  alternatively how america likes to basically appropriate shit that is good to deal with the cognitive dissonance of living in a country where american is synonymous with good and there being good things outside america . 
  do n't worry , america has been stealing our language , culture , accomplishments , inventions , celebrities for so long we 're used to it . 
  remember guys benjamin franklin invented electricity , nuclear fission was invented during the manhattan project , the television , the telephone , the computer , the light bulb , the actual functional thing that we call the internet today rather than a way to share data sets through phone lines that nobody gave a shit about , penicillin , all totally american as apple pie ( which is also totally american since george washington was the first genius to combine apple and pastry ) . 
  it 's only all the other countries in the world that disagree . 
  more like so brave that they try to eat an egg sized chocolate in one mouthful without considering that such an act could obstruct one 's windpipe . 
  you 're the one telling revisionist lies sadly . 
  all serious historians agree that the war would 've been won without us troops on the ground . 
   there is not a single credible historian, 
  except all of them . 
  try picking up a book some time . 
  except that 's exactly what you 're doing . 
  i 'm just repeating what well respected historians have been saying for decades now , even without the western front the allies would 've won . 
  oh i should 've looked at the username , it 's you ... everyone knows you 're a cunt . 
  no point having this discussion . 
  except you 're renown across reddit as the mouthpiece of moronic pro-us propaganda and revisionist ww2 history . 
  whenever someone is talking about war you 're there spouting your complete bullshit . 
  whenever america is criticised you 're there defending heinous practices because it 's only the us that gets criticised right ? 
  dae think reddit is le anti-america circeljerk huehue ? 
  lots of people think you 're a cunt , even your countrymen . 
  now go on call me a degenerate limey or whatever clich\u00e9 bullshit you 've got lined up . 
  there 's going to be more than air rifles . 
  due to the us pro gun lobby 's hysteria i think most americans are lead to believe the uk outlaws all guns . 
  in fact you 're still allowed guns that serve a purpose like regular hunting rifles and shotguns . 
  pheasant , rabbit and duck shooting is all pretty common in the uk , and also delicious . 
  the main difference is there is no right to shoot in self-defence in the uk , people are generally of the opinion that if someone robs you , let them , that 's what you have insurance for . 
  the justice system alone should and does serve as an adequate deterrent against robbing people at home . 
  how is 7 months suspended a slap on the wrist ? 
  that 's still a criminal record that will massively influence their lives . 
  seems about right to me . 
  wow thanks for that !, 
  worthy of publishing !, 
  nobody cares , this is a hypothetical discussion , also stick your star spangled banner up your arse ... beacon that lights the world rofl, 
  but the uk could 've just put a base there whenever they 'd wanted ? 
  yes because the mere act of having a queen and a national church must mean these institutions are tyrannical overlords controlling the country . 
  not at all historical traditions that mean fuck all in the real world . 
  merely having them is inherently barbaric despite the fact they do nothing at all and provide loads of free advantages . 
  also the uk is only 2 % behind the us in terms of immigrations as a percentage of population . 
  try harder ... 
  to be fair if my government were handing out heavy custodial sentences for weed possession i 'd see that as a big issue too . 
  that 's why useful guns like hunting rifles and shotguns are legal in the uk ? 
  the usa - her majesty 's farm since 1776, 
  as an average brit frankly i do n't give a shit about american football and i 'm 99.99 % certain i never will . 
  there 'll always be a few fans of anything just as some cricket fans exist in the us . 
  it 's just not . 
  i was shocked in europe when a cashier opens another til and half the people jump for it and form a new queue rather than splitting off the same queue alternately to ensure maximum fairness . 
  what is the right things to say then ? 
  i never seem to get this right . 
  i 've tried everything from saying `` f\u00fcnf zur\u00fcck , bitte '' ( if i 'm paying with a twenty and want to pay 15 and the meal cost 13 for example ) , to saying `` nimm zwei '' ( in the same situation ) , to `` k\u00f6nnte ich f\u00fcnfzehn zahlen , bitte '' . 
  all seem to make my native german friends roll their eyes . 
  also i 'll add that personally i find the act of specifying what i want to tip the waiter to their face quite barbaric and offensive to my british sensibilities . 
  frankly the leave the tip on the table after the waiter has left method works a lot better since it means there 's more incentive for the waiter to do a good job rather than relying on the awkwardness that occurs when you do n't tip to guilt people into tipping even when service was bad . 
   what it is that brings us together . 
  dear americans , stop bonding over fucking stupid superficial material things . 
  big whoop we like some of the same foods . 
  wow you have that brand in america too ? 
  might as well invite the whole family over for dinner . 
  you like the same sport as me ? 
  well whoopty fucking do , we 're obviously brothers in arms , let 's get married in civil ceremony and honeymoon in the bahamas together whilst we look into each other 's eyes lovingly sharing a seafood platter . 
  seriously stop it , these things are fucking public property , that means any cunt can like them . 
  they are in no way indicative that we 'll get on as people . 
  stop trying to find things that are relatable about me , is your mindset so entrenched that you can only humanise a foreigner once you find out you both like ranch dressing ? 
  stop trying to force a bond , chill the fuck out and maybe we 'll like each other as human beings rather than due to any old bloody similarity of insignificant experience or banal consumer preference we share . 
  guess what we could have absolutely nothing in common with each other and no common ground to relate over and still get on like a house on fire due to the compatibilities of our personalities which is nothing to do with whether we 've eaten the same fish before . 
  variety is the spice of life , is n't our shared humanity enough ? 
  i know this is coming off as a little extreme but it 's the one thing americans do that i can not comprehend and comes off incredibly fake and off putting . 
  stop profiling me and attempting to understand and bridge our differences , then maybe we 'll actually hit it off as human beings . 
  both of your examples are spot on , and both are the types of things that are incredibly off-putting about americans , why do you need to do this ? 
  if you want to understand my culture buy a bloody book . 
  i would genuinely like to know what compels this behaviour , why does everyone need to be compared and evaluated ? 
  do you an overwhelming urge feel satisfied in believing you 've understood why we are n't identical ? 
  this desire in itself is unhealthy and whatever you conclude will only be reductive , like you 're putting people in boxes . 
  it 's just puzzling to me . 
  i ca n't understand why americans are like this ... 
  it 's really not a good quality . 
  technically only in weed caf\u00e9s and at home . 
  although in my experience if you take yourself off somewhere where you 're not bothering anyone nobody cares . 
  walking down a busy street with a huge smoke in your mouth stinking up the place merely because it 's `` legal '' ( although it is n't ) is a definite faux pas . 
  yeah this happen in berlin as well in tourist areas , they give you what looks like a petition and then start pointing at a donation column . 
  ended up giving her 2 euros just so she 'd leave me the fuck alone . 
  then she had the nerve to looked pissed off and point at the clearly fake names that had apparently give 20 euros . 
  fuck those guys . 
  weird germans are the opposite , they feel patronised if you mangle your german with the attitude of `` do you really think my english is worse than that horrible sentence you just failed at ? '', 
  so does the difference between bavarian and hessian but fuck me if you could tell the difference before being decently proficient in german first . 
  i know tipping is n't required though . 
  it 's pretty much identical to england here . 
  10 % for decent service , nothing if it 's bad . 
  i just feel awkward specifying precisely what i think they deserve to their face , i really do n't want that kind of personal interaction with my waiter !, 
  seems more tactful when it 's a surprise for them after i 've walked away . 
  the only major difference to the uk here other than the method of delivery is the custom of tipping for drinks orders , although often i do n't bother some germans have frowned on me for this . 
  i mean wow you carried two beers the whole of 20 metres , that 's not tip worthy imo !, 
  in my version pikachu was like damn you hideous , and then like `` omfg are you woman ? '' . 
  shit 's fucked up . 
  now do n't get me wrong i 'm no eugenicist , but if for some reason i had to make a case for eugenics this would be my first point of call . 
  come on have you seen the size of some of the german flats available ? 
  fair enough , but the there 's no doubt the germans are comfortable with `` bijou '' living . 
  one thing that strikes me though is that so many people live in big flat blocks often with very good build quality . 
  since everyone want their own house in the uk the impetus to build cheap new build crap is there just make make affordable standalone housing . 
  i just mean i 've seen some very small apartments , lots of kitchenettes , utilities slotted into very petite spaces . 
  then again in central munich the demand for accommodation is very in demand so my opinion may be skewed,
