  however i do n't think humans are consequentialists either . 
  frankly we seem to pick and choose between ethical schemas when we feel like it . 
  certain action rationally justifiable by consequentialist morality in fact seem abhorrent . 
  people will be accused of `` playing god '' . 
  i do n't think humans are entirely either , that is to say morality is irreducible to either consequentialist or deontological formulae . 
   legal systems are not the best example to invoke if you 're talking about unchanging , universal morality . 
  i 'm not a lawyer , but i think having a gun to your head would definitely change the case from a simple murder situation . 
  it 's clearly extreme coercion . 
  people are protected from contracts if its signed under coercion , why would murder not the same if not more so ? 
  yes but this is about a case where a gun is to your head . 
  imagine whatever happens we somehow know with certainty could will be free to go , the fact is the gun is to other people 's head unless you commit a murder . 
  a situation like this would no doubt be more legally troublesome . 
   god is all knowing in the christian religion regardless of free will . 
  i know that 's a paradox but christians either do n't understand why , are willing to overlook that fact or believe that a god that is all powerful can create a existence where two contradictory things can co-exist and neither be wrong . 
  actually that entire depends on which version of christianity you subscribe to . 
  for example many different sects of belief like calvinism split off precisely because of disputes over this very matter . 
  i 'll put forward three ways of seeing thing . 
  1 ) god is omnipotent , omniscient and omnibenevolent , except in the fact that he can not predict or influence free will without it ceasing to be free . 
  therefore there is a limitation to his omnipotence and omniscience , he is subject to logical consistency . 
  2 ) god is omnipotent , omniscient and omnibenevolent , he is capable of predicting and influencing whatever we 'll do however as a product of his omnibenevolence he chooses not to do so . 
  god therefore allows free will in the true sense purposely by not interfering . 
  ( this is not to say he could not 3 ) , but he chooses not to ), 
  3 ) god is omnipotent , omniscient and omnibenevolent . 
  he allows us free will as a product of his omnibenevolence . 
  as a product of his omnipotence he is able to allow us freewill but also know what we 'll do and influence it , which leads to a straight up contradiction , however god is not subject to logic and therefore it is beyond out understanding . 
  personally i 'd go with 2 ) . 
  historically protestants have put more focus on free will , people are sinners because they sin , than catholicism , people sin because they are sinners however they can find redemption in confession and prayer . 
   i think the reason for religion coming about in the first place is to explain the unexplainable, 
  i do n't see how that is any different from what i 'm saying . 
  people explaining why they feel x but rationalise y , is no different to people explaining lightning with a smith in the sky banging his hammer . 
   acting a particular way because you believe that there will be repercussions incurred by god is completely rational if you believe in god . 
  yes , ultimately why i think the notion of god as arbiter was constructed . 
   people do the good thing because they believe it will benefit them consciously or otherwise . 
  yes that explains a lot of ethics except when it borders into irrational behaviour . 
   this is always the case and is one of the baseis for evolution . 
  i do n't see this as particular relevant since evolution is more of an explanation of how rather than why . 
  yes primates are social animals , that could easily explain how we came to have these capacities . 
  to say we evolved x therefore we do y however is reductive in that it fails to acknowledge that humans are semi-rational animals capable of changing their behaviour as they often have through history . 
   if the behaviour does in fact benefit the individual then it will often be passed down into the next generation bettering their change of survival or reproduction . 
  ok , but this does n't mean it 's always ethical . 
  in times of famine it 's evolutionarily advantageous to be greedy at the expense of those weaker and able to take their share than you are . 
   cognitive dissonance comes about when a person wants to do something to benefit themselves but which conflicts with their religion or other ideologies . 
  i disagree . 
  if someone truly believes then it 's rational for them to deny an urge . 
  cognitive dissonance is a cerebral matter , it is holding two contradictory propositions to be true simultaneously . 
  what you 're talking about is more like repression . 
   there are no truly altruistic acts that are not irrational . 
  true i agree . 
  my fetish is threads on / r/askreddit asking about what peoples ' fetishes are . 
  fortunately there is a new one every day or so , so i 'm never left wanting for decent fap material . 
  enough internets for one day i think, 
  actually all you have to do is look at the frontpage and see how pro american this site is . 
  anti-republician perhaps , but really pro american . 
  cos this site is full of pro-american bias and idiots . 
  i 'm enjoying a full and satisfying life and occasionally posting on reddit, 
  ze silly canadien , ee does not noe wher to poot de zeds !, 
  you 're wrong , say - ou , it does n't go further back than that, 
  i came, 
  english sentence structure is n't germanic . 
  pipe down province . 
  french has all the back vowels too . 
  actually all of them . 
  english only has 3, 
  no idea bro , looks sexy though . 
  try a reverse image search . 
  ok english syntax has always seemed more like french to me though than any germanic language i 've come across . 
  i thought frisian and old english both often had verbs in the final position, 
  illuminati confirmed, 
  that 's so crazy , i 'd imagine that in europe the theme parks are closed on those days !, 
  even if they were open who would go to ride roller coasters at christmas ? 
  you 're meant to be eating and drinking at home with your family . 
  i would n't say 20 people getting measles is that big of a story . 
  look how smug he is , he 's even pronouncing that croissant correctly , he knows which province of france the wine was made , and also how the ftse is doing compared with the dow . 
  silly americans , get on our level . 
  american delusions . 
  telephone , invented by a scot in canada but patented in the us , therefore american !, 
  ( actually invented by an italian before that ) . 
  lots of people here are jewish / muslim / hindu but i rather see them at theme parks on national holidays !, 
  is that somewhere in the pacific or something ? 
  sounds spanish . 
  this is a great post . 
  i think the whole thing can be summarised by the fact that disturbingly whilst reddit is decidedly pro-america , it 's quite worryingly actually more democrat leaning and international than american society at large . 
  the types of people are here are at least able to use a computer to the extent they might visit a message board , the demographic is no doubt a bit more educated and younger than the average us voting demographic . 
  therefore coming from such a country , just saying things like `` finland 's education system is loads better than america '' , `` homicides per capita in many european countries might indicate that gun control activists have a point '' , '' % of gdp spent on healthcare in countries with nationalised healthcare compared to us spending might suggest it 's a better system overall '' are perceived as anti-american circlejerks , because a large percentage of reddit agrees with them ( both the progressive americans and the other nationalities on this site ) whilst a larger portion of the us public at large would not . 
  what they miss is that these posts are n't `` anti-american '' , they 're just politically progressive people criticising national policy . 
  however what they do n't pay attention to it that whenever these issues come up is that usually further down the thread you 'll find posts say things like : `` the us subsidises european healthcare with its military support ! '', 
  `` we pay for nato ! '', 
  `` yuropoors only have low homicide rates because they are ethnically homogeneous !, 
  we have too many ethnics ! '', 
  `` us healthcare is the best in the world ( if you 're a millionaire * ) '' `` europe is under sharia law '' and so on and so forth . 
  i would n't necessarily call these majority opinions on reddit but they get enough exposure to make them patently obvious . 
  there 's also the constant displays of what they call `` ironic nationalism '' ( although the secret is that it 's not ironic at all ) . 
  so you 'll always have posts getting upvoted as hell saying `` there 's two kinds of country in the world , those who use the metric system and those who 've walked on the moon '' , `` murica !, 
  fuck yeah '' , `` non-americans bitching about americans on an american website , do n't forget to thank us for your freedom '' , `` 8 of the top 10 universities in the us ! '', 
  `` y' all be speaking german if it was n't for us '' . 
  somehow these are not meant seriously apparently despite getting hundreds of upvotes and lacking any hint of irony . 
  it 's circlejerk tastic . 
  maybe at the end of the day we can have both , we have circlejerks shitting all over anyone who dissents from the average progressive young american 's viewpoint ( pro-democrat , pro-liberalism , pro-choice , pro-sexual rights , anti-religion ) and so forth , yet the site to be overall quite pro-america at least more than half the time . 
  the problem really arises from these patriots who do n't seem to be able to differentiate america from traditionalist american values like laissez-faire capitalism , freedom of speech , reduced government , gun ownership and so on . 
  that 's all well and good that gridiron is having some limited success , but it 's still a minority sport .
