  britain is n't just castles and palaces you know ... although we do have these things . 
  much london looks like something out of a dystopian novel with vast shining metal spaceship looking buildings towering above brutal crumbling victorian architecture set on narrow ancient streets that twist and turn in their shadow . 
  it 's quite hl2-esque with a touch of dishonoured steampunk for good measure . 
  most of the other large cities saw huge growth in the 19th and early 20th century with the growth of industrialism ( while many historical cities did n't keep up and became more like towns ) , but have n't seen the large scale investment of london and many other foreign cities in the last few decades which means minimal skyscrapers and things like that . 
  consequently they mostly consist of rather harrowing red brick victorian architecture in the older parts . 
  the last time these places saw any serious prosperity was in the post war era meaning the newer parts are mostly soulless post ww2 generic commercial building and warehouses , much of the architecture reminiscent of something that the soviets would 've built in the 60s , lots of grey concrete and right angles . 
  brutalism style architecture is n't rare , especially when it comes to public buildings . 
  inner city housing was built en mass to house factory workers which means inner city houses all look the same and are crammed together to fit people as efficiently as possible . 
  it 's hardly the `` shire '' - like idealistic living that some imagine . 
  britain is also vastly more densely populated than much of the world , and much of england at least might feel like one never ending stretch of city / suburbia to some ( at least if they stick to the bigger more popular areas ) , with only small amounts of green belt between towns and cities comparatively . 
  urban sprawl is n't as bad ( people live more compactly ) as in the us ( although it 's more sprawling than most of europe ) but there are a lot more people sharing the same space you wo n't find fairytale wilderness within 50 miles of any of the major city conurbations and you really need to drive away from them to find any land that could be described as `` rugged '' or `` untamed '' . 
  most open land in england is intensively farmed by ( comparatively ) tiny farms with small fields set along boundaries decided hundreds of years ago . 
  the few forests we still have are usually the result of conservation . 
  unless you have a special interest in hedgerow ( something almost entirely unique to britain whereby all fields are marked by hedges ) , it wo n't be of much interest . 
  british countryside just feels like one big garden with the occasional cow or sheep sitting in the corner . 
  scotland and wales have almost all the inhospitable wilderness in the uk . 
  then again , americans are easily pleased when it comes to history . 
  show them anything over 100 years old and they get excited . 
  show them some 1920s-built mock tudor houses and they 'll think they 're in a fairytale . 
  also you have enough rugged wilderness in the us , europe 's not the place to go for that really if you 're in the us , canada is just as beautiful and a lot more rugged . 
  / thread . 
  that was actually interesting . 
  best thing : ale from the tap . 
  worst thing : price too high to go there unless you 've got an excuse . 
  i bet if beer were 2 quid a pint we 'd see a revival of our old pub culture . 
  i do n't understand this , did the girl actually indicate that she did n't want to be there or something , seems like there 's information missing . 
  otherwise , she was 19 , seems like an overreaction on the taxi drivers behalf . 
  it might not suit his self inflated sense of morality but ultimately two adults can do what they want with the law , regardless of how abhorrent you might think it . 
  surely it 's the victim that decides if it 's sexual assault or not . 
  either it was case of sexual assault or it was none of those guys business , i fear people will assume the worse simply because he 's foreign and there 's an age gap . 
  edit : i 'm not defending him i 'm just saying there 's info missing . 
  a short video does n't actually give you all the facts . 
  you can have horrendous foreign policy and still have good policies alongside them . 
  ireland has always had irish speakers though whereas scottish was dead and was revived more artificially . 
  it died out more than irish . 
  you ca n't question universal suffrage , it 's a key principle of western democracy . 
  anyway , the problem is n't with voting it 's with referenda on issues that a large number of people are incapable of assessing in any meaningful or objective sense . 
  sounds me like you 've been in the ex-pat bubble for too long and have n't spent enough time around ordinary uk people . 
  hating them and calling them names wo n't achieve anything . 
  honestly , most people with knowledge of the international business world understand that brexit is a bad idea because they realise what a pain it 's going to be to implement and what we end up with on the other side is certainly going to be inferior to what we have . 
  but ordinary people do n't think about things like import and export costs , the cost of doing business between two vastly different legal frameworks vs the cost of doing business within a single one . 
  nor do they think about the costs of implementing legislation , or the suffering they are inflicting on british expats and eu citizens living in the uk . 
  most of brexiteers i 've met say very simple arguments like `` there 's too many people '' and `` things were simpler when there was no eu '' etc. 
  not everyone who voted leave has really thought about the consequences and decided that 's how they want to the future to look , most have just gone with their gut and barely thought it through at all , they 're naive not evil . 
  why do n't you engage your brain ? 
  the sale of financial services is a complicated thing . 
  yes , we do business with american selling financial services all the time , but we have to function within their regulatory framework . 
  since we are foreign companies in the us there are various limitations on what we can and ca n't do , that make us different from us based banks . 
  the eu has made the sale of financial services to other eu member states vastly easier , and equivalency is easier to achieve and foreign companies are more comfortable buying financial services in london that they would never consider buying from say , new york , as ny is not in the eu . 
  in a post-brexit environment it would be back to the old way of doing business with foreign countries . 
  a chunk of services will be lost to banks within the eu , as companies ditch london based providers to avoid unnecessary complications and red tape . 
  dear god , it 's patently clear you do n't have a clue how international business takes place . 
  stop making a fool of yourself . 
  fortnightly , when our team meet to discuss sales , i translate the minutes into american , and have done for many years now . 
  if i miss something our md has a right old whinge , and i have to do it again straight away . 
  i tend not to faff around lest he suss me out and throw a wobbly . 
  i like to think i 've got quite good at it but i ought n't boast . 
  my point was merely that we do n't know all the facts . 
  the video was just a snapshot we should suspend judgement until the facts are known . 
  honestly , i found it hard to assess exactly what had happened from the video , all i heard was some angry northern bloke 's opinion of what happened . 
  if she was assaulted then the guy should go to prison , that 's what the law says , however , excuse me for being suspect of angry northern blokes who whip out their camera phones and loudly shout their 3rd party account of events . 
  the franks were n't really french . 
  yeah , but be careful , you do n't help the cause by calling all leavers stupid stupid working class incompetents and old people senile idiots trying to live in a fantasy . 
  you 're just feeding the narrative that claims the remain supporters are all elitists who have benefited from big business while the poor have been left out to try . 
  it 's natural to be angry , especially if you 're a briton living in the eu , but the time for anger is over and the time to work productively towards fixing this mess has arrived . 
  where 's your source on that ? 
  i thought he 'd only been arrested . 
  i do n't know how recent this was but conviction usually takes a while . 
  i was n't say he was racist , all i was saying is we should wait to see the result , the video is really conclusive on anything . 
  fair enough then . 
  when i posted my first comment there were barely any other comments and i mostly just watched the video . 
  nice to know it 's already come to a resolution . 
  that 's an irish thing . 
  is that pronounced threp-knee or thrup-knee , because i hear that was once quite the controversy . 
  the mentality of american employers and the mentality they 've successfully socially engineered into the culture of their workers seems downright masochistic . 
   it depends you can get one for medical reasons . 
  most retail stores dont have room for chairs . 
  the cashier is expected to be doing something when not helping customers like organizing the products around the register and cleaning . 
  most jobs are understaffed just enough for there not to have time to sit . 
  the is just the kind of utter shit americans are trained to trot out when there 's something inadequate about their country . 
  are you saying there 's not enough space for a stool near a register ? 
  you 're insane . 
  also , there 's only so many times you can clean and reorganise the area area your till , especially when it 's no busy and nobody is messing it up ( ironically when it is busy it will get messy but you 'll be too busy serving customers to do anything ) . 
  this kind of policy is nothing to do with practical reasons and everything to do with american work philosophy , employers are allowed , or even expected , to squeeze every last cent of productivity our of their labour force and any trace of dissent will be stamped out and may even be grounds for dismissal . 
  it 's like it 's not good enough for american employers merely to buy your physical labour , but rather , they want you mind as well . 
  it 's not enough to just do the job , but you 're expected to love it as well . 
  very disturbing culture you 've got over there . 
  not really . 
  only some staff will do both . 
  you 've usually got the regular check out girls , and then shelf packers with till training who jump on when a queue forms . 
  that 's because it 's rare to offer those kinds of prices , if the cost was lower universally you would n't see any change really . 
  if the average pint costs 2 quid then the smack heads will go to the place that does it for a quid . 
  that 's way too simplistic . 
  the protestant work ethic is a term used to describe the historic economic prosperity of various protestant countries such as the uk , the netherlands , north germany ( prussia ) , and the scandinavian countries . 
  the concept ties in very closely with the notion of providence , that good rewards the righteous and punishes the deserving , thus people who are moral naturally gravitate towards wealth whereas the immoral gravitate towards poverty . 
  however , this is n't a feature unique to america in the slightest . 
  american settlers were taking the protestant work ethic over from those countries in europe where it already existed . 
  all through the 19th century in the uk for example people embraced these notions of the protestant work ethic and providence . 
  it 's not really anything to do with germany specifically ( excluding perhaps the north german protestant communities ) . 
  if the american work philosophy were merely the product of the protestant work ethic in its history we 'd expect other countries to have a similar mentality .
