  i think you 're missing all the ways that common law restricts a judge 's power . 
  the irony is that the common law court system arose directly from the king of england 's attempts to restrain the power of the judiciary , as he feared their power , which is why the focus is on the system being so adversarial . 
  ultimately a civil law judge has far more direct power over who is actually found guilty and who is n't , they decide if testimony is reliable and how much weight is to be given to it , and while they are guided by the law in this , it ultimately comes down to their judgement . 
  a common law judge can only influence the outcome of a trial through his interpretation of the issues of law that arise in the course of the case , and by advising the jury as to what he thinks , which is no guarantee of getting a result that he wants . 
  in practice , you ca n't speak in such general terms about either system , but historically it 's always been considered the case that civil law judges have much more power in their court rooms , as they have the ultimate call on who is considered guilty or not guilty , but common law judges have more power politically , as they are able to shape the interpretation of laws through precedent . 
  this is also why most civil law countries have a separate career from lawyers in most civil law countries , whereas only trusted and time test old farts are allowed to be judges in common law countries ( as these are the only people the government feels safe sharing any kind of legislative power with ) . 
  not really , 320 million vs 500 million-ish i believe . 
  if europe were all western europe then europe would have greater gdp due to a larger population , and similar gdp per capita , but part of the southern and eastern europe are n't quite up to western standards yet . 
   a car tire on a sidewalk, 
  we 're being infiltrated !, 
  many what ? 
  nope . 
  they just lie about costs when they want to take cash out , pay 5000 for something that cost 1000 to a crooked businessman who hands back 4500 to the mob under the table . 
  furthermore , it does n't matter if that money is locked up in the charity to some degree , think of it as an investment . 
  people who lots of money do n't need it all to be liquid , in fact that 's foolish due to inflation etc. 
  they invest it . 
  a charity like this can be an investment for illegal money , it might not be as simple as going and asking for your money back , but so long as you control the charity that money is n't going anywhere . 
  most charities were segregated along gender lines in those days . 
  you ca n't have the poor women and the poor men eating together at the charity . 
  why do you think you had the ymca and ywca as separate organisations . 
  you 'd likely have a soup kitchen down the road for the female poor . 
  yes but it 's the gdp of the eu that is similar to the us . 
  not that of geographical europe . 
  the reason this image has non european countries is precisely because eu gdp currently exceeds that of the us . 
  morroco was used to fill a gap that was too small to use another significant european nation for . 
  eu 18.9 trillion usd - 510 million ppl, 
  us 18.3 trillion usd - 320 million ppl, 
  yeah ... no, 
   well you have n't told me all the ways that common law supposedly restrict a judge 's power . 
  no offence mate , but i have . 
  judges can not ask witnesses to clarify their testimony , they can not lead testimony in any sense . 
  juries decide if someone is guilty or not guilty , and i 'm not treating them as `` judges '' . 
   do they even have to provide their decision in writing ? 
  ... if you do n't know this then you do n't really have a right to talk about common law . 
   is there a minimum required by law with respect to what the final decision must have ? 
  that depends on what is being tried and million other things . 
   as i said , civil law judges do n't decide how much weight is given to the testimony , this is called the system of valued proof . 
  yes they do , they have guidelines , that does n't remove subjectivity from their judgement , you can say if x then y but the judge still decides what 's and x and what 's not an x. 
  a common law judge can not even decide what constitutes an x , they can only explain to a jury how the law defines an x and let them decide if that 's the case . 
   there 's another system which gives more freedom called the system of sound criticism . 
  however , at least in chile , this does n't apply in private law . 
  why are you talking about private law ? 
  i 'm talking about civil law the legal tradition and not civil law in the sense of non-criminal law ( as the term is used in common law countries ), 
   finally , when i talk about `` judges '' i 'm also talking about the jury , which is a tribunal in any case ( they exercise jurisdiction ) , and the institution of juries really is the definition of arbitrary . 
  if you 're going to treat juries as judges then this is a fruitless discussion . 
  i have n't responded to the rest of your post but it 's pointless , i do n't know anything about the legal system in chile so i do n't want to contradict you . 
  most of the academics i 've read have looked principally at european legal systems . 
  what i do know is a bit about the history of the two system generally from an ethical and jurisprudence perspective . 
  all i 'm doing is reporting to you how each system of law has generally ( across the entire world ) been viewed by scholars , and that is a view that common law judges are more bounded by principles that seek to limit their power regarding how each case plays out , and this is meant to be a product of the interactions of the prosecution and defence , this is the adversarial principle . 
  the judge is meant to function as the authority on matters of law only . 
  on the other hand historically civil law judges have been considered to have more power in establishing the facts of a case , and therefore have more power over who is found guilty and who is n't ( despite the fact they have to follow a codified set of rules in this regard ... that 's still more power regarding the establishment of guilt than common law judges have ) . 
  civil law judges that considered to play an inquisitorial role , and the judge ( s ) are the authority on both matters of law and matters of fact in this system . 
  i 'm saying nothing particularly controversial that could n't be found for example reading this blurb on the berkeley law school website :, 
   common law is generally uncodified . 
  this means that there is no comprehensive compilation of legal rules and statutes . 
  while common law does rely on some scattered statutes , which are legislative decisions , it is largely based on precedent , meaning the judicial decisions that have already been made in similar cases . 
  these precedents are maintained over time through the records of the courts as well as historically documented in collections of case law known as yearbooks and reports . 
  the precedents to be applied in the decision of each new case are determined by the presiding judge . 
  as a result , judges have an enormous role in shaping american and british law . 
  common law functions as an adversarial system , a contest between two opposing parties before a judge who moderates . 
  a jury of ordinary people without legal training decides on the facts of the case . 
  the judge then determines the appropriate sentence based on the jury 's verdict . 
   civil law , in contrast , is codified . 
  countries with civil law systems have comprehensive , continuously updated legal codes that specify all matters capable of being brought before a court , the applicable procedure , and the appropriate punishment for each offense . 
  such codes distinguish between different categories of law : substantive law establishes which acts are subject to criminal or civil prosecution , procedural law establishes how to determine whether a particular action constitutes a criminal act , and penal law establishes the appropriate penalty . 
  in a civil law system , the judge 's role is to establish the facts of the case and to apply the provisions of the applicable code . 
  though the judge often brings the formal charges , investigates the matter , and decides on the case , he or she works within a framework established by a comprehensive , codified set of laws . 
  the judge 's decision is consequently less crucial in shaping civil law than the decisions of legislators and legal scholars who draft and interpret the codes . 
  i simply wanted to dismiss your ( somewhat naive imo ) belief that common law judges are undoubtedly the more powerful and that civil law judges are more restricted . 
  common law judges are certainly the more powerful politically , but historically they 've been thought to have far less power over the outcome of individual cases , and often find themselves in situations where can not but make a certain judgement despite personally not believing a word of it . 
  the common law judge 's assessment of the facts of the case is irrelevant to his role as judge , whereas in civil law it is not ( which is precisely why it 's heavily regulated by laws ) . 
  these laws that restrict how a civil law judge can assess the facts of case , aimed at greater objectivity , however , are evidence of their greater power in this regard , and not evidence of a lack of it . 
  possibly . 
  weather and sea access seem like big ones to me . 
  it was actually part of what seemed like an on going process in english . 
  see superior and governor , both of which used to have a - u. 
  this was due to a tendency of the educated classes in the 17th century to latinise their spelling as a form of showing off . 
  webster was a purist to adhered to the belief at the time which was that latin was the most pure language . 
  well the chinese had their civilisation way back when but it ultimately ended up quite stagnant . 
  the mediterranean dominated in ancient europe , and that moved east with the collapse of the western roman empire . 
  from about the middle ages onward you have the focus has drifted ever north and west , and by the industrial revolution you see the complete dominance of north western european nations . 
  it 's just strange how it ended up this way . 
  it 's strange how japan seems to be one nation that completely buck the trend and is well amongst the world 's top economies . 
  not sure about that one mate . 
  most of the french influence in bre are original due to coming directly from norman french influence . 
  for `` check/cheque '' the dictionary says `` first recorded 1798 and often spelled cheque '' that would suggest cheque was a common spelling in the beginning . 
  programme would appear to be a later frenchification `` spelling programme , established in britain , is from french in modern use and began to be used early 19c. , originally especially in the `` playbill '' sense . 
  '' , so that one would suit your narrative . 
  on the whole american english was more francophilic , due less resentment between the two nations . 
  wealthy americans in london were often accused of being parvenus in the 19th century . 
  certainly in the late 19th and 20th century the trend amongst the aristocracy was against frenchism , and there was a real disdain for people who insisted on distinguishing french loans and english words . 
  this effect is still present in the differences between ame and bre , for example , many french origin words have a second syllable stress in ame but first syllable stress in bre e.g sorbet . 
  the - t in valet , the use of words like entree over those like main course etc. 
  what 's so funny is that the anti eu have been boasting the uks huge trade deficit as a reason why the uk will have the upper hand in future negotiations . 
  it 's like claiming the size of your smack habit means you can boss your dealer around . 
  ba is the laughing stock of the world and has been for a while . 
  a budget airline experience with a luxury price tag . 
  rude grumpy staff , a naff outdated image , just another sign of how incompetant we 've allowed ourselves to become . 
  i can only hope the new generation , having grown up is broken britain wo n't have the complacency the current system has . 
  i got a good grade and left with a solid degree .
