  should these people starve simply because they are unable to be useful to society ? 
  we need wealth redistribution because the days of when greater wealth at the top automatically entailed greater wealth at the bottom are long gone . 
  it used to work because human labour was an inescapable necessity . 
  no matter how rich the factory owner became he would always need his workforce , this is no longer the case . 
  if we do n't redistribute then all that will happen is greater stratification . 
  for once this actually is an ad hominem ... 
  such a shit argument . 
  it 's like pointing to working conditions in victorian britain and saying look capitalism does n't work . 
  not every instance of a concept is the same ... victorian britain was an incredibly capitalist , deregulated , laissez faire economy and the workers barely had money to eat . 
  on the other hand communist russia was able to win the space race and produce some the greatest scientific discoveries of the 20th century . 
  seriously fuck off with your grossly oversimplified propaganda . 
  just as the ruthless capitalism of the 19th century had to be made more moderate before it resulted in greater overall well being for the average person , perhaps the capitalism of the 21st century needs to be made more moderate again before we achieve better overall welfare . 
  so it was premature ? 
  the wealth of the working and middle class has diminished vastly since the 1980s ... perhaps what they prematurely thought would come to pass in the 19th century is now actually the case . 
  just because someone said it once does n't mean it 's not true now . 
  it 's fallacious reasoning, 
  your examples are fucking retarded . 
  have you even considered for a moment that north korea might have failed to produce a utopia for other than ideological reasons . 
  maybe the reason communist countries did n't produce utopias is because the only countries willing to risk trying communism were ones that were already disadvantaged . 
  i could point to literally hundreds of capitalist societies that were equally atrocious as n. korea , shall i conclude that capitalism is inherently bad ? 
  i 'm sorry but you 're a retard , your argument is an embarrassment to rational thought . 
  it 's like saying look , here are 5 chickens i raised on 10 grams of corn a day , and here are 5 chickens i raised on 50 grams of grain a day , the corn chickens are malnourished and the grain chickens are plump and healthy : conclusion , corn is a bad food for chickens . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  the abysmal conditions of the industrial era are the foremost known thing about the period . 
  you should possibly get yourself checked out for signs of dementia because any 11 year old in the world could tell you this . 
  charles dickens made himself one of the most well known writers in the english language depicting it . 
  get a grip you utter pleb . 
  anything you 've heard about the fraction reserve backing system is absolute conspiracy theory wack job stuff . 
  the way the creation of money works these days is one of the foremost reasons for the vast expansion of the economy in the last 70 years . 
  if you 're pro free market then you 're not remotely left wing . 
  the very concept of the free market leading to overall better outcomes is a bit like believing in phrenology these days . 
  it 's just not taken seriously by anyone but the extreme far right . 
  public bailouts are a good thing . 
  it 's the economic crashes that proceed them that are the problem , and they are the direct result of the lack of financial regulation , something that free market economics would dismiss . 
  i think you need to reconsider what your position actually is , because you 're saying some very inconsistent things . 
  no that 's not my source my intellectually deficient friend . 
  i just think it 's funny that you 're trying to claim that the victorian industrial era was a period of improving conditions when it was so much the opposite that it 's even evident in the artistic movements of the time . 
  what you 're claiming is about as sensible as saying nazism was all about pro-jewish rights , that the french revolution was all about supporting the aristocracy or that mccarthism was all about how great communists are . 
  it 's literally absurd . 
  sounds like a very successful way of running a channel to be honest . 
  i would n't be above appealing to the lowest common denominator if i thought it could be profitable . 
  you 've just got to put a - d and a soft - g ( as in leisure ) together and you 've got - j !, 
  to be fair it 's not a sound that most european languages have . 
  there a definitely a different attitude to homosexuality back then . 
  however , that did n't mean everyone thought homosexuals were evil and immoral ( although clearly a number did ) . 
  it was never the case in western culture that everyone did n't know or pretended they did n't know homosexuality existed , it was a relatively common thing throughout history . 
  there were people who lived what for that time was as close to an `` out '' lifestyle as they could , same-sex `` friends '' who lived together , there were gay fashions and hobbies that collected a lot of homosexual people to the point that they almost became a code for being gay . 
  people would simply say `` i 'm not the marrying type '' or that they were a `` serial bachelor '' and everyone would know what that meant . 
  most straight people simply did n't care . 
  the difference was that the homosexuals of that era did have to be cautious and never outwardly says `` i 'm gay , i want to have sex with men/women '' because there was a vocal minority who would n't hesitate to put someone in prison for that . 
  a bit like modern day russia , there was a long period the west where homosexuality was tolerated on the condition that it was kept sufficiently hidden that it did n't offend anyone 's sensibilities . 
  thing was though that a lot of people could n't bear to think of themselves as gay , so they would be closeted . 
  they 'd get married , have children and make themselves unhappy , then they 'd sneak around in public toilets and parks and stuff to deal with their `` unnatural urges '' , which was highly fucked up . 
  i think that 's what this guy 's father was saying . 
  sure it was n't a time when homosexuals could be `` out '' in the same way they are today , i doubt he would want his son to be arrested on immorality charges . 
  however , even then there were ways to be gay and at least not be lying about it to anyone . 
  i think that nowadays there 's a tendency to look back at things like sodomy laws and think that they reflect what most people back then really believed , that they were all conservative bible thumpers who wanted to see homosexuals thrown in prison . 
  you 've got to step back and realise that that 's about as fair as people in 50 years time looking back at drug laws and thinking that every one of our generation despised drug users and wanted to see them criminalised and thrown in gaol . 
  it just seems to be a pattern in modern society that the attitudes of law makers are overly harsh , behind the times and not reflective of how the majority really feel . 
  i think the problem is that our political system makes it too easy for politicians not to do anything even when they know what 's going on is wrong and not what the majority want , because sadly they know that they will lose more votes by questioning the status-quo , changing something , and upsetting a vocal minority , than they 'll lose by doing nothing for the silent majority . 
  just as there are currently many politicians who 've realised that drugs are n't some terrible immoral curse that will ruin our children if decriminalised , but wo n't do anything because there 's an ageing hardcore of conservatives who use drug users as scapegoat for all that is wrong with modern society who will make a lot of noise if their delusions are threatened . 
  so it was with homosexuality in the 50s and 60s in many places . 
  that 's nonsense i 'm afraid . 
  i 'm perfectly well acquainted with standard economic theory , i 've studied economics at a university level for fuck 's sake . 
  the problem is that this `` economic common sense '' model is massively dated and idealistic . 
  what is actually happening right now is that the low skill job market is shrinking in virtually every industry . 
  not every one of those people laid off by machines will find another job because it 's impossible for 10,000 workers who lose their work to fill 8,000 newly created jobs in a different sector . 
  ( politicians do of course try to cheat this , by keeping young people out of the workforce for longer and by stuff like zero hour contracts and promoting part time employment , but they 're just cheating to try to make to seem like it 's not happening . ), 
  automation does reduce the cost of goods to the consumer that is true . 
  however , when you income is nothing , it does n't matter what kind of astounding purchasing power a dollar has , it simply wo n't matter because you wo n't have any money . 
  sure , when we look at individual actors in the economy it 's unlikely that many will be permanently unemployed , however that laid off steel worker will now have to now go work in the retail sector or something , which is a job that would have otherwise gone to a school leaver who is now unemployed instead . 
  what you do n't seem to realise is that whilst is true that the economy functions in such a way as to grow and increase value , `` the level of wealth in society '' as you say , it does not give a shit how that wealth is distributed . 
  society could be 1000 people , 10 trillionaires and the rest poor , and still be producing more value and expanding quicker than had the distribution been more even . 
  you 're also suffering from what i like to call the myth of the entrepreneur . 
  once upon a time historians believed what is now referred to as `` great men theory '' , they saw history that the story of great men interacting with each other and changing the world totally ignoring all the other actors who whose roles , while small , accumulatively made vastly more of a difference than any individual no matter how `` great '' . 
  the myth of the entrepreneur is like this , it accredits business leaders with `` wealth creation '' , when in fact they are at best `` wealth facilitators '' . 
  it 's like saying that without mlk there 'd be no civil rights movement , that he made the civil rights movement happen . 
  this is just clearly fallacious reasoning , not to say he was n't a great thinker and leader , but without him someone else would have stepped into his shoes . 
  maybe it would 've meant that the movement came 5 years later , or even 10 years later , but it still would 've happened because it was actually the collectively changing attitudes across the entirety of the us that caused it . 
  mlk was just the spark that started the fire . 
  it 's exactly the same for entrepreneurs , had bill gates not founded microsoft when he did , some other person would 've founded something comparable to it eventually . 
  the economy at the time was ripe for some microsoft-like product have wild success because of collective technologically and economic progress , bill gates could n't make microsoft happen if we was born 20 years earlier regardless of how intellect and astute he is . 
  furthermore , you 're also buying into the myth of self-interest . 
  essentially the idea that the only reason talented business leaders do what they do is because of self-interest in the form of the profits they can make . 
  the idea being that if we reduce how much they can earn in order to redistribute wealth , even if that 's just by 5 % , then that will mean a percent of those who would 've bothered to contribute to the economy in a large sense will simply not bother . 
  this again is just a silly myth , people simply do n't turn around and say well at a 20 % tax rate i would 've done x , but since it 's now 25 % i simply ca n't be bothered and i 'll just settle of mediocrity . 
  this is simply not how human beings function . 
  fyi thomas sowell is a political conservative , economically a classical liberal , and a free market advocate . 
  his ideas are virtually as cookie-cutter as they come . 
  you may as well pick up adam smith 's `` wealth of nations '' and start there . 
  the problem is that none of these economic theories actually work how they suppose . 
  these people all in love with the theoretical beauty of capitalist theory , they genuinely believe at an economy left to its own devices will lead to better overall outcomes for the majority , greater overall welfare if you will . 
  they see the economy as a beautiful machine that 's always fixing itself , when something ceases to be profitable it is swept away and something better replaces it , always leading to higher purchasing power , better quality of living , social and scientific progress and so on . 
  sadly it 's bullshit . 
  it 's a bit like look at the division of power with a country , into legislature , executive and judiciary and going `` ooo what a beautiful perfect system '' , we do n't need to be constantly vigilant against corruption because our perfect system has all the checks and balances in place already . 
  it 's just naive , and reality of it that economics is principally ideological , not scientific . 
  going back to the point at hand though , all classical economic theory was written at the time when human labour was an inevitability . 
  if a business succeeded it necessarily had to take on more staff , if the economy was doing well then that business would have to pay their staff more money to retain them else they 'd go elsewhere . 
  however for the whole theory to go tits up does n't even require that this stops happening , it merely requires that is stops happening at rate that will equate to greater overall welfare for society . 
  in the past a 10 % increase in turnover might 've equated to the hiring of 20 new staff , distributing wealth to 20 new economic agents , however now the same 10 % increase equates to the hiring of 2 new staff and the purchase of 5 new machines , machines that only required the labour of 5 people to make .
