  the idea of indian english came into the context of proper grammatical form . 
  you certainly ca n't go off on a tangent when it comes to grammar . 
  and there 's certainly a limit to what you can make up . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're talking shit , grammar is no different from lexicon or orthography , i suggest you look up linguistic prescriptivism , it describes you perfectly . 
   linguistic prescriptivism is perfectly valid when it comes to this example . 
  this sentence makes no sense whatsoever . 
   what 's worse is indian english never evolved from british english . 
  irrelevant, 
   when people use incorrect grammar its not because its evolution . 
  but rather people using grammatical form of native indian languages . 
  well irish english also uses forms of grammar from various celtic languages . 
  `` i 'm after church '' does n't mean someone is looking for a church it means they 've just been to church '' , also celtic language tend to answer questions with a verb like `` i did '' or `` i have '' instead of just yes or no , which makes them more likely to do that . 
  so what ? 
   using nihilistic arguments like ` so what ' is pretty moronic . 
  / r/iamverysmart much ? 
  there 's nothing nihilistic about it . 
  i simply don ' see why the fact that ie dialects have influenced by native indian languages is relevant to the question as to whether they ie is a thing or not . 
  furthermore , university papers are one thing , news reports are another , i do n't see the connection . 
  your definitions of prescriptivism and descriptivism are terrible by the way , and your statement :, 
   linguistic prescriptivism is perfectly valid when it comes to this example . 
  makes no sense , of course it 's valid , it 's not valid for one thing and not for another , it 's a linguistic approach , it 's like saying `` science is valid in this example '' . 
  it does n't start or stop being valid dependent on the context . 
  look i 've stopped caring about his conversation now . 
  you made the statement . 
   no one in britain or america , says the government are corrupt . 
  you were wrong . 
  i hope that is evident to you know . 
  i 've done my best to try to explain how it works in british english . 
  there 's nothing more i care to discuss . 
  `` not until now '' , that guy is so fucking cool about shit . 
  i do n't remember anyone cheating at school except in stuff that did n't matter like homework tests . 
  boy did we cheat on our french vocab tests though . 
  every week we were meant to learn 20 new words and had a test on money , we 'd just write the answers on our wrists and roll up our sleeves , good times . 
  it did n't seem worth cheating on tests , what can you really write on a crib note or whatever that you ca n't memorise . 
  for physics gcse i just memorised all the relevant equations for hours before the test and wrote them all out soon as we were allowed to write . 
  my not seeing the connection is everything to do with there not being one and nothing to do with me . 
  i suggest you look up nihilism in the dictionary . 
  i 'm done with this tedious discussion , you should 've just accepted defeat a long time ago . 
  lol you 're an idiot . 
  her voice is super annoying , first time i 've heard her speak . 
  you 're the idiot who does n't know basic grammar , yet feels qualified to lecture others about what is right . 
  america so all powerful , could n't even defeat the vietnamese but could easily take over the world . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  you 're the guy raging at someone for being wrong when he does n't even know the answer himself , is there a more pathetic type of person ? 
  i love it when you use words that you do n't understand in some pathetic attempt to appear more intelligent . 
  you 've got some real insecurity issues , this is great / r/iamverysmart material . 
  this is just fantastic . 
  you know reductio ad absurdum is in no sense bad right ? 
  it 's a completely valid form of argument , furthermore nothing i 've said constitutes it . 
  please just get an education instead of pretending to have one . 
  haha you just keep saying words and it keeps getting funnier . 
  you seem to be having trouble communicating in english , maybe you should try a different language . 
  here 's the two points again , 1 . 
  nothing i 've said constitutes reductio ad absurdum , your thinking it does demonstrates that you do n't know what those words mean and just think saying them will make you seem smart , even though you 're the guy who thought `` rains '' was only used in the future tense . 
  even if my argument were reductio ad absurdum , that would n't make me a retard as it 's a valid form of argument . 
  jesus h , your mother should 've beat you more as a child . 
  lol no it 's not . 
  you are just hysterical . 
  google it . 
  reductio ad absurdum means reduction to the absurd . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   , is a common form of argument which seeks to demonstrate that a statement is true by showing that a false , untenable , or absurd result follows from its denial , or in turn to demonstrate that a statement is false by showing that a false , untenable , or absurd result follows from its acceptance . 
  [ 1 ] first recognized and studied in classical greek philosophy ( the latin term derives from the greek '' \u03b5\u03b9\u03c2 \u03ac\u03c4\u03bf\u03c0\u03bf\u03bd \u03b1\u03c0\u03b1\u03b3\u03c9\u03b3\u03ae '' or eis atopon apagoge , `` reduction to the impossible '' , for example in aristotle 's prior analytics ) , [ 1 ] this technique has been used throughout history in both formal mathematical and philosophical reasoning , as well as informal debate . 
  i suppose this also a point of `` contention '' and you disagree with it right ? 
  formal mathematics always relies on logical fallacies right ? 
  when you learn to speak english i might bother to reply . 
  you do n't really have to do anything except buy a gift . 
  traditionally something silver , i 've still got a set of silver cheese knives from mine . 
  you could buy cutlery , a locket , a necklace , a fancy photo frame anything like that . 
  probably have to spend 40 quid + . 
  then all you have to do is stand next to the parents in the church and read some stuff from a card about how you renounce satan and will guard the child 's religious well being . 
  the priest will ask `` do you renounce satan and all his ills ? '', 
  and you 'll reply `` i renounce him '' , or something a long those lines , very easy unless your a satanist . 
  mountain do ... 
  ftfy schr\u00f6dinger 's scissors, 
  nope , just some rebel upstarts, 
  the question is when are you actually overtaking , because when there 's a moderate level of traffic there tends to be 5-10 second gaps between people in the lefthand lane , if i 'm doing 80mph and they 're doing 65mph i could end up changing lane hundreds of times over the course of a journey , naturally when there 's a decent gap i can sit in for a decent segment of time i 'll move left , i 'm not a complete arsehole , but it feels like these gaps are less frequent than the pools of slow moving cars . 
  on the autobahn in germany there 's usually only two lanes , the inside lane just being for overtaking , and it works well because people have fantastic lane discipline , but driving in the uk it feels like our middle lane is equivalent to their outer lane , and our outer lane is just choc-a-block with slow moving grannies and restricted lorries piddling along at 60mph . 
  but amgherd everyone knows the uk has x100 more muggings and stabbings than the us based on these completely misinterpreted and incomparable crime statistics i found . 
  seen as ? 
  there 's no `` seen as '' about it . 
  ok , mr does n't know basic grammar and thinks reductio ad absurdum is a fallacy . 
  no why do n't you . 
  reductio ad absurdum is only a fallacy when it 's a strawman . 
  reductio = showing an impossible consequent follows from a premise thus the premise is false , a valid form of argument . 
  strawman = doing the same but the consequent does n't actually follow from the premise . 
  jesus you 're an embarrassment . 
  haha still trying to find ways to wriggle out of the patently false statements you make . 
  you fucking loser , you might actually have a happier life if you knew how to admit the mistakes you make and did n't compulsively need to pretend to understand things you do n't . 
  you 're boring me now , peace . 
  fyi i 'm not the one downvoting you , it 's probably the same person who 's upvoting me , and as if you care about karma you loser . 
  that could easily belong to / r/shitrussianssay as much as being sas . 
  the irony being is that russians would say it as a reason to politically separate from the west , while americans would claim it as a matter of pride . 
  huh what ? 
  yeah , the funny thing is that in reality in the uk you 're only 10 % more likely to be stabbed , and far less likely to be killed or violently assaulted so it 's really just a matter of weapon choice . 
  also you 're more likely to have your house broken into by a small margin , obviously being able to kill an intruder does work as to discourage home breaking , if only this did n't mean thousands of people being killed by accident a year . 
   despite having corrected you , and shown you how your argument is reductio . 
  no , you have n't even mentioned which argument you think is reductio . 
  therefore you are delusional . 
  ah yes , you later add the misuse of part after googling , you 'll always find a way to protect your idiotic ego rather than accepting the truth of your stupid error .
