  not that i did n't learn anything , i did pretty well , but i did n't learn how to be autodidact or develop curiosity for learning until a fair bit older . 
  i coasted pretty hard only actually putting in work around exam time or course work when i knew it would actually count . 
  honestly , i would n't change that , but instead of using all the fair time to fuck around and pass the time being bored i would 've studied what i wanted to study . 
  thing is , back then i had a different attitude , one of this is all a bit stupid and just a series of hoops i need to jump through until i get to the real world where none of this bullshit will matter . 
  while this is kinda true , it failed to acknowledge that while yes , a lot of the class work is just bullshit hoop jumping , that does n't mean you ca n't massively improve you real world abilities through learning . 
  if i could go back to speak to me lazy b grade getting , not giving a shit teenager self i 'd tell them that they 'd conflated the bullshitness of school for the bullshitness of education , and to relish the chance to acquire knowledge rather than being a wannabe cynic . 
  thinking it 's the best place ever . 
  let 's test this out :, 
  which voice would you want a surgeon who was about to perform a complicated operation on your loved one to have ? 
  which one do you think would be more fun down the pub ? 
  actually mate , saying `` grarss '' and `` carstle '' is how brummies traditionally spoke up until only about the 1960s-70s . 
  birmingham traditionally fell south of the trap/bath split border . 
  it only changed when mentality changed and the northern pronunciation became associated with a more working class mentality and the `` grarss '' pronunciation took on a very southern/posh pronunciation . 
  you can still hear this pronunciation in old people 's homes of the birmingham area occasionally , and it 's clearly not an affectation . 
  the split is still partially incomplete in many modern brummie dialects , for example a word like `` laugh '' is probably only about 50/50 laff/larf , although the younger generation of brummie speakers definitely prefer `` laff '' . 
  i agree the actress playing aunt polly does a dire brummie accent , but that 's actually a historically accurate feature . 
  from wikipedia :, 
   the majority of brummies use the northern [ a ] in words like bath , cast and chance , although the southern [ \u0251\u02d0 ] is more common amongst older speakers . 
  the source is : handbook of varieties of english , mouton de gruyter , 2004 , pages 145-6, 
  however , this is something that is quite well known . 
  the trap bath split used to cover more northerly parts , but got less popular into the latter 20th century . 
  mate ... do n't be a prat . 
  that `` handbook '' i 've cited is a heavily edited and peer reviewed academic publication . 
  also this is not the first time i 've read this , it 's a widely known fact amongst people who have studied dialects . 
  [ here it 's stated that certain words in brummie have n't been affected by the merger ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pronunciation_of_english_%e2%9f%a8a%e2%9f%a9#british_accents ), 
  here is support for the belief from another academic [ source ] ( https://books.google.co.uk/books?id=pnf4cgaaqbaj&amp;pg=pa401&amp;lpg=pa401&amp;dq=trap+bath+split+brummie&amp;source=bl&amp;ots=c6sc8h8jqw&amp;sig=bdfnhdq2xhfih7zvon2oucuewhe&amp;hl=en&amp;sa=x&amp;ved=0ahukewiyrs3bk4brahuhj8akhfcfb70q6aeiezar#v=onepage&amp;q=trap%20bath%20split%20brummie&amp;f=false ) , `` researching northern english '' . 
  the merger of the trap set of words and the bath set of words in birmingham is a relatively new development ( comparatively ) . 
  it 's well known that a merger of these lexical sets has occurred in areas that were once within reach of the split . 
  just because modern brummies vehemently denigrate the `` bahth '' pronunciation ( with a longer and/or back vowel ) as `` posh '' and do n't identify with it , and just because you 've never noticed that some older speakers tend to speak a bit differently does n't mean that 's reason to `` dispute '' it . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  you asked for a citation and i gave you one . 
  you do n't get to dispute it just because it does n't sit well with you . 
  if you want to do that you 'll need to cite something to the contrary . 
  also your assertion that for this to be true older speakers must have consciously changed their way of speaking is just nonsense . 
  language shift does n't have to be a conscious choice . 
  i agree that these days hearing bahth from a brummie is very unusual , at least not from a full brummie and not someone who 's just slightly brummie ( maybe growing up there ) and really has a mixed accent . 
  that does n't remotely mean that this was the case in the 1920s or 1930s does it . 
  not really haha . 
  i 've heard a lot worse down my end . 
  i 'm being perfectly civil , but i resent being asked for a citation ( which implies you think i 'm misguided or making shit up ) , providing one , and then being told i 'm wrong regardless . 
  trust me , this is something i 've seen supported in multiple contexts . 
  i do n't know why you feel you anecdotal experience qualified you contradict linguistic sources . 
  the reality is that you probably do n't know every old person from birmingham . 
  my granddad grew up in the 20s in small health and he would say lahf and rahther but also pass and castle , he also used a trilled - r ( rolled ) and tapped - r ( one roll ) , he also said words like `` poor '' like pooer ( one who poos ) . 
  it 's not like you see that today but that 's no reason to think it was n't once part of normal brummie dialect . 
   nor that older speakers consciously changed their speech patterns . 
  you said `` adapted their accent '' , and to me `` adapted '' is something you do consciously . 
  `` the brummie '' , both are me ya lemon xd, 
  dude-loy ? 
  i did n't . 
  i have a job where i talk about pronunciation everyday , i can assure you i do n't say `` pronounciation '' . 
  listening back , i clearly say pronunciation . 
  honestly , you have a hearing problem if you hear `` pronounciation '' . 
  or just like talking a lot of shit and are trying to look for criticism where there 's none to be found . 
  going back in history it was a shibboleth that distinguished the brummie from the yam yam , but honestly the `` ah '' pronunciation in brummie has been gradually dying since the early 20th century and becoming increasingly rare . 
  nobody poops but you !, 
  mate you are weird , stop stalking me . 
  wait til you get kinda drunk before you even start imo . 
  too many people snort that shit too early in the night and just make themselves feel overly alert all evening . 
  that 's if you want the best high anyway , as the video said , you should n't mix coke and alcohol , but honestly cocaethynol or whatever is what everyone wants . 
  in reality this has a lot to do with history . 
  `` the '' implies a specific illness that everyone is aware of . 
  i think `` the aids '' is funny because it suggests one specific aids that everyone is aware of , when in reality in the lives of most people in the west at least aids is not such a common thing for people to come into contact with . 
  that kind of suggests you smoke weed often enough to develop a nicotine addiction from smoking your weed with tobacco , which well ... makes you look like an addict . 
  anyway , the guy is exaggerating , if you smoke weed pure people wo n't think you 're an addict ( since most heavy weed smoker do n't even do that here ) , but it is slightly unusual . 
  bongs and pipes are n't as prevalent as they are in the us , and tobacco free joints smoke harsher ( higher combustion point ) , make you cough more , do n't always taste good , extinguish themselves more quickly , and can be expensive if you end up putting more in just to fill out a joint . 
  another thing to consider is that in places where weed is illegal in europe rely on illegal hydroponic grows ( strong weed is hard to grow outdoors in much of europe due to poor sunlight and high humidity ) , and this means the weed is strong but produced without regulation meaning poorly flushed / dried weed is no uncommon . 
  this differs from nation to nation a lot in europe to be fair . 
  everywhere mediterranean kisses afaik , but germans do n't really do it ( excluding family ) , britons do it sometimes , but mostly the posh cosmopolitan types , i doubt scandinavians do it , they have huge personal spaces . 
  it 's seen as much worse in the us . 
  in the uk you would say cunt around people you 'd say fuck around , but it has no massive stigma , but in the us cunt is seen as worse than fuck . 
  for example , you might say fuck around certain colleagues but would n't say cunt as that might trigger someone into thinking less of you . 
  no it 's not , it 's just prohibited in specific areas ( sadly those areas tend to typically be the centres of towns and cities ), 
  you guys are a bunch of germophobic pansies , no offence . 
  i do n't think north americans are more hygienic than most europeans ( maybe excluding the really poor bits ) but europeans certainly do n't have the same number of weird hang ups over stuff as north americans . 
  there 's a bit of a body shame culture in north america that seems like the product of the continent 's puritanical origins combined with a ruthless health and beauty industry . 
  certainly americans seem much more anxious about even the possibility of body odour , and get grossed out by pretty minor things . 
  to be fair , the idea that humans will even be able to explore the local group assumes that there exists a work around to the speed of light . 
  without ftl travel humans might still colonise new planets , but it would hardly be the glamorous jaunt around the stars that is most commonly imagined , but rather huge seed ships sent out into space for hundreds if not thousands of years founding civilisations that we wo n't have any contact with or even know if they succeeded . 
  anyway , if we 're going to assume there 's some way to travel ftl then there 's no reason to assume that there 's not some way to travel through time , in which guess there 's no reason to think that other parts of the universe are out of reach , they 're just out of reach now . 
  this again ... 
  kinda a stupid question , go to any country as a foreigner and you 'll find a mixture of people who find you interesting , people who are completely indifferent to it , and people who are n't keen on it . 
  most people are smart enough not to judge individuals on their country 's merits . 
  the vast majority fall into the indifferent category , and a minority at either end of the spectrum . 
  it 's not like you can generalise the tastes of all people anyway . 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  as long as you 're not a dick , yanks are n't especially loved or hated in the uk . 
  you should probably prepare yourself for more realistic cultural shock issues like : realising that you wo n't get a big reaction to your being american like you might in countries where americans are rarer or where they have a romantic view of the us , accepting that people do n't always want to hear about america all the time ... too many ex-pats go through a phase of just comparing everything to back home and trying to judge everything in those terms , hearing a lot of negative opinions about us politics and culture that will feel much harsher coming from an outsider ( i 've seen even relatively liberal types get all defensive in this situation ) , realising that if you act in certain ways in certain situations your being a yank wo n't help ( in the same way that if a brit walked into a bar in rural texas and start giving it all that they will probably get a less than friendly reception ) . 
  you 're kinda pretentious buddy . 
  you 're quite right that you ca n't derive ~ a  ~ b ( if no dog house then not straight ) from a  b ( if dog house then straight ) , and yes we can assume ~ b  ~ a ( if not straight then no dog house ) , but your delivery is winning you downvotes like crazy . 
  it 's clear this story is just a joke , i mean a doubt a logic professor would characterise their field with this kind of sherlock holmes style `` logical deduction '' , which is really just a succession of educated guesses unless they were really trying to dumb it down anyway . 
  cos you 're dropping all this fancy terminology with a slightly smug tone without first acknowledging it 's a joke or explaining the terms . 
  i mean you 're right . 
  but your getting downvotes because you sound like a douche . 
  do n't think you realise that using words like dilettante is kinda pretentious . 
  why do n't you write for you audience , rather than try appearing smart . 
  even now you 're doing it . 
  you just seem dislikable and confrontational . 
  i ca n't be bothered . 
  have fun buddy .
