  gl voting to put us into recession . 
  ah yes , resort to calling me a shill when you ca n't actually argue your position and are just voting leave because of your perverse notion of british exceptionalism . 
  he 's guna croi in a minute !, 
  he called for it because he did n't think there was a chance in hell that the british people would vote themselves into a recession . 
  it was an easy way to get the ukip voters voting tory . 
  sadly he underestimated the intelligence of the british population , which is why the outcome of the referendum is even a question . 
  do n't know why someone downvoted , it 's true . 
  man i 've had those on imgur.com it 's no big deal . 
  i have the sudden urge to take cocaine and return video tapes . 
  the only retard here is yourself . 
  but you do n't believe what the bank of england says and what every serious economist in the world says . 
  you 're about one step better than an anti-vaccer . 
  your arguments are more indicative of your trying to convince yourself more than anyone else . 
  yeah , their own interests like the uk economy ... keep shitposting words like `` shill '' and `` meme '' , it show how deep your arguments for brexit are . 
  keep saying the word shill , it will convince you that you 're in the right whilst you tank the uk economy . 
  le thank herr skeltal !, 
  who said that , the uk does n't need the eu to survive , but it will be royally fucked economically for many years if it leaves . 
  stop responding you are repeating yourself . 
  the uk will suffer at least 5 years of economic hardship , job losses , and market uncertainty if we leave . 
  yes , after that , we might be able to regain some of our previous status , but it will be another recession . 
  all the major political parties , economists , and the bank of england say so . 
  when you go vote , go ahead and fuck yourself in the arse like the self flagellating idiot you , but do n't tell me that i did n't warn you . 
  man that has to be the dumbest statement i 've ever read . 
  where i live the unemployment rate is 4.7 % , we also do n't have such thing as zero hour contracts or unemployment offices pushing people into self employment when they 're not ready for it . 
  something like a 2 minute response time for armed police in most uk cities , 10 minute response time for most of the country . 
  there are armed police ready to go in helicopters near population hubs all over the country . 
  when you think about , the average policeman is n't really qualified to deal with shooting and terror attacks , so the fact that the average bobby on the beat is unarmed does n't make much difference imo . 
  it helps being a relatively small country . 
  the point is that the aids was n't known about , so it did n't impact people 's sexual behaviours . 
  reports say that the suspect was seen casually walking from the scene , not running , no escape vehicle , i very much doubt this was a hit . 
  she 's died , just confirmed . 
  news just confirmed that she died following injuries . 
  rip . 
  this is a sad day for the united kingdom . 
  she was a mother of 2 . 
  our thoughts go out to the family and friends of jo cox . 
  it 's believed that is was improvised firearm i.e homemade gun . 
  edit : would people stop messaging me about gun control . 
  britons are x45 less likely to be shot than americans , and x4 less likely to be murdered . 
  nobody ever said gun control would eradicate gun crime , merely significantly reduce it . 
  stop making this about america and wider differences in political ideology . 
  a mother of two is dead . 
  have some common decency . 
  just to be clear , she was a supporter of the campaign to remain in the eu . 
  nobody knows for certain . 
  she was a member of parliament ( mp ) elected to represent the constituency of batley and spen in yorkshire ( a county in northern england ) . 
  mps vote on laws to be passed in the uk in parliament . 
  she was doing something called a surgery , which is when an mp goes to their local area and the public have the opportunity to raise their complaints about the local political situation and broach personal concerns with their local representative directly . 
  it was being held in the local public library . 
  apparently as she was leaving the library she was accosted by a man who shot her 3 times and also stabbed her multiple times with a large knife . 
  the projectile weapon is currently thought to be an [ improvised weapon ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/improvised_weapon ) , possibly a modified replica or antique firearm . 
  an elderly man was also stabbed when he tried to intervene but his injuries have been described an non-life threatening . 
  the assailant has been described as casually walking away from the scene rather than running . 
  it is believed he is a 52 year old local called thomas mair . 
  the motivation for this is unclear , but she was a key supporter for the campaign for britain to remain in the eu . 
  some are hypothesising that the attack was politically motivated . 
  there are unconfirmed reports that he shouted `` britain first '' when he was captured . 
  britain first is the name of a well known small far right anti-immigration organisation in the uk . 
  you can see what they 're like [ here ] ( https://youtu.be/yr2z7uja7ue?t=22 ) . 
  although britain first are politically radical , it 's unlikely that they 're directly responsible for the attacks , they are n't a terrorist organisation . 
  it 's more probable that this man acted alone but was an individual who sympathised with britain first 's anti-immigration stance . 
  it 's also of note that she was a member of the opposition party `` labour '' whose politics are centre left . 
  she was pronounced dead shortly after the attack . 
  she had only been an mp for a year and was a mother of 2 children , aged 3 and 5 . 
  a suspect was apprehended after the attack not far from the scene of the crime , and currently the police are not looking for any more suspects . 
  immediately after the event local schools were put on lockdown and people were told not to leave the house , but this was shortly retracted after the apprehension of the suspect . 
  it 's also noteworthy that britain is soon to vote in a referendum on whether they wish to remain in the eu . 
  the campaigns for both the remain side and leave side have been temporarily suspended out for respect for the deceased mp . 
  she was not a particularly well known politician , just a normal mp ( of which there a few hundred in the uk ) doing her job representing her local area . 
  she had only been an mp for a year . 
  she was , however , a major supporter of the campaign to keep britain in the eu . 
  she was probably targeted partially for opportunist reasons , as higher profile politicians would have been harder to reach . 
  the uk is broken down in constituencies ( political areas ) , each of these areas elects an mp to represent their area in the parliament . 
  ok , but reports on the scene said that he was having to manually reload the weapon between shots , and also used a knife . 
  how much more damage could he have done had he had access to an automatic or semi-automatic weapon ? 
  guns are not illegal in the uk , merely certain kinds of weapon are illegal , and others are available with a licence . 
  i suspect he used an improvised firearm ( homemade gun or modified replica / antique ) and the ammunition was of a kind that is legal in the uk used for hunting . 
  there are reports that he was manually reloading the gun between shots , and also that was a 3-5 second gap between shots . 
  right now we 're just speculating , more information will become available as the situation advances . 
  it could have been a modified replica or an antique weapon . 
  because legal guns require a licence , in order to obtain a licence you must be of good character ( no criminal record , sound mental health ) , have a proper place to store it ( a special safe in a locked room ) , and you must show that you have a reason to own it i.e hunting . 
  if a weapon like this were used it would n't be hard to narrow down the list of potential suspects who owned a weapon that matched the type of ammunition used . 
  it 's a lot of effort to obtain a legal gun , and if you 're a criminal it 's simply not worth it . 
  thanks , edited . 
  the bbc have reported it . 
  so have a number of other reputable news agencies . 
  i 'm just going on reports . 
  one person said that he was manually reloading the weapon , another claimed that there was a 3-4 second gap between shots . 
  fireworks are readily available in the uk all year round . 
  however , there are legal ways to obtain ammunition for the types of weapon that are permitted under uk law . 
  that definition of right and left seems extremely biased to me . 
  by far right i mean that they 're a nationalist organisation that promotes highly anti-immigration policies the shameless elevation of white christian native born citizens above people with another immigration background . 
  the true definition of left and right is to do with the degree to which the state owns the means of production . 
  i think it 's because the idea is that it 's an opportunity for mps to put right wrongs that have occurred in their local constituency . 
  the full name is constituency surgery . 
  i guess it 's just the name the politicos went with because it conjures images of healing at a precise and detailed level . 
  i think your definition is pushing it a bit . 
  i agree that they do use intimation . 
  however , when most people hear `` terrorist organisation '' they think of people who hide their identities and deliberately cause death and physical injury by illegal means in an attempt to further some cause . 
  i 'm no fan of britain first , but they are not a terrorist organisation in the sense it is understood in common parlance .
