  you said :, 
   the federal reserve is a privately owned organisation and pays no taxes but generates billions in revenue ( just an example , amongst others like the rich white kids often getting away with minimal sentences for hit and run vs less privileged citizens ) . 
  this shows that you lack a fundamental understanding of how modern economics works . 
  i had these dreams most often when i 'd just finished education or was in a break from education . 
  more than when i was in education . 
  it was like my brain could n't get over it . 
  now i get them occasionally but that not that as much . 
  usually they involve some advanced mathematics course that i never attended . 
  america , the country where you can drive barely out of puberty , own a gun at 18 , ca n't have sex til you 're 18 ( in many states ) , ca n't drink until 21 , and `` god damn '' gets censored on the radio . 
  i think he was having a little cowboy fantasy there to be fair . 
  take that to mean what you will . 
  that has nothing to do with this though . 
  foreign accent syndrome is when someone has physiological problem with their brain . 
  this is just him tripping that he 's a cowboy . 
  they did n't state in the video whether he was sedated with anything else . 
  well , i do n't say this often , but that was something new . 
  well played . 
  it 's irrelevant . 
  the whole thing is a big joke . 
  you have people dressed as aliens and bearded divas . 
  it 's basically a competition to be as kitsch as possible . 
  it 's a song contest so people no more expect the music to be live than in a music video . 
  you 'd probably be surprised at how much you 've seen musicians fake playing and not noticed it . 
  meh , i do n't think there 's a problem with violence on television . 
  the whole idea that exposure to violence makes society violent is bullshit . 
  censoring shit is not the answer . 
  strong argument for intelligent design obviously . 
  bananas made for the human hand ? 
  animals that survive by eating other animals from the inside out and possessing it . 
  maybe censoring either is bad ? 
  yeah it 's a really pathetic attempt at courting public favour , i guess he thought he would be a hero for it . 
  did n't seem like he was implying that to me . 
  age of consent ? 
  ever got drunk or otherwise out of it and started doing a fake accent because it 's funny ? 
  that 's what 's going on here . 
  it 's not foreign accent syndrome . 
  foreign accent syndrome is you are permanently that way . 
  18 states is definitely many . 
  also 16 for a rifle is insane , bolt action or not . 
  i 'm guessing because if you your house collapses there 's a chance the tv will stay on and there will be some indication that someone is under the rubble and it will be easier to dig you out . 
  [ `` com '' in british english ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/media/english/uk_pron/e/epd/epd06/epd06599.mp3 ), 
  [ `` calm '' in british english ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/media/english/uk_pron/u/ukc/ukcal/ukcalip014.mp3 ), 
  [ `` caught '' in british english to show the other vowel that north americans do n't have ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/media/english/uk_pron/u/ukc/ukcat/ukcatsu010.mp3 ), 
  you have to understand that vowel you associate with the word `` com '' is atypical for european languages . 
  as historically most languages using the latin alphabet have associated this sound with - a , which is why it crops up in american english still occasionally in words like `` calm '' and in loan words like `` taco '' and `` milan '' . 
  the fact north americans use an `` ah sound '' for the letter - o a lot of the time is a quirk that occurred after the colonialists left europe , perhaps because it distinguished them from european english speakers , but more likely for a whole plethora of reasons we can never really know . 
  melbourne , fl : 78k people, 
  melbourne , aus : 4.6 million people, 
  a hand basket ? 
  yeah , let a kid still in school have a lethal projectile weapon . 
  shooting as a kid is fine . 
  owning a weapon in your home is not . 
  except the american way of life is nothing of the sort . 
  that 's just some weird idea a lot of americans have . 
  many europeans enjoy more freedoms . 
  for example , freedom from government surveillance , protected privacy rights , higher standards for legal conviction , freedom from exploitative economic practices etc. 
  the us enjoys freedoms like the freedom to promote genocide in public and the freedom to own a gun at an age when they 're not even entrusted to vote . 
  americans are in many way under a totalitarian authoritarian state when it comes to their rights when interacting with authority . 
  the `` danger '' you create with an armed populace is part of how they justify this authoritarian control . 
  the fact that police can shoot innocent people and not be prosecuted . 
  in fact all a police officer ( a mechanism of state control ) needs is for someone not to respond to their commands , and feel at risk that that person might have a weapon , to be legally justified in shooting someone . 
  they tell you freedom is all about stuff like owning guns or being allowed to engage in hate speech , when in reality that 's just a distraction . 
  all that matters is a populace 's ability to organise and politically resist the government , and in this regard much of europe is freer . 
  europe is n't less free where it matters . 
  those freedoms you see europe as giving up are actually trivialities . 
  when you have political leverage then you can change laws or resist oppression . 
  but when you 're armed and politically controlled you 're less scary than a free unarmed populace from a tyrants perspective . 
  a car is deadly but it 's primary purpose is not as a weapon . 
  society does n't entrust 16 year old as adults and therefore they should n't be entrusted with a tool that 's primary function is killing . 
  it 's just unnecessary . 
  the us has enough school shootings anyway . 
  i do n't care about teenagers learning to shoot , i learnt to shoot at that age . 
  but that 's no reason why that kid should have a weapon at home available to him at any time . 
  there are way too many depressed and aggressive teenagers out there for that to be sensible . 
  itt : people delusional about their 12 year old self 's talents . 
  let 's face it , we 'd all be on benefits and sitting at home dreaming about being a pokemon master or some bullshit . 
  someone is either an adult , legally responsible , or a child , a legal dependent . 
  ideally , no child would have a car either , and in many countries you ca n't even get a full car licence until you 're 18 . 
  there is at least a reason to give children cars , and that 's if they could n't get to their place of education otherwise . 
  realistically there 's no reason why under 18s should have cars . 
   i grew up around people who shot as soon as they were old enough to stay on their feet when they did it . 
  none of them disrespected guns , none of them tolerated the disrespect of guns , and if someone who did n't own or use guns was talking about disrespecting a gun they did n't put up with it . 
  your anecdotal information is irrelevant . 
  the reality is that vastly more people die , including young people , die from gun violence ( and violence generally ) on an annual basis , when compared to most the developed world . 
   that 's far better than just being thrust into legal ownership without knowing what the fuck you 're doing . 
  i 'm not saying under 18 should n't learn about guns . 
  when kids can only access weapons in things like shooting clubs it 's an ideal time to teach them about ownership . 
  that 's also why most of the world has gun licences , and that 's when you learn how to responsibly own a weapon . 
  and it 's a verb ? 
  i do n't really . 
  but i do think you 're insane for doing so . 
  what i resent more is your belief that you have more freedom just because you can own a gun at home . 
  americans totalitarian tendencies are worrying . 
  ironically gun owners in the us tend to cite fighting totalitarianism as a reason for an armed populace , without seeing the obvious fact that if society gets to the stage where you need to defend yourself from authorities with lethal force you 're already fucked . 
  one tiem !, 
  sorry to hear that man . 
  i 'd do some research on the us thing , often people are n't technically allowed in but the us has no way of knowing you were convicted so it 's just scaremongering , but obviously you have to be careful . 
  important thing is either not to go or to just go for it , do n't confess your crime to the us embassy or at the border or you 'll be banned for life . 
  this is a good reason to stay out of asia . 
  people seem to forget how fascist asia is in many regards .
