  [ affc , edit : and now s5e7 ] ( #b `` a bit like how she so vastly underestimates the sparrows , even when they 're comfortable arresting the queen but never sees it coming back on her '' ), 
  there 's also what he 's currently doing in s5 ... 
  [ episode 6 season 5 ] ( #s `` planning for all eventualities with the north , i imagine he 's got a stannis , bolton and lannister plan already to go '' ), 
  him and varys are the true players of the game if you ask me , but littlefinger is unbound by morality and free to act completely ruthlessly , leave varys at a disadvantage . 
  varys strength however is his brain and also the way he 's completely unthreatening , leading many to underestimate his capacity to read the situation . 
  they both came from nothing though which i think is their true power , they are n't blinded like the people of high social rank and often see their power and inherent rather than conditional on circumstance , or are two blinded by higher virtues like honour / decency and so on . 
  [ s4 ] ( #s `` that 's deep !, 
  i had n't thought of that , perhaps varys never intended for sansa to go to highgarden after all , and was really giving the olenna the information she needed to get into bed with littlefinger , knowing that olenna wanted to do something to protect maegaery from joffrey , and littlefinger could assist with that , using the assistance getting sansa to littlefinger for the trade . '' ), 
  i think it 's not just the sand snakes that made that part bad , but also the ease with which jamie and bronn make it into the castle . 
  one moment they 're seeing the castle from afar , the next they 're with myrcella in the water garden . 
  it was actually a really disappointing moment for me when i saw them just appear there . 
  it reminded me of a cornball 90s show like xena or something how they just skip over a huge segment of events for time / budget constraints , reusing a set we 've already seen a lot of . 
  i realise the writers are working within large time constraints , but that came over as really expedient . 
  i mean in my opinion that scene was one of the worst in the whole programme , nevermind season 5 . 
  what 's more is that the programme is usually very well crafted , so it stuck out like a sore thumb , and i imagine that 's why it 's caused such a reduction in opinion . 
  i mean are we really just meant to accept the fact that jamie and bronn have just magically strolled inside a heavily guarded castle merely because they were wearing dornish clothing ? 
  they could 've at least given us one intermediary scene of them breaking in so it did n't seem so out of place . 
  combine that with the poorly choreographed fight scene , i feel the use of whips and other unconventional weapons was abysmal , the actors just seem to be standing around waiting for their turn to attack , especially when compared to the awesomely choreographed sword fighting scenes , and with the presence of the terribly acted sand snakes , who the public have already taken a dislike to , and you have a recipe for disaster ... 
  i do n't think the final scene was the reason for the dislike , but much rather this whole part before it . 
  i think that statistic is a bit artificially reduced in linguistic circles for political reasons . 
  there is a tendency is reduce the prominence of rp by defining it very strictly in accordance with how it was defined 40 years ago . 
  so the moment people start to rhyme school with call then they 're no longer considered rp speakers . 
  i think this mostly because of the class associations with rp . 
  while the definition of genam is allowed to move with the times rp is frozen in time because people it 's seen as `` posh '' and its prominence diminished in order to propagate the notion that it 's out of date . 
  i 'd personally argue that there is more of a de facto standard dialect in the uk than we mostly admit , which although as not as prominent as genam is more widely spoken than you 'd think . 
  it certainly seems to me that most middle class speakers south of birmingham do have a generically southern `` neutral '' accent that would n't meet the criteria for speaking david cameron-esque rp english , yet lacks what i 'd consider regional features . 
  some have theorised this as estuary english but i 'm not a fan of that analysis personally . 
  well there 's a lot of information out there if you have a look . 
  it 's just no many people can come to much of consensus on what can be called standard nowadays , there 's also some hostility to the notion that there needs to be a standard since the decline of rp , while the concept of genam lingers on because the us is ultimately more linguistically homogeneous and it does n't have the class associations rp does . 
  i do n't agree with your point about it not being the whole south though , because while many people in southern cities like bristol do have distinct sw dialects , many people in say dorset and devon do not . 
  just as in london there are many people who speak southern regional standard there are also many people with distinct se dialects . 
  in my opinion there is a line across the uk running diagonally across the country from norfolk to gloucester , cutting through northamptonshire and south warwickshire , that bisects the prevalence of southern regional standard . 
  it 's not that there are n't prominent regional dialects south of this line , because there loads , but there are also significant numbers of southern regional standard speakers too . 
  north of this line southern regional standard becomes markedly `` posh '' and more and more people speak with some kind of regional accent considerably even when they 're higher up the social strata than below the line . 
  that is to say , if we compared self-identifying middle class people above and below this line , a much higher percent of these people below the line would speak with a southern regional standard accent , than those living above it . 
  not that areas north of this do n't have there own social markers within their respective areas . 
  people from the rich suburbs of birmingham certainly sound different from those living in the poorer inner city areas . 
  people in the wirral certainly sound different from inner city mancunians and so on . 
  some theorists have posited the possibility of a north regional standard , something that does n't differ too greatly from southern regional standard but with a few differences , for example pronouncing put and putt the same way , no trap-bath split ( it 's an extremely social statement to use this in the north ) , saying tool with like to with an - l on the end rather than rhyming with shawl ( as in rp but not southern regional standard ) . 
  however i think if this does exist it 's not very prominent , since most areas above this line seem to have their own diverse social strata of accents , a middle class yorkshireman sounding very different from a middle class liverpudlian . 
  i think we can say with certainty that overall the people identifying as middle class in norfolk sound a lot more similar to a middle class person in dorset than in the former example anyway . 
  it seems patently clear that southern england has a greater element of standardisation than the north . 
  you 're right in saying it 's all biased by our own experience though , but there are studies available . 
  the british library has some great resources if you 're interested . 
  it 's not like grrm actually writes for the show though . 
  still rowing, 
  not quite , they 're professional writer , usually they do a good job , not here though , not here ... 
  yes i think there is , there are plenty of people in wales and scotland who speak something that resembles southern regional standard . 
  i 've met a number of them , you would n't know where they were from . 
  i ca n't speak for northern ireland . 
  there seems to be a consensus on which pronunciations are markedly regional and which are considered more neutral . 
  that does n't mean anything like the majority of scots or welshmen speak this way , but a small percentage do despite living in scotland or wales the majority of their lives . 
  now you could n't say the same for the geordie dialect , there are no people in wales who speak geordie despite never spending any significant portion of their lives in newcastle . 
  take these three people , jeremy clarkson , richard hammond and martin freeman , each grew up in different parts of the uk ( yorkshire , birmingham and hampshire respectively ) , yet their accents are all remarkably similar , sure you might find traces of regionalism in each 's speech , but you 'd have to look at the minutia to tell . 
  anyway it 's not like all americans in various regions speak only genam , it 's just that wherever you go in america you 'll find genam speakers peppered around , sometimes a lot , sometimes a little , same with what seems to be the new de facto uk dialect . 
  which is why there does seem to be a de facto standard dialect in the uk , whether we like it or not . 
  the additional point was that this dialect is not what more people would define as rp , which now sounds markedly posh to most people . 
  5 % seems to be a rather generous guess for rp speakers these days , but i 'd imagine 20 % or more speak in this de facto standard dialect , which is significant enough to mean that there is a standard dialect that still prevails in the uk overall . 
  edit : fine downvote pointlessly . 
  never have i seen two references that sat so uncomfortably together , eyeless doc . 
  brown ... so wrong . 
  actually loved hannah murray long before got . 
  back when she was crazy cassie in skins , she 's definitely got something !, 
  i 'll also add . 
  it 's probably literally the first time emilia clarke has met peter dinklage , maybe outside a few fancy celebrity events . 
  you 're right there . 
  part of me just wanted to turn the episode off satisfied at that point . 
  obviously i did n't ... 
  thus the crossbow ... 
  they did it a lot fucking faster did n't they !, 
  i think the show is leaving you to fill in the gaps while the made it seem more obvious . 
  the people of king 's landing are in dire straits , they had stannis attacking them , they were starving before the tyrells brought food to the city again , they had joffrey but he died , then they got tommen backed by tywin whom they respected , but he died . 
  then it 's just tommen and cersei and winter is coming . 
  they 've progressively been turning to the sept for guidance , there is a religious fervour in the city . 
  all this is just meant to be assumed from the background but we do n't really have a feel for the people 's mentality in the series portrayed that clearly . 
  it 's not a deux ex machina because they 're not just using the sparrows as a device to achieve something in the plot , they 're actually going somewhere with this and high sparrow is now an important character . 
  i can see how it might seem like they came out of nowhere in the show though . 
  well yes , i agree varys might win in the end due to playing the long game . 
  littlefinger has the superficial advantage however because he 's unbound by morality . 
  it 's a classic pairing of the desire filled evil genius vs the patient unemotional master . 
  purple what now ? 
  i really do n't think that explains it . 
  people do n't typically lose their accents after moving . 
  yeah that is true . 
  i have already stated that it 's not as prevalent as genam . 
  my point was merely that what you and your friends speak probably is n't strictly rp but it 's strict definition , which is why the statistics are messed up . 
  we 'd have to use another term like southern regional standard and when we do this we 'd find the figures a lot more significant , maybe something like 40 % of people in the south of england + 1-10 % elsewhere depending on the region have this shared voice that 's often perceived as neutral . 
  it 's really not hard to not speak with a regional accent barring maybe a generically southern one . 
  in birmingham it 's hardly that rare due to the stigma attached to the accent . 
  that 's classic norfolk . 
  [ have a listen ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vjl5vd_fk-m ), 
  americans hate outdoor cats , who would 've thought it ... 
  i wonder where he 's from , he does n't sound like he 's from anywhere . 
  i think that was air disturbance . 
  [ this is as close as he got ] ( http://imgur.com/g81b6yc ) . 
  i also think we have a better name for that `` grass on the wall '' , which is `` hedge behind a wooden fence '' . 
  everyone here seems to be calling it wall ? 
  it 's got gaps in it !, 
  even if he 's hit it something of that momentum probably would n't have come off that badly . 
  so meta,
