  nope pal that 's bs . 
  this is a pointless discussion anyway . 
  if you were capable of understanding why you 're putting your across as a dick you would n't put yourself across as a dick ... 
  ergh , dropping `` fallacies '' just another dick thing dicks who are trying too hard seem intelligent do . 
  actually intelligent people need to show off they vocabulary . 
  here 's a long word for you ... parsimony . 
  they 're also aware of the rather obvious fact that if your posts attempt to explain things to people rather than showcase your knowledge of terminology and long words they 'll be more appreciated . 
  no lol . 
  to be fair i think many tgis make a lot of money on drinks . 
  for some reason a strange demographic of people flock there on weekends to get pissed . 
  it 's weird . 
  i agree with virtually everything in this thread except five guys , weird . 
  i actually rate five guys because it 's the best fast food style burger i 've had . 
  sure mcdonalds is cheaper , and a restaurant burger might be genuinely better quality food , but five guys does the really unhealthy overindulgent burger well imo , and if you 're the kind of person who does n't eat much fast food then five guys is perfect if you feel like indulging ,, 
  so many mentioned here though , tgi , nandos , dominos , and papa johns , are awful . 
  i do n't understand why delivery pizza is so overpriced and bad in the uk . 
  the pizzas you get from places like dominoes , pizza hut , and papa john 's do n't even taste like real pizza , it 's some weird unnatural abomination . 
  this might be controversial , but i 'm going to say subway . 
  pay 4 quid for a 6 inch sandwich that is n't quite a snack nor a meal , or pay 6 for a massive 12 inch sandwich that will leave you over full and feeling like a fat bastard . 
  being rationed to like 4 olives per half sub . 
  get frustrated as the person in front takes 5 minutes to make their order . 
  ultimately fuck up your sandwich by getting a bad combination that seemed good in your imagination . 
  so many american imports are the same , they seem great in your mind but the reality is always a bit disappointing . 
  fuck off corbyn you useless cunt . 
  i actually want to vote labour to create a real opposition to the tories but they 're making very hard and i will be voting lib dem until they oust this weak clueless dinosaur from power . 
  it 's because of our culture i 'm afraid . 
  everyone know american and japanese work culture is dreadful ( mostly for the workers ) , but no one really appreciate the poverty of british work culture . 
  it 's pretty dreadful ( mostly for everyone ) . 
  this is probably because it 's hard to really capture definitively or objectively what it is that makes it bad . 
  things that stand out to me :, 
  - we 're all too cynical , most people assume everyone but himself or herself is incompetent . 
  meanwhile the people they are assuming to be incompetent are assuming that they are incompetent . 
  when people take this mentality they tend to just look out for themselves and covering their own arses rather than engage with an activity in a meaningful and earnest fashion . 
  - there is a lack of association between a person 's pride and their work . 
  too few of us are proud of what we do , most of us gave up on childish notions like taking pride in what we do for a living years ago . 
  now we derive our sense of self worth entirely from other sources . 
  this allows us to tolerate feigning interest in what we do . 
  - lack of real identification between people . 
  i hate to say it , but in countries with a more homogeneous sense of identity have greater respect for colleagues . 
  british culture is too divided on class and cultural grounds , and this leads to people towards ceasing to care as much about colleagues . 
  we 've become a bit `` too cool for school '' in this country . 
  ditching all your interest in your work colleagues and only truly identifying with your `` real friends '' outside of work is the norm . 
  so many people enjoy identifying with a select group and see everyone else the other . 
  ironically i think in countries where work culture can be a bit more formal this does n't happen as often ( because the boundary is to some degree already in place and therefore theirs no need to separate yourself constantly ), 
  - poor distinction between personal time and work time . 
  there 's this constant nagging pressure to `` go the extra mile '' , `` be a team player '' , `` pull your weight '' by giving away your labour for free , or at least making sacrifices to your personal life just to help out the company . 
  this ranges from small things like answering emails outside of office hours and answering work calls in the evening all the way to straight up coercion into unpaid labour . 
  this is fine if you 're earning a lot of money but expecting it from ordinary people is just a bit of nasty social engineering to try and squeeze more labour out of you . 
  in many countries declining work outside your contracted hours has no stigma . 
  it 's not that they do n't ever work late , but there 's a clear understanding that you do n't have to , and the boss should make you want to do so rather than feeling like you have to because if you do n't you could lose your job . 
  having worked in a few countries i have to say it made me really dislike british work culture . 
  from what i 've experienced , low level jobs in the uk are just dreadful , very demeaning and infantile , ran by a bunch of power mad supervisors and low level managers , who have their lust for status exploited by a bunch of cynical and apathetic higher ups who use a trail of bread crumbs consisting of promotions , minor pay rises , and accolades get them to do their bidding and dissociate themselves from the workers ( who actually earn a salary much more comparable to their own ) . 
  white collar work is pretty bad too , with offices being way too political . 
  working abroad i 've often felt like the dynamic was very natural , like how a bunch of ordinary flawed human beings would work together rather intuitively . 
  whereas in the uk i 've always felt like the work place was a minefield that one had to navigate on a knife 's edge or fall into one of the many many pitfalls . 
  so many people looking for something to take offence to rather than empathising with their colleagues , lots of point scoring , back stabbing , blame shifting , and arse covering . 
  people who refuse to play ball and just want to get on with the job tend to get maligned rather than left to get on with it . 
  haha this is nothing . 
  over christmas i saw people driving down completely empty motorway in the middle of the night at 70 mph in the middle lane . 
  they did n't even move over when traffic approached them from behind . 
  most of them . 
  this misguided belief that most british singers sing with an american accent is nonsense . 
  this is a natural phenomena that occurs when people sing that makes their accent less clear to your brain . 
  this is why people who ca n't do a convincing accent in a certain language can often sing convincingly . 
  singing naturally changes the aural qualities of what you ear and your brain projects the rest . 
  singing also shifts the positioning of most vowels so that everything becomes more open . 
  you can see this phenomena not just between countries , but within countries too , for example , a singer with a new york accent might not sing in a way that makes it noticeable . 
  there definitely are a fair few british singers who have fake an american accent , either because they 're been wrongly influenced by a certain style or because of a deliberate choice to appeal to a market , however , the idea that most do it is incorrect . 
  most of singers that people point to as sounding `` british '' are actually singers with very distinctive styles that tend to emphasise consonants ( either a stylistic choice or a product of a thick accent and no classical singing instruction ) or deliberately play up a regional accent to fit their image . 
  i had the same thing but it was n't gas but something worse . 
  was only about 10 years old , terrible stomach pain , doubling over in agony . 
  doctors were saying that i might have to have my appendix out and that they needed to run some test . 
  i 'm lying on a stretcher in tears . 
  sudden urge to go toilet , i pity whoever had to clean that toilet . 
  this was cool but could you choose more useless skills ? 
  whatever mate . 
  i want to vote for a left wing progressive party , not the `` socialist conservatives '' . 
  i agree . 
  british culture has become a reflection of the insecurities of its people . 
  engaging with the wider society and community is `` uncool '' . 
  being closed off and elitist , only engaging fully with a select group of people in specific contexts is seen as desirable . 
  to the point even people who do n't have much of a life outside the office would rather fake one when asked about their weekend plans than acknowledge they do n't have their own friend circle supporting them outside of work . 
  in many ways i think britons are the most antisocial of all , as countries with greater level of collectivism do n't tend to have these issues , and while countries like america might be very individualistic , they tend to have a wide circle of acquaintances ( as the hanging out with people you 're not legitimately close to is far more normalised , while this can seem shamelessly pragmatic to britons ) . 
  i disagree , wanting to leave the eu is regressive , blair was a progressive liberal , that is not the same as being right wing . 
  i love how quickly you so called progressive corbynites are to accept that that `` step has already been taken '' ( literally nothing has happened ) . 
  blair precedes of some the best years for the uk by far . 
  he did n't cause the global recession . 
  purely from a domestic point of view blair 's liberal vision worked vert well . 
  the collective consciousness of this country is pretty fucking useless . 
  britain is a nation defined by liberalism , it was our defining political character , now we have a regressive authoritarian right and and a regressive protectionist left in our dreadful two party state , bloody brilliant . 
  obscure grammar point but it should be, 
   which the eu was to have provided, 
  well good to know that the wealthiest generation of pensioners yet wo n't be going hungry while the things that the future depends upon like infrastructure investment , education , and child welfare get cut back . 
  hmm british might be debatable . 
  if she 's not speaking german at home the majority of the time i 'll eat my hat . 
  that said , it 's fair to say being of anglo-german origins has worked out pretty well for composers in the past !, 
  edit : apparently she 's half israeli so that 's probably modern hebrew influence we 're hearing , i 'd better get cooking . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  a government that favours economy with tax breaks for business but skimps on public utilities will see the market boom but suffer long term down the road , passing costs onto the next generation . 
  it 's not a direct relationship obviously , government spending does n't pay for private pensions , of that i 'm well aware , but the idea that government policy , markets , and pensions are all `` nothing whatsoever to do with '' one another is myopic .
