  sure , but women can do it just fine . 
  i know a female hgv driver and she was so good at it she was able to start her own haulage company, 
  fair enough , we do n't seem to be disagreeing here . 
  i 'm stating exactly that , that every role should be open to everyone who is fit , and if there literally exists no women who can meet the standard of being fit , then not exists . 
  no need for pay gaps based on gender , no need to exclude women based on gender , simply an objective standard for strength and fitness that individuals must meet before being allowed to perform roles that require those talents . 
  my only other point was that their * might * be firefighter roles that require less physical strength than others , and it might not cause harm to the overall performance if people who do n't achieve the same physical standard as people doing different role perform those less physical roles . 
  it 's not a given that every firefighter should be able to perform the role of every other one anymore than it 's a given that every soldier should be able to perform the role of any other soldier . 
  however , the only way we have to know this is by looking how firefighting works , which we 're not qualified to do . 
  yeah , it 's similar in any town without a large immigrant population , you do n't get people willing to risk selling to just anybody amongst the locals . 
  nor do you have the kind of faceless anonymity a big immigrant packed city provides , so you 're also more likely to be targeted by local crooks if you 're not fussy about who you deal with . 
  i 'm sure the local faces in glasgow are far more familiar with other than in birmingham , where minor dealers fly under the radar in the chaos of different communities all over the place . 
  thinking about it , i think the asian gangs sell their weed this way partially because they actually ca n't make serious money selling it wholesale , because they 'd get too much attention from the nastier violent gangs , so by controlling a network of smaller dealers they can still make big profits , without having to deal with or attracting the attention of the big gangs . 
  the asians do also look after each other a fair bit . 
  they see no big deal giving these jobs to their cousins and nephews , so it 's more much of an inside mentality . 
  q : what do you think of american irony ? 
  a : i think it would be a good idea, 
  also should add that this music is a interpretation of funeral march for queen mary by 17th century british composer henry purcell ( interestingly he also did the cold song from wolf of wall street ) . 
  have n't tried watching this in german , will have to give it a go . 
  yes , he has the perfect british army brat voice . 
  sadly the opposite is happening in most countries , 10 - 20 years ago if you asked most europeans what they think of the british they 'd have had an image based on james bond , tea , and the queen . 
  in the recent political environment , plus a few other factors such as the terrible reputation of britain 's tourists , behaviour of football fans , the image seems to be going back to an image of the unsophisticated yob . 
  brexit especially has contributed to this negative image problem . 
  it 's not so much the fact we were n't like this before , but more that the europeans had less reason to pay attention to us in the past ( outside a narrow band of media that does n't particularly represent the average brit , sherlock , bond , doctor who etc. ) . 
  sadly it 's true . 
  i 've lived abroad for a few years and i can spot a group of brits on holiday ( where i live is somewhat popular as a cheap stag do location ) at 200 paces . 
  so many clues from the clothes , most british males these days just try a bit too hard to look trendy , and end up looking like they 've covered themselves in glue and rolled around in h&m . of course the group will all have the standard issue toni and guy men 's cuts . 
  the way they dress stands in stark contrast to they way they carry themselves , which is super macho and laddish , and does n't seem to fit the way their fashion style . 
  they way they interact will typically be loud ( yes i said , brits can be loud too ) and banterous . 
  what really annoys me about seeing brits on holiday is how closed off they are . 
  some of the bars and clubs i frequent get the occasional group of british tourists , usually a stag or hen party . 
  whereas everyone in these places tends to mingle a bit . 
  there 's always non-locals there , italians , polish , spaniards , and nobody cares where you 're from or why you 're in the city , they 're just to have a good times . 
  so often with the brits though , the guys at least , i see them claim a corner of the nightclub , set up base , and then basically patrol around their corner ogling or trying to chat up women , but avoiding interaction with anyone else . 
  they do n't seem to realise they 'd probably have more success if they were more open to talking to anyone . 
  if they did this they might actually get introduced to the women they 've been eyeing across the dance floor for the last 45 minutes , and come off a hell of lot less threatening . 
  i know this is a big divide between the avg . 
  british provincial club culture ( respect the territorial rights of the other males in the room and do n't spill anyone 's pint ) with the culture here , but seriously it makes british men look really backwards . 
  if i speak to brits when they 're here their faces seem to light up , with a `` thank god , one of us ! '', 
  type of mentality , but when i tell them i 've lived here for years they tend to frown and act a bit suspicious `` oh right , so you 're practically a foreign then ? '', 
  is what i assume they 're thinking . 
  when it comes to brits abroad , i just ca n't help but feel the mentality has n't changed since the days of the colonies , that the moment many brits step off british soil they suddenly feel like they 're `` beyond the pale '' , `` we 've left her majesty 's protection lads , watch out !, 
  everything is no longer as it seems '' . 
  despite the fact they 're only gone a few hundred miles , most people speak decent english , and the culture really is n't that vastly different . 
  it makes britain look very parochial and unsophisticated . 
  bear in mind , i am british , i know most britons are n't even like this , but most of the ones i see are the classic lads on tour types coming here for cheap beer and because a flight costs 50 quid . 
  point is , i would n't say britain 's rep on the continent is improving , the more most of mainland europe actually gets to know us the more we lose the positive image projected by our media . 
  even if we could go at warp 9 we 'd still need bloody ages to get anywhere . 
  sci-fi gives the impression that at ftl speeds we 'd be going anywhere in the universe in a few days , when even a many many times the speed of light even the nearest stars are weeks/months away . 
  then there 's always the time dilation problem . 
  spend a few months on a new planet and when you get back everyone you knew and loved is dead . 
  were you born moble ? 
  you dare speak to your king in such a fashion ? 
  slither.io is my favourite . 
  far superior to the phone version and much more competitive due to having mouse input . 
  the input on the phone version get super frustrating . 
  when you get really big on the game it 's so exciting . 
  i just do n't get why he corrects randy 's pronunciation . 
  nihilist is from the latin and should be pronounced nee-il-list most accurately . 
  nile-list seems to be popular in north america , but there 's absolutely nothing wrong with saying it the other way . 
  the sun caters to such idiots , they would n't be criticising them . 
  because you like it there ? 
  i mean the uk does pretty well in most metrics , even if it 's not the best . 
  it 's pretty wealthy compared to most other countries , although this is dragged down by a high cost of living . 
  when you do n't account for cost of living brits on average even earn more that germoney and about half of us states . 
  a lot of people go to the uk to escape poverty in other countries , sometimes extreme poverty like in parts of asia and africa , and sometimes just moderate poverty , because they 're out of work in poland or romania or whatever . 
  when it comes to developed nations i 'd say it 's more or less on par with most of them , and which you prefer will probably be more on the basis of personal preference . 
  money driven capitalist types would probably prefer america , socialist types might prefer denmark , cultural types might prefer france . 
  i would say the uk does `` decent '' pretty damn well . 
  the economic opportunities are `` decent '' , the money you earn is `` decent '' , the social support provided , while less than it should be , is decent compared to many other countries , the education is `` decent '' , the crime level is `` decent '' , at least when you look on a global scale . 
  the only real question to anyone choosing to live in the uk is `` do you like it here ? '' . 
  i know with brexit it makes us all look like we think britain is so brilliant the whole world is trying to get in , but that 's not really true , and only few idiots believe that . 
  and i know the media can make seem like foreigners are being attacked in the streets left right and centre , but that 's not true either , while a few attacks have occurred it 's hard a massive social crisis , and only a tiny share of people are really racist or xenophobic . 
  wtf is it then ? 
  once accidentally found myself mingling a russian orthodox jewish oligarch 's wedding reception at the ritz-carlton in berlin . 
  everyone who attended was getting a gift bag with a $ 700 watch in it , and real gold jewellery bracelets , rings , and necklaces for the women . 
  they even hired a professional tv crew . 
  i asked one of the camera guys whether he reckoned the wedding cost over $ 1,000,000 . 
  he just laughed and said at least x10 that . 
  i at least got a few drinks out of it . 
  i would say abso-fucking-lutely . 
  the problem with wow for me was the constant huge shifts in the meta every expansion , and these shifts only got worse as the game progressed . 
  in reality the only games i actually understand are vanilla , tbc , and cata , everything else i have no fucking clue about . 
  even wotlk i ca n't really play simply because i quit during that expansion so i have no idea how to play any class . 
  the transition from vanilla to tbc was n't so bad because it mainly just built upon existing talents and abilities . 
  as soon as wotlk came out i just quit straight away because it was apparent to me that the game had change and i would need to relearn everything to be a good raider or pvper . 
  when i came back to cata , i basically had to pick the game up from scratch . 
  relearning all the classes and all their abilities , and i was only able to do this because i 'd had a two year break from the game , and felt refreshed and willing to learn again . 
  as soon as panda came out i was like fuck this , the same or even worse than when wotlk changed everything , and since then i 've never gone back to live barring a few free trials that i managed about 4 hours on . 
  imo the expansion model that blizzard uses is a pile of fucking shit , and it only exists because they want to level the playing field to give new players a chance to compete and hopefully secure more long term subs . 
  it 's fine to develop the classes , but it should be building gradually on what went before , and if things need to be taken away then it should be gradually so you do n't feel the change so hard . 
  by shaking up the classes every expansion from tbc onward it really fucked players who enjoyed mastering their talents . 
  sure , some players enjoy the challenge of adapting to a new gaming environment and working out how to turn it their advantage , but these people are in the minority . 
  it 's also very tiring to keep doing this after putting to much effort into a version of the game to start from scratch . 
  ironically it 's the perfect opt out for players looking to quit so in their greed blizzard kind of fucked themselves . 
  it 's also why all the top pvp players passed tbc has to multi class and built fotm setups , as due to the constantly mix ups , it rewarded this style more than sticking with your favourite class , the skills you 'd developed in previous expansions having little bearing on that classes playstyle in a later expansion . 
  it 's perfectly possible to have expansions without completely redesigning class mechanics and changing absolute everything every time . 
  just add more content and a few new abilities each time , do n't completely redesign the game . 
  actiblizz have just got worse and worse , desperately redesigning the game to try to save it , but all they 've done is ruin it . 
  ok so first off it does n't matter if it 's english or german , as both capitalise proper nouns . 
  what you evidently do n't know is that for a time the german students of bauhaus in dessau rebelled against this very convention and insisted their logo be written without capital letters , as an act of humility .
