  i imagine it 's similar to germany . 
  there is demand for english teaching , particularly in businesses , although this is more about getting decent english speakers to speak more professionally and competently about complex ideas . 
  there are always language schools , it just becomes hard to get in the door without some good qualifications and experience . 
  i think with delta you 'd be fine to be honest , just do n't expect to have employers fighting over you , get your choice of schools , or land a job overnight . 
  does n't matter how well a country speaks english on average , there is always a demand for qualified experienced english teachers . 
  there are always educational institutions who are looking for native english teachers , even if they do n't commonly fit the standard english language school model that is common in countries with a lower standard of english : private universities looking for native tutors to improve their english , in company training for people who work internationally , additional tutelage for teenagers taking their exams or applying to university/studying abroad . 
  got one for german ? 
  you 're not wanted in the uk mate . 
  we should send you to siberia without a coat . 
  i feel the same living outside the country . 
  the uk has gone bigotry bonkers . 
  i do n't really feel like there are any british values . 
  all through my life in the uk i heard a lot about value but it but never understood it at all . 
  in british public school i heard `` british values '' mentioned in the context of a smug cultural elitism that heavily favoured traditionalism and conservatism of the `` trying to find meaning in what 's old and make sense of an otherwise rapidly changing and modernising world '' brand . 
  along with a general sense of being of a better moral calibre for it despite so much of what the believers put their faith in no longer making much sense in the 21st century . 
  in the workplace i often heard `` british values '' used in the context of subtle , and something not so subtle , xenophobia towards foreigners . 
  `` those foreigners need to adopt british values if they want to live here '' , is the kind of context i 'd hear it in , or `` i 'm not against foreigners that come here to get on , but those who reject british values should n't be allowed to stay '' , and so on . 
  honestly i 'm at a loss to what these `` british values '' are , i do n't think they really exist . 
  `` western values '' , now that would make a lot more sense , because the west tends to be dominated by common shared themes like democracy , the rule of law , the equality of all citizens , a balance between government and private interest ( even if countries differ in where they put the balance ) , the right of citizens to choose to work and not be assigned a role by the state . 
  these are commonalities that all truly western countries share , and honestly it 's what we refer to as `` british values '' some of the time , despite britain having no claim to be the sole follower of these values . 
  what value is uniquely british , do you think the danish do n't care about fairness ? 
  do you think the french do n't care about economic opportunity ? 
  it 's absurd . 
  if there even is such a thing as british values they are just a twist on a greater tradition of western values , the icing on the top of the cake , and even defining that is difficult . 
  i guess you could say that british political thought is more influenced the early modernist enlightenment school of thought , particularly the empiricists , and thus in our legal and political position we tend to conceive of thing more in terms of the right of the natural born individual , rather than what is expedient for the state or collective . 
  however , i feel this is a distinction that has become more and more meaningless . 
  in our ethics you might put the uk somewhat more utilitarian , a bit more focussed on the consequences of an action than on its means . 
  at the same time though , people in the uk tend to focus on the spirit of the law more than its letter . 
  we do n't just accept rules as a way of getting things done that ultimately does n't matter provided they are applied universally , rather we want to know the answer to `` why ? '' . 
  it 's incredible hard to define really , we are just a product of our national history in the same way every other country is . 
  ultimately though `` british values '' is a vacuous and overused term . 
  well yes and no . 
  i do spend a fair bit of time in the uk , and lived there many years , i felt there was always bigotry beneath the surface , but the news over the last few months as certainly emphasised it . 
  i bet there are plenty of apartments in ny with way more plants , but they 're all grown hydroponically . 
  it 's not just about the amount of energy batteries can store , it 's about coverting that energy into enough power to power turbines . 
  we 're only just now making electric cars that have anything like the power of normal cars , battery powered jet turbines might be a long way off . 
  they have pretty much no practical ability whatever . 
  useless , high altitude planes and satellites are x1000 better and safer . 
  military ? 
  what good is being able to fly a mile or so at a relatively slow speed , you 're just a sitting duck to be shot at with that predictable movement pattern . 
  also , you 're lugging around incredibly heavy equipment with fuel tanks just for that . 
  emergency rescue ? 
  completely useless , the person using the jet back ca n't exactly take someone with them , a helicopter with a rope is far safer and more effective . 
  not to mention they 're incredibly dangerous at the moment and one false move could splatter you against a wall . 
  all i hope is that one day we 'll be able to go jetpacking in the same way you might learn to fly a helicopter or learn to scuba dive . 
  perhaps with future navigational technology they can make them safe enough for people to use them as a kind of extreme sport hobby . 
  maybe with some super technology they could make them fly on autopilot and then allow some manual control that wo n't let you turn it upside down and die . 
  i think electric powered flight is a great idea , i 'm sure one day it will be a lot more common . 
  still , i do n't think the technology is quite ready for electric jet packs . 
  certainly electric powered propeller planes are the first step . 
  yeah but then when you pull shit like brexit it on us we are still affected by decisions there . 
  i know many britons living abroad who wanted to vote in the referendum but could n't and now have a big cloud of uncertainty hanging over their future . 
  i wish shit like that happened in modern britain but it simply does n't . 
  in fact one thing people should and could do though is take their money overseas by putting savings into dollars and taking investments out of uk business and funds and into foreign businesses and funds . 
  it would still only be a drop in the ocean but it would send a clear message . 
  is `` for profit '' considered a negative in the us ? 
  are n't all universities `` for profit '' in the us , given hey all charge money ? 
  in europe there are plenty of good well respected private tertiary education institutions , that are essentially `` for profit '' , in contrast to public institutions which are either paid for or subsidised by the government . 
  hmm , well in europe at least while public universities do n't `` make profit '' they still generate of lot of money and have various relationships with private interests . 
  private universities `` make profit '' in the conventional sense , but many are well respected and still cheaper than us public universities . 
  a lot of people stop thinking in driving mode the moment the car stops , it 's amazing how many people will happily throw their door open without looking who at the same time would never make at turn or change lanes without checking their mirrors . 
  it 's good sense to teach this kind of practice from a young age , which is obviously something most cultures do n't do , the dutch being one that does because they 're a nation of cyclists and safety conscious . 
  to be fair , gp registration is n't as important these days since drop in clinics are an expedient solution . 
  i was n't registered for years and the one or two times i got sick enough to want to see a doctor i simply used a drop in clinic . 
  i think you 're overestimating his needs . 
  people have different needs . 
  i can see how this could work for him . 
  you use a friend or parent 's address for post . 
  in the london you can earn some serious bank , so it 's probably not short of cash . 
  living in london can give you access to a very immediate social life , pub scene / post work events . 
  i 'm sure some free thinking people would n't immediately be put off by his lifestyle if they got to know him a bit first , probably not something to lead with though . 
  so i do n't see partner being a serious problem . 
  some people are happy shitting once a day , and in case of any irregularity it 's fine to go in bushes and bury it . 
  i do n't think life would have to be lonely . 
  personally however i just think it would be boring and tiresome . 
  not being able to drink or stay out late because everyday you 're responsible for setting up your camp would be dull af in my mind . 
  each to their own i suppose . 
  personally i 'd hate being outside and in public so much of the time . 
  i bet this guy spends half his life in caf\u00e9s using their wifi to do his job , using their electricity to charge his devices . 
  to me that 's just a horrible environment to spend so much time in . 
  personally i like nothing more than having my own private sphere where i can eat , wash , excrete , sleep , relax , and plan for the next expedition to the outside . 
  of course they will , i 'm just saying it will take while . 
  we 've had electric cars since the 70s , and only now are they really becoming comparable to petrol engines . 
  electric jetpacks are n't impossible , they 're just relatively far off . 
  actually fuck you , when it comes to small courts plenty of people defend themselves , and magistrates work with laypeople all the time , there judges are n't there to catch people out simply because they 're not acquainted with legal terminology . 
  it is their job to interpret people correctly . 
  it does n't make sense to hire a lawyer then the cost of a lawyer is higher than the cost of losing the case . 
  where the fuck do you see my suggesting people defend themselves in anything of real significance ? 
  i was merely pointing out that misinterpreting someone 's words simply because they , a layerperson , did n't know some specific legal terminology is just not how courts actually work . 
  that 's some conspiracy theory level shit . 
  if you have to go to some lower court over some insurance claim or something then saying you `` had and accident '' should and will be interpreted as meaning exactly that , and not some specific legal definition . 
  i do n't know if you 've ever been to a small claims court , or whatever you have in your country , but it 's hardly like being on trial for murder . 
  i mean do you really fucking believe `` an accident '' legally means intentional ? 
  you do n't even know what `` unius est exclusio alterius '' means . 
  just give it up . 
   as far as the law goes , when you have an accident , you did it on purpose . 
  that is the most retarded thing i 've ever heard . 
   the legislation usually defines `` accident '' as `` includes an intentional collision . '', 
   and from a law dictionary , `` the inclusion of one is the exclusion of all others '' means that the above definition of an `` accident '' is an intentional collision . 
  this does n't even work a syllogism .
