  and like i said before you are not the first expat to do this , i see it all the time in europe within the english speaking expat community , someone has a few bad experiences and it becomes germans are like this or the swiss are like that . 
  you should really consider the fact the fact that unless a large number of people are saying the same thing it means nothing . 
  i just see some curly haired muppet talking, 
  the only thing i find annoying about this on the autobahn is when you 're doing a middling speed and there are hundred metre gaps between people in the the right hand lane , you always have that bmw guy who thinks you should be snaking in between the outside and middle lane rather than making him use the inside lane . 
  i did n't take my test in germany so i do n't know what the rules are regards this but i get the feeling that in the uk we 're a bit more relaxed and do n't expect people to change lanes more than once a minute . 
  british horses are more powerful !, 
  if you 've seen romani it will most likely in and around london and some towns on the south coast in places like kent . 
  they 're mostly new arrivals from the mainland and they tend to stay in the far south or at least in more urban areas . 
  irish travellers tend to be around middle england , from the north of london up until scotland all over the place most in rural areas . 
  i do n't think these two groups have any love for each other and keep out of each other 's way . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's a delusion self-justifying crock of shit . 
  the bloody sunday incident was not racially motivated but politically motivated . 
  the british government was effectively in a war with the ira at the time and had troops stationed throughout n. ireland to keep peace between the hundreds of thousands of people loyal to the britain living in the area and the republicans who were using terrorism to try and force the uk into giving n.ireland to the south despite it being against the wishes of the majority of people living there and not condoned by the majority of irish leaders . 
  the people doing the shooting were soldiers , and it 's universally recognised as a great tragedy in the uk and a failure of the peace keeping process . 
  you are completely ignorant of what the uk is like , and you obviously have some type of agenda you 're pushing against the uk with hilarious inaccurate misinformation . 
  there seems to be a faction of americans who are just dying to believe any negative made up bullshit about the uk without a moment to check the facts . 
  i just do n't know what inspires them , too many mel gibson films perhaps ? 
  i 'm sorry but you have no fucking clue and you should start spouting that shit in northern or southern ireland and see how well received it will be if you want to get a fucking education . 
  at best they would laugh at you , at worst they 'd send you to hospital . 
  yes there was struggles between the indigenous protestant and catholic populations in northern ireland going very far back . 
  the british armed forces were there to keep peace between the two sides . 
  there is still segregation in ireland because the two factions do not want to live next to each other . 
  the issues with the ira were separate to that and to do with people in both north and south who wanted the british out of northern ireland . 
  do you realise there are catholic loyalists as well ? 
  the troubles were only to do with religion secondarily . 
  please go get yourself a fucking education because you are an embarrassment in your complete ignorance of the facts . 
  it says a lot when you 're a native english speaker who ca n't even conjugate english . 
  such a complicated conjugation we have !, 
  that is n't american ffs , it 's not even close . 
  because you 're a badass that 's why ... 
  here 's a [ link ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=45vaelc_qsi ), 
  yes i must say i was only 13 or 14 , and i 'd grown up with constant talk of terrorism from ireland so i did n't see what the fuss was about . 
  my dad did say something very true though , `` the americans are going to go crazy over this , this stuff never happens to them '' , and to be fair he was right . 
  the americans reacted way differently to how people thought about terrorism previously , which was to ignore it on the grounds that attention and hysteria was what it wanted and allowing it change things was letting it win . 
  he did say they sickened him , just taking a silver lining . 
  you a appear to be lost anyway paytriot , is n't / r/shitstatistssay more your thing . 
  i 'm acquainted with your work and liberal it is not . 
  if that 's true you must be retarded or a left over catholic nationalist , because they 're the only two types of idiot who could equate bloody sunday to a racially motivated police shooting . 
  you know who was really fucking racist ? 
  michael willetts . 
  perfect example of how racist the british are against the irish . 
  keep listening to the nationalists and the folks blaming their failures on antique imperialism brother . 
  the british really do care so much about ireland , they 're just always thinking of ways to undermine it . 
  we so wanted to retain the loyalist counties , the land is just so valuable and the people contribute so much to our union , and of course it was a way to get one over on the popish bastards in the south who we so love to see subjugated . 
  see secretly there 's gold in those hills , bit like the falklands . 
  remember , the british presence in northern ireland wasnt at all to do with the uk reluctantly having to defend then loyalist population , it was all to do with how desperately wanted to keep being imperialist and discrimate against the irish . 
  true story . 
  clearly i 'm mad , actually i 'm just laughing at the sad nationalist who ca n't accept reality to be honest , you know most the people in the southern counties would think you a cunt too . 
  we have no love for the loyalists either frankly , it would have been doing britain a favour if we 'd allowed you to genocide each other and washed our hands of the lot of you antiquated idiots . 
  sadly morality said we were n't allowed to do that . 
  this was about the bloody sunday massacre , not the actions of extremist terrorist groups . 
  utter bullshit , are you saying none of the more extreme unionist would n't have done the same . 
  what reality are you living in ? 
  this is always the way with nationalist , completely one-sided , it 's all the evil british and the sinless republicans who can do no evil . 
  again do you think the british government condoned genocide ? 
  from a rational standpoint that would 've brought the wrath of the world down on them . 
  the extremist unionists and the extremist loyalists were all a bunch of cunts , the rest of the uk and large chucks of the roi 's population thought they were all a bunch of cunts and the presence of the army in the british counties was to try and stop the senseless bloody murdering that went on by terrorist cells that had the gall to call themselves armies . 
  i love that this is what you actually believe , straight up delusions . 
  everyone was so psyched for the war in iraq right ? 
  people just loved it , it was n't at all a war entered illegally against the wishes of the majority of people . 
  just like how the majority of british people could n't wait to send forces to ireland , it was n't at all an annoying distraction away from the looming threat of the iron curtain , nothing to do with fuckheads rioting in derry and belfast . 
  you read into this shit whatever the fuck you want to incapable of seeing the bigger picture and then whinge about how oppressed you are like every nationalist before you and every national to come after . 
  oh just fuck off and go have a wank over gerry adam 's buddies smashing people 's limbs over gravestones would ya ? 
  as much as i 'm loathe to praise russell brand i 'm sorry but that 's bullshit . 
  capitalism is unavoidable , you ca n't stop house prices in central london rising . 
  all people are saying is that the government should do something to subsidise the cost of certain types of affordable housing in central london lest we end up with a city entirely dominated by the affluent and people who 've called london their home for decades pushed out of town . 
  rich people are always going to want to live in london because it 's one of the capitals of the world , all anyone is asking for is some effort to balance things out a bit . 
  yeah yeah because we 're all responsible for what is ancient history now . 
  i totally had a say in what my ancestors did . 
  i guess i 'm responsible for slavery in the americas and the opium war too . 
  you 're the only disgrace , a disgrace for keeping nationalistic hatreds and angers going towards people that had nothing to do with the history that you relentlessly drag up . 
  again it 's the british 's fault that people in n. ireland ca n't play nicely together , that you all still give a fuck about your religious and cultural differences and hate each other 's guts . 
  the uk being the bastion of extreme christian views that it is , there 's so much pro-protestantism and hatred of catholics in great britain , it 's so normal to care about that stuff . 
  guess what the further you go back in history the more everyone was a dick by modern standards , the british just happened to be the dicks with the most resources . 
  plenty of heinous practices existed in ireland back then , nobody was flawless . 
  this is just hilarious and moronic . 
  the tories seem to think that banning sex stuff makes them look like they 're looking after the good old christian morality of the pensioner generation who are terribly sexually repressed . 
  now that they 've allowed gay marriage they 've got to do something like . 
  fucking hilarious and pathetic . 
  also i 'll add that this wo n't affect the porn you can see , but only porn made in the uk , so it 's basically a blow to the uk porn industry rather than fappers in the united kingdom . 
  it 's really not , i watched it a few months ago and it 's a bunch of superficial splooge, 
  it 's really really not . 
  half decent action flick , that 's it . 
  the most beautiful plastic bag in teh weeerrrld !, 
  i 'm sorry but i was saying the opposite . 
  germans change lanes too much . 
  some cunts do n't seem to understand lanes in the uk that is true , but i think we mostly have it right in that we only change lanes when you 're going to stay in that outer lane for more than 30-60 seconds . 
  german driving can be very fatiguing when you 're expected to change lanes every 20 seconds just to do the equivalent of doing 80 in the middle lane in the uk . 
  yes well `` twilight '' is famous literature of a sort , but the dark knight is n't a deep film , it 's an action film with a bit of pseudo-philosophical tripe on the side to make teenagers go `` wow that 's deep man '' . 
  fucking water temple man . 
  so i 've got to swim through a timed gate that has no visible switch on the other side ? 
  that 's not exploration that 's retarded !, 
  control on 00 man . 
  fuck you natalya you block headed retard ... 
  dos installs , fuck that shit !, 
  i do n't have a shit attitude towards anything . 
  the truth is someone from the mainland uk and someone from the south of the republic have more in common than someone from either side of ulster . 
  the flames of rampant aggressive nationalism is kept burning with misinformation about history flying around like no ones business . 
  the unionists with their talk of billy of orange and such , and the extreme nationalists with their talk of how britain has apparently tried to create genocide in ireland whether it be the famine or the black and tans or whatever . 
  it 's all fucking irrelevant , ancient history .
