  til people eat sunflower seeds , i 'm in my 20s , that 's embarrassing . 
  i 'm sorry you failed university but that 's no reason to project onto others so vehemently :( if you ca n't understand simple sentences perhaps remedial schooling is best . 
  i do n't know why anyone would leave germany when germany is more like all of europe put together in terms of diversity . 
  i mean you should see how many types of sausage we have , i mean in bavaria they eat wei\u00dfwurst for breakfast , but farther north they might have leberwurst instead , there 's just no way that two european countries , say norway and greece , can compete with that level of diversity !, 
  what if they castrated him as a child , but then as soon as he was legally able to do as he pleased he started taking hormone treatments , causing his voice to break . 
  i do n't think it happened but it could theoretically happen . 
  also i do n't think that sounds gross , voice actually has an interesting quality . 
  it 's actually because the market is controlled and taxed . 
  if instead of legalisation you had complete decriminalisation of dealing and possession , it would definitely cause prices to drop . 
  doubt it , i remember hearing aussies pay like 10 dollars for a pill . 
  in the uk at times it was 1 or 2 pounds each . 
  no we do n't , i only know that name from a scissor sisters song , the straightest of all music ... 
  absolutely ridiculous . 
  meth is very rare in the uk and ireland , i you sure you 're not confusing what is called speed in europe with meth . 
  ordinary speed is class b the same as weed and is n't seen as a big deal because it is n't unless you get addicted to it or give yourself psychosis . 
  i 'm sorry but ecstasy is meant to mean an mdma pill , that 's its true and original meaning , maybe with a bit of amphetamine thrown in for good luck , it 's not a word that means any old pill that gets you high even if shit quality pills have given it this reputation . 
   however , again the idea of having a society that just allows anyone to purchase drugs such as these is extremely worrying and reminds me of some of the post-apoclayptic or dystopian scfi fiction like the neuromancer that i 've read . 
  see why the fuck would you think that . 
  you 've been programmed to think that by culture . 
  these drugs are not soma they are just compounds . 
  if you were brought up in an alcohol free society you 'd feel the same about a society that permitted people to drink . 
  terrance mckenna had it completely right when he said that society defines itself through how it permits induced mental states . 
  in a greater sense how it permits enjoyment . 
  these chemically induced mental states are already part of culture , but legalising them would give them legitimacy , which scares the pants off conservative types . 
  i think , as has always been the case throughout history , the changes that come will blind side us , be revolutionary , and also be closer to home than imagined . 
  the problem is we often just extrapolate the progress from our current era and take it to extremes , when really it seems that often new technologies plateau to some degree after maybe 50 to 100 years whilst new lines of enquiry arise out to nowhere . 
  science fiction is a great tool for learning about history because it tells us how people perceive the future at certain points in time . 
  if we look at older science fiction we see a predominance of mechanical machines , because the era was more industrial and great advances in machinery were allowing us to build more and more complex tanks and planes and ships and such . 
  much of this advancement was pushed forward by the wars of the early 20th century . 
  now when we look back at these stories it seems almost comical how they imagined giant starfaring ships as being operated by gears and levers rather than by computers . 
  another example of how predicting the future is tricky is how some people in the 70s believed the written word would be dying out by now , since we 'd have the power to dictate and categorise everything vocally ( captain 's log stardate yada yada ) , books were to be replaced with audiobooks that could be interacted with using voice commands . 
  the irony being that with the advent of the internet we are now a far more literary culture than we were in the 20th century , many now preferring to read the news online than sit down in front of the six o'clock news . 
  furthermore , as i alluded to with the wars , technology is often pushed forward fastest by necessity . 
  for example if humanity is struck by a multitude of environment disasters in the coming century as many suspect , then i imagine there will be massive strides forward in technology relating to environmental management , whether that be the bioengineering of crops to adapt to new environments , flood plain management , or building structures to withstand earthquakes and so on . 
  the trouble is that without being able to predict the social , economic , and political climate of the future we 'll have no idea where these pressures on technology will be . 
  some things i 'll predict off the bat are : -, 
  computers being used to control things we currently do n't trust them to will be a big game changer . 
  i think the introduction of self driving vehicles will be necessary , certainly within the next 50 years . 
  this is because it will take a massive load off the cost of infrastructure as ever more vehicles flood our streets . 
  a computer controlled car will drive far more efficiently than a collective of humans ever could , and this will help alleviate traffic allowing less to be spent on more and more wider and more far reaching road systems . 
  i would wager that it will also have a massive influence on warfare , since the notion of a human piloted fighter jet will seem totally quaint . 
  however the obstacles to self driving motors are not to be underestimated , since it will negatively impact labour in a large way , there 's also the cost of the change over . 
  it 's only when the forces for outweigh the forces against that real change occurs , there 's a large divide between a technology being possible and a technology being ubiquitous . 
  i think there will be an ever decreasing need for human labour in a general sense . 
  some people see this as a huge danger however i do n't believe it will be , at least not for those of us who do n't live in the 3rd world . 
  the truth is that it has n't been necessary to utilise the entirety of the human race , or even the entire population of a developed nation , to keep the cogs of society running since a very long time ago . 
  this does generate massive challenges to our way of life however , since we depend on the concept that wealth must be earnt in order to keep our economies ticking over , to give money its perceived value and to allay social conflict . 
  in reality much of what happens in a developed economy exists only to serve itself . 
  people work in the service economies to earn money only to reinvest that money into the service economies , economies that truly produce nothing more than the alleged improvement in the quality of life of the people in those economies . 
  i do n't mean stuff like better medical care , i mean millions of human man hours invested in getting you to buy furniture , buy a different flavour of ice cream , or buy a greeting card . 
  i imagine that the automation of labour will only increase this phenomenon . 
  machines will do all the real work , a small elite of people with skills that can not be automated will control this labour , and then the rest of humanity ( at least those in productive nations ) , will be kept busy working in areas that purely exist to provide entertainment for themselves . 
  this could be either dystopian or utopian depending on it how it goes . 
  it could lead to a new renaissance allowing us to massively increase the education sector , allow more art to be produced , an economy that values creativity and knowledge to a greater degree since physical labour will become worthless , or it could lead to a dystopian society with increased social division between the educated useful people and the useless eaters who are perceived as no longer able to do anything meaningful within society . 
  i think augmented reality will have a massive impact on the function of society too . 
  this is a process that 's already happening with so many people having smart phones with mobile internet access . 
  if you 've ever navigated the streets with google maps or used a sat nav you 're already part of this change . 
  everyone knows that google glass was a crock of shit but maybe 20 years down the line the technology will be perfected and you 'll be able to see a high resolution overlay in what looks like nothing more than ordinary designer glasses . 
  the scary thing about that is how dependent we so readily become on these technologies . 
  i only got my first smart phone two years ago and i know now that if i went back to using a basic mobile phone again i 'd be lost . 
  if i had to live without a mobile phone of any sort i 'd be in pieces . 
  if i did n't have internet access at home i do n't have a clue how i 'd function too ( i once went a week without internet when i moved into a new place and it was unbearable ) . 
  with augmented reality there might come a time when we need only turn on our glasses and the a world of information will be all around us . 
  walking time and route to our destination , the nearest toilet , the purpose of the buildings around us , the times and routes of public transport , our bank balances and spending habits , available products that have been statistically chosen based on analysis of our spending behaviours . 
  it wo n't even be a matter of googling something any more , just directing your vision in the right direction . 
  latter 20th century sci-fi always imagined that the world would be full of holographic projections , but this is just another example of how we are misled by notion of technology du jour , we wo n't need holograms viewable by all in the public sphere when we can have tailored information projected directly onto our private field of vision . 
  people in the 70s however could n't imagine this , they just took what they knew , television ads , billboards , old fashioned 3d , and took it to the extreme thus holograms everywhere . 
  these things all seem quite reasonable within the next 50 years , more or less uncontroversially so , but like the people who thought humanity would become more and more mechanical merely on a wider and wider scale , and like those that though holograms would come before we could project images onto someone 's field of vision , all these predictions might be wiped away by some new discovery of which we 've yet to even dream . 
  that 's madness . 
  in a nightclub in the uk you might pay a fiver for one . 
  if you had a mate that sorted you out you might pay between a fiver and a tenner for three . 
  if you bought from a dealer you 'd pay 2 quid a pill , and if you bought in bulk you 'd pay a quid on . 
  what 's your point though ? 
  stimulant psychosis is a thing . 
  being in psychosis is a mental state people can be in . 
  or do you mean people who think psychosis is the state of being a psychopath ? 
  it 's nothing to do with the laws of physics . 
  a 1.2 litre engine car will still consume a fuck tonne of petrol if there 's a hole in the tank . 
  some people just do n't absorb nutrients as efficiently and/or have bodies that expend more energy even at rest than others . 
  if food were scarce these people would be at a disadvantage for being inefficient machines . 
  i 'm a pretty average sized guy but i have to eat an average amount of food , however i 've known guys that do nothing but smoke weed and play video games all day that throw 3000 calories a day down their necks and stay skinny to the point they want to gain weight but ca n't because they look like man children . 
  no it 's not bullshit . 
  it 's uncontroversially true that people absorb and burn food differently . 
  i 've lived in close quarters with such people . 
  i mean if it were bullshit why are there people that actively struggle to put on weight even when they want to be heavier . 
  are these people secretly dieting ? 
  the only bullshit is your ignorant attitude . 
  you 're so butthurt it 's cute . 
  apparently speaking like an adult is to have swallowed a thesaurus . 
  i must 've struck a nerve , were n't too bright at school were you ? 
  girlfriend break up with you to further her education ? 
  go suck a fat one you inbred illiterate pseudo class warrior . 
  to be fair cornish is probably a lot more similar to the english that was spoken all over england 300 years ago than rp is . 
  your pros at complete bullshit . 
  there is no doubt medical evidence of these pros . 
  stop making stuff up to try and justify what happened to you . 
  probably can be modded which is beautiful . 
  published by , it 's developed by a small team out of finland . 
  i can understand you being sceptical , but the reviews should allay any fears you have about quality . 
  people be dumb,
