  it 's the kind of fantasy that only someone not living here can maintain . 
   coloni ** z ** e space !, 
  you will be banished to the colonies forthwith, 
  and you 're butthurt over the licence fee being used to create educational programmes about astronauts ? 
  somehow i do n't believe you , i 'd wager you are neither rich nor happy . 
  i am the king of egg sandwiches because i am their rightful king , all such sandwiches owe me their allegiance and must pledge fealty to me and only me . 
  it is my birthright and my authority is derived directly from god almighty himself . 
  800 complaints can mean just about anything , i 'd be amazed if the migrants carrying out the harassment and assaults had time to attack 800 separate women . 
  also if you had n't realised sweden is completely different country , although i imagine right wing american conservatives are losing their shit over that far more than most swedes . 
  it 's agenda serving bollocks , there is n't enough paper in the world to write down everything that you do n't realise i 'm afraid . 
  there are problems , just as there are in any country in the world . 
  however , for the vast majority of people life is continuing on as normal . 
  funny how so many foreigners want to act like germany is close to civil war or societal collapse , when all that 's really changed is that there 's a few more things to grumble over in the morning papers . 
  where did i define german efficiency as forethought ? 
  no , you just jumped in on what was a completely apolitical point to tout your agenda . 
  furthermore , i love how you jump straight into blaming `` european immigration policy '' ( whatever that is , last time i checked europe consisted of many many countries each with their own policy ) rather than lack of adequate policing at one specific event at one specific point in time in one specific place . 
  yeah , in your mind it 's germany 's fault for letting in all the dirty barbaric `` musslims '' , right ? 
  your agenda is so unsubtly veiled it may as well be wearing glitter and a pink onesie . 
   also , thanks for the explanation that sweden is n't germany . 
  i was super unclear on that . 
  evidently , and you 're welcome . 
  it 's a joke right !, 
  good response . 
  not at all a clich\u00e9 . 
  seriously though , if you 're rich , why do you care about the licence fee ? 
  additionally , why would a programme that educates people about space travel be a waste . 
  surely you should be more worried about terrible bbc3 comedies that nobody watches , that would be an actual waste of your fee . 
  hardly touched a nerve there buddy . 
  i just think it 's weird how people feel the need to comment `` i ca n't do n't this guys voice '' , especially when they have a normal voice . 
  i could post `` i hate this guy 's voice '' under every article that contains an american newsreader , since i find the type of `` neutral '' accent american newsreaders use incredibly grating , but i do n't because 1 . 
  i realise nobody cares and 2 . 
  i 'm not a dick . 
  to me it 's like saying , i hate this guy 's face . 
  not really a fair or nice comment to make about someone when they 've not none anything to deserve it . 
  it 's just a big fuck you to someone , basically saying , i do n't care how good your content is , i already do n't like it because of some complete arbitrary judgement i 've made about your appearance / how you sound . 
  meh , i only usually think it 's a good idea when i 'm 8 beers and a few shots in , my body knows its the only way the party will go on much longer . 
  do n't talk shit . 
  i 've worked in a few restaurants and met a tonne of cokehead chefs . 
  these guys often work 12 hours a day 6 days a week . 
  they might only be getting paid # 12 an hour but that 's still like # 144 pounds a day before tax , and then they 'd get a share of the tips too . 
  it really was n't that infeasible for 3 of them to get together # 150 to share an 8 ball of coke . 
  which was pretty much their after work ritual at one place i worked , especially on weekends . 
  we 'd be winding down the kitchen for closing and they 'd be taking turns going to the bogs to get some energy for the post work drinking session . 
  we were kitchen porters on # 5 an hour though so our after work ritual was sitting the car park smoking a fatty in my mates knackered old peugeot 205 :(, 
  tldr ? 
  more like too foreign ca n't read ... 
  i do n't speak slovakian, 
  hey if it were german i could read it !, 
  it has its own vowel in most english accents , it 's not just americans . 
  fuck would rhyme with tuck and muck , book would rhyme with look and shook . 
  `` proper '' english has 12 vowels , however most have fewer . 
  most americans use the vowel from `` palm '' for `` caught '' and `` cot '' and only have 10 . 
  northerner english people merge `` put '' and `` putt '' so have 11 . 
  `` proper '' english also has 8 diphthongs , but relatively few dialects have all of them . 
  even many posh british types lose one of them . 
  it has a complete different vowel in most english accent , you 're the anomaly i 'm afraid . 
  yes well , you should have qualified your original statement to only apply to your region . 
  remember how much you get paid and the availability and cost of coke is not the same all over the world . 
  in the uk you can get passable coke for # 50 a gram , # 40 even for stuff that 's been cut by your dealer . 
  you would n't be able to find meth if your life depended on it though . 
  coke is definitely the workhorse of the british drugs market , weed is obviously more available , but coke is the next easiest to find and probably the biggest money spinner going . 
  take a pub with 100 people in it and i guarantee you that 3-4 at least will be taking coke , maybe more . 
  shit is fucking everywhere from the scummy council estates to the high class wine bars selling champagne for bankers . 
  the restaurant and bar industries are some of the worst offenders , because they 're service workers working long shifts and often drinking after they 've finished . 
  other drugs asides weed and coke would require considerably more effort to acquire , because they 're way more niche . 
  we thought human flight was impossible at one time too , quantum theory was laughable less than 100 years ago , funny how despite the entire history of science many have n't yet learnt to realise that virtually everything we hold to be scientific fact will probably be shown to be completely false by people in the future . 
  no , that does n't mean we should throw away what we 've learnt and no , that does n't mean that the observations we 've made in our era are completely incorrect . 
  but how we think things work based on our current observations will probably be show to be completely inaccurate by future observations , and theirs by further future observations still . 
  for example , it 's not that newton 's beliefs were wrong , it was merely that it was impossible for him to see the bigger picture . 
  it 's the arrogance of every generation to fall into believing that previous generations beliefs were false assumptions easily disproved by modern methods but that our generation 's beliefs have discovered `` the truth '' , whatever that might mean . 
  i say we call it george or georgian like uranus was meant to be fucking called in the first place . 
  wow , what a fucking stupid world we live in where these guys actually go to prison . 
  pretty much the only `` crime '' they committed from a moral standpoint, 
  i 'd like to see a proper experiment testing that belief . 
  in my experience , a heavy daily smoker could smoke almost any quantity of weed and still drive adequately while even the most hardened alcoholic could only drink so much before they were truly dangerously inhibited . 
  it would only be a matter of taking a heavy smoker , making them smoke a blunt the size of a carrot and testing their driving , then taking an alcoholic , having them down a litre of vodka and comparing the results . 
  alcoholics do develop a tolerance to the effects of alcohol , there 's no doubt of that . 
  however because of alcohol 's effect on the body , they 're still going to eventually end up as intoxicated as you or me after a sufficient quantity . 
  however , my experience as someone who was once a heavy smoker and who knows many heavy smokers , is that once someone has developed sufficient tolerance , it 's actually impossible for them to become intoxicated to the point of being unable to perform task like driving adequately . 
  i 'm not saying this to justify `` high driving '' , because obviously the law should n't be based around assuming everyone who is driving high is a hardened daily cannabis user . 
  you 've got to legislate around the worst possible scenario . 
  however , the effects of each substance are not the same . 
  taking a video game as an example , there are plenty of heavy cannabis users who smokes large amounts and then go on to successfully play games like dark souls , that require precision timing and fine input , while i 'd challenge literally anyone , alcoholic or not , to do so after drinking a litre of vodka . 
  my point is that the analogy only works up until a point , and from a moral standpoint i 'd be more forgiving towards a `` high driver '' than a drunk drivers for this reason . 
  personally , i 'd feel more anxious being driven by a sober elderly person than with a hardcore stoner who 'd recently smoke a joint . 
  i do n't know why you think i 'm looking at this incorrectly . 
  you 're right in most regards . 
  however , there is a philosophy of science called pragmatism and then there is scientific realism . 
  there are plenty of productive scientists who 've endorsed pragmatism , people who did n't believe that anything in science was necessarily `` true '' but still did `` get stuff done '' . 
  science really is n't anything to do with truth , they are separate matters , although many people ca n't get their head around this notion are rely on the truth crutch to justify doing science . 
  doubt is not unhealthy , a scientist need only trust that his peers who established every scientific `` fact '' were trying to be truthful when they made their conclusions , that they were n't being deceptive , he need n't believe that every single `` fact '' is true . 
  obviously if you had to go back and test every proven scientific hypothesis because you thought your peer were lying then you 'd never get around to doing any modern science , but that 's not the kind of doubt i 'm talking about . 
  you 're simply wrong in thinking that `` you ca n't go through life or science doubting every single ` fact ' in the field '' , in fact many of the world 's greatest thinkers have done exactly that , and that 's why many were able to completely paradigm shift the fields they were working in . 
  all too often people have an attitude of pragmatism for what went before but realism for what we believe now , and that 's the arrogance of every generation . 
  fallacy fallacy , when you think spouting off about fallacies wins arguments . 
  i was n't asserting driving and playing a game were identical, 
  they are obviously not apples and oranges , they are both tasks that require fine motor skills , sensory feedback , etc. 
  there is an obvious analogy to be drawn despite it not being identical , otherwise we would n't test pilots in simulators would we or have a simulator component to driving tests in many countries . 
  i believe that none of those effects you highlighted occur in heavy users at the kind of doses achievable by smoking cannabis plant or resin . 
  i never suggested anyone drive under the influence , i was just arguing that driving drunk as an alcoholic impairs your driving worse than high driving as a heavy cannabis user .
