  also remember that the median ppp adjusted income figure does n't actually tell us about wealth equality in the us . 
  what it does tell is that is that it 's not a tiny minority of super rich who are throwing the figure out as could happen with the mean figure . 
  say we have 100 people in our economy . 
  we line them up according to their wealth , if 10 have $ 10,000 and 90 have $ 1 , the mean avg . 
  will be $ 1,000.9 , and this would be the gdp per capita , however the median avg . 
  ( the wealth of the person standing in the middle ) would still be $ 1 . 
  now imagine we have 100 people , 40 of whom earn $ 1 , 20 of whom earn $ 500 dollars , and 40 of whom earn $ 2,000 dollars . 
  in this case the mean avg . 
  would be 900 $ , however the median avg . 
  would be $ 500 . 
  essentially , the median does tell us something about the distribution of wealth in the us , it tells us that it 's not just a tiny group skewing the figures , however it tells us nothing about the polarity of the distribution in america , how high or low it is either side of the middle person . 
  the fact that america has a high median ppp adjusted income per capita essentially tells us that there are lots of wealthy people in america . 
  it 's not just a group of billionaires ( although we all know that america has these as well which is why the mean is even higher than the median ) , but rather a very large number of ordinary millionaires and well off people . 
  in fact , we all know that the wealth polarity in america is vast , and this is one of the reasons why the cost of goods and services does n't rise , because there is that 40 % working for pittance available to do all the low skill jobs . 
  american companies , from a labour market perspective , only have to pay the high skilled workers good wages , and generally these people are worth paying well because they make you money , their wages reflect their market value . 
  on the other hand , they are rarely forced to pay people more when they could get away with paying them less . 
  so they can keep manufacturing good for a cheap price keeping the cost low despite the massive wealth in the country . 
  one thing i have n't address is the international side of things . 
  we 've already seen why retailers ca n't collectively raise prices ( low cost of good to the retailers and competition ) , and we can see why it does n't cost american manufacturers lots to produce goods/services while the median income is so high ( because of wealth polarity meaning cheap labour ) , but what this does n't tell is why china , for example , given how rich the us is , does n't simply start charging the americans more for their imports knowing they can afford it . 
  the reason why the ca n't is because of the reciprocal relationship between the economies , china has stuff that america wants , but america has stuff that china wants , so if china starts squeezing the us for money , then the us will raise the prices china pays in return , so it 's lose-lose for them to start doing this . 
  this is the other major factor in the ppp of your country , your import to export ratio , and this is why the us and germany have better buying power than britain . 
  ultimately what you 're saying only makes sense if there was a universal rise in wealth . 
  if everyone got 10 % richer then the price of everything would probably rise 10 % . 
  the reasons why it does n't work like this , are the cheap cost of internal labour ( wealth polarity ) , the cheap cost of imports ( reciprocal economies ) and healthy competition . 
  edit :, 
   you do n't have to spend it on private social security or medical insurance , and thus have more expenable money ? 
  tax is already figured into the equation , government services are figured in just like private services . 
  so british people are treated as if they were paying for private insurance by looking at what they collectively pay for the nhs and what the nhs provides in return . 
  to put it simply , if you want good ppp , be a strong net exporter , remove the minimum wage , keep benefits minimal and crush unions to keep low skill labour cheap , keep the competition between companies strong by minimising regulation , keeping the market free as possible , and privatise everything . 
  whatever you nominal wealth , this will give you a better ratio of wealth to the cost of goods i.e better ppp . 
  if you notice , this is exactly what the tories would like to do in the uk because they only put economics first . 
  that 's pretty much it . 
  if you 're one of the educated americans with valuable market skills life is good . 
  if you 're earning $ 100,000 a year then not only are you earning a good salary by anyone 's standards , but you 're living in a country where your money goes very far . 
  this is why americans can afford the excessive lifestyle we associate with them . 
  when you 're wealthy in the us you can afford a bigger house , more food , you can eat out at restaurants more frequently , you can have two cars on the drive and one in the garage just for weekends . 
  america is best in the world for this . 
  even though germany actually has better ppp , the median income is n't as high , so you still end up being able to buy more stuff with a similar job in america because you 'll be earning more money ( assuming you 're on the right side of the median ) . 
  as for countries like switzerland , norway and luxembourg , these are kind of anomalies . 
  most of these countries actually have relatively poor ppp , goods and services often cost two or three times what they cost in the us . 
  it just happens that these countries are so absurdly rich for other reasons that ppp can not keep up with their gdp , not while they 're surrounded by poorer nations selling things at normal prices . 
  for example nominally the gdp of switzerland is 82k and the us is 55k , however when we account for ppp switzerland goes down to just 58k while the us is obviously still at 55k . 
  the question is , is it ethical for you to be enjoying this lifestyle whilst the family on the other side of town is dirt poor , living paycheck to paycheck with no sick pay , holiday pay , healthcare or job security . 
  and the thing is that you ca n't have both . 
  if you start introducing regulation that benefits the poorer classes then businesses will have to start raising prices . 
  the things america produces will become more expensive , this wo n't just affect how much it costs americans to buy american goods and services , but will also increase the price at which the chinese buy american goods and services , which will mean chinese goods and services will in return become more expensive to americans . 
  this will obviously reduce the dollar 's purchasing power meaning the wealthy are taking a hit so the poor family can have better quality of life . 
  this ethical conundrum is pretty much at the heart of modern politics , really it just comes down to economy vs ethics . 
  what really call right wing these days just means economy and what we call left wing really just means ethics . 
  obviously it 's not quite that simple , left wing parties still care about economics , there are other things that affect the economy other than these , but this is the real core of it . 
  the thing about the wages in germany , is that while wages depend towards being a little less when compared at the exchange rate , for the most cost of goods and services here is ridiculously cheap , i mean cheaper than anywhere in england not just london . 
  food , rent , utilities , restaurants , alcohol , entertainment are all much cheaper . 
  when you compare what the average german earns with what the average german pays for stuff , it 's no surprise why they 're considered the number 1 economy in europe . 
  where do you go out !? 
  i would say those estimates are bit conservative if anything . 
  london club night imo you 're look at like at least # 70 !, 
  # 20 taxi , # 10 entry fee , x8 drinks at # 40 . 
  in germany you 'd probably spend # 4 on 24 hour public transport , # 5 on entry , and x8 drinks at # 20 !, 
  it 's very hard to go out in germany and spend over # 30 if you 're sensible , while in london i 've barely had a night out that did n't cost me # 50 and that 's getting the tube home !, 
  fair enough . 
  you 'll find you can enjoy that luxury in germany since it only costs like 3 euros for 500ml of good beer . 
  shut up, 
  well their gdp per capita is 76k dollars . 
  guess that 's what happens when your country is 50 % oil and your society is a socialist utopia . 
  tfw you realise the american lotto goes up to 69 :o, 
  do you still get a laugh out of `` hello mother , hello father '' ? 
  i love that hundreds of years of ideological and cultural struggle has been reduced to this . 
  bonus points for accurate usage of the word dank, 
  that tells us little more than being british is no longer cool :(, 
  largest `` self-reported '' ethnicity in the usa i.e. 
  the coolest . 
  i believe that gives us a rightful claim to saxony , do n't you think ? 
  nevermind . 
  [ glorious american neurotic jewish kultur ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9jjiws__mp0 ), 
  i thought it was a documentary ... 
  what a waste of um bongo :(, 
  none of which are anywhere near britain ... 
  london is full of tax dodging frenchies, 
  stop mangling our language . 
  our language = our spelling is correct . 
  wtf is porrrrrrrrrrrrrrrm ? 
  what you think is spelt cheeky bahstahrd is actually spelt cheeky bastard . 
  what 's you 're saying with your accent is `` cheeky baesturrrrrrrrd '', 
  since when have squat teams been busting grannies for weed and piracy . 
  afaik it 's the us that has militarised squat teams and no knock search warrants for petty shit . 
  especially given that the eu spends over 30 billion euros a year on r&d , almost as much as the us . 
  lol , americans will tell themselves anything to convince themselves europe is like the third world and not a far nicer place to live . 
  the only paid toilet i know in the uk is in marylebone station . 
  in germany paid toilets are still quite rare , they 're usually just in train stations , toilet attendants are more common , but still the vast majority of toilets outside of tourist areas are free . 
  i 've never even seen a toilet that did n't provide toilet paper in europe . 
  damn police , what a bunch of slavdrivers ... ^ ^ i 'll ^ ^ show ^ ^ myself ^ ^ out, 
  everyone knows the irish are n't really foreigners though . 
  they 're just like the welsh but with their own government . 
  `` wir kinder vom bahnhof zoo '' , english title : christiane f . that film is an emotional rollercoaster . 
  german film based on real life events about a 14 year old girl in west berlin in the mid 70s who get into heroin . 
  actually features david bowie rip . 
  it 's actually available to watch on youtube . 
  if anything post-1066 we were a french colony , or at least an occupied territory , where were the saxons coming to defend their colony then ay ? 
  another , equally tragic way of looking at is that we 're a colony of braunschweig of all places , at least since the saxe-coburgs took over . 
  given the porn that 's out there for voyeurs i think at least some people would want to .
