  it 's always only the state that prosecutes criminal cases ( although there might be some weird exceptions in muslim countries or places with their own national law , would n't have a clue ) . 
  there 's no plantiff in criminal courts . 
  typically common law civil ( non-criminal ) courts are more adversarial than courts in countries that practise civil law . 
  however usually they 're not as adversarial as criminal courts in common law countries . 
  in a non-criminal matter what you 're usually trying to do is prove facts about the business your plantiff had with the defendant and vice versa . 
  the just is trying to ascertain exactly what happened and what laws apply to the matter . 
  this naturally leads itself to the judge taking a more active role in trying to figure out what 's happened , while in a criminal case the judge tends to keep stumm more often and allow the lawyers to do their thing . 
  remember the judge in the criminal court is just there to oversee and advise , if he interferes too much he could be seen as biasing the decision , whereas in non-criminal matters the judge is making the decision and will therefore need to ask questions . 
  you 'll almost never have a situation where a plaintiff and defendant are trying to discredit each other in civil court . 
  in criminal court it 's more about the the lawyer for the defence , rather than the defendant himself , or the prosecution trying to cast doubt on whatever version of events the opposing party is claiming . 
  it 's still not a matter of individuals trying to discredit each other . 
  if judge judy reminds me of anything then it 's something called small claims court , which is the lowest level of civil ( non-criminal ) court where people go to fight over smaller amounts of money . 
  the us does n't have these at a federal level like the uk but it has them at a state level . 
  often in these courts people wo n't have lawyers because it 's not worth it over the amounts of money they 're dealing with , so it can be a bit judge judy-esque . 
  in most of the world an asian is someone from asia . 
  in america an asian is someone who probably knows kung fu and is good at maths . 
  i guess being an idiot is universal . 
  i do n't love the uk government either . 
  but if you 're one of those `` we 're on a slippery slope to 1984 '' crowd then you 're a complete mug , end of . 
  also , from what i hear australia is no better , what with all the censorship and other nonsense that goes on there . 
  eastern russians yes , many of them look extremely mongolian . 
  that said it 's not a problem that comes up often . 
  what russians the uk does have most of them come from the european side or thereabout . 
  it 's not at all really . 
  it just seem that way to you because you 're not used it . 
  americans appropriated the term americans by referring to themselves that way , however east asian people never did the same with the term asian . 
  it 's merely you who is defining asian in that way , and therefore it seems unspecific to you because of what you 're used to . 
  if i want to be more specific i 'll just say east asian , south asian , or middle eastern , but to me and many people in the world they 're all asian . 
  if you want to get technical executives decides which laws should be considered by the legislature ( and occasionally enforce secondary legislation ) . 
  legislatures decide whether those laws pass or not . 
  governments are not executives in the slightest . 
  that is completely wrong . 
  governments are the sum total of the executive , the legislature , and all the civil servants who work for them . 
  but let 's not be pedantic shall we ? 
  i think all , and i literally mean all , superhero films are just terrible . 
  the dark knight was bad , the superman films were bad , all the spiderman films were bad , avengers was so terrible i fell asleep watching it . 
  these are not real films with good storytelling , they 're just shit . 
  comics make shit films . 
  stop making them . 
  smoke more weed . 
  still , if russia invades poland it 's nukes all round ultimately making these war games pointless . 
  but he has sex with a woman ? 
  wow some of you americans are fucking retarded . 
  if russia became a us territory they 'd be occupying an irradiated crater and mourning the millions of dead back home . 
  great , except half the major cities in the west are irradiated craters , some victory . 
  half the countries in europe could , we just do n't because we 're not dicks . 
  we 're just waiting to remilitarise the europe under the eu and kick your arses with our superior gdp and production . 
  to best honest , i do n't think your interpretation of the eu integration is very accurate in regards to this case . 
  there are plenty of common law countries outside the eu where legislation dictates paid holiday over and above contract law . 
  also the uk did this before any eu directives became legally binding on the uk . 
  the us in fact is the odd one out of having no statutory law that dictates mandatory paid holiday . 
  one thing is for sure , the uk 's current rules regarding paid holiday are very little to do with the eu . 
  i know enough about employment law to know that mandatory paid holiday that can not be avoided through a contractual exception in the uk far pre-dates any eu influence . 
  i have no idea whether what you said about civil law having codified legal definitions means that contracts can be shorter is true , since i know almost nothing about contract law in civil law countries , for this i 'm willing to give you the benefit of the doubt . 
  however , but i find your interpretation and choice of examples to be nothing more than political posturing , indicative of your veiled political beliefs . 
  a cheap attempt to suggest that common law is practised more legitimately in the us , and that french civil law somehow is less supportive of a free society than us law . 
  to put it earnestly , you example regarding employment law is bullshit as fuck , everything you said was fine until you brought in holiday pay was fine but now i think you have an agenda . 
  when you say ... 
   but also the implementation of european directives which are increasingly codifying the law, 
  please tell me how they 're codifying the law any more that legislature from parliament or the legislature that comes out of the us government ? 
  everyone knows that the law in common law countries is becoming increasingly codified due the the increase in legislation in the last few decades . 
  it 's agenda pushing , and nothing else , keep your politics out of this . 
  a country can give 20 % of it 's gdp to the military if it wants to , it just does n't because it 's not full of dicks . 
  it just sits back in bewilderment as the us populace allows its government to put so much of its gdp into the military while it still has such large social issues and poverty at home . 
  regardless , `` ah the uk , slowly making v for vendetta a reality '' is just a stupid sentiment . 
  it 's a slippery slope argument which is just bullshit . 
  i do n't agree with that the government has done , but the idea that the uk is heading for a totalitarian government , such as the one portrayed in that film , is just childish and stupid . 
  making laws could mean all manner of things . 
  who makes the could the prime minister or it could be backbench mp . 
  `` make '' in what sense . 
  parliament votes whether to pass acts of parliament . 
  the government can be used to refer to the current cabinet , the cabinet and all it 's departments , or the cabinet , the legislature , and all the government departments . 
  it can also be used to refer to the current political party holding power . 
  in common parlance it 's used in all these senses , which is why you 're being pedantic . 
  for our purposes here i 'm not interested in the mechanisms of law making from either the executive or legislature , just differentiating them from judicial law . 
  but there are tonnes of redditors , particularly right wing americans , who truly believe that the uk is an authoritarian state . 
  it 's just a sentiment i 'm sick of hearing . 
  that 's all . 
  to be fair . 
  i was n't disagreeing with you about civil law contracts . 
  like i said i know nothing about civil law contracts , but it seems logical that a fully codified law would that contracts could rely more on existing definitions that are already outlined in the codes . 
  what i was saying thought is that paid holiday time is a bad example , and that your suggestion that statutory paid holiday is not a `` common law '' type of thing is just wrong . 
  whether the government decides it wants to implement mandatory paid holiday is far more a political matter than one that relates to the nature of common law or civil law . 
  there are , or at least were , civil law countries without mandatory paid holiday laws . 
  also the majority of common law countries do in fact mandate statutory paid holiday . 
  for example , australia , fair work act 2009 , new zealand , holidays act 2003 , canada , employment standards act 2000 . 
  all of these doing so of their own volition and nothing to do with the eu . 
  it just seems so inappropriate and politically loaded to use that example . 
  when and what the governments in common law countries see fit to be effected through statutory law really has no bearing on the overall character of common law . 
  you say british law is being increasingly codified by eu directives , again this seems politically loaded , i 'd say that it 's just a drop in the lake compared to the increasing quantity of statutory law and executive orders that have come out of parliament and the cabinet in the past 50 years . 
  again , i 'm not disagreeing with the notion that common law is moving closer to civil law in many regards , i 've already outlined my beliefs about that elsewhere in the thread , but jumping straight to the eu seems like it has some kind of agenda . 
  if you 're really not trying to push some agenda then i apologise , but your choice of holiday law as example of something that is inherently anti common law seems to me to be highly politicised . 
  edit : i 'll also add that i 'm leery of statements like :, 
   in the us and historically in the uk the political ideology is one of a `` free society '' with strong individual rights tempered by judges when things go wrong , whereas in france the ideology of `` libert\u00e9 , egalit\u00e9 , fraternit\u00e9 '' is one where the legislator has no qualms in constraining freedom to make room for these other considerations . 
  language like `` constraining freedom '' seems politically loaded , especially when the french ideology you 've just described starts with the french word for freedom . 
  in reality it has nothing to do with french law makers being comfortable `` constraining freedom '' , but perhaps with a different conception of freedom from that of the us/uk . 
  why would we do that when our system has been proved to work ? 
  the monarchy is a good tradition that british people enjoy , it helps us keep ties with commonwealth countries and she plays a diplomatic role . 
  she also helps us maintain the traditions and history of the past while having no actual power . 
  furthermore , i have no problem with the british nobility .
