  how fun !, 
  that 's transformers ' music ? 
  who 'd have thunk it !, 
  this is difficult to answer . 
  i think it comes down to two things , culture and the weather . 
  better weather often means more tans and attractive people with less clothes and this automatically makes women seem more attractive . 
  but even in places like berlin that are n't warmer seem better , and i put this down to culture . 
  people dress better and women use make up better there certainly . 
  in berlin ironically the ugly people often look english , because they mimic english/american fashion wearing crap like tracksuits , caps with flat peaks and fake burberry . 
  most people understand it 's not good to be plastered with brands , dress according to your body shape and attempt a more natural make up style there . 
  i think the number of scummy people who do n't get this really brings down the average , you 'll always see overweight girls plastered with make up wearing revealing missfitting clothes on a friday night here . 
  it does n't mean that people in these countries are any better mind you , just that dressing like an overgrown child with a fetish for sportswear is more taboo there . 
  i did the same , feeling like a right numpty now, 
  they 're in the copa , not the euro 2016 naturally . 
  edit : they 're in neither :(, 
  continental football tournaments ? 
  not militaristic expansion though !, 
  why did you watch the world cup then ? 
  auf at 6am , for a 5km swim in the freezing lake or a cross mountain jog , a hearty breakfast of w\u00fcrst and sauerkraut followed by twelve hours of work followed by more beer right ? 
  my bad , they have been in the past though . 
  but germany is n't just the land and soil , it 's also the people who live there . 
  being german is a nationality , saying `` germans are ... '' also includes germans who live in america or brazil or whatever . 
  `` germans are '' is more like `` german people are '' , `` germany are '' is more akin to `` the people of germany are '' , this includes all the people of germany , not just the ones who specifically identify as german . 
  people resent those who they owe money to , big shocker haha !, 
  i think what 's not been mentioned here is a few things i ) influential jews were often bohemian , they were intellectual and artistic but not conservative or conformative , thus they did n't fit in with hitler 's ideal paradigm of everyone either being either the ayran intellectual elite or the hardworking ayran peasant . 
  wagner who hitler idealised wrote on how jews were tainting classical music by pulling it away from noble virtues towards baser ideals . 
  ii ) influential jews were often internationalists , with diaspora spread all over the world , connections all over europe and in russia , this conflicted with nationalism since it could be thought jews cared more about fellow jews in other nations than the gentiles of the country in which they lived . 
  iii ) jews were characterised as being influential in international finance , their loyalty being to capitalism rather than nationality , thus they were seen as not being loyal to any one state despite this characterisation not being true of the average jew but only a select few . 
  in these senses hitler hated judaism for the same reason he hated freemasonry , it was an international network of influence that he could n't control or include in his idealised german state . 
  sometimes people paint the situation as jews just being chosen because they were available , but in fact there was no doubt powerful and influential jews existed at the time and hitler did n't want that threatening his idea of a perfect germanic state . 
  that 's a british house , i bet your neighbours love you !, 
  americanise when america is german speaking makes zero sense . 
  both of these can be reasonably true to be honest . 
  plenty of americans claim to be irish-american but ask them about the history of ireland between 1600-1900 or what sinn f\u00e9in is and they 'll look at you with a blank stare . 
  it is possible to be both nationalistic about your current nation and a fake supporter of the country of your lineage lacking knowledge in basic things about that nation . 
  many so called irish-americans knowledge of ireland goes no further than guiness , drunkness and leprechauns . 
  the fact you are getting upvotes for what are two obviously non-contradictory beliefs is proof enough of how nationalistic you guys are to be honest , i 'm not saying all americans are like this but seriously . 
  ( oh look i 'm getting downvotes from people too nationalistic to understand that you can be both a plastic paddy and an overly nationalistic american . ), 
  i think it 's a good thing that people are recognising that we 've moved past ww2 . 
  the falklands however is still politically relevant since there was argentinians using the world cup to try and drag up the same tired old drama . 
  the truth is most germans are quite fond of britons these days feeling no connection to the conflicts of the past , whilst the argentinians still hate our fucking guts for challenging them on a world stage . 
  mixing weed and alcohol in extremes is probably the ideal way to vom tbh, 
  anyone see the scary looking face of light rather than the other shit ? 
  that 's one evil looking face !, 
  clan kerr will have ya !, 
  ( you 're our ancient enemies fyi ), 
  ah the border clans , our history is rich with murder and treachery , we were the true watchers on the wall . 
  that 's why you were the kings of all england and scotland ? 
  why are the north western states so much bigger than the one 's on the east coast ? 
  i agree with everything you say , not everyone is falsely proud of their heritage , and not every american is ignorant of world affairs . 
  i just think the idea that it 's somehow contradictory , that it 's impossible for some americans to be blindly nationalistic and simultaneously offensively proud of their imagined heritage in a false and disrespectful way is absurd . 
  the fact that so many people are upvoting the idea is just a sign of ignorance . 
  how is this comic funny ? 
  i mean i do n't disagree with it but it 's not smart in anyway , you might as well write down `` homophobes are cowards '' it would be the same . 
  he 's mocking her for being like `` look at my boobies ... look at them ! '', 
  yours say best substitution, 
  you are truly a butthurt frog lover i 'm afraid, 
  i was about to correct their spelling error but it seems `` pitta '' is another word spelt differently in the us of a :(, 
  why are you approaching this like a 17 year old in a high school film ? 
  in a city with 8 million people everyone is different ? 
  it 's not remotely the same . 
  reddit aggregates popular content , london is a massively diverse city full of people . 
  the most popular things in the uk are n't hidden you could read about them anywhere , but that 's no reason to think anyone you will come into contact with will like them . 
  people do n't all do the same things in london , one might spend friday night in a mosque the other in a field out of their mind on acid , what exactly are you looking for ? 
  do n't know why everyone is talking down the film . 
  film was good imo . 
  obviously better to see the musical but still , classic songs , some funky scenes , what else do you need in a film . 
  ( clotted cream eating ) ( fruity pirates ) or ( clotted cream ) eating ( fruity pirates ) out, 
  those women have the weirdest accents , some american women have the weirdest squeakiest voices , they almost sound like cartoon characters . 
  wow downvotes for noting something completely obvious about these particular women , just listen to the one who does the most talking , the pitch of her voice goes up and down more than i thought was humanly possible . 
  those are some crazy looking wasps , we do n't have evil looking bastards like that here !, 
  [ confirmed by the guardian ] ( http://www.theguardian.com/world/2014/jul/17/malaysia-airlines-plane-crash-east-ukraine ), 
  i do n't think that 's what anyone is suggesting . 
  it could easily lead to nato troops on the ground in the ukraine though , which would result in a massive russian troop build up at the border and a rather tense situation between nato and russian forces . 
  of course nobody is going to declare war on russia over this but it could lead to a difficult situation . 
  edit : uk russian ambassador says no since russia will veto it . 
  still will be interesting to see what does happen . 
  i wrote a [ god damn essay on how awesome old wow was ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/27a1y2/what_video_game_have_you_spent_the_most_hours/chzk4lj?context=3 ) those were the days :(, 
  i loved tbc had the best times in wow there . 
  but i have to say the introduction of flying mounts at all was a mistake . 
  it really made everything smaller , even though tbc was massively scaled compared to vanilla once we got on those mount it felt trivial . 
  the whole game was based on the social element , and over the years blizzard as removed each part one by one until it feels like a solo game where you ignore each other unless you 're spamming shit . 
  nothing beats riding to karazhan from duskwood ready to raid . 
  playing panda i feel like an all conquering god given everything on a plate without effort :(, 
  totally worth it !, 
  i climbed blackrock spire , explored hyjal , went to that weird place half finished place in stonealon mountains , never was banned , [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tsfpfqc_fme ) is for you friend . 
  that joke does n't even work in my accent . 
  seven et nine ? 
  err london ? 
  that is the traditional pronunciation after all . 
  the only thing that is annoying is people burning the ground . 
  bring a large tile or a couple of bricks to rest your crappy disposable barbeque on top and it 's not a problem . 
  cool story bro, 
  i think you fancy yourself quite the moron . 
  clearly it 's not wrong it 's just different . 
  if i thought like you and considered every damn regional pronunciation that deviated from my standard ( the queen 's english ) as incorrect then having a conversation would be impossible what with your skedules , paytriotism , mischee-vee-ousness , temporairilys and so on . 
  if your definition of smart is strongly puritanical then yes !, 
  also if that is your definition of smart you must have some pretty cool scientists !, 
  ( oh look downvotes , because it 's only funny when an american denigrates another country right guys ? ), 
  no , why do n't you learn to [ schwa ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/schwa ),
