  oh come on , you 're writing and speaking english as you do and claiming not to be unusually influenced by us culture for the world 's average . 
  i 'll tell you for a fact she is not `` known '' anywhere in the world that i 've lived , and if she is known it 's like `` is n't that some deaf american woman '' , it 's hardly `` common knowledge '' , and that 's in the uk where we all speak english anyway . 
  we do n't learn about her in school , we do n't hear about her on tv , in fact the only time i 've seen her referenced was in american television . 
  outside the anglosphere she 's a non-entity for the most part . 
  fair enough , all i 'm saying is that my experience living in the uk and germany is that who she is is n't common knowledge . 
  sure educated people will have heard of her and might actually know a bit about her . 
  ultimately what it comes down to is that i think it would be wrong to judge someone stupid for not knowing who helen keller is anymore than it might before judging someone for not knowing who benjamin disraeli is . 
  a national icon may only be a minor historical figure globally . 
  where i 've lived she feels exactly like that , a minor historical figure that people may or not be aware of , judging someone stupid for not knowing that is wrong . 
  plus , i think that fact that my comment stating that helen keller is n't particularly well known outside the us got upvoted is proof enough that many people agree with this assessment . 
  edit : i 've seen her referenced in us popular culture , for example , family guy , and in books and music . 
  i want to unsubscribe from space facts ... 
  i think the problem with the protest like those against the iraq war is simply that they do n't get many people on side , and immediately get tarnished by association with fringe opinions . 
  however , if people took positive political action within the system , challenging the government at different levels of authority in an organised fashion , and showing a general unwillingness to make brexit happen , it might make the government think twice . 
  even in 2014 is was $ 1.70 to the #, 
  yeah but that 's just a scam . 
  4 years ago the pound was at about $ 1.50-1 .60 , 84p bought a euro . 
  now however # 1 = $ 1 is n't even that much of a rip off , it 's like 10 % worse than the actual rate . 
  ah that sucks . 
  i get paid in euros so in a way it 's good , however i 'm watching my uk savings dwindle significantly . 
  yes and no . 
  it 's still very much in the eu 's interest for britain to remain , as it sends a strong message that leaving the eu is a really bad idea . 
  economically business on both sides of the channel would be agreeable to it . 
  that said , the uk 's position is compromised , so i 'd say if there were to be a general election and a u-turn on the position , we 'd end up staying in the eu in all but name , with a significantly reduced place at the table of eu political affairs . 
   would the eu want to continue with a member who treats the eu as a liability rather than as a full member ? 
  because this is politics , it 's not about personal feeling . 
  plenty of other members of the eu are highly problematic , for example greece is highly problematic , but it 's still preferable to keep them in the union . 
  actually i think the french and germans would love to have the power to bring the uk into tow within the eu and renegotiate britain 's membership without exceptions being made . 
  i realise there is negative sentiment on the mainland , but ultimately , it 's all politics , and in politics what works is generally what is expedient over what is principled . 
  ultimately the biggest barrier to averting is brexit is the opinion of british voters , and not the eu itself . 
  but there is n't particularly strong resentment towards the uk in the eu imo , so those citizens are pretty indifferent to the uk 's status . 
  opinions mostly range from `` let them go if they want to go '' to `` is n't british politics gone down hill '' to `` good on you for doing it '' . 
  there 's simply no particular desire for the uk to leave , but at the same time there 's not much resentment , everyone knows things would be simpler were this not to happen , and the uk is n't perceived as any enemy in the same way many brexiteers perceive the eu as `` the enemy '' . 
  my experience has been the complete opposite in germany . 
  people are merely annoyed by the economic ramifications which would disappear should the uk not brexit or soft brexit . 
  the eu is n't exactly something get all patriotic and personal about , even here in what is arguably its heart . 
   i have very little british ancestry, 
   the first printing of the declaration of independence was in german, 
  do you mean that there was a bill to discuss the possibility of translating the declaration of independence into german which failed to pass ? 
  because that 's what actually happened . 
  you 're clearly quite angry about being wrong . 
  adam smith wrote `` the wealth of nations '' , which practically defined modern economics . 
  he had huge impact on the formation of the us and the policies of the british empire . 
  as you do n't know who such a major historical figure is , it 's pretty clear the only reason you know who helen keller is is because you sit around absorbing american culture all day . 
  anyway i 'm done with your bullshit . 
  it remains a fact that she is at best a very minor historical figure in much of the world , i 'll quote you what i told the last guy . 
   all i 'm saying is that my experience living in the uk and germany is that who she is is n't common knowledge . 
  sure educated people will have heard of her and might actually know a bit about her . 
   ultimately what it comes down to is that i think it would be wrong to judge someone stupid for not knowing who helen keller is anymore than it might before judging someone for not knowing who benjamin disraeli is . 
   a national icon may only be a minor historical figure globally . 
  where i 've lived she feels exactly like that , a minor historical figure that people may or not be aware of , judging someone stupid for not knowing that is wrong . 
   plus , i think that fact that my comment stating that helen keller is n't particularly well known outside the us got upvoted is proof enough that many people agree with this assessment . 
  you 're arguing about bullshit , it 's quite hilarious , i do n't look `` pig headed '' , but you look hysterical . 
  look , i do n't know what people in your community know about , i only said that your claim was either bullshit , or your country has an unusual degree of knowledge about the us , probably because you 're more exposed to their culture than the average . 
  whether anyone considers this to be `` overly '' is entirely a matter of opinion that is completely irrelevant to the actual issue . 
  i 'll give you the benefit of the doubt , wherever it is you live is unusual due to its being outside the us and helen keller being a piece of common knowledge there . 
  however , this is just some tangent . 
  it 's quite apparent that helen keller is n't well known globally , even she is common knowledge you your area . 
  therefore it is wrong to judge someone not from the us ( or your anomalous area and others like it ) to be stupid , for not knowing about her , which is ultimately all i want to say . 
  they 're selling you a dream , a solution to all your weight control problems , just buy their branded products in the supermarket and you 'll lose weight !, 
  it 's true i swear it !, 
  the thing is , technically they are n't lying , if you follow the weight watcher plan , and eat their products , you will lose weight . 
  but only because you 'll be consuming fewer calories than before . 
  that 's why legally they are beyond repute . 
  but let 's face it , most people are n't honest with themselves , they 'll skip over notions like serving size , they wo n't be able to resist eating more , but because they ate `` weight watchers '' they 'll be more likely to convince themselves it 's all ok , and go buy another packet the next time they go shopping . 
  in the end they 'll buy more units of our product than a regular brand , at a hiked price because our brand makes them feel less guilty about it . 
  we can just sell them exactly the same crap as anyone else , hell , we can water it down to reduce the calorie figure , and then we can disguise the real nutritional value with serving recommendations . 
  truth is there 's more profit in fat people `` trying '' to lose weight than there is in fat people losing weight , the longer we can feed their dreams , and sell them an idea , the more money we 'll make . 
  the beauty of it is that 's it 's ultimate their own self denial that 'll make them fail , so we 're in the clear !, 
  well good for you in wherever you may be . 
  have fun there . 
  it used to be considered dangerous to do so for the very same reason the uk still has a lot of separate hot and cold taps . 
  cold water came directly from the mains underground whereas hot water could sit at 40-60 degrees for a long time in a heater . 
  it was also more prone to contamination , since an old water heater was liable to suffer from wear and tear , eventually allowing outside bacteria or even things like dead rodents ( in the years before proper health and safety dying due to a contaminated water heater was actually a thing ) . 
  these days the vast vast majority of houses across the uk have either gas boilers or electric water heaters , both of these take water directly from the mains and heat it very quickly , with no real danger of contamination , so hot tap water is safe to drink . 
  however , it 's something that persists in the minds of many , and it unwittingly passed on to younger people through simple imitation . 
  i remember my grandparents telling me off for trying to fill a kettle with hot water as a child because i thought it would boil quicker . 
  i want britain to be back british !, 
  to make it taste nice . 
  tea is meant to be a warm comforting nectar of dubious nutritional value , not some hot leaf juice . 
  yeah , but the romans got the british addicted to alcohol and we 're still addicted today , so what goes around comes around . 
  i 'm british and i cringed reading this . 
  to quote myself, 
   to make it taste nice . 
  tea is meant to be a warm comforting nectar of dubious nutritional value , not some hot leaf juice . 
  lol i agree but i 'm still downvoting you . 
  let the foreigners believe it . 
  there 's a special rung in hell for the milk firsters . 
  i 'm no fan of american politics , but even i think this is hilariously over dramatic . 
  it 's not like many of these problems like invasion of privacy , suppression of the press , human rights violations and political nepotism do n't exist in china , in some cases worse than the us . 
  to be fair you guys are n't very good at milk generally . 
  members have to be listened to . 
  i totally disagreee with this statement . 
  the spread of dissatisfaction will be greater if the uk leaves . 
  i think you are in a minority for taking such a strong ideological and pro federalist opinion , and i say that as a resident of germany . 
  attitudes towards federalism are luke warm at best in germany , stronger in poland and the baltics , and a closer union at the cost of size is n't what many would want . 
  you muslamic infidel, 
  who cares what they think . 
  so no different from how things have always been then ? 
  that totally depends on the group , your location , their age .
