  what i think he 's doing is trying to push a certain narrative , `` do n't make fun of speech defects because you have one too '' . 
  however noble his ends , i still kinda resent that bad linguistic theory ( telling a community they have a speech defect ) , and the lie by omission ( ignoring what has been to standard way to pronounce - r in english for most of the 20th century ) in order to increase the number of viewers who will take on the message , due to his conveniently forgetting about the standard british - r pronunciation , and go away spreading this idea that the majority of british english speakers ca n't say the letter - r. 
  they at least understand that they 're voting for parties , and the party with the most votes tends to be the one who will put forward a leader who will have executive power in the government . 
  they also know that the representatives they elect will vote on whether proposed laws come into effect . 
  they might not understand the nuance but they understand the direct causality between their actions and the political direction of their country . 
  this is the overriding causal logic of democracy and even an idiot can understand it . 
  the eu lacks any feeling of direct causality between their elections and the actions of the eu . 
  consequently it 's readily perceived by ordinary folk as at best an organisation that does n't do much , or at worst , a corruption of real democracy preventing real elected democratic governments from following the will of the people . 
  it 's simple as that really . 
  you can berate eurosceptics for not understanding that the eu is at its core democratic , and go into the annals of history stubbornly proclaiming you were right , or you can fix the eu to make it work for the people its ultimately meant to serve to ensure its continued success . 
  brexit can be analysed in this sense quite readily . 
  the british people are used to have a democratically elected leader that usually holds majority power in the legislative house and also has the power to make decisions by executive order . 
  the eu lacks any leadership character whatsoever frankly , maybe because of europe 's legacy and how paranoid continental europeans are of putting too much power in one pair of hands . 
  most european countries at pr meaning they are used to more obfuscated forms of leadership . 
  the eu never won the support of the british proletariat because they did n't give them the causal logic of democracy to which they are accustomed . 
  that is indirect causal logic , you voting for people who choose people who negotiate with other people to make laws for us . 
  people barely trust the people they elect , but at least they have a straightforward democratic mechanism with which they can hold them to account . 
  they certainly do n't trust the politicians they elect to choose people to represent that country in a supranational body that has quasi-sovereign power over a nation . 
  the commission is the great weakness in the eu system . 
  the appointment of the commission is a break in the direct causal mechanism , the rotating presidency is utterly bewildering to someone with only a naive understanding of politics . 
  lol whatever buddy , some people have interpreted this as a direct mockery of transgenderism , it 's not . 
  i know how the eu parliament works . 
  it does n't stop that fact that the the eu does n't not have the direct causality that engages less politically interested voters and as such acquires their consent . 
  the eu parliament is a massive mess that has failed to engaged its electorate . 
  the eu commission is confusing and prima facie undemocratic , and the notion that leaders of the eu 28 `` set the policy agenda '' is way too vague to engage ordinary people . 
  kebabs made by greek cypriots that are really lamb gyros in pita . 
  nothing says britain like ordering a kebab and being given a pita . 
  fyi i 'd be careful with the kebabs in the uk . 
  sometimes they 're great and sometimes they 're worse than a curry when it comes to your morning toilet activities . 
  knew one place that would literally fry a whole chicken breast in paprika for you , stick it in a pita with salad , tzatiki , and some spicy sauce . 
  delicious but definitely not a kebab . 
   the idea of transgenderism is no less absurd now than it was then . 
  you can think that if you want . 
  personally i could n't care less if someone wants to be transgender . 
  sure , we have to be common sense about it , i do n't think we should let transgender people compete in sports against non-transgender people for example , i do n't think kids should be asked to pick their gender at a young age , but i could n't care less if people want to live as a different gender . 
  let them change their sex legally and gain the same rights as women or men for all i care , and if they use that right inappropriately then let them be punished for it . 
  what i think is absurd is the fear older generations had of sexuality and gender , a superstition passed down from the ancient world that said society wo n't function or will become degenerate unless everyone conforms to a normative definition of heterosexuality and biological gender . 
  why not change the law if those laws were written by people with such prejudices . 
  do you really care if transgender people use the facilities designated to them according to their gender rather than their biological sex . 
  you can find it absurd if you want , i personally find goths absurd , why the hell do you want to dress that way and act that way ? 
  but i do n't care as long as they just get on with it without causing any grief , surely that is the epitome of a liberal society . 
  arguably that makes her out of touch with most of britain who do n't share he strongly prescriptive morality . 
  i mean seriously , where are all these people who are angry about porn , internet freedom , etc. 
  they are a tiny minority of boring bastards authoritarian bastards who do n't even make up the majority of the tory votership . 
  she 's living in a fantasy world . 
  i thought we were liberal in britain . 
  i thought we did n't give a fuck about what people do in privacy . 
  that we did n't try and proscribe morality on others as long as they toe the line . 
  is n't that the english freedom that distinguishes from the countries that lent more heavily towards fascism . 
  according to may , no , that 's not the case . 
  you 're really going to engage with people and make them understand your point of view by being condescending and trying to exclude those who disagree with you from the discourse . 
  yes , call all the cis people babies with alphabet blocks , they will surely turn around and agree with you and humbly defer to your opinion in future . 
  works every time . 
  we 'll need some more explanation as to why you feel this sentence does n't sound right . 
  one possible explanation is that you 're not seeing that this phrase emerged from an omission . 
   he 's as bad as i am, 
   he 's as bad as i, 
   he 's as bad as me, 
  historically `` as '' was used with a clause while `` like '' was used with a noun . 
  compare :, 
   it tastes like pizza, 
   it tastes as pizza should, 
  one way of thinking about your example is that the verb of the 2nd clause is omitted due it being identical to the first . 
   the patriots are as bad as the falcons ( are ), 
  shame `` f is for family '' sucks ass and is just a clich\u00e9 as fuck american family cartoon that 's be done to death already . 
  was good , but he missed that pilgrim is a word with a religious connotation too . 
  look , i do n't mean want as in choose , i mean want as in it is something they desire regardless of the reason for that . 
  i 'm not quibbling terminology , it 's a waste of time . 
  do n't think you 've got my point there mate . 
  i was just summarising mate . 
  but thank you for the more detailed explanation of the parody . 
   . i 'm aware of some airline crews being ` spoken to ' ( when customs do n't have much to do ) when crews bring through the takings from on-board sales . 
  no , he would just stay in hospital technically in the custody of dutch government until he was well enough to fly and then flown home . 
  there 's no need to issue a visa , nobody is going to deport a sick person . 
  no it was n't according to the wikipedia . 
   the film is set in an unidentified town in the midlands . 
  although much of the film was shot on location in nottingham , a number of scenes feature the town 's docks , which precludes this inland city being the setting for the action . 
  similarly , the dialects of the main characters are drawn from a wide geographical area . 
  the series was filmed in sheffield , and grimsby was also used for seaside shots , but the location is deliberately not revealed but it 's meant to be be in the north east midlands apparently so more nottingham way . 
  the whole point is probably that it 's not set in a specific place but just generic `` industrially declined britain '' . 
  the accents in it range from northern to midlands both east and west . 
  he would probably technically be in the custody of the border control . 
  yes , they would take custody of him if he were taken to hospital . 
  i doubt they 'd lock him up but he could get into trouble if he left the hospital premises without permission . 
  a tape recorder becomes obsolete , human nature does n't change , his tools are still viable . 
   by modern standards , the conventions he used of having characters just deliver these amazingly long-winded speeches detailing their every thought would be universally panned as terrible, 
  it 's not realism , so that does n't make sense . 
  shakespeare has a lot to teach , you 've just got to be intelligent enough to understand how it applies to modern life through an understanding of human motivation and the context . 
  often people do n't even see the genius because the genius has been repeated so often since the writer discovered it that they take it for granted . 
  read homer , the characters behave and interact in ways that initially make no sense in a modern context , but there 's lots of learn by comparing modern literature and classical literature to find the commonalities that define the human condition . 
  this hits hard . 
  do n't let anyone tell you that poverty is n't a thing in germany . 
  lots of kids growing up dependent on the state for their income . 
  kids living in the same room as their parents . 
  lots of them the children of eu migrants . 
  germany is a capitalist country . 
  has a better welfare state than that of the us but that does n't save kids from poor families for shit like this . 
   if i want to learn to write a book , or a screenplay , why would i be interested at all in dissecting the works of shakespeare and not , say , hemmingway or thomas hardy or virginia woolf , quentin tarantino or aaron sorkin ? 
  arguably you should be looking at all different authors from different time periods and comparing them . 
  something to bear in mind is that while tarantino is great , nothing he 's done , or will do , will ever have such a lasting impact on the culture .
