  depends where you are in europe tbh . 
  germany is big on ice tea , in the uk you 'd have to go looking for it at the back of a big supermarket to get your hands on some . 
   public restrooms, 
  no offence but the public toilets in the us are crappy , free but crappy . 
  both literally and figuratively . 
  the number of smokers in the us is n't as different as you 'd think . 
  the bigger difference is how socially acceptable smoking is . 
  in the us you 'll only find smokers on the edge of car parks , sitting in their car , or smoking at home most of the time . 
  in europe it 's acceptable to light up outside your office or a supermarket , meaning it 's a lot more visible . 
  smoking is still censured in europe , but nothing like on the same level . 
  the uk is more like north america with a dominance of chains and fewer one off stores . 
  sure it might be nice for convenience but it kills local business . 
  one big problem in the uk is that communities are n't supporting their local business owners but flock to shopping centres and massive supermarkets on the outskirts of population centres . 
  in places like france and germany they really do make an effort to keep their highstreets and local shopping streets alive . 
  many people see it as their civic duty to buy their coffee at the nice local place rather than some big faceless chain store , even if it costs a little more , and that 's a good thing . 
  no at the same way in my experience . 
  in the us it 's like , `` yeah you should probably overtake on the left , and staying in your lane is fine '' . 
  in most of europe you 're expected to be as far right as possible unless you 're overtaking , the lane discipline is strict , and allows people to travel at whatever speed they feel comfortable with . 
   fries/chips in england were way to thick . 
  maybe it was just the 3 or four places i had them , but they were like an inch across . 
  i felt like i was eating a whole fried potato . 
  that bothered me deeply , but they 've been fine everywhere else . 
  you can take our land , you can take our lives , but you 'll never take our thick chips . 
  i 'm sorry , but we hold fries to be inferior in virtually every way . 
  you realise that craft beer is an american phenomena . 
  europe has had a diverse range of minority brews for centuries . 
  in the us your choice is craft beer or commercial piss , so it 's natural that you have more . 
  european bars tend to stock multiple types of traditional beer , and any craft beer will be additional to that . 
  honestly , drinking craft beer in europe is like going to california and drinking french wine . 
  get yourself some real ale or whatever the local equivalent is . 
  do n't really get your point . 
  russell group universities and red brick universities are generally very respectable globally ( consistently world top 200 ) as are virtually all the public universities in germany . 
  if you 're talking about the smaller countries well it 's natural they do n't have as many world class institutions . 
  sounds like you 're exaggerating the gap between european universities and oxbridge . 
  most of the larger ones are easily on par with us state universities when it comes to research and teaching performance . 
  yeah there are less reputable institutions in europe , but that 's the same in the us too . 
  yup , it 's popular in central europe i know that much . 
  i agree they are a necessity , and you should be allowed to use them for free . 
  most places here get around that by having an `` honour system '' , where if you have to bear the angry scornful looks of some poor old lady tasked with cleaning them when you walk out without putting some cash in the tray . 
  that said , you can just put 20 cents in there if you want ( bit cheap though , 50 cents is the going rate ) . 
  i have used them for free before . 
  the strict pay-to-piss ones tend to be more common in touristy places like train stations because of the sheer traffic they get . 
  honestly , i do n't mind paying 50 cent if it means the toilets are clean and fresh . 
  however , if it were up to mean i 'd ban the ones with gates that you literally ca n't use without paying . 
  heretical !, 
  you clearly have some kind of pork product based stockholm syndrome . 
  yup . 
  my point was that the us is about average for europe . 
  so yeah ... 
  anyway , you see a lot more smokers in france but technically they have fewer smokers , so it comes down to cultural acceptance of the habit . 
  well yeah . 
  the easiest way to motivate americans to change is to associate it with bumpkins imo . 
  it 's not even a problem in the uk . 
  looking at one ranking the uk has 4th , 6th , 7th , 9th , 19th , 21st , 29th , 37th , 41st . 
  it 's a pretty high performance . 
  german universities tend to score more lowly , but they 're all public funded and that makes a difference . 
  yeah but what you also have to realise is that with this rule what happens in congestion is that you get different speed of traffic in each lane . 
  the people who want to crawl at 50 mph and stick to one side and the people who want to do 90 mph can stay further across . 
  if you 're constantly overtaking slower moving traffic in the other lane then you do n't have to constantly change lanes . 
  reality tv has become a massive part of socialisation though to be honest . 
  look at how many dumb people watch reality tv just to see people who are held up as examples of what is undesirable so they can experience a slight boost to their own feeling of self worth . 
  voyeuristic stupidity porn is a really effective way to censure certain behaviours or modes of thought and discourage stupid people from engaging in it . 
  there 's an obsession with trash because it makes people feel better about themselves . 
  a lot . 
  mass produced , artificial , and overly sweet . 
  wrong kind of diversity . 
  german and irish are obviously the best . 
  american bread is worse . 
  you do n't even have bakeries in your supermarkets a lot of the time . 
  you realise that kids learn languages a lot more effectively right ? 
  learning a language as a kid is something that the vast amount of the human race can do , especially when completely immersed in a culture that has almost no understanding of your own language . 
  that 's also a serious factor . 
  learning a language as an adult actually requires you to be both somewhat intelligent and dedicated to study . 
  it takes most people years to get anything like a comfortable `` working '' knowledge of a language that will never have trouble understanding or communicating in any situation . 
  the reality is that old people just stop trying , and do n't have the mental energy required to learn that shit . 
  old people can be smart but they 're mostly relying on skills they 've picked up when they were younger and take much longer to pick up new skills as most old people with computers will attest . 
  i do n't think even britain understand why that soft scoop ice cream you get from ice cream vans and in pizza hut is popular . 
  it does n't really taste like anything anyway . 
  supermarkets carry a large range now though , when i was a kid it was basically just vanilla , strawberry , chocolate , or tutti frutti , occasionally random shit like mint . 
  now you 've got all the haagen-daaz , and ben and jerry 's . 
  that said the best imo is the traditional stuff with cornish cream and whatnot , ca n't beat simplicity . 
  well first off bread is more expensive in the us . 
  1.7 - 2.3 dollars average according price records . 
  uk bread costs like 65p , and is often baked freshly on site that day rather than brought in some some plant . 
  of course there are brands of bread that are made in larger operations , but because of the uk 's size it 's a lot more efficient , keeping prices lower . 
  you have a wide range of bread here , although sour dough is n't as popular as it in say germany . 
  anyway , the stereotype that american bread sucks mostly comes from the your white sliced sandwich bread . 
  it 's cakey and sweeter than most european breads . 
  sure there is better bread available , but not sweet sandwich bread is hard to find in the us . 
  to be fair i think prestigious schools do have homework . 
  in fact , they have a whole faculty highly intelligent and well educated adults who 've succeeded in their profession being paid salaries that would turn any public sector educator green to do absolutely everything they can , with the kind of leeway that would never be afforded a public sector teacher , to groom them into highly effective adults that will have superior social and intellectual advantages for the rest of their lives . 
  it 's doing the hypocrisy of the system an injustice to suggest they 're sent off to public schools to sit around doing nothing but toffing around . 
  the whole public school system is in many ways a process of psychological manipulation , as all education is i 'll add , but with the public schools using methodology that most public educators would find difficult to implement given the range of social economic and ethnic diversity , or find too time consuming given their salary , or would deem unethical . 
  that or it would be simply be too expensive . 
  a mixture of the above . 
  yes , but what you 're missing is that the long term gains actually outweigh the costs . 
  it already happened with germany . 
  south korea is a strong economy and western ally . 
  it 's also developing and is obvious an important prospect in the future of the global economy . 
  the reality is that there are already plans in place for funding of a reunification process , even if the details are n't talked about publicly .
