  the us has left it too late in many respects because many european countries were able to buy up land when property values made up a much smaller % of gdp , so the inflation adjusted price is now higher . 
  that said , european governments are still expanding infrastructure and paying billions for it , the difference is that they 're adding to an already functioning system , making an investment that will probably pay off long term , whereas the us would need to build something much more comprehensive , and the investment is a risk if fewer people are willing to pay for it than they estimate . 
  i often see freight trains with cars as well though , sometimes 200 + of them . 
  i also see large machinery and parts and stuff more often than i see the cargo boxes . 
  totally different type of analysis . 
  sumo wrestling had systemic cheating . 
  all this boils down to is the judges ' subjective opinion regarding what happened . 
  [ people do try to domesticate new animals though ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-l58nppq5ei ), 
  then again he might not truly be a `` random security guard '' , all the people in charge of the event might just be friends of the organisers or local bmx/skate enthusiasts , in which case it seems far more probable that they 'd have some talents . 
  `` tenderloin '' . 
  fillet steak is where it 's at . 
  go to your butcher and ask for the fillet tail . 
  the fillet is a piece of meat that runs down the spine of the cow . 
  the fillet tail is the very end of every fillet . 
  what 's so good about it is that it 's easily as tender as the rest of the fillet , tastes just as good , but because it does n't make such a nice shape for steaks it 's generally not as a expensive . 
  i 've managed to get significant discounts on fillet tail before , ideal for sandwiches because you do n't really care about the shape of the meat when it 's between two chunks of bread . 
  if it 's accidental then yes , i always let people into my lane if they 're stuck . 
  however , to me it looks like this guy is lane splitting just try to get ahead in the queue , in which case no letting them in is teaching them a lesson . 
  i get so angry driving when someone drives up the filter lane , for example , to jump ahead of the queue , and then tries to push in . 
  it happens quite regularly at junctions that look like they have two lanes going forward but in fact only have one lane going forward and one lane for filtering . 
  see so many guys in flash cars try it , i never make it easy for them to get back in . 
  they can wait until the light changes . 
  yeah i was just mocking his use of '' '' . 
  the most euphoric comparison i 've read today . 
  yes , worse but much fancier . 
  i 'll have my gourmet burger with spinach and fine italian blue cheese now . 
  the rules for london :, 
  be rich, 
  be rich, 
  lol you guys believe some dumb shit . 
  taxes in the uk are similar to many us states . 
  also unless you 're very rich you 're not really feeling it that much . 
  meh , if you eat fast food maybe once every month or so it 's worth it imo . 
  i feel like with the popularity of five guys internationally in this thread we could be witnessing the ascension of a restaurant to international chain . 
  it was a joke . 
  to be fair , he 's just trying to protect his business . 
  i know people who are professional ebay sellers , they do n't make huge bank doing it . 
  after tax their annual incomes are similar to what you 'd get in a relatively low paid job . 
  not only that but the income can fluctuate from month to month so in the run to christmas for example they 'll have a large chunk of money come in but in other months it 's hard going . 
  they 're living this reality , a hard way to make a living , endlessly responding to emails , organising postage on the daily , responding to people who are worried their item has n't arrived yet ( like 24 hours after they paid when the listing says 3-5 days and so forth ) . 
  the only real perk of the job is that you can work from home . 
  these people 's livings depend on feedback . 
  the higher the feedback the more confident people will be buying from them . 
  the difference of 1 % can actually affect sales , because while ebay veterans might not be stressed about the difference between 95-96 % positive feedback , lots of new users will be . 
  this is especially true if you 're trying to sell expensive items . 
  when you get idiots giving you negative feedback and reviews just because they 're fucking idiots who do n't read descriptions then it 's enough to drive anyone crazy . 
  selling on ebay just shows how many utter morons their are out there buying stuff . 
  imperial units , not `` english units '' . 
  in this case american imperial units which can differ from british imperial units . 
  it 's nothing to do with that . 
  for some small european countries they do learn their border countries ' languages simply to have access to more stuff ( although english can also often be used in this situation ) , however , if you think you ca n't live in germany or another big european nation and never actually need to speak another language then you 'd be mistaken . 
  you can drive six hours in germany without leaving the country , these nations are big and populace enough to mean nobody really needs another language . 
  however , people learn these languages at a far greater rate simply because language learning is valued by the culture more greatly , as and end in itself as well as a means to an end . 
  not just english either , french , spanish , german are all popular across europe . 
  you should sit your burger on a hot surface for a few minutes after cooking it to avoid this . 
  technically maybe , but those units are ubiquitously described as `` imperial units '', 
  the actor is n't , but jon snow 's and robb 's accents were modelled on sean bean 's who is indeed from yorkshire . 
  all the northern folk seem to have a yorkshire / lancashire style generic northern accent . 
  whereas the southerners tend to speak bbc style english . 
  there are some funny exceptions though . 
  robert sounds northern , whereas renly sounds southern , and stannis sounds vaguely midlands . 
  all the stark children asides robb sound southern . 
  davos sounds like he 's from newcastle for some reason . 
  you probably do . 
  south wales was really good - drunk here my whole life !, 
  it just like if someone said they were fluent in 10 languages . 
  for most languages you 'd just hear a barrage of sounds but for you own language you 've have a much more nuanced idea of how fluent they were . 
   if someone says ` poor ' like ` pooer ' [ ] then they 're not a brummie, 
  you 're wrong there my friend . 
  that pronunciation is traditionally brummie and still exists amongst older brummie speakers . 
  it 's merely that most younger speakers no longer have it , and perhaps it 's holding out longer in the black country as their accents tend to be a bit more traditional and rural and little less urban . 
  the paw - poor - pour merger is virtually ubiquitous amongst british people these days , however brum was a traditional stronghold against it . 
  source : wikipedia but also my nan 's side of the family all grew up in small heath and said poo-er , my grandad also rolled his - r 's , which was very old school brummie . 
  guess we 'll be seeing a reboot with the brexit economy !, 
  lol , leamington is like 10 minute drive from coventry with no traffic , not 30 minutes . 
  source : driven between the two literally hundreds of times . 
  the uk is still part of our glorious ever closer union for now , and probably for a while to come . 
  yes they borrowed very heavily from the war of the roses , however , if you look more closely , almost everything is borrowed from british history . 
  in fact the red wedding is borrowed from an incident involving two scottish clans . 
  you poor person . 
  did she just say `` using a novel subspace deformation transfer technique '' . 
  wow we must really be living in the star trek era . 
  this clearly did n't happen , it 's not like germany would ever name a school after one of the most , if not the most , eminent scientists of the 20th century . 
  containers of alcohol along with branding . 
  i always thought the red cup thing was just a hollywood trick to avoid having to display minors consuming alcohol / alcohol consumption in general , and also avoid having to show open containers in public places ( legal in most of the world ) and branding . 
  everyone who is n't from north america is shocked when they discover they 're real . 
  postmen do n't pick up your mail in europe , you have to walk to the end if your road and put out going post into a postbox silly . 
  it 's one the benefits of living in towns and cities with other people rather than in the middle of nowhere with guns and animals . 
  everyone in europe lives in a `` city '' by american yokel standards . 
  you can get that stuff in most countries , obviously not in india : /, 
  not really . 
  lol he did n't earn a billion as taxable personal income . 
  that 's impossible . 
  it 's most likely capital gains tax he 's avoiding in the us , which is higher but nowhere near 66 % . 
  that 's not how tax works . 
  you americans have some funny ideas about tax , just because the maximum tax rate in a country is 66 % does not mean all rich people are paying that , most are n't in fact . 
  most really rich people get paid in equity anyway . 
  flakes , similar to aeros and a few other types of chocolate , work on the surface area principle . 
  if you increase the surface area of your chocolate it can impact how it tastes . 
  what can we say you 're known for your obesity inducing foodstuffs .
