  thus the term `` act of parliament '' , which british people should be familiar with , in the us the `` patriot act '' was law put into force by the government rather than the judiciary . 
  it is this legislation that in many ways forms the bones of the common law system , however , it is precedent that gives it body , determining the nuance of how it is to be interpreted and applied in different instances . 
  when something new comes up , it often does n't require that the government quickly draught and enact a new law to cover it , rather the matter plays out in court and a new precedent is set . 
  the judges do n't just make up new laws , but derive new precedents from previous legislation and precedent . 
  the second significant difference is how criminal trials function under each system . 
  in common law systems trials are described as adversarial . 
  they are described so because the trial principally involves two parties , the prosecution and the defence , who try to demonstrate either the grounds for a belief that the law has been broken or demonstrate that there is a lack of grounds for a belief that a law has been broken . 
  these two parties focus mainly on what can be called `` matters of fact '' , each tries their best to bring the facts of the case to the light of day ( albeit only those facts that support their own side ) , interviewing and cross-examining witnesses , submitting evidence , and putting forth arguments to the effect that x or y has occurred . 
  in this situation the judge acts as a kind of referee , ensuring that neither side does anything unlawful or deceitful to gain an advantage in the proceedings . 
  the judge also acts as a kind of library of legal expertise in `` matters of law '' . 
  whether or not mr smith strangled his wife is a matter of fact , whether what he did do , once the facts are known , constitutes murder or manslaughter is a matter of law . 
  none of this means that lawyers do n't also involve themselves in matters of law , because they have to understand the law themselves to make the best arguments for or against the case , to portray the facts in a way that will achieve the best outcome for their side , and so they can also complain to the judge when they think a matter of law is being overlooked , but the judge has the final say on these matters . 
  once the trial comes towards its end the verdict is reached by a jury of your peers ( ordinary people for you and me ) , the judge will advise the jury depending on how he sees the case and explain the complexities when necessary . 
  nonetheless , ultimately , the jury has the final say on guilty or not guilty ( although again this is oversimplified because many lower courts in common law systems do n't have juries and the judge ( s ) will be responsible for the verdict in a way far more similar to civil law e.g magistrates court ) . 
  under civil law you have what we call an inquisitorial system . 
  the ethos of this system can be captured by the latin proverb `` give me the fact , and i will give you the law '' . 
  under an inquisitorial system the defence and prosecution play a diminished role , in some senses the roles of the judge and the lawyers is reversed . 
  the lawyer for the defence still acts in an advisory role to their client , ensures that their client is being treated fairly ( under common law a responsibility that falls heavily to the judge ) , and complains to the judge if they believe that not to be the case or they believe a matter of law is being overlooked . 
  however , both matters of law and matter of fact fall under the judge 's responsibilities . 
  the judge will do things like interview and cross examine witnesses , attempting to be as objective as possible , and aim simply to find out the truth , rather than ask questions specifically contrived to support or weaken one particular side 's argument . 
  the lawyers still play a part , and they will consult with the judge and make clear which avenues of inquiry they wish to see pursued , but ultimately the judge has the final say . 
  furthermore , it is the judge , or more likely a panel of judges ( if the trial is of significance ) , who will decide the verdict . 
  there are typically no juries under this system ( although some civil law countries do have them ) . 
  there is also often a system somewhat similar to juries in the form of lay judges . 
  a lay judge is a respected member of the community who does not come from a legal background , they are not a member of the bar and typically only have a minor amount of legal training ( whatever is necessary to become a lay judge ) or none at all . 
  as i mentioned a big trial in a civil law country will have a panel of judges , sometimes 12 or more , usually in these countries the law will require a certain number of these be lay judges , so you might have a situation where the verdict is reached by a panel of 6 professional judges , and 6 lay judges . 
  another point of interest is that typically becoming a judge under an inquisitorial system is an entirely different career path to that of becoming a lawyer . 
  after legal study graduates must decide whether they wish to pursue a career as a judge or as a lawyer , and moving between to two is rarely heard of , this is to keep the lawyers and the judges separate and prevent them from being subconsciously biased towards their old colleagues . 
  in common law countries , of course , judges tend to be lawyers who became judges after reaching the height of their careers . 
  ultimately both systems have pros and cons . 
  the common law system is more rooted into the prioritisation of the minimisation of the power of the individual members of the judiciary ( for whatever reason ... parliament was n't afraid of their power at all ... cough ) , and keeping judges honest through this minimisation of power . 
  it 's much harder to blame a corrupt judge when all the judge does is oversee and advise ( although i 'm sure corrupt judges still manage it ) . 
  however , this also means that in common law the quality of your legal representation can mean the difference between getting off scot free and the harshest penalty the law can muster . 
  that said , the judiciary as a whole , or at least the highest courts in the land , are more powerful in the sense they can define what the law will be in future through precedent . 
  the civil law system puts individual judges in a much more powerful position , which can be good in some cases . 
  for example , under civil law a really good judge will demonstrate their skill by cross examining witnesses very fairly and objectively , however , under common law a really good prosecutor or lawyer for the defence will demonstrate their skill by cross examining witnesses in a way that rips apart their testimony and makes them look unreliable regardless of whether they 're telling the truth or not . 
  you have to remember that the goal of a lawyer is to win the case , regardless of anything , that 's what they 're paid to do , as long as they do so lawfully they 're golden . 
  a good judge on the other hand should simply want to see the truth out , and it wo n't matter to them what the outcome is in the slightest , they get paid the same and their career is safe regardless . 
  another assurance of this system is that you know the verdict will ( probably ) be reached primarily by people with enough legal understanding / intelligence of actually put their prejudice aside and understand the details of the case . 
  a con of this system is that if you get a bad judge ( s ) or corrupt judge ( s ) then your life is in their hands , there is no chance that the jury will save you at the verdict . 
  the judiciary as a whole , of course , has less power , and is subject to the government or whoever the government appoints to make the law . 
  to be fair , what makes a legal system good usually is n't the kind of law that it operates , but how it operates , some common law systems are great , some are n't , some civil law systems are great , some are down right terrible . 
  the country you are tried in is going to make far more difference in regard to the quality of justice you receive than whether that country operates under civil or common law . 
  tl ; dr codified law vs precedent , adversarial court vs inquisitorial court . 
  not the person who you responded to but the general consensus is that common law is moving closer to civil law in the past decades . 
  one argument for this is the fact that juries are becoming less and less prevalent . 
  a big part of this is practical , there are simply too many cases for the courts to deal with for them all to be dealt with by juries . 
  a long time ago even minor criminal cases would be entitled to juries , nowadays juries are becoming too costly and time consuming to use as frequently . 
  another another reason juries are unpopular with some is due to the complexity of some cases in modern times . 
  if you have a case involving digital intellectual property that constitutes a criminal matter , you 've got people questioning the competency of a jury to actually comprehend both the legal and technological principles at stake . 
  juries are fine for understanding something more tangible like a murder , but they will struggle with technical complexities . 
  another major reason people believe this is the massive increase in the quantity of legislation coming out of the legislatures of most common law countries . 
  100 years ago the majority of new law was set by precedent , but it was a different time when new problems arose infrequently and the need to react quickly was n't as strong . 
  due to the changes the last century has brought the amount of legislation in common law countries has been increasing non-stop . 
  legislation is a codified form of law because it written explicitly by law makers and is not derived through the precedent of case law . 
  i do n't think common law will ever look exactly like civil law . 
  there will always be precedent and i imagine juries will stay with us for a long time yet , perhaps with exemptions for certain kinds of cases when it becomes accepted that juries are not unsuitable for certain complex cases . 
  i also doubt the common law will ever lose many of the procedural qualities that differentiate it from civil law , i ca n't see any common law countries endorsing inquisitorial style courts for example . 
  however , there definitely seems to be process of synthesis going on whereby common law resembles civil law more than it did 100 years ago . 
  scot 's * ( or even better scottish ) ... [ scott is a dick . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e7hegnsows4 ), 
  if you do n't know the correct regional term then use a generic term . 
  do n't impose your local regional term where it does n't fit . 
  i have no fucking clue what age `` high schoolers '' are , so i 'd just say school kids or students . 
  not unless they 're scottish , and scottish `` high school '' starts at age 11 , so is a complete different meaning to whatever the american term means . 
  they translate just fine . 
  school kids and student could mean anything from 5 - 18 ( or 100 in the case of students ) , better to use a less specific term correctly than misapply a regional term . 
  furthermore i could n't give a fuck about people using their regional terms on the internet ... when those terms actually apply . 
  if i talk about american stuff i do n't talk about us barristers , i talk about us attorneys , i do n't talk about american nurseries , i talk about us kindergartens . 
  i do n't get all butthurt when someone suggest that my country specific language does n't apply outside of the country . 
  if i did i 'd get about twenty people correcting me no doubt . 
  the least you could do is return the fucking courtesy . 
  high schooler is not , and will never be , a generic english term for older school children . 
  it 's a word that refers only to kids who attend high school . 
  i honestly do n't give a fuck what a `` high schooler '' is . 
  you would n't catch me going around talking about american sixth-formers though because i 'm not an ignorant twat like some . 
  a lot of us were looking forward to the tbc expansion that was coming up after naxx , so there 's that . 
  also a lot of us do not want to level another 1-60 , especially when the chance is there to lose it all over again . 
  i do n't regret levelling on nost because i have n't levelled 1-60 like that in like 10 years . 
  however , to do it all over again would now just be a chore . 
  60-70 however is fine because i have n't done the original outland grind in like 8 years or whatever , so even if i lost my 70 after that grind i would n't be pissed off because i 'd enjoy the experience . 
  there 's no way in hell i 'm going to level another 1-60 unless i can be damn certain that this one is n't going to get deleted again , and if playtbc gets deleted i 'd probably just end up on an instant 70 server after that . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  the england and ireland are both common law countries that are in europe , and civil law is used over most of the world , so the suggestion that no one in europe does so makes no sense whatsoever . 
  furthermore there 's a difference between referring to , or looking at a past verdict , and legal precedent . 
  the difference is , well , the lack of a legal precedent system . 
  precedent is a system whereby precedent decisions are legally binding until the point at which they are overturned and a new precedent or piece of legislation replaces them . 
  lawyers and judges in civil law countries may well look at previous cases to see how judges have dealt with similar cases in the past , but the decisions of these cases are not legally binding on the current case , it 's just a useful guide , the only thing that binds the decision of the judge is the codified laws of the country . 
  if the judiciary is running into problems with ambiguous interpretations of legal matters they may well request that the government makes new laws to clarify a certain matter , and they will do that instead of using precedent . 
  in common law countries this is unnecessary since the ruling in this instance will affect all future decisions . 
  ok , so let 's make a few things clear . 
  the `` civil law '' we 're talking about here is totally different to the `` civil law '' courts in common law countries . 
  civil law here means the tradition of european law that dates back to rome and is characterised in the ways i 've already mentions . 
  it describes the entirety of these countries ' legal systems . 
  civil law in a common law country like the us or uk is the part of the overall legal system that deals with civil matters . 
  civil matters are non-criminal problems people have with other . 
  that is to say family law , matters involving property and money , these are all described as civil matters in common law countries . 
  if i sue you then i take you to civil court . 
  a civil court has a plaintiff , a person who is claiming to have a problem , and a defendant , the person who is accused of causing the problem . 
  a criminal court only ever has a defendant vs the crown ( uk ) , or a defendant vs the people ( us ) .
