  both are kind of normal , not typical media personalities , interested in down to earth things , do n't seem like they aspire to fame . 
  there 's something that works well on radio shows when you have someone seemingly completely unsuited to it that the loud mouth types can have a back and forth with . 
  the only difference is that gervais got worldwide recognition but scott mills is still just an ordinary bbc uk dj ( albeit a successful one ) . 
  kind of but not really . 
  the point of scaling bail amounts is simply to disincentivise running from the charges , the idea being that the more money someone puts up the less chance that they 'll run . 
  how financially crippling it is has always depended on the wealth of the individual , so it 's not like it would financial cripple people necessarily . 
  i think judges do tend to take into account the personal wealth of the accused individual , but it 's never been a straight scale depending on the severity of the crime and giving the wealthy an easier time than the poor . 
  the thing is the past flight risk was a much bigger deal , someone could get on a train another state or country and be virtually free from prosecution . 
  in the modern age however it 's far less problematic . 
  technology means that even 1000 miles away it 's only slightly more complicated to catch someone than it would be 10 miles down the road . 
  we have databases for this kind of shit . 
  while someone might run and lay low for years even , eventually it 's going to catch up with them , and then they will have to face the severe consequences of attempting to avoid prosecution . 
  since anyone who is allowed bail anyway is not considered to be a danger to society particularly ( they 're unlikely to murder or harm anyone physically ) , it really does n't matter if they face their charge now or face a more severe charge a year down the line . 
  it 's wrong to equate the english solely with anglo-saxons imo . 
  english is a national identity that 's includes jutes , norwegians , french , frisians , celtic tribes and all the other odds and sods that have washed up on these shores in the past 2000 years . 
  whether the people who moved here after the romans over the years killed the natives is a question of historical debate , i remember reading something that said the degree to which this happened is high overly exaggerated . 
  there 's some evidence to say that they were pushed westwards , and welsh and cornish nationalists love to tout this idea , but also plenty of evidence that seems to show that much of the native population and germanic settlers simply co-existed once the conquering stage was over , and that there was much interbreeding meaning the english are far more celtic than they once cared to admit due to racist notions about the superiority of germanic peoples . 
  i still would n't call you british . 
  i 'd call you an american with a british parent . 
  that indian guy who moved here when he was 5 with two indian parents , he 's british because he lives in britain , he grew up in britain , britain is what he knows . 
  however if you chose to move to britain and lived there for a while i 'd call you british . 
  since you would become anglicised after a significant time living there and you 'd also have the passport to prove it . 
  just like if someone moved from a america and spent enough time in the uk to become a get a british passport , after completing that process i 'd call him a briton , and that 's all there is to it really . 
  nationality is not a matter of heritage , nor is it a matter of emulating the culture in a foreign country . 
  the criteria imo is spending a significant period of time living in that society , as well as having the right to dwell there indefinitely . 
  obviously there 's no hard and fast criteria for when you really become `` british '' , it could be 5 years , it could be 10 years or 15 years , but i think it 's perfectly evident to other people when someone has become a nationality . 
  when their connection to the country in which they dwell is stronger than their old home , and they call that country home first and foremost , then they become that nationality through being immersed in it . 
  it 's nothing to do with accents or anything , i know plenty of people that i 'd call british despite having an australian or canadian accent for example . 
  i 'm a british ex-pat , but i would never call myself a german because i 'm obviously not , but if i lived here for 20 years and became naturalised then i would be . 
  i 'd add that the idea of a pure anything is pretty much non-existent . 
  in the distant history people moved around so little due to the restraints of their limited technology we do see distinct genetic markers from certain areas . 
  but even then it still was n't `` pure '' , but more of a blend with much more distinct patterns . 
  even in 500ad the people living on the south coast of england were intermarrying with people on the north coast of france since their lives often revolved around travelling across the channel and fishing the sea . 
  fast forward 1000 years and there 's a huge rise in travel and immigration due to the improvements in travel technology . 
  would would n't find anyone that genetically resembles a certain tribe from a certain place these days . 
  you are correct about the culture being pushed westwards though . 
  whether the migrating central europen tribes committed genocide on the locals or just defeated them in battle and then incorporated them into their culture afterwards , they definitely supplanted the native culture with their own . 
  religion , language , and everything else . 
  people , and i hate to say it but especially americans , do have a particularly vindictive attitude towards people once they 're accused of a crime . 
  people have very little sympathy once someone is accused of breaking the law , even sometimes from a position of completely hypocrisy when they themselves break the law . 
  it amazes me that jails in the us are often worse than the prisons themselves in terms of cell sizes , number of inmates per cell , access to basic things like washing facilities and toilets . 
  yet not a single person there has actually been found guilty . 
  that said , the japanese have a strange mentality too . 
  to be accused of a crime there is incredibly shameful , and the punishments are utterly draconian . 
  you can talk !, 
  ( and what i mean by that is that you ca n't ), 
  i do n't understand people 's obsession with `` spoilers '' . 
  for me , a book or a film is n't about coming to know certain facts about the plot , but rather the journey to get there . 
  it really does n't harm my enjoyment of something to know something about it most of the time . 
  maybe if there whole premise of the work is some massive twist like the usual suspects i 'd feel cheated , but most the time just some random significant plot fact . 
  when i 'm reading a book a do not spend any energy trying to guess the outcome , but rather enjoy what 's actually happening in the story now . 
  just something dumb like `` snape kills dumbledore '' is n't but itself very interesting , because it 's the how and why of that event that 's actually interesting , something that 's very hard to actually spoil for someone . 
  meh , mostly full of brummies who are [ `` considerably richer than yow '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aho2pxo_xai ), 
  we 're certainly not discussing celebrity juice . 
  you must be one of those simply dreadful working class sorts ... 
  sometimes i get the feeling that an alien enemy is all humanity is waiting for before we can achieve world peace and collaboration . 
  the foreign enemy is just so deeply hard coded into our psychology . 
  the moment some aliens attacked ( assuming we could actually fight them ) all the political and religious wars would be instantly forgotten about . 
  unemployment would end , people 's qualms about their needs would be forgotten , and everything would for the greater good once again . 
  every human would have a value again on the basis of their humanity alone , because they are ultimately able to contribute to our cause no matter how trivially . 
  also if i were an alien species watching humanity from afar as it rapidly pulls itself out of the dirt , technology leaping forward generation from generation , going from muskets on horseback , to tanks and planes , to nuclear weapons , to space flight , to computers the size of watches and bio-engineered plagues within one potential human lifespan , all the while devising new ways to kill each other from thousands of miles away then i 'd be worrying . 
  assuming we do n't blow ourselves up , what are we going to be like in 500 years . 
  star trek paints a nice picture of what humanity will hopefully be like , but let 's be realistic , starship troopers gives us the most realistic portrayal of human nature going . 
  notice how in star trek how many of the aliens are so human like , which emphasises their humanity , this is unlikely to be the case if we ever find life in the universe . 
  hell , maybe starship troopers did n't go far enough , perhaps the reality of it is warhammer 40k . 
  humans are just a plague waiting to be unleashed onto and unprepared galaxy . 
  we think the klingons are funny with their barbaric warlike culture in star trek , but maybe we 're the klingons , just even more deceptive and insidious , yearning to conquer who galaxy and assimilate it to our needs . 
  we do n't really live in a world of drone warfare in the sense that human pilots can be removed from the craft . 
  drones are now used of reconnaissance and targeted bombing runs . 
  their unique advantage is that drone bombers can be flown lower , which puts them at greater risk , which helps to visually identify targets , particularly useful for strikes in places with civilians . 
  fighter drones however are still a long way off . 
  also for bombing larger targets there 's no advantage to using a drone . 
  i do n't really think that 's comparable though to be honest . 
  the presence of europeans in the americas was a much more confusing affair , not a single enemy that posed guaranteed destruction . 
  i 'd look more at ww2 and how its legacy basically settled a unification of western power between countries that had a history of war and disagreement that still exists today . 
  i 'm not above some low brow humour , but i draw the line at keith lemon to be honest !, 
   historically , we know this to be false . 
  there is a temporary reprieve during the threat , but once peace is established and the nation-state 's social structure is left largely unchanged , everything will go back to the old petty bullshit . 
  to get major reform , you would need major devastation . 
  crock ` o'shit . 
  also you 've missed the point entirely . 
   we can not know if this is faster or slower than the norm . 
  never said it was , completely irrelevant . 
   starship troopers requires an outdated form of social-order and economics called `` fascism '' . 
  take your 3rd grade patronising statements elsewhere . 
   although useful for the edge of the 20th century in combining industrial output with major inter-state warfare between disconnected economies , it really does n't have a place in the world today , let alone in 500 years . 
  this is the most reductive , arrogant , and mind numbingly stupid statement i 've had the pleasure of reading in a while . 
  naturally , the concept of fascism can not be applied in any other context than `` edge of the 20th century '' ( fascism saw its rise in the mid 20th century you fucking moron ) . 
  fascism , which actually refers to an authoritarian one party state in which national and capitalist interests are meant to be aligned , is so `` out-dated '' that it could not possible apply to future circumstances could it . 
  humanity is past the possibility of authoritarianism . 
  again you come with this stupid notion that imperial systems are `` out of date '' , as if just because something does n't apply in our lifetimes under our circumstances it could not occur in the future under different circumstances . 
  i mean have you actually ever read a book in your fucking life ? 
  i mean how old are you ? 
  twelve ? 
  i ca n't believe you 've just made that statement it 's so pretentious and douchy only a teenager with delusions of grandeur could 've formed it . 
   one species may not even be biologically adaptable enough to expand beyond the solar system as it is . 
  it may either die out or evolve before , or as it travels to other stars . 
  at no point did i suggest it was . 
  i think you 'd do well on / r/iamverysmart . 
  edit : what 's even funnier is that you call starship troopers fascist and then simultaneous define fascism as requiring inter-state warfare between disconnected economies .
