  that is a perfect example of how modern audiences are addicted to the clich\u00e9s of modern writing . 
  that was the original story , the aliens die from lack of immunity . 
  the story is n't the clich\u00e9 of the heroic human race defeating the aliens , it 's a story about the horror humanity experienced in the invasion and then lucked out to survive it . 
  a story of man 's insignificance and how an outside presence would affect our humanity . 
  it does n't require that the humans save the day through their own merit . 
  legalising and regulating the more harmful ones is the most important thing , and anyone who does n't agree with that fundamentally does n't understand why banning drugs does n't work . 
  giving a heroin user access to legal clean affordable heroin is not the same as saying , it 's fine to take heroin . 
  the old adage that criminalising something will diminish it 's occurrence or demand , and legalising something will increase it 's occurrence or demand is simply not the case with drugs . 
  i can not stand the tories attitude to social policy . 
  the economics are bad enough , but they have their theories , but we seem to be going decades back in social policy , and in a way that 's no even reflective of the british public 's attitude at all . 
  most people do not care about drugs or porn , we have always been a socially liberal society with an attitude of let people be unless they 're harming others . 
  who the fuck thinks it 's a good idea to take a tough moral stance and social matters , cameron must secretly be a closet christian or something . 
  the vast majority of people who support these types of policies , who are clearly a minority , are probably old bores who 've never seen a drug or porn in their lives . 
  lol you 're a cruel heartless bastard i see , willing to ruin lives over nothing . 
  that or a troll anyway . 
  maybe we should start throwing people in prison for playing too many hours of video games , over masturbation , or engaging in dangerous activities like skateboarding since these are clearly signs of a defective mind too . 
  i 'm pretty sure the atmosphere of paranoia this is going to bring about will contribute equally to the triggering of underlying mental health issues as the drugs to be honest . 
  waste of tax money to harass and arrest a few stoner students , just brilliant . 
  a completely arbitrary distinction that the great lord ferretocracy as ordained . 
  there are no skis in nature , therefore skiing is artificial , there are no skateboards in nature , therefore skateboarding is artificial . 
  you 're either a troll or a psycho who 's based himself on robert de niro 's character in taxi driver . 
  i 'm sure there 'll be places designated for people to drive . 
  it 's a minigame idiot . 
  got better towards the end . 
  yes they do , skis and skateboards do n't exist in nature , they are a product of artifice that let 's people artificially raise their dopamine levels by engaging in behaviours that humans would naturally not be capable of that can be damaging to their health . 
  many people have been shown not to be able to control their relationship with these artificial products , steadily engaging in more and more dangerous activities despite the risk of death and injury . 
  if only they 'd had some nice natural cannabis , something that does exist in nature , they could have achieved a similar brain chemistry naturally from the safety of their own homes . 
  society needs to ban skiing and skateboarding now , putting people who do it in prison it will condition the future generations of humanity understand their innate inability to moderate such behaviours , and then when people no longer actively seek danger they wo n't need to be banned . 
   the amazing power and tools the technology revolution have given them ( this is the biggy - who could start a global business in their bedroom in the 80s ? 
  talk to a million people with a laptop ? 
  find virtually any information from their phone ? 
  access decades worth of entertainment for free from a tablet ? 
  see ken barlows craggy face caked with makeup in 47 '' hd glory ? ), 
  i think it 's really myopic of you to think the youth are not aware of this when most the people involved in successful tech start ups and the industry generally are under 35 , and really ridiculously for a generation who lived in the age ( pre-thatcher ) when the principles of government economic policy were focussed on keeping employment and wages up to start extolling the virtues of self-employment . 
  yes , we live in an age of opportunity where the information about anything is at our finger tips , however you ca n't expect many people to go it alone , that 's absurd , we are n't all enterprising , self-confident or even intelligent , yet we all deserve a stake in society , a liveable wage , and a chance to better ourselves in return for our labour . 
  edit : i 'll also add that better access to entertainment and more advanced healthcare is no substitute for not being able to own your own home or amass enough wealth to retire before you 're ( for us most likely ) 70 years old . 
  one is doing an artificial activity using an artificial device that would not exist were it not for human artifice in order to artificially affect your brain chemistry and mood , the other is imbibing a naturally occurring plant matter that naturally has mood altering affects . 
  clearly cannabis should be legal and we should have 5 year prison sentences for skateboarding and skiing , after all , artificially affecting your brain chemistry is inherently immoral . 
  lol chill out . 
  people used to hunt and kill their own food , and some enjoyed doing this , but with the advent of agriculture people no longer needed to do it . 
  yet there were groups of enthusiasts who still wanted to engage in the activity , so we designated places for them to do so . 
  driving is exactly the same , anyway , i 'm sure even the more ardent driving fans do n't enjoy inner city driving , imagine how much quicker your commute would be with a line of cars that can move through that red light simultaneously rather than waiting for every arsewipe to react to the light change , put down his morning coffee , and get into gear . 
  i 'm pretty sure the premise of that film was that driving was banned because of an oil shortage anyway , not because we had a far safer more efficient alternative . 
  the problem with this is , having seen the real trailer , we already know that all the bullshit unfunny pseudo comedy will be in the film anyway , so they 're not even going to trick us into not realising that . 
  as far as i can make out the song goes :, 
  that tastes so splendid and is hugely large , super dickmans !, 
  that is super and fresh and must immediately ( go ) onto the table , super dickmans !, 
  which is so marvellously fun when they kiss so truly , super dickmans !, 
  edit : [ oh look there 's more ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=15&amp;v=in3sshtqxny ) , with even more dick . 
  not for long by way things are going . 
  also cannabis is virtually decriminalised , you must lie awake a night in anger at the thought of all those people enjoying smoking a bit of weed and then going about their business as if it were nothing . 
  so i guess someone like richard branson , who has publicly come out as saying he 's smoked weed a number of times , has had something go wrong in his life . 
  your assumption that the only reason someone might enjoy smoking weed is because there 's something wrong with them is fucking stupid . 
  plenty of people who can and do have fun without weed , also choose to occasionally use weed for recreational fun despite there being nothing wrong with them or their lives . 
  also if you feel sad for them , why are you suggesting we put them in prison ?? 
  seriously , you make no sense . 
  nice to see that she can actually sing her songs unlike some artists i imagine . 
  a british programme that came out before tony blair was prime minister ?? 
  which begs the question , should you be condoning the imprisonment of people and dictating social policy on the basis of a feeling ? 
  maybe you should consider that fact that you 're wrong ... 
   white irish ~ ~ slaves ~ ~ were treated worse than any other ~ ~ race ~ ~ * white people * in the us, 
  ftfy, 
  [ i only said i done it so they 'd take mi ` cock out the bacon slicer ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3erxpdlym9q ), 
  valet has a totally different function to the butler to be honest . 
  a butler is head of the household , he answers the front door , manages all the other staff and is the go between for the family and the staff . 
  however in bigger houses you might have a house steward above the butler , who takes on the managerial responsibilities , and in this case the butler would be 2nd to him , and only in charge of the management of the footmen and the receiving of guests . 
  a valet is assigned to one male member of the household , and he 's in charge of dressing that man , keeping his clothing in order , making sure he has all the things he needs with him for any given occasion . 
  if that man went away the valet would go with him to ensure he was properly dressed and equipped for what he was doing , the male version of a handmaiden . 
  a butler would stay at home . 
  a footman is essentially a waiter , he serves the food , and waits upon the family when they 're at leisure to ensure they do n't need anything brought to them . 
  other jobs are housekeeper - head female role , in charge of cleaning , cooking and female staff . 
  maid - essentially a cleaner, 
  handmaiden / handmaid - female version of a valet for female members of the house, 
  governess - tutor to the children until they go to school, 
  nurse - essentially a nanny, 
  cook - head of the actual cooking , but accountable to the housekeeper, 
  kitchen maid - cook 's assistants, 
  scullery maid - pot wash , cleans the kitchen / cellars / pantry, 
  coachman ( later chauffeur ) - drive the coaches / cars, 
  groom - in charge of looking after and breeding horse, 
  head groundsman - in charge of the gardens / land, 
  groundsman - basically a gardener . 
  you must 've been a country bumpkin . 
  nobody in london / paris / new york could think that . 
  to be fair if he has an aga he 's probably rich and that 's what you 're meant to do . 
  you say that , but i grew up on a shoe string , we were pretty middle class but we always had mortgages and cheap food and were only able to afford anything because both parents worked full time with really regular jobs on average pay . 
  before i was 18 i 'd been out of europe 3 times , to the us and to asia . 
  it 's not just a size thing it 's also to do with mentality . 
  you certainly have quite a few people that employ an equivalent amount of staff , quite a few thousand worldwide i imagine , however obviously the roles have changed . 
  nobody has footmen to help dress them , and the repairing of clothes has becomes pointless when people can just buy new stuff for relatively less . 
  however , there are loads of families around the world who employ 40 + people in their household . 
  especially in places like se asia and the middle east . 
  the the west things are obviously a lot more low key and ill defined these days . 
  you were never all that frankly . 
  americans are always saying this but never giving a reason why . 
  there 's a reason you have states , to break down the administrative process . 
  if 40 european countries can manage something in varying degrees , why ca n't states , there 's no logic to it . 
  le edge, 
  there 's also something called mental illness , which makes people prone to beliefs like this . 
   in that region seems to be favored over class in determining dialect,
