  nah mate , you fuck off . 
  you started this stupid fucking conversation by not even checking if `` fitted '' is considered standard some dictionaries before you started laying into someone about their grammar . 
  a quick google or check of the oxford english dictionary ( the most popular in the world fyi ) would 've enlightened you . 
  it 's cute how intolerant many north americans are of linguistic variety . 
  i guess that 's a product of not having a language of your own . 
  i do n't hate anyone . 
  you must be full of hate for jumping on someone for using a word you 're not accustomed to . 
  hell , even if fitted was n't a correct word , which it is , why fuck do you care if someone uses it . 
  i barely knew her , i stopped seeing her a few weeks afterwards , did n't knowingly run into her again ever thank god . 
  she was totally crazy with deep seated emotional issues , older than me , somewhat overweight , and into punk rock and nu metal . 
  i did n't even really want to bang her , we were both drunk , she was upset i did n't like her and was interested in her friend , started crying , i tried to console her , she went for my junk and the rest is history . 
  classic psycho bitch elicit sympathy and turn it into sex manoeuvre , i should 've known better . 
  god knows how she ended up , i hope she sorted herself out but if i had to bet i 'd bet on her being on benefits with a bunch of kids and no life prospects now . 
  on a more positive note , my first real girlfriend , rather than the girl i lost my virginity with turned out to be a pretty cool person and we 've stayed friends for 15 years . 
  we 're very different people and we go through phases of drifting apart and becoming friends again , and we live a long way from each other , but she 's one of the few people still in my life from that teenage era , and she 's a pretty cool person . 
  no it does n't entirely shield you , but it makes the impact less significant and it will be for the uk . 
  make no mistake about this , the eu can hurt the uk more than the uk can hurt the eu . 
  no , they wo n't destroy their own economies just to spite us , but they can leverage their power to punish us without damaging their own economies too significantly . 
   given how expensive it 'll be for companies to move over just for tariff-free trade, 
  there 's a big problem with this sentence , which is `` just tariff-free trade '' , a set of words that should never be uttered together . 
  you 're seriously underestimating its value . 
  while a few percent tariff might not sound like a big deal , it equates to hundreds of millions to these companies over the course of a year . 
  you 're also overestimating the cost of movement . 
  most of these companies already have operations abroad , it 's just a matter of slowly winding down here and funnelling money that would be going into the uk somewhere else . 
  it 's also incredibly cheap to move services abroad , though harder for manufacturing . 
  i mean there are people who commute from paris to london every single day , it 's just a matter of relocating core staff to paris or frankfurt and renting office space , then you can immediately start adapting to the new operating environment . 
  that 's massive overly simplified . 
  this is binary choice of fuck the economy or do n't fuck the economy . 
  the real question is how much can they afford to fuck us while protecting their own interests . 
  yes i 've seen the chart . 
  it does n't change the fact that the eu is in a stronger position than us . 
  for every 10 euros they deny themselves the uk with lose 12 . 
  it then becomes a game of chicken to see to will concede first , and you ca n't deny they have the advantage . 
   as for the `` just tariff-free trade '' part , it was in comparison to what we have now with all the political integration in addition to free trade . 
  no idea how the fits what you said . 
   and given how expensive it 'll be for companies to move over just for tariff-free trade you 'd somehow need the uk to fall in to a deep recession while the eu managed to get away with it in order for it to even be attractive . 
  the companies will move over for tariff free trade , it will save them hundreds of millions in the long term , which is preferable than merely saving yourself the one off hit of moving operations to an eu country . 
  if you think it 's that simple you 're not too bright . 
  for example , there are plenty of situations which would lead to a comparatively larger hit in to the uk but only result in a far more manageable hit in the eu , giving the eu power when it comes to those issues in the negotiations . 
  furthermore , there are also potential situations that could result in a drop in the amount of money coming into the eu from the uk , resulting in a negative impact on eu economies short term , but benefit the eu long term due to the business they could gain from that move . 
  the eu is balancing economic stability with protecting its political union , they will be willing to fuck themselves to some degree just to make sure the uk suffers consequences . 
  of course they 're not going to stop all trade and destroy their economies out of spite , but they 'll be able to make moves that are not beneficial to the uk while balancing that with a need to protect the eu economies . 
   what 's the confusion ? 
  having `` just free trade '' is going to be markedly different than what we have now in terms of political integration . 
  except what you said was that companies wo n't move over `` just for free trade '' , when in reality plenty will . 
  in the context you said it it had nothing to do with political integration . 
  the question is whether companies will move abroad if they can avoid tariffs in doing so , the answer is that many will . 
  all in all i think you 're way too optimistic about this . 
  yes , the eu is n't going to just stop doing business with the uk , an act that would destroy both the uk and the eu economies , but what matters is that they 're undoubtedly in the better negotiation position . 
  yes , the eu economies may be less resilient , but they do n't have anything like the degree of uncertainty that the uk is facing . 
  when the uk leave the eu will have a new trading relationship with one country , whereas the uk will be stepping into a bold new world with little guarantee of anything . 
  sorry , i 've just become increasingly hostile to simplifications lately , so much bad information going around . 
  you are quite right , i think either retaining freedom of movement and changing nothing , or taking hits in finance and other sectors where the eu thinks they can benefit long term from a transfer of business to inside the eu, 
  i hate this `` geek culture '' . 
  guys with blue hair , girls with extra thick glasses . 
  geek or nerd culture is so mainstream now that you may as well give up the pretence of it being anything but mainstream . 
  where i grew in the uk in the 90s , liking comic books and video games beyond the age of about 12 was highly stigmatised , often because people found an interest in `` kid 's stuff '' unbecoming on people beyond a certain age , and people often read into that some deeper social problem , like being gay , and things were way more homophobic back then . 
  most of the parents wanted their sons out playing football and chasing girls . 
  this would make a man of you . 
  ironically have a picture of alan shearer on your wall made you normal , but having a picture of some fantasy art made you an oddball . 
  it was somewhat a chicken or the egg thing . 
  liking these things made you socially outcast and unusual , and only socially outcast kids were in a position to advertise their interest in those things . 
  lots of people hid their interest in such things because they wanted to fit in , and only kids who were already on the outside would be in a position to develop an interest in those things . 
  the reason you had nerds and geeks in the older sense of the meaning was because society ostracised people with such interests , so they were unpopular . 
  and because people who were already socially ostracised , due to social anxiety or whatever , were the only ones with nothing to lose by engaging with these things at a serious level and showing off that side of themselves to people . 
  hell , i remember back then even admitting that you interacted a stranger on the internet was fucking weird , with an attitude `` billy no mates , ca n't you find friends in real life ? 
  '' , spending long amounts of time at a computer for pleasure , rather than work or school , was considered borderline indicative of some type of dark sexual perversion that could n't be satisfied in real life . 
  nowadays the terms are used meaninglessly , because that stigma no longer exists in anything like the same way , everyone games , having an interest in sci-fi is n't weird , even homophobia is massively reduced . 
  truth is , society was very resilient to these forms of entertainment , there was a strong prescriptive notion that that kind of entertainment is for children , and adults should either be working or going outside with friends , watching/playing sports , drinking alcohol , and trying to copulate with each other , which such entertainment was n't perceived as being in line with . 
  i think for older generations , when they saw people playing video games or nerding out over comic books / sci-fi , what they really could n't understand how people were benefiting from it . 
  a sports club provides you a social group , a hobby like fishing got you out in the great outdoors , even a cinema could be a covert way to make out with a girl , they saw people spending hours on games or reading fantasy and they jumped to the conclusion that it must have some unhealthy grip on people 's mind , and thus a stigma was born . 
  people are downvoting you because when german people say that bavaria is n't germany they mean cultural , not legally . 
  this was patently obviously to every else , so your protestations just make you look dumb . 
  well obviously if the uk retains free trade in all its forms then business wo n't care that much . 
  the political is only a very small factor in their decision . 
  i am also pointing out what experts are saying , the eu economies may be more fragile , but politically the uk 's position is far more dangerous , making new deals with everyone is going to put us at a disadvantage that the eu does n't have . 
  the scots like mountains too , they just tend to be very damp and crap for skiing . 
  so the thing is that nobody can tell you what will happen to you because nobody even knows what we 're doing yet . 
  if we stay in the single market and retain freedom of movement then the change is n't going to be very big at all . 
  virtually nothing will change , the uk will just get to opt out of certain laws , and will probably not become more integrated with the eu while the fully fledged members move closer together . 
  however , the biggest thing for you will probably be education changes . 
  if we have a fully fledged brexit then you will probably end up being treated like anyone else who comes from outside the eu if you want to attend a university in a eu state ( something that is happening more frequently due to the fees ) . 
  probably is that different member states treat non-eu students differently . 
  in some countries it 's free for everyone regardless of their nationality , for some it 's only free for eu citizens , and for some it 's only free for nationals . 
  sometimes tuition costs differ depending on which you are . 
  you may lose access to certain things like the erasmus programme too which offers many ways to study abroad for a year or so , but this is uncertain . 
  another big change will be visas . 
  if you want to study abroad in an eu country you 'll need a student visa , if you want to work abroad you 'll need a work visa , going on holiday in the eu wo n't change however , because even in a harsh brexit scenario there would be a system of visa waivers in place . 
  otherwise , as a 16 year old you probably wo n't notice the impact . 
  it will be there , for example there might be a recession , but it wo n't be impacting you directly , just indirectly because there 's fewer jobs than there would 've been . 
  that was good for a laugh . 
  i hope poland invades us and gets rid of idiots like you . 
  remember to use `` an '' before words that begin with ~ ~ vowels . ~ ~ vowel sounds . 
  for example : an hour/honour , but a university/euphemism, 
  are you german ? 
  it 's chow :d, 
  she has a skinny body but still manages to have the face of a whale . 
  really , why is that ? 
  number of contradictions coming out of the government right now is ridiculous . 
  we 're leaving the single market,
