  why not do away with irregular verbs and irregular plurals too ? 
  it would rather arrogant of me to expect the german speaking nations to change their language just because i struggle to remember if it 's `` der steig '' or `` das steig '' . 
  you 're not just asking them to change their language , but something that is inherent to their very culture and identity , asking them to change just because you do n't like it is myopic in the extreme . 
   given the choice i would n't be using english either but as you 've kindly pointed out , i do n't get a choice in this matter now do i ? 
  english is the de facto lingua franca and i ca n't decide not to speak it . 
  esperanto would 've been the better choice , but no . 
  nobody on this planet could be arsed . 
  and if it were up to you which perfect language would you choose to be the world language , because i can assure that asides conlangs ( which do n't have the problems of natural languages because of only having a small community of speakers and almost no 1st language speakers ) all languages have their inconsistencies and qualities that make them difficult for people trying to learn them . 
  if you truly speak 5 languages you should be well aware that there 's no such thing as an easy language , each just has a different flavour of difficult . 
  english is n't considered a hard language overall though . 
  it 's spelling is probably its biggest complicating factor . 
  assuming a conlang is out of the question ( which it is ) , such as esperanto , which language is easier ? 
  i 'm not trying to argue with you , i 'm trying to make you see that your assumption that english spelling is a bad system and it unquestioningly should be changed is a bit naive . 
  furthermore , regardless of the status of english as the world language , it might be misguided to start holding it to a different standard than one would hold any other natural language . 
  why should english change simply because history has resulted in its becoming the the world language ? 
  if it were french or german i bet people would complain about their foibles much as you are now . 
  that was amazing , how have i never seen that before ? 
   and that includes the right to vote . 
  not for the huge number of them who were banned from participating in the referendum on account of their being too long out of the country . 
  one thing that has become transparently clear is that nobody gives a fuck about british people living abroad . 
  to the right wing types we 're traitors who 've bailed on britain plc and are now responsible for making our own way in the world . 
  to the left wing our situation is unfortunate but we 're all considered to be rich ex-pats who will be fine dealing with visas unlike the economic migrants in the uk who are their only priority . 
  there 's such a mythos in britain that the only britons living abroad are either sun seeking pensioners or highly skilled professionals who 've been lured out of britain by high salaries . 
  in reality a lot of the young britons living abroad did so after being completely shat on by the british labour market , and just had enough after we were given a choice between jobseekers or zero hour contracts on unlivable wages doing stuff that we 're way overqualified for . 
  for the first time in my life at the arse end of my 20s i 've actually been able to start building a semblance of a career for myself in europe ( where amazingly the quality treatment you receive as a worker is n't directly tied to the size of your salary ) but sadly my passport had to belong to the only nation arrogant enough to take itself out of the eu for no tangible benefit whatsoever . 
  i literally came here as an economic migrant to get escape the shitty employment prospects in the bordering on third world nation that is britain . 
  it 's about time britain woke up to the reality of how bad it 's become . 
  if i were ever to have to return there i 'd be back at square one looking at working in retail or a very junior administrative position . 
  assuming i 'm even eligible for one when this is over . 
  given no agreement has been made anything could happen . 
  i do n't disagree with any of that but its still not like anyone puts our well being particularly high on the agenda . 
   but i do n't know who thought it was a good idea preserving spelling instead of phonetics when borrowing words from other languages . 
  does it really matter if you can tell entrepreneur comes from french unless you 're studying etymology ? 
  there you go again assuming that the people that made that decision were somehow less able to weigh the respective benefits of each system than you are able to . 
  as i said before the situation in the uk was different . 
  a wide dialect continuum existed by it was mostly mutually intelligible , unlike german which was not . 
  this mean that having people take up a standardised spoken form , was probably impossible . 
  in fact even just in the uk such a form did n't come about until the advent of audio broadcast . 
  i also do n't see why the rest of the world wanting to use english as lingua franca should mean it should be held to a different standard . 
  moreover , it 's not like people have trouble using and speaking english as non-natives even if their pronunciation is dodgy . 
  english as a language is known for being relatively easy to pick and start using straight away making oneself understood . 
  i very much doubt there will ever be enough call for spelling reforms , people can barely keep their shit together when they realise there are minor regional differences in spelling practices as it stands e.g colour vs color . 
  your insistence on standardisation simply reminds me of this to be honest . 
  [ have fun ] ( https://xkcd.com/927/ ), 
  i did n't really , i just started faking having my shit together and then slowly little by little i started to be perceived as having more shit together than i did formerly . 
  now i 'm at the stage where i appear to partially have my shit together by deep down in my heart i 'm not sure if i believe the hype . 
  still got a long road of shit togethering ahead before i 'm in a 100 % of shit is together situation . 
  point is that we 're all just faking it until we make it . 
  age definitely helps , seems the older you get the more people trust you , or at least take pity on you , and give you some semblance of respect rather than just simply doubting you from the off . 
  i also think having your shit together can depend on your ambitions in life too . 
  people who 've gone into a good trade after school seem to have their shit together because they 're consigned themselves to a life of working in that trade and have done the same thing since they were 18 years old . 
  people who 've just come out of a master 's degree might needs years to get themselves into a similar position of shit together life security . 
  it 's saint fucking paddy you walking disappointment !, 
  my word choice is just fine buddy perhaps you should take a less condescending tone . 
  if you 'd actually taken the time to understand what i 'd written then you 'd realise i was talking about german have a standardised spoken form ( which was used as a lingua franca during unification ) , on which the orthography is based , unlike english which only has a standardised written form . 
  why on earth do you think simplification is so clearly a good thing when billions of people get by just fine . 
  it 's like you 've not even considered it might not be worth it , and it will probably never happen anyway . 
  you act like simplification is unquestionably better , when in fact i 've tried to show you how phonetic orthography comes with its own host of problems . 
  if you expect everyone to immediately agree with you on this issue you 're going to be surprised . 
  there is very little call for simplification outside of some 2nd language speakers who find it frustrating to remember how each word sounds as well as looks when written . 
  especially given how spellchecks have made spelling a hell of a lot easier for the most part . 
  if english were ever to gain a simplified form ironically it would be most likely the non-anglosphere nations that would all have to start writing english that way , as it 's only there were there is a demand for simplification . 
  i 'm sure if foreign nations started doing this native speakers would easily learn how to read it , but i highly doubt they 'd forego their native writing system . 
  the reality , however , is that foreign learners of english do n't want this because they want to be able to the wealth of written information that the anglosphere holds and produces every year . 
  i 'd be careful how you phrase it though . 
  do n't implicate yourself . 
  honestly i doubt they have any way of knowing this happened to you . 
  countries like russia do n't share information that readily , and someone being refused entrance at the border is hardly a serious thing that would show up on many records . 
  it could be a similar situation as to entering the us . 
  they ask if you 've ever been convicted of a crime . 
  most countries do not share minor crime data with the us government , certainly not that the level of an ordinary holiday visa application ( intelligence agencies might have ways around this ) , but if you come clean about even a minor conviction they 'll be no sympathy , you 'll be sent straight back . 
  often the petty bureaucrats in border control agencies feel like it 's their duty to kick back anyone on any grounds they can muster . 
  to me it seems quite questionable whether being refused entry at the border would even constitute being deported , removed , or excluded ( you never technically entered the country ) . 
  in fact i 'm 99 % sure it would n't . 
  but do you really want to leave your fate in the hands of some sub 100 iq rule stickling possibly xenophobic border agency small time bureaucrat ? 
  these people have no sympathy in face of the rule infractions ( literally why they 're selected for the job ) and delight in catching people out . 
  if you confess upon entering the country you look guilty anyway because even if what you did did n't constitute an offence that would make you ineligible , the fact that you were n't sure and are only now asking the question makes them think you 're the kind of person who wants to avoid the rules and could immediately set them against you . 
  also government agencies are notorious for inconsistencies and you can get a totally different response depending on which petty bureaucrat you get assigned to . 
  imo , if you ask the question ask it in the abstract , do n't implement yourself , and honestly i think you 're worrying about nothing . 
  there 's no way this should exclude you ( but some bastard might interpret it so if you tell them ) but in reality there 's no way for them to know this happened , so imo it 's better to stfu about it and not worry . 
  i think we can say with almost 100 % certainty that russia does n't share this kind of information with nz , but even if they do , that might be the time to address the issue . 
  i find it almost inconceivable that being refused entry at the border would constitute being deported , removed , or excluded ( you were not excluded because you are still free to get a russian visa and return to russia if you so desire ) . 
  you never technically entered the country as you did n't pass customs/passport control . 
  essentially what you did is no different from if you 'd approached the russian border in finland and were turned away from entry due to lack of a visa . 
  people do n't get refused visas for a country simply because they tried and failed to enter totally different country due to not having the proper paperwork . 
  imo it would look better if you did n't tell them this , and only mentioned after they happened to confront you about it ( which they almost certainly wo n't due to not knowing about it ) because if this happened you can honestly say were dead certain that you did n't do anything wrong , than if you reveal it after making arrangements to travel there but prior to your actually arriving . 
  they will most likely read this as a last minute confession of something you were trying to conceal but lost your nerve . 
  if you confess it looks like you think you did something wrong , which might make them suspect you were trying to enter russia on false pretences without a visa , when in fact all you really did was make a foolish error and not realise you needed a visa before you could enter . 
  it 's actually the reality that border control agencies have so little power to verify what you 're saying about your history in a foreign country that contributes to their ethos of pure suspicion and their lack of sympathy for those who come clean about potential minor infractions . 
  you should always present yourself as treating rules and regulations with the utmost severity when dealing with border control . 
  the excuse of `` i did n't know/understand '' is not something they are sympathetic with . 
  i would personally not worry about it . 
  the last thing you want to do is start asking the border force questions , they could well interpret it as a confession of guilt regardless of whether what you did was actually an infraction of the rules , and they could use that to cast doubt on your character and look to prevent your entry . 
  point is that you wo n't have your immigration lawyer with you if you give them reason to question you , so why risk it . 
  honestly i think there 's a much higher chance to something going wrong if you `` are honest '' ( ironic but that 's the absurdity of immigration law ) than if you keep stumm . 
  do n't get paranoid , governments like to project an image of being all knowing but you 'd be surprised how little they actually collaborate with each other outside of very serious matters . 
  tl ; dr : we can be 99 % certain that russia does n't share data as they really are n't all the friendly with the west ( russia is a complete organisational mess anyway , it 's highly likely that the records of your attempted arrival did n't even make it as far as the next state over ) , and we can be 99 % certain that what happened to you does n't constitute an infraction of the visa rules , but we can be 100 % that a last minute acknowledgement of something perhaps being amiss will trigger alarm bells in the border controls heads and lead to far more added complication . 
  fair enough , she may well be lying about it showing up on a border alert by the way . 
  immigration offices regularly lie about the information they have available , or at very least conflate the information they could theoretically obtain with the information they actually have at hand . 
  i would n't stress it .
