  not a school music teacher even , just someone who tutors kids in a variety of instrument on a 1 to 1 basis . 
  not a composer , or a conductor or even a musician in a world class orchestra as everyone was telling him he 'd be , just someone who 'll teach your 10 year old his piano grades . 
  i mean seriously was it worth it ? 
  to give him the kind of life he had just so he could tutor children ? 
  sure he was a world class ten year old musician , but by the time he was 20 he just an ordinary musician and nobody cared about his talent as a youth . 
  adults really do act terribly around gifted children , ruin their chances of a normal life all the hope that they 'll go on the be a big star one day . 
  is it really better to have a shot at the title than a normal life ? 
  hell , they could be ruining these kid 's chances in reality by making them peak too early . 
  it was just sad . 
  lol there are n't many redneck types in england , and their accents tend to be charming rather than stupid . 
  i think this kid was from the north though and trying to sound like he 's from the south because that 's how fancy people tend to speak . 
  yeah germany is way more diverse than weisswurst and brotzeit , you can also have lederhosen , dirndls , krampus , ma\u00df , king ludwig , weissbier , neuschwanstein , helles , and oktoberfest !, 
  swords are a symbol of the western colonial oppression of native cultures and their use as play things is representative of the violence inherent to the system of western capitalist democracy . 
  your bringing them on campus violates students ' right to dwell in a non-threatening safe environment that does n't favour white male patriarchal ideology or make any minority group feel threatened . 
  perhaps you would like to join one of our seminar groups to be re-educated about the plight of women , ethnic minorities , non cis-gendered peoples , those whose sexualities differ from the archetypical western notion of so-called heterosexuality , and the handicapable . 
  i will , however , be required to report your act of micro-aggression to the resident equalities officer lest your actions go unpunished . 
  17 is underage in america ? 
  lol wtf ? 
  i would reckon what korean men see as desperate leftovers ( bit older , chequered past , bit larger than the average ) are not are problem to westerners because they have completely different standards ( of beauty , the role of a wife , and of morality ) . 
  i also reckon there are tonnes of highly desirable korean women who 'd take an affluent westerner who can fly her around the world , raise her kids with dual nationality , and and does n't have the same expectations of her as a wife as the average korean husband ( child rearing , housework , putting her career second to his own etc. ) . 
  koreans are on average pretty fucking conservative by western standards and i 'm sure many desirable korean women would prefer the western way of things , just as many probably do not , it 's a matter of personal taste . 
  i 've noticed that there is some streaks of supreme arrogance in korean and japanese cultures , all westerners must be losers back home right ? 
  all local women who decide to date outside their culture must be desperate slappers who could n't get a decent local guy , right ? 
  seriously , you 're getting downvoted because you 're a dick not because you 've angered white redditors . 
  lol let me a guess . 
  another american who got all butthurt because he tried to pose real questions to celebrities rather than the usual banal crap while not being a known face in america . 
  how dare this well respected british journalist with decades of experience reporting real news under his belt piss off american national treasures like quentin tartanino and robert downey jnr !, 
  i do n't know who he is !, 
  it was meant to be satire , never mind , i 'll pay the downvote price . 
  [ in some places it is ] ( http://poykpac.com/cfg/know-your-ages-of-consent-final.jpg ), 
  no it 's not . 
  17 is underage in the us , just not all part of the us . 
  does n't change the fact you can sleep with a 17 year old in the us and it would be considered rape . 
  damn near photo-realistic !, 
  how is either palatable ? 
  seriously fuck off, 
  lol those fucking retards . 
  all in a days work you generous bastard !, 
  temba , his arms open, 
  what ? 
  i do n't speak american , but at my university final exams counted for 50 % of your final degree . 
  lol i 'm not even american . 
  it was just weird . 
  waste loads of bread . 
  cook dome shaped egg . 
  cook veg in dome shaped hot plate . 
  wear weird yellow bag . 
  that 's not my opinion at all really , especially regarding the tarantino interview . 
  personally i think that one was magic . 
  he successfully baited tarantino into making himself look an absolute fool . 
  had he just calmly stopped the interview he would have come off the winner but instead he started egocentrically ranting . 
  the fault also lies with the celebrities pr teams letting him interview him in the first place . 
  the kind of soft interview these hollywood stars expect is usually done by minor journalists or at least those that specialise in entertainment . 
  instead they got one of the uk 's biggest anchors . 
  someone who interviews politicians all the time , whose liked by millions of viewer , and really does n't need celebrity interviews at all really . 
  it did n't hurt krishnan 's career one jot within the uk to ask those questions , and i do n't think he has any intention of working abroad . 
  the rdj interview was probably a bit of a cheaper , more personal blow admittedly . 
  however , even then i was appalled by how people in the us got their pitchforks out at that . 
  seems that in the us people relate to celebrities way more personally than in the uk , seemingly forgetting that this is show business , with an emphasis on the business side of things . 
  imo it 's the job of journalists who ask impertinent questions and not give public figures an easy run of it . 
  public figures can then either answer those questions or deflect them , they can even black list that journalist after the interview if they want , but they are n't owed an easy go of things simply because they are such big stars . 
  the irony being that the us media hardly gives stars an easy time , just look at people like charlie sheen , perhaps they just wait until the tide of public opinion turns against them though . 
  another argument i heard a lot at the time was that the issues krishnan raised has already been asked about , that these issues had already been put to bed in the us media , but this might not be the case for uk audiences , who were still interested to hear about them given that television news media is not something the us exports in any large quantity . 
  it would 've been a far smarter move on behalf of the celebrities to respect that the 64 million potential consumers in the uk might still be interested in hearing about those things . 
  seems that opinions on krishnan interviews are totally split on national basis . 
  most british people thinking good on him for going against grain and trying to get something other than the typical promotional mulch out of these celebrities and most americans getting up in arms about how what they perceive as a total nobody daring to ask inconvenience their beloved hollywood heroes . 
  it amazes me how at ease the us audience is why these banal `` promotional interviews '' that simply sell the films , or to put it a different way the dichotomy between political interviews and celebrity ones , when many of these celebrities hold just as much power to influence people as politicians often do . 
  that seems super easy !, 
  here you get a grade for your university degree , and if it 's too low your degree wo n't be worth the paper it 's printed on . 
  here 50 % is coursework including dissertation and 50 % is your exam grades . 
  no pressure . 
  anything 's a dildo if you 're brave enough . 
  * abraham lincoln, 
  chad ? 
  your hot topic kids sound more like uk kids in the early 2000s . 
  band hoodies + skinny jeans and eye liner were nigh on mandatory then . 
  i saw it at the cinema , cried and had to be taken home . 
  i wonder how many white english people can claim have pure english bloodlines going back to before the romans colonised us . 
  none i would imagine . 
  we 're mostly just french , german , scandinavian cross breeds anyway . 
  yeah it 's funny how some germans are around spice . 
  if someone is convicted of a crime and goes to prison and nobody else can provide for them then obviously they go into care . 
  however , nobody 's kids should go into care simply because they ca n't meet bail on a crime they are merely accused of . 
  juries are becoming more and more a thing of the past even within the common law systems . 
  some people here are going to shit a brick at your suggestion though because they were brought up with the notion of `` twelve men good and true '' and `` you have a right to be tried by a jury of your peers '' and so forth . 
  it 's a slightly romanticised notion in anglophone culture . 
  personally i think a number of lay judges acting in a jury like capacity is a far more efficient system . 
  juries are open to being manipulated so readily by a skilled barrister . 
  no , but it should n't based around how much someone can afford to pay . 
  either someone is considered too dangerous to be let out and should be imprisoned without bail awaiting trial , or someone should be bailed at a means tested rate . 
  also judges should take into account things like whether the accused has children . 
  we have technology like ankle tags these days at can quickly tell us if someone is attempting to flee charges anyway . 
  jails are an important part of how the legal system works . 
  however , nobody should be sitting in jail for long periods of time while someone richer than them accused of the same crime walks free . 
  nor should someone have their kids taken into care simply because they lack the money to meet bail . 
  in most countries jail is reserved only for those accused of the most serious crimes and those who are a proven flight risk . 
  the us uses jail like an business to make money . 
  also in most countries someone is either seen as fit to be released awaiting charges or not , how much of a bond they can put up considered irrelevant to the question of whether they should walk free while the process continues . 
  this guy , chris stark is like scott mill 's karl pilkington ( not the same type of personality obviously ) , the similarities are there . 
  gervais was a radio dj , pilkington was someone who worked on the radio crew that they all thought was hilarious so brought him on at a contributor , exactly the same kind of shit happened to chris .
