  look at the people in the documentary . 
  they are now a highly influential demographic people who did n't make a difference to the world in the slightest . 
  you also lived your youth through a time of significantly better economic prosperity . 
  you want to know why the following generation was n't counter-cultural , anti-fashion , anti-corporate ? 
  because we saw how your generation failed to make a jot of difference or keep to your supposed ideals . 
  it 's swings and roundabouts my friend . 
  better to be honestly shallow and superficial , authentically reflecting the zeitgeist of the era , than hypocritically counter cultural , and that 's how your generation will be perceived . 
  just as the hyper-capitalism and egoism of the 80s was a direct reaction on the try hard far outness of the 70s . 
  the 00s will remember as the direct reaction to the lame smug pseudo-ethical manufactured counter culture of the 90s . 
  and what a cool event even be ? 
  i 'm really not that old , i started going to those events when i was 16 , most of my friends are in their mid 20s . 
  no amount of cool friends is suddenly going to make high quality md available in large quantities are it was in those days , no amount of cool friends are going to change the fact that the police are geared up to detect and shut down unlicensed events these days , nothing is going to stop their being far more little urban thugs ready to ruin a good night out these days either . 
  what on earth are you talking about ? 
  it 's a dreadful book because dawkins is to legimate philosophical atheism what dan brown is to james joyce in fiction . 
  it 's nothing to do with their beliefs , it 's how they get there and the way they argue for them i do n't like . 
  [ it 's his rendition of `` georgia on my mind '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fnlw0idfkda ) that 's the connection there . 
  he may be from texas but he sure likes georgia . 
  anyway i did n't know he was from texas nor that walking dead is set in georgia so i 've learnt something . 
  i did n't say they were shit . 
  i just mean that whatever the rave generation thought they were creating did n't last very long . 
  i 'm not actually . 
  i just think that the rave generation went the same way as any misguided counter cultural movement . 
  frankly i think many people today are either engaged with real change or honestly apathetic rather than sitting in a field off their tits talking about how their changing the world , except maybe juggalos . 
  true , and i do n't mind that in particular , i do mind that he 's become the face of a movement though , wilfully or not . 
  ca n't believe they pay someone to cook your food for you at university . 
  starving part of the character building university experience . 
  ca n't believe they pay someone to cook your food for you at university . 
  starving part of the character building university experience . 
  im sorry that is bs . 
  whilst they shouldnt be allowed to conceive or marry the idea that they will be legally prosecuted is abhorrent . 
  something very freudian about this . 
  are you sure the aliens arent representative of other urges . 
  that assumes all lifeforms go extinct and also that with sufficient technology space travel over extreme distances isnt possible though . 
  who 's to say certain species arent able to travel in virtually no time at all . 
  who 's to say certain species have become self sufficient even beyond the heat death of their native sun . 
   the reason we send people to jail is to make an example that the behaviour will not be tolerated . 
  this is only a small part of why the prison system exists . 
  its principal function is protect society from those who are a threat to it . 
  furthermore why should n't it be tolerated , if no harm is caused to society by the existence of incestuous couples . 
  who the fuck are we not to tolerate it . 
  i 'm not saying make it technically legal , i 'm not saying let them marry , i 'm not saying that any pregnancies should n't be aborted or that there should n't be harsh penalties for any couples who conceive children out of incest . 
  but where is the warrant to hand down harsh penalties for the mere existence of incestuous relationships . 
  they do not cause harm and therefore there is no grounding to deter them with heavy custodial sentences . 
  furthermore i 'll add there is nothing inherently abhorrent about incest . 
  the social taboos around the practice exist purely because they serve a genetic function of prevented inbreeding . 
  with the inbreeding element removed it 's nothing more than two consenting adults choosing to live their life in a way contrary to ordinary practice . 
  should we encourage it ? 
  obviously not . 
  should people serve jail time for it provided they act in a responsible fashion ? 
  absolutely not . 
  which is why you have the strong penalties for bearing children from incest . 
  punish people when they cause the harm , not before . 
  nobody 's saying legalise the act of incest , but the idea that there needs to be strong punishments for individuals merely engaging in the act lest incest becomes the new popular thing is absurd . 
  people are n't going to start fucking their siblings in droves if you remove the harsh penalties for the act . 
  all harsh penalties for individual who engage in contraceptive incest is doing is harming people who 've caused no harm themselves and would probably be best suited to psychiatric help not prison . 
  help they will be dissuaded from seeking due to the possibility of legal ramifications . 
  who 's to say they do n't manufacture millions of drones to systematically map the galaxy , each capable of travelling millions of light years in moments and autonomously performing surveillance . 
  high levels of sass and fierceosity were detected . 
  german dictionary aficionados ? 
  i 'm sorry but it is , i see really stupid memes being posted there all the time and everyone is like `` fuck yeah !, 
  except i 'm not . 
  i actually have studied the philosophy of religion and understand its subtleties , subtleties that `` reddit atheism '' and the era of dawkins completely ignores . 
  obviously it 's not an official movement with an official leader , it 's just clear that a new breed of atheism has arisen in the last 10 years and dawkins ' books are the archetypical example of it . 
  it 's nothing but dumbed down debate for public consumption . 
  shifts a lot of copies and get a lot of hits on youtube . 
  it 's still circlejerky and moronic . 
  this is coming from someone who is not religious , i just ca n't stand to see such issues treated with such flippancy by an non-academic following . 
  with threads like [ this ] ( http://np.reddit.com/r/atheism/comments/2tyt13/wind_made_a_double_helix_in_the_snow_checkmate/ ) it 's obviously a spunk soaked circlejerk . 
  i 'm not a fan of the unethical influences of religion if that 's what you mean . 
  i have a strong dislike of that . 
  i would just prefer not to debase the discussion without oversimplification and smug but intellectually vacuous positions . 
  it hardly encourages engagement from the other side . 
  the whole of / r/atheism just reeks of mockery and smug reinforcement of opinions to me , thus circlejerk . 
  do n't forgot thomas edison , the most glorified rip off merchant of european culture going . 
  i 'm sorry your culture ca n't innovate , that requires thousands of years of culture built on joy , hope , love and war . 
  not bailing out on your native lands and trying to polish a turd . 
  you have to realise the oscars is the worst fucking award ceremony with a massive american/hollywood bias . 
  watch this year as decent war films like `` the imitation game '' lose out to shit like `` american sniper '' . 
  the oscars are just hollywood patting itself on the back and circlejerking irrespective of artist merit . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iamnv8kmwks ) 90s as fuck, 
  really differs from person to person . 
  i think it depends on two things, 
  1 ) do they want it . 
  so many speakers learn a language but do n't really try to sound native when they speak it , they think they 'll sound silly or something . 
  it takes months or years of practice to achieve a passable accent and even then they 'll spend a lot of time [ sounding like these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vnuv2fhfy5e ), 
  2 ) how good is your ear ? 
  people who are musical tend to be better at accent that those who are n't . 
  some people will take a long time because their ears are n't sensitive to pick the precise positioning of a vowel , and will just go with an approximation that whilst comprehensible still marks them as foreign . 
  another big give away is lack of consistency between the sounds you make . 
  there 's lots of english speakers that sound vaguely like native speakers , but one word will come out british then the next will be american style and it gives them away . 
  when someone is more or less totally fluent in a language it 's a good idea to hone in on what accent you want and focus on that . 
  btw these are adult learners i 'm talking about , i reckon it 's possible for anyone to pick up a good accent in a foreign language , children are just better at it . 
  source : language teacher, 
  you realise an 1/8th is 3.5 grams right ? 
  if your dealers selling 8.2 gram 1/8th i 'd go stock up . 
  true but it 's still glamour not glamor , something about only have one - ou in the word i do n't know . 
  also films ( ca n't stand the word movie ) play at the cinema . 
  calling them theatres ( or theaters eww ) just seems so wrong . 
  not just the brits , more or less the whole world . 
  yes when we eat salad it 's fork in the right .
