  the truth is that giving everyone free access to higher education would improve our country which would ultimately benefit the economy . 
  it 's not just the higher education system that 's bad though , it 's rotten all the way down . 
   basically no , if you had free degrees youre redistributing income from taxpayers ( including the working class ) to future high earners ( not the working class ) . 
  all on average . 
  i see a 3rd class honours in your future . 
  that 's simply not true . 
  plenty of people from realschule and hauptschule go to university , it 's not just kids from the gymnasium . 
  all that attending gymnasium is give kids a straighter path to do something highly academic like physics or demanding like medicine . 
  furthermore this system has no real bearing on anything related to the cost to society . 
  a similar % of people go to university in germany as go to university in the uk . 
  not everyone is allowed to go to university here . 
  a similar percentage of germans attend university as brits . 
  because it 's the most ridiculous analysis i 've ever read . 
  it 's like reading something from a fox news pundit . 
  you are literally making the argument that the working class would be better off without access to free ( on demand ) education . 
  your argument is in many ways similar to those that argue socialised healthcare somehow disadvantages the working man . 
  it 's so overly simplistic and fundamentally flawed that only a moron could believe it . 
  let 's look at what you said . 
   basically no , if you had free degrees youre redistributing income from taxpayers ( including the working class ) to future high earners ( not the working class ) . 
  all on average . 
  so you 're saying that free on demand higher education disadvantages the working class because the people who come from working class families and go to university get higher paying jobs thus ceasing to be working class , while the ones who do n't still have to contribute income through tax towards it . 
  this definition of working class just makes me want to slam my head against the wall . 
  if `` working class '' is defined solely by being below a certain level of income , which you seem to be saying since these graduates from working class backgrounds seem to magically stop being working class when they get graduate jobs , then our goal should be to minimise the number of working class people full stop . 
  free education means not only will more children from working class backgrounds be inclined to go to university , but more children of working class backgrounds can cease to be `` working class '' and achieve salaries that take them out of the working class bracket ( greater social mobility ), 
  your argument is not only anti-working class in the long term , but it 's anti-meritocracy . 
  you 're saying that it 's no problem to dissuade a number of capable children from working class backgrounds from going to university due to high fee cost and expensive loans , what 's better is that the working class on average get a small tax break due no longer having to contribute whatever % of their income through tax towards funding this education . 
  as if this would somehow resolve working class poverty more effectively than allowing capable members of the working class to increase their likelihood of obtaining a job that pays more that would probably be taken by a middle class / upper class person were education only available to the middle class and upper class economic brackets . 
  i 'll also add that time and time again throughout history that increase access to education across the board for the population has been shown to help alleviate poverty and achieve greater social equality . 
  only a complete lunatic would believe a small tax break for the working class would achieve better results long term for that demographic . 
  the value of an having a large number of educated people from a working class background is not merely that it takes some people into a higher economic bracket , but , because these people do n't actually cease to be working class in anything but earnings , it improves the ability of the working class to leverage themselves socially and politically , it creates a higher number of educated people advocating for the working class allowing society to progress in the right direction . 
  this brings me to my second point which is : when , in the history of social democracy , has sharing the cost of something across the whole of society though tax ever been shown to be more disadvantageous to the working class than burdening the individual with those costs ? 
  seriously ? 
  i 'm not even asking when has doing such a thing been bad for the economy overall , i 'm merely asking when has it been shown to be more expensive and more disadvantageous for the working class . 
  you see the beauty of tax in our society is that we do not pay a flat rate of tax , and , while the working class may be numerous , their contributions in terms of % of their income are far smaller individually than those in higher income brackets . 
  consequently the idea that the cost to the working class will be reduced by making everyone individually responsible for their university costs is just insane . 
  it makes no sense whatsoever . 
  not making poor people pay too much for richer people 's university costs is something we already do through our tax bracket system . 
  i mean seriously , if you 're going promote a right wing agenda fine , but do it honestly , say you 're doing it for economic growth or national gdp , however , do n't go around selling absurd theories about how free education disadvantages the working class , do n't go around telling working class people to eat a shit sandwich and that it 's for their own good . 
  it 's down right offensive to their intellect . 
  gladly, 
  man that is evil . 
  i guess occasionally it 's worth more to not even make an offer when the purchase is highly unlikely . 
  you must get a lot of people telling their dead relatives jewellery . 
  just because they 're good at conning people does n't mean they 're smart . 
  i mean if you really wanted to nail this you would n't go looking like you 've dressed for a hip hop video either . 
  that 's a retard 's way of looking at it . 
  gm china owns and makes things in china using chinese labour , it pays chinese companies for services and is paid by companies for the things it makes in china in china . 
  therefore it pays tax in china . 
  just because gm china happens to be a subsidiary of gm us does n't mean they have to pay tax there on stuff that did n't happen there . 
  company avoids tax in america : omg make them pay , this is so corrupt . 
  american company avoids tax outside america : omg socialists stealing muh freedom monies !, 
  i guess he took that advice with crack too : /, 
  to be fair it 's mostly sentences in american english that are n't considered grammatical in british english . 
  most the sentences that british english uses are grammatical in american english they 're just less common . 
  e.g ame : i did n't do it yet . 
  bre : i have n't done it yet . 
  as you can see `` i have n't done it yet '' is n't ungrammatical in ame , it 's just not necessary . 
  another example might be `` at the weekend '' , it 's not unacceptable to say `` at the weekend '' in ame , but under bre `` on the weekend '' is wrong , or at very least an `` americanism '' . 
  the only exception i can think of is that in bre it 's perfectly to use `` got '' as a participle and in the sense of becoming e.g i 've already got dressed '' rather than `` gotten '' . 
  leaving the eu would be really bad for the economy as big europe wide countries would either leave , cease expanding with the country , or simply not decide to come here in the future . 
  it would be especially bad for the working man too , since most of these big companies are in manufacturing and industries around that , the kind of industries that do n't merely exist in central london but act as big employers in areas with less thriving economic prospects . 
  leaving the eu will if anything push the uk further into banking and finance , which means an even more extreme version of what we have now . 
  look at how much money the uk has lost by not having a shared visa with the eu . 
  asia has shown time and again that they do n't give a fuck about the uk , that they see europe more as a single area and if they ca n't get what they want from the the uk they 'll gladly go to france or germany since the differences to them seem minimal . 
  the whole damn out movement is filled with idiots who exaggerate britain 's significance on the global scale , you 'd be foolish to vote out . 
  to be fair , directors have been shooting to make people look bigger / smaller for a long time . 
  how do you think tom cruise gets leads without looking like a midget . 
  i find with many celebrities you 're surprised when you see them irl and find their act height , it 's like the camera makes all males 6ft , but when you see them they might be 5ft 8 or 6ft 4 , you 'd never know . 
  i have no idea what you 're talking about . 
  i highly doubt that study is relevant and this is nothing to do with what europe or the eu thinks . 
  it 's a simple fact that big companies from asia or the americas will choose eu countries over the uk to base their european operations since the eu market is far more important to them than britain . 
  leaving the eu will only make britain less able to compete with france and germany in these markets . 
  vote to stay in for your wallet 's sake . 
  i 'm watching the forex markets daily and if the uk votes to leave i would n't be surprised to see the pound reach record lows with the uncertainty it would bring . 
  the gbp has been going down ever since the referendum was announced , it 's currently sitting around the same place it was after the financial collapse in 2007 . 
  there is literally no economic argument for leaving the eu , it 's huge risk and nobody has a clue how britain is meant to turn it around after leaving the eu except for some vague nonsense about deregulation and no longer having to pay anything to the eu . 
  even the tories , the guys who business and finance at heart , want the uk to stay . 
  the arguments against are populist , playing on ideas about national sovereignty and british exceptionalism . 
  there 's grandiose talk about the commonwealth and a possible market there , with increased freedom of movement , but it 's a pipe dream , and even if something like that was taken seriously it would take 10 + years to be realised . 
  the eu is no better or worse than the uk 's home politics frankly . 
  the refugee crisis is massively overblown , the world is hardly falling apart . 
  furthermore the eu does n't rely on the us for defence , sounds like you 've been agreeing with too many trump supporters . 
  even the mere combination of france and germany spends many more billions collectively than russia . 
  these are not good arguments . . 
   nobody said there is economic argument , however some of us believe in sovereignty and not being dictated to by faceless eu fat cats . 
  why are uk politicians normal but eu ones are '' faceless eu fat cats . '' . 
  this is an irrational emotion argument , eu politicians are no more fat-cats or faceless than british mps . 
   it cant eve sort out the refugee crisis, 
  what are you even talking about . 
  merkel 's solution to the crisis has been to invite them in , which they 've achieved , as germany desperately needs young labour to secure it 's economic position . 
   28 nations , 28 different pages ... and thats why fuck all ever gets done . 
  no , that 's politics everywhere , does n't matter if it 's eu or british , politicians are always highly ineffective and disagreeable . 
   the eu is a disgrace , relies on the us for defence as it cant be bothered to pay its own way . 
  no it does n't . 
  sounds like something / r/the _ donald would say . 
   so merkel decided to invite them in , pretty sure many countries said no , and had it forced upon them ... by merkel ? 
  last time i checked germany lost ww2 , since when did they dictate whats was going to happen to the whole of europe ? 
  no she invited them into germany . 
  other countries are free to do as they wish , but many of them also have laws about refugees and the rights of people fleeing warzones . 
  a warzone that was caused directly by western intervention in the middle east i 'll add .
