  the more middle class , cosmopolitan , and southern the person , the more likely they are to do it , and the wider the range of people they 'll consider it acceptable to do it with . 
  it 's definitely a habit those with more sophisticated aspirations indulge in more widely . 
  in the north of england it 's less common , and in working class culture it 's less common , they 're definitely more hug / handshake type people , although they may well still do it with with their relatives , they 're just not used to doing it with non-family very often . 
  in my experience in the south of england amongst the middle classes it 's very normal between adult men and women who 've just been introduced to one another in many social situations , obviously not at work or people you 've just met the public and have n't been introduced to through a mutual acquaintance . 
  for example , when i went to a wedding as a kid i 'd end up having to kiss every adult female i was introduced to , and now that i 'm an adult when i 'm at a wedding i 'll end up doing it with every single adult woman i 'm introduced to , however as a kid/younger teenager is was n't at all normal to do when we were just hanging out with people of the same age . 
  that would be very `` uncool '' and make you look precocious . 
  do n't know why i 'm saying this because i 'm pretty sure it 's the same in france but it 's something that 's typically limited to when you 're introduced to someone in a friend/family social context , and then again upon meeting those people in a social context , not a way of just saying hello to anyone haha . 
  like if you started talking to someone at a bar , even at a social event , you would n't just open with the kisses thing when you have n't been properly introduced ( although you might get away with it if you chatted for a while and then later `` formally '' introduced yourself once you were more at ease with one another ) . 
  as for the woman who told you we do n't do that , she was very wrong , but maybe she came from a background where it was considered more of a family only kind of thing . 
  sure , everyone but / u/bratmon may come, 
  come on , french culture is n't that exported :p, 
  you mean the uk is going down the drain thanks to brexit . 
  i honestly find it hard to believe you people exist . 
  enjoy your project fear eu bullshit , the largest economy in the world will surely be destroyed by britain 's flouncy exit that its government did n't even support . 
  to be fair , it 's very much like alcohol in that regard , and it works on a similar part of the brain . 
  but think about this , imagine alcohol had a dosage where a few ml or 0.1 or 0.2 of a gram extra could mean the difference between a fun night out and passing out dangerously and potentially needing to be resuscitated by a paramedic , or even death if you go too far over ? 
  it work very much on the same part of the brain as alcohol and feel very much like alcohol , just with some key differences in the experience , for example the buzz feels a bit stronger and you feel a bit more dissociated , and it comes on harder and stronger . 
  if you 're a drinker it 's easy to explain . 
  it basically gives you a similar to feeling to how you felt when you had you first love affair with alcohol as a teenager or young adult . 
  that strong invincible buzz with the great confidence level . 
  that point when you 're no longer a complete novice drinker , but not experienced either so your body is n't quite used to the feeling yet . 
  however , like alcohol there 's a massive temptation to redose that increases as your ability to make sensible decisions decreases . 
  back in the old days i considered myself very sensible with drugs , always thought about doses , which meant i was fine the first few times i did it i was fine , even mixed it with a couple of beers although that 's highly discouraged . 
  i did it in a controlled fashion and was fine . 
  however , one time i was at a pub around the corner from my home already well intoxicated made the mistake of nipping home with a friend for a moment , naturally we took some , i was sloppy measuring it out and while he was fine due to not having had any , i took it , and only 10 minutes later i was feeling weird , 20 minutes laters and i was lying on the floor next to a pub . 
  the symptoms are virtually indistinguishable from those of having too much alcohol , so people do n't even really bat an eye until you 're fully unconscious . 
  the feeling is horrible . 
  like being passing out drunk , but more able to mentally experience it . 
  it felt like my limbs were weighed down with 50kg weighs and moving was very hard . 
  in my head i was terrified my respiratory system would shut down . 
  i was lucky that my brain went into panic mode , forcing me to vomit spectacularly and my body to flood with adrenaline , and while i was out of action the rest of the night , i was able to sit myself up and slowly come back to life until i regained the ability to walk and talk . 
  so yeah , really not something to underestimate . 
  the only way it would be really safe would be if it could be diluted with a lot of liquid to make imbibing too much very difficult , and just to be a cunt the stuff is n't water soluble , and sits on the top of any drink , giving a rancid chemical taste to the first slug . 
  if is why you need to be very careful if you taste something really chemical when you sip a drink , but then the taste goes away with the next . 
  the only safe way to measure it is with a pipette for gbl or with some goods cales for ghb . 
   that made his own coke, 
  lol that 's actually impossible . 
  coke has to be made from cocoa leaves and they only exist in the south american rain forest . 
   for sure, 
  it 's not remotely for sure . 
  could be literally anything , mcat , speed , alcohol , ghb . 
  there are more drugs in this world than are dreamt of in your philosophy / u/hupacmoneybags, 
  sorry , it was outsourced to ukraine, 
  jubel, 
  simplest answer is that we 're a nation of snobs , and not wants to be out of london because of the take it as an implication of being 2nd rate . 
  london has the mystique , the history , manchester , birmingham , leeds ? 
  they do n't . 
  yes , it 's a vicious cycle , as the more dominant the capital becomes the less incentive there is to try to move out , but it had to start somewhere . 
  like the french we have a stark divide between capital and province , and nobody ever sees the provincial cities has having any hope of holding a candle to london , so even the people in the provinces give up and either commute , or move to london to work . 
  germany is way more split than that . 
  berlin has the politics , frankfurt has finance , munich is just absurdly rich with fingers in a lot of pies , and the nrw area has sprawling urban areas like cologne and d\u00fcsseldorf with lots of industry and services . 
  hamburg has a thriving port , with lots of industry too . 
  each city attracts both national and international hqs for various companies , there 's no necessity to have everything in berlin or any other city . 
  now it just looks like german . 
  also how do you distinguish mystik ( mystique ) and mystic . 
  surely it should be mysteek, 
  this is such an american thing , everything must have a gherkin on it ... never understood it to be honest . 
  yeah , it 's like they 've perfectly synthesised the downsides of both skateboarding and inline skating with none of the benefits . 
  lol are you fucking 10 years old ? 
  you see this and all you can do is proclaim to the world that skateboards are better ? 
  i do n't think it was ever a competition ... skateboarders can be such asshats about anything they think encroaches on their territory . 
  nobody ever said they were n't a gimmick , that 's what makes you an asshat . 
  what 's so ridiculous is how you , when presented with this cool novel thing , instead of responding to this with `` that 's cool '' , you first instinct is to proclaim to the world your belief that skateboarding is better and tell everyone why you think these suck in comparison . 
  do you not see how sad and immature that is ? 
  why do you feel the need to tell everyone why you think your hobby is better rather than appreciate this for what it is , a cool thing which nobody ever suggested were comparable to skateboarding ... 
  lol , look it 's a pissy teen from the 90s come to 2016 tell us his opinion on actions sports . 
  no insults buddy , i 'm just pointing out your juvenile and slightly pathetic behaviour in the hope you 'll become a bit more self aware . 
  i do wonder what it is about skateboarding that makes you so insecure to the point of needing to criticise and mock others ' hobbies , even incredibly niche hobbies like this . 
  ah yes , because the insult `` asshat '' is more juvenile than you throwing around `` whiny little bitch '' and saying `` haha gtfo kid '' . 
  it 's clearly you who appears juvenile in this thread . 
   i simply stated an opinion, 
  you stated the opinion of an angst ridden teen who feels the need to criticise and belittle others ' hobbies instead of just appreciating them for what they are . 
  that 's not `` simply stating an opinion '' , it 's being an entitled child with a compulsive need to talk down other people 's things to try and make himself feel better about his own thing . 
  i 'm afraid if anyone here is dense , it 's you . 
  in fact , i feel sorry for you , that you ca n't even enjoy a little video like this without getting all uppity and opinionated and telling everyone all about your own hobby . 
  you 're like the star trek fan that goes to see star wars and afterwards wo n't stop telling people why it sucks , why star trek is objective better in their opinion , and making fun of the fans , it 's sad juvenile behaviour , and you should grow out of it . 
  the adult response is to say `` that was a cool thing , but for me it 's never going to comparable to own interest '', 
  the childish response is to say `` omg my favourite thing is waaay better , that thing sucked for this reason and this reason , anyone who likes this is stupid '' . 
  now let 's look at how you started with, 
   skateboards are just way better . 
  proclaiming how your own hobby is better despite your own hobby never having even been brought up . 
   you can tell how hard they are trying to make these look cool by sending one up a ramp lol, 
  mocking the hobby, 
   it 's just way too limited and gimmicky, 
  trying to explain to everyone why you think it objectively sucks . 
  i do believe boris 's plan is to sell the french our cakes and eat them too . 
  if labour had taken a centre left position and vehemently opposed brexit at least people would have rallied behind them . 
  instead they 're so afraid of losing ground in their `` heartlands '' , i.e working class ukip traitors , that we 've got a boring old labour socialist eurosceptic at the helm with all the charisma of a damp flannel who ca n't even mount a proper opposition , and both major parties are saying the same populist appeasing nonsense about respecting the mandate of what was certainly the most politically abhorrent referendum in british history . 
  ah so he made fake coke , well that shows initiative i guess . 
  australia is basically a nation desperate to get high that ca n't because of how hard it is to get drugs into the country . 
  this means a gram of coke easily costs $ 200-300 . 
  ecstasy tablets sell for $ 10-20 each . 
  so there 's a lot of demand for those drugs whose materials can be purchased legally and easily manufactured with limited access to chemical equipment and limited knowledge of chemistry . 
  that 's some wizard power right there . 
  not taking drugs because you saw a few guys like this is like never drinking because you saw someone puke and fall over after 12 straight whiskys . 
  if you want to be completely straight at dance festivals that cool but do n't make out like staying sober is the only way to avoid being that fucked up . 
  for one pill ? 
  i guess my information is out of date since i was told that over 10 years ago . 
  i remember aussies i worked with buying pills for # 5 each and remarking how cheap they were when the dealer probably paid 50p each . 
  i just read a daily mail brexit article out of sheer curiosity , with ad blocker of course , just to try to better understand the brexiteer mentality ( i 've been out the country since last year ) , because i 'm finding it impossible to fathom where the brexit support is coming from .
