  that 's a bit silly , the majority rules in a democracy, 
  indeed he 's a devious cunt !, 
  if american 's referred to the beautiful game as `` association football '' it would n't bother us at all . 
  soccer is just a tainted word . 
  we call your sport `` american football '' usually which is just as long , but since we 're in the silly name business i 've taken to calling it gridiron . 
  i would make an exception for 5 hours of adverts and breaks in play every 30 seconds . 
  you must enjoy boredom then . 
  ( association ) football is the almost the greatest game ever , second only to rugby , another sport in which you do not partake . 
  it 's not entirely arbitrary to be honest . 
  old school west country accents are the closest accents around to the way english was spoken in the 18th century . 
  having certain traits such as the rhotic - r sound , which we know was enunciated in shakespeare 's time and also things like - oi for - i. 
  at the time america was colonised everyone would 've spoken in a similar manner albeit with various regional discrepancies , and that 's where you get us accents from . 
  k , and i 'll continue to laugh every time you say the word soccer . 
  he would 've said that about the burgers i just ate ... 
  they were at least british children ... and i doubt industrialised labour was faring much better in the us at the time, 
  seriously stop taking credit for shit you at best played a part in . 
  the french revolution only partially influenced by the us , germany was liberated by the allies , most of whom had been fighting far longer than the us and facing far worse odds . 
  the british civil war is not relevant to the us revolution . 
  the commonwealth countries became more separate from the uk because of the uk 's colonial interests being massively diminished by two world wars , two world wars that would 've probably been far shorter had the us really given a shit about preserving democratic freedom in the rest of the world and entered the wars when earlier rather than for a final push when a slow painful allied victory was all but certain , oh and let 's not forget all the german sympathisers in the us preferring to support the kaiser/nazi 's over the nasty tea drinking democratic british . 
  this is the epitome of american arrogance and precisely the kind of thing leading to why the rest of the world has negative ideas about american culture . 
  americans traditionally , and still the right wingers , frame freedom in terms of `` freedom from '' rather than `` freedom to '' . 
  freedom from - taxes , government authorities intervention in their lifestyle , laws , religious prescription etc. 
  however even in these terms america is n't necessarily freer these days in many ways although it would 've been in the past . 
  it 's not meant to stop them shooting up , it 's meant to make them shoot up elsewhere and it works . 
  nobody want 's to risk wasting a bunch of smack missing a vein . 
  i disagree , obviously it 's not like the films where everyone is using a mirror , but plenty of cokeheads prefer a mirror . 
  stop acting like you 're an expert . 
  sounds like elitist bullshit to me , i for one hate the bitterness of brussel sprouts , enjoy wine and love spicy food . 
  learning a language, 
  that post is just so full of stupid and inaccuracies it 's unbelievable . 
  i 'll just say it does n't matter about the politics of who liberated germany , the question is who liberated them . 
  britain was a free democracy by the standards of time after the civil war occurred , there 's nothing inherently immoral about the monarch have a modicum of power , that 's an entirely american idea . 
  the monarch losing that power was a natural progression of things that would have happened without the us 's existence . 
  i obviously know the commonwealth nations are part of the commonwealth , that 's why i used the name commonwealth countries you moron . 
  what on earth are you saying about churchill , that statement is full retard . 
  frankly i would be glad if the us had never intervened in either wars , the allies would have still won and we would n't have to put up with your incompetent global hegemony . 
  we 'd probably also be further to the left having better social values and society . 
  next time why do n't you not come in to glory hog when we 've virtually won by ourselves anyway . 
  well you just wrote a complete inaccuracy, 
   western germany was ` liberated ' by the united states, 
  so the british and french zones did n't exist , and these countries efforts were somehow lesser than the us , so much less in fact they do n't even get accredited , this is why you are disliked by so many people , you bend history to around yourself with the smug arrogance of nation that sat on its ass through most of the troubles of the 20th century . 
  you 're the only one digging a hole in the face of anyone who has an actual clue about history and how you see it through an america-centric lens of bullshit . 
  this is just such arrogance and bullshit , usually i can stand americans but when individuals like you start lecturing us with your perverse worldviews it makes me long for a chinese global hegemony . 
  i was talking about france 's military efforts after the war , you however make it about surrender , which just is inherently nonsensical racism since the french were pushed into a position where they could do no other , after the germans were out of france many fought bravely and contributed to the liberation of germany , the fact that you miss out this fact is incredibly insulting to an entire nation . 
   there would have been no western invasion of germany without the united states, 
  utter bullshit , the british would 've invaded once germany was sufficiently weakened at a later date . 
   if the soviet union were still able to prevail without the us 's material support ( dubious ), 
  more made up lies . 
  germany was spread far to thinly by the time america entered the war and russia had virtually unlimited troops to wear him down with . 
   this internet , that you 're currently quibbling on , would also not exist in such a world . 
  again imaginary bullshit , the internet would n't have existed either without the efforts of british minds like alan turing who allowed you the capacity to build computers in the first place . 
  does that mean computers would n't exist without the british obviously fucking not , since someone would have invented it eventually . 
  may as well say the internet would n't exist without tim berners-lee , again this would be bullshit , instead of html we 'd have something else . 
  just as someone else would have invented the internet without idiot like yourself holding themselves as special snowflakes the only ones able to invent something . 
  your attitude is disgusting , none of the actual us veterans would ever discredit the joint effort of the allied forces as you have , but you in your nationalistic decadence behind your computer you are able to , seriously i 'd rather live without the internet in a world where your nation did n't exist anyway , we might have a chance at something other than rule by stupidity , gross nationalism and morally bankrupt capitalist values . 
  quite the opposite , the r was dropped by the aristocracy , for rather changed to a tapped - r ( a single roll of a rolled - r ) which fell out of popularity , as a way of distinguishing themselves which was then copied by some poorer classes in less rural places and spread outward . 
  [ exactly that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gplppht7n9s ), 
  you 're an idiot then . 
  it 's right , or as they would say roight, 
  that 's very incorrect since much of new england drops their - r 's , so it 's certainly not those accents . 
  there 's no such thing as a typical english accent , just a variety of regional accents . 
  the british accents that most people are aware of like cockney and aristocratic were popularised later , but the accent i 'm describing is the closest living accent to how english was spoken those days . 
  edit : as i said in another post [ tangier island ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aizgw09cg9e ) is probably the closest the us has . 
  well that 's bs . 
  the poster said the pirate accent comes from movies , i was making it clear that while the accent was popularised by movies it was n't just an arbitrary selection and pirates probably did sound similar to that . 
  personally if you 're looking for an american accent that sounds similar i 'd go for [ tangier island ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aizgw09cg9e ) which preserves many of the same traits and sounds quite similar to west country talk at times . 
  i 'm not anti-american , i 'm anti arseholes who think america was responsible for everything , and if you were a decent frenchman you would too , i 'm sick of historical and cultural erosion framing everything as america 's doing , and you 're an idiot if you accept that ridiculous list of things as america 's impact on the world . 
  the americans did n't beat the strongest military in the world , they beat a small segment of it that could be afforded to go there . 
  i ca n't stand this idealisation of history coming out of the us . 
  there 's no goodies or baddies in real life . 
  nobody in the whole uk uses meters , we use metres, 
  naturalism in art was something that had to be discovered , something that the greeks perfected in sculpture . 
  it 's not so much that is was impossible before then . 
  but without the techniques and previous naturalistic work to work from it was much harder to envision how to accurately represent something in that way . 
  naturalism did n't pop up overnight it was a gradual process of improvement from more respresentational work . 
  you might see the work and see that it does n't look exactly the same . 
  but how would you know it is possible to make it look exactly the same . 
  also the egyptian painter might look at this work and think it 's pretty good anyway , and all the people will agree , so why do anything else . 
  artists did spend lifetimes improving their work , but that does n't mean they necessarily spent all their time trying to create naturalism which they did n't even know could exist . 
  furthermore there 's additional limitations with resources , egyptians did n't have a full palette of colours to work with , they used what was available to them , same with the tools of scuplture . 
  looking at ancient civlisation it 's evident that artists first instincts were n't to make their work better by attempting naturalism , but by making it make more intricate , patterned and detailed . 
  edit : grammar and spelling , wtf was i smoking, 
  when i saw the nsfw tab i expected more . 
  he sounds german , it 's elefantenrennen there, 
  so the events that came to pass en la france prior to the french revolution were somehow less significant than the boost in confidence the american revolution may have given them ? 
  i do n't object to the notion that america played its role in world history , but i do reject the notion that america 's role was so important that it was the direct cause of these events and that they would n't have happened otherwise . 
  which is what the previous poster was suggesting , and that is what the america-centric worldview endlessly does , mistakes playing a role in world history as entailing they were the only relevant factor that none of it would 've been possible without it . 
  i 'd imagine you 'd still be an international student , but to be honest , nobody knows . 
  to be fair , scots english is a thing, 
  the west midlands is the best midlands, 
  i rewatched it was , to be fair it was a very interesting experience with what 's now come to light compared to watching it before when it was merely a titillating speculation on what a weirdo he was . 
  i , for one , can not stand improper haplology ; both the lack of it and its improper application . 
  birmingham is in the midlands ... 
  i think any reasonable person will find the population of birmingham far more attractive and genetically diverse than the mutants down in `` kernow '' . 
  you sound like a right cunt pal , why do n't you fuck off back to your cousin marrying economically irrelevant tourist town . 
  birmingham might not be pretty , but it 's still got far more going for it than a few campsites and some nice beaches . 
  you obviously do n't speak english either ... 
  better at talking up a bunch of commercialised crap like the printworks and other vile abominations more like . 
  i kinda hope that this is true so i do n't feel bad for them :(, 
  looks like you need [ this !,
