  singers tend to try to keep their mouths open to produce a quality tone , and this can make all the vowels slightly more open . 
  this effect can be influenced by the pitch , volume and length of a note . 
  this results in us tuning out vowel positioning to some degree when we hear a singer . 
  for example , if you say `` i have a lovely ket '' , when trying to saying `` i have a lovely cat '' , it would immediately sound wrong . 
  however if you sing `` i have a lovely ket '' it 's much less noticeable . 
  consequently it 's hard to distinguish an accent when sung , there are solid phonological reasons as to why we do n't notice it . 
  singer like lily allen or the clash actually have to emphasise their accents to some degree to make them really obvious when they sing . 
  the idea that this makes singers sound `` american '' is purely ethnocentricity . 
  of course there are singers who deliberately try to sound american for ulterior motives such as stylistic reasons or trying to break america , however this is n't the case for most non-american singers . 
  it 's not so much that foreign singers sound american , but rather that their non-american accents are not as apparent in their singing voice compared to their spoken voice . 
  this is also why opera singers can often sing in 3 different languages and nobody would know which is their native tongue , yet when they start speaking in an interview their foreign accent immediately apparent regardless of how fluent they are . 
  he probably means you have a general american accent , that does n't mean non-accented , that phrase is ridiculous . 
  you 're the one who 's full of shit . 
  the history of rp actually goes back to the accent around the east midlands and south east , occurring around northamptonshire amongst the landed gentry . 
  rp speakers are not taught to speak that way , it 's simply passed down from parents to children or picked up in public schools around the country . 
  some people do learn it of course , but that 's not the norm . 
  the only thing that 's different about rp is that it 's not regional but instead based on class . 
  well you can always be a pioneer playing the game when it first comes out . 
  after all they ca n't make guides before people have done it . 
  that 's why it 's so good to play betas and stuff because the how to 's simply are n't out yet . 
  [ this documentary is so good ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pgdsyj5elmo ), 
  lol just annoys me when people suggest that speech that does n't correlate with written forms is improper , admittedly i might have got carried away . 
  he started it by saying it `` drives me nuts '' . 
  maybe it `` drives me nuts '' to hear americans leaving pauses or pronouncing silent letters , did he think about that !, 
  yeah and we all know violent crime in the uk is through the roof compared to the us too . 
  i 'm not surprised that even the government is stabbing doctors , when they 're not refusing to enter various sharia zones like birmingham and luton . 
  no it should n't . 
  dialect is different from accent . 
  accent is merely word pronunciation , dialect is when the language is used differently with a slightly different rule set . 
  there are very few true english dialects , but many accents . 
  even american english vs british english barely meets the requirement for different dialects , since the grammar rules are virtually the same with only some minor differences like americans holding `` i did n't do it yet '' to be grammatical while british english would insist on `` i have n't done it yet '' and americans saying `` i 've gotten dressed '' while britons just say `` i 've got dressed '' . 
  it 's all that reptilian overlord blood, 
  it 's standard american english ... 
  what on earth are you on about . 
  here got and gotten mean something closer to become than possess . 
  lol you 're the asshat mr isle of dogs , fuck you . 
  you 'd take german over french then ? 
  maybe one is more logical but the other is far pleasanter on the ear . 
  lol , what on earth am i making up dickhead ? 
  you 're the one suggesting that nobody learns rp naturally from their parents and peers . 
  do you think every posh sounding person goes to lessons to speak that way ? 
  no , that 's retarded , however that 's what you 're suggesting . 
  so i just did the magic eye off my screen and there 's no sail boat !, 
  just a bunch of random shapes like a star in top right corner and some half circles and shit . 
  i feel ripped off . 
  we do n't want to see her make love to air ... we wana see her bang it . 
  he said from his basement sweating over his hot pocket ... 
  you 're so fucking dumb . 
  thanks for the input sir neckbeard of virginium . 
  someone is a bit butthurt cos they 're not getting any . 
  the virginity is strong in this one . 
   it is almost exclusively taught , sorry . 
  that 's what you said moron . 
  when that 's complete bollocks . 
  people learn it from their parents and peers , they 're not taught it . 
  no it 's not . 
  just do the magic eye , or check the damn youtube comments . 
  only a redditor could be so full of shit to make a claim like this without actually checking it first ... 
  you may take my life , you may take my home , but you can never take my victorian-era parchment porn ... 
  fair enough . 
  yeah it 's not like it would 've been so hard to find a damn magic eye of a sail boat . 
  ah yeah because some girl likes to dance in a sexually provocative way she is by necessity a slut . 
  what do you mean by slut anyway ? 
  what she has multiple sexual partners ? 
  because most people living in the 21st century could n't give a fuck about that . 
  if you mean she has low self-esteem , low standards , cheats on her partners , fucks for self worth , and sleeps with sleazy guys then i guess you could call her a slut , however i do n't see why twerking would indicate that 's the case , it 's a dance not the act of prostitution , in the old days they would 've called a woman a slut for dancing the can can . 
  go back to 1950 if you fucking cretin . 
  lol k m8 . 
  someone is projecting hard . 
  does n't matter if it 's almost exclusively you 're still completely wrong dickhead . 
  your definition of a slut as girl who fuck is just offensive . 
  the comment that started this conv is a lot lower than that . 
  how is it a fact ? 
  what you 're saying is that the majority of rp speakers has region accents and learn to speak rp , it 's complete shit . 
  easily 2 % of the population speaks rp , most learnt it naturally as children , not what you 're suggesting at all . 
  lol where 's your source you fucking idiot . 
  american ears struggle with the difference between t/d , they hear paddy from an american accent and think they 're hearing patty , especially since patrick = pat = patty seems more logical . 
  i 've started to see a fair bit of lipton 's ice tea in the uk these days , not in the american isles , usually just squirrelled away with the other bottles of uncarbonated drinks . 
  i 've been living abroad , in europe , for a while now and whenever i go back to the uk i 'm surprised by how hard it is to find though , usually only the bigger supermarkets have it while in the parts of the mainland i 've been to it 's ubiquitous . 
  le edge, 
  yeah that pisses me off . 
  this whole video is styled around the idea of how much power she has over all these fucking ripped guys when she herself is both heavily overweight and facially unattractive . 
  seems to be a really big thing right now to try and make it so fat plain women can feel just a beautiful and powerful as a straight up 10 with a gym toned body . 
  are we so spoilt and thin skinned these days that we have to bend reality just to suit some people 's feelings . 
  it 's similar to giving everyone a gold medal just for competing in a race , that 's not life . 
  those guys tend to be draped in gold chains and driving bugatti 's and bentleys though ... 
  also those videos never focus on how much sexual power those overweight guys have over these women , this video is just shamelessly saying `` i 'm so desirable '' and `` i fuck and chuck all these guys despite being unattractive '' . 
  at least the hip hop videos say `` i 'm a fat man , but a compensate for that by being wealthy and socially powerful '' , in this video i do n't see her saying anything analogous to that , it 's saying i 'm fat and unremarkable but for some reason in this universe i am inherently desirable despite no effort on my own behalf . 
  imo it 's equivalent taking an overweight low status man working in a dead end minimum wage job and portraying him as having women fawn over him because apparently all socially awkward losers deserve to feel desirable , even when they 're not . 
  it 's not reality , and it 's not good to pretend that that is reality since it will only lead to people ultimately having inflated egos and being bitterly disappointed in the face of reality possibly turning delusional to protect their inflated egos . 
  this does n't empower anyone , just sets up a bunch of overweight teenage girls to think that special and beautiful regardless and therefore it 's not worth making a change in lifestyle . 
  a beard !, 
  in the army !, 
  what barbarity is this !, 
  a beard is the sole right of those queer navy fellas !, 
  how ever will the uncultured foreign swine know of our cultural superiority when we allow soliders to go around sporting beards no better than a berber on a camel !, 
  [ let me show you how it 's done ] ( http://cdn.iwastesomuchtime.com/8272014093271.jpg ), 
  yeah it works with family because the priority is always to keep kids with family but it 's not going to work otherwise . 
  to be fair a lot of people stop using personal trainers because once you 've set them up with the routine and shown them exercises and how the machines work it 's easier just to do it yourself . 
  my personal trainer was a pain the ass because he kept wanting to vary my routine when i 'd rather just sit on the exercise bike or treadmill for half an hour zoned out watching tv not do all those crazy fucking exercises even though i know it 's better to get a complete work out and whatnot .
