  maybe it did n't mean anything , maybe it did . 
  i think it did , but maybe i 'm wrong . 
  deal with it . 
  nothing else . 
  i 've seen interviews in which he 's way more cunty . 
  he almost sounds like he 's going through the motions in this one . 
  which is basically what he does , pander to the conservative religious right . 
  i 'd imagine that he 's not actually this dumb , but is keyed into how to give a certain demographic exactly what they want . 
  very funny and all that . 
  but an aggravated assault charge could ruin this kids life . 
  maybe , but it 's not going to be that easy . 
  still means a court case , a length preparation period and proceeding . 
  a lot of arguments over whether the self defence was warranted . 
  all we see is the guy lean in with his arms folded , it 's no sure fire evidence of threatening someone . 
  we 're talking expensive lawyer fees and a lot of uncertainty , that alone could ruin some people 's lives even if they walk . 
  birmingham urban conurbation is also about 2.5 million approximately . 
  the west midlands county has over 2.7 million . 
  greater manchester is 1,276 km2 while the west midlands is 902 km2 , which actually makes it the bigger more densely populated hub . 
  i will tell you this whenever a manc sings that tired 2nd city routine . 
  this makes me want to play victoria 2, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mqegidvmd3q ), 
  i 'd go out on a limb here and say canada saw a lot of immigration from eastern scotland . 
  it 's the law ... nobody has a brain . 
  probably , that kind of speculation wo n't move a judge . 
  that edge !, 
  watch out do n't cut yourself !, 
  [ more relevant ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcn1q9fwahm ), 
  barry lyndon was fantastic , it 's just most audiences do n't have the patience for it . 
  no , but we can assume someone who feels compelled to post smug superior mocking posts about kubrick on a thread about kubrick probably does have a terrible taste in directors and thinks batman was the greatest film ever . 
  it 's a very long , slow paced period drama set in the 1750s about a poor irish man of meagre rural beginnings who rises through society the result of numerous comic ( in the classical sense of the term ) twists of fates . 
  then loses it all again . 
  it 's an incredibly realistic representation of the 18th century . 
  it 's also contains ground breaking cinematography the like of which will probably never be seen again , and one of the best classical soundtracks of a film ever . 
  that said the film is anything but action packed , the character interactions are very stilted in order to accurately represent the europe society of the time and there 's a lot of dialogue , as well as quite a few foreign language scenes , it 's something you need to be a certain mood for i think , and many audiences did n't like it compared to his other films which were more typical on these regards . 
  many inaccuracies in this post , non-citizens can still own property in the us , when a tourist buys something it 's still his property under us law and he has the same protections in theory . 
  furthermore a non-citizen can own land in the us , i guess that 's what you mean by property , and could buy up houses in the us if they wanted to , but would probably need legal representation in the us to act as proxy for some things but it would still be their property . 
  finally there is no point discussing demoting yourself down from being a citizen is impossible , nobody is allowed to not have a country otherwise the super rich and criminals would exploit this to avoid tax and accountability . 
  the only time you can renounce citizenship is when you have another citizenship already , even if you forged a fake and renounced your us citizenship this way , it would be considered retroactively invalid upon discovery that you did n't have an alternative . 
  interestingly us citizens are some of the most likely to renounce citizenship because of the absurd us overseas tax laws that if you 're a dual national living in london making a lot of money you 're expected to pay your tax in the uk and then again in the us which is absurd . 
  edit : surprisingly it seems that the us and some other countries do allow people to become stateless . 
  folk is plural : /, 
  we also have to factor that robert loved lyanna , whilst in fact lyanna probably was in love with rhaegar around the time of the harrenhal tournie incident . 
  we also know rhaegar prefered lyanna to his wife elia martell , which was clearly a political marriage to keep the peace in westeros . 
  robert would never have accepted that lyanna actually wanted to escape with rhaegar rather than be with him , because of his ego would n't have let him accept that fact . 
  thus robert would never accepted jon was n't a bastard born of rape , and only ned knows the secret that lyanna loved rhaegar and the child was born out of consensual love . 
  this is what lyanna made ned promise on her deathbed , that he 'd raise the child as his own and conceal his identity to absolutely everyone because she knew it would destroy robert if he found out that she 'd loved rhaegar and also that robert and others would want to kill the child being of targaryen blood , meaning he 'd never be safe . 
  only ned knows how much jon snow meant to his sister . 
  i think his explains ned 's motives better than merely the notion that jon snow was a child born of rape , as well as explaining why lyanna felt so strongly about ensuring ned would protect him . 
  this is because it explains why ned , such an honourable chap , was willing to destabilise his marriage and suffer dishonour which seems so against his character . 
  fathering bastards with tavern sluts `` was n't ned stark 's way '' , as stannis to aptly recognises . 
  had jon snow been lyanna 's bastard born of rape i can still see why ned might protect him or lyanna might want him to be protected , but it does n't explain why he kept him so close and made his shame so public . 
  catelyn laments her husband 's relationship with jon snow putting his relationship with the boy down to ned 's honour , saying that normal men would hide their bastards away rather than treat them in a similar fashion to natural born children ( boltons excepted ) . 
  even though ned was a good and honourable man , there 's no reason why he could n't have sent jon snow off to be a ward of one of his northern lords , but in fact he dare n't do this out of fear that one day his real identity might be revealed . 
  having him at winterfell was his way of ensuring he fulfilled his oath to his dying sister . 
  i do n't think we know all the details of the time leading up to the rebellion , for example for how long was lyanna kidnapped ? 
  if we assume it was a number of months it could 've been that lyanna had got pregnant by rhaegar before the kidnapping even happened , and that he 'd kidnapped her at her request rather than face the public shame of being unwed and pregnant . 
  i 'm sure all this will be found out in time . 
  i think the opposite . 
  ned never told her and therefore catelyn ca n't understand why ned treats his supposed `` bastard son '' this way , she ca n't understand why he does n't send him away to be a ward or squire rather than keeping him at winterfell a constant reminder of his dishonour . 
  ned 's oath was to never tell a soul jon 's true identity and watch over him always , he ca n't tell catelyn and he ca n't send him away because it would be to break his oath . 
  catelyn would probably be much more forgiving if she knew jon was n't ned 's bastard . 
  if you 've noticed at all , bastards do n't seem to get a good rap in westeros ( maybe in dorne ) . 
  you 're the stupid one pal . 
  many people think kubrick was overrated , but the ones post about it sneeringly on threads about kubrick are the ones who think inception is the deepest film ever . 
  my postman is black , i 'm half african by postman . 
  no , if you want to post kubrick bitching thread somewhere else go ahead , just do n't be such a whiner and keep your negative opinions to yourself else express them with people who might actually agree ... 
  except many people and critics did enjoy barry lyndon , opinion was split to some degree . 
  imo everyone should acknowledge what an accomplishment barry lyndon was when it comes to producing an accurate and beautifully crafted period film . 
  most of the people who complain seem to be saying it 's boring , but that 's because they were fans of dr strangelove , 2011 or clockwork orange and got a period drama . 
  it 's like watching downton abbey and then complaining about the lack of explosions . 
   well what if i do n't want to ? 
  turns out we 're allowed to post opinions on this public forum regardless of whether you agree with them . 
  and people are free to mock you for it and call your a nolan loving teenage fan boy , quite rightly , because that 's what you seem like when you go to a thread with a lot of kubrick love and be all edgy claiming he 's overrated . 
  / u/ihateslowdrivers post was just dripping with edge . 
   the person who criticized kubrick did just that , as i agree with him . 
  you and that guy who both got downvoted . 
  if you wanted to have a productive discussion about why you think kubrick is overrated you 'd do it elsewhere . 
  doing it here is just trying to be a contrary edgy nerd , bit like an atheist going on a / r/christianity and posting `` dae think god is dumb herp the derp ! 11 '', 
  a homeless man with a penchant for shop lifting ... 
  i 'd imagine he gets around ... 
  more likely two bags of skag with enough for a couple cans saved up for the come down . 
  meth is rare in the uk . 
  strictly smack and/or crack . 
  i disagree . 
  you do get point for accuracy , especially in the period drama genre , there is a section of society who will value a film for an accurate portrayal , it 's just not the demand of mainstream taste , which does n't give a shit about reality . 
  second you get plenty of points for technicality , that 's why there are oscars for cinematography and sound . 
  finally the film is n't remotely dull , it 's just not aimed at your average clockwork orange fan . 
  many people would think reading dickens dull , yet he 's widely considered on of the greatest novelists in the english language . 
  it 's not dull to many , it 's actually a great story incredibly well told . 
  it 's just not for everyone . 
  barry lyndon is a masterpiece , it broke boundaries in cinema and within the genre , it 's simply not aimed at all the people at whom most of kubricks other films were aimed . 
  it 's actually testament to kubrick 's ability as a director , since people are just desperate to pigeon hole directors as making certain kinds of films , and because of this when it did something completely different incredibly successfully many people were angered by that it was n't what they expected and was n't marketed at them . 
  personally i found inception incredibly dull and predictable , yet other people think it 's a great film , i do n't call a terrible film i just acknowledge it was n't what i hoped for going into the cinema . 
  i misread who the film was aimed at , but i do n't say it 's crap , just that it was more of action film that i expected . 
  they 've forgotten guardian of grammar . 
  little finger is definitely the best schemer and player of the game if you ask me . 
  everyone is always asking what is plan is , what his game is , but i think the reason he 's such a good player is because he does n't fixate on every goal . 
  if you ask me he 's got a plan for every eventuality and that 's why he 's so good at the game . 
  like in chess you ca n't just predict what your opponent will do , build up a strategy based on that eventuality and win . 
  this is something cersei would do because she 's always so certain people will behave predictably ...
