  this conversation is no different to what 's happening in fresher discussions the world over . 
  when in reality it 's been done to death , the idea that consciousness does n't has been formulated hundreds of times , but the statement does n't even have meaning unless we fully define what consciousness is in the first place . 
  the biggest problem is that guys like dawkins do n't encourage people who actually investigate these thinkers or build an opinion , but rather just reinforce the smugness of their followers who 've never even bothered to pick up a book on the theory of mind . 
  yeah 8 is the average in germany while in many other countries it 's 9 or 10 . 
  in my experience a far number of places finish at 4 here while in other countries that would be unthinkable . 
  all smoke causes cancer if inhaled . 
  yeah but then give it to poland to piss off germany . 
  true that , but give a polish name just to have one last pop at the krauts . 
  i read up on this a bit and it 's shocking the levels of ignorance that come from parts of the deaf community . 
  people equating cochlear implants to genocide i.e the systematic destruction of a culture . 
  people petitioning to make it illegal for parents to give their deaf children the implants ( despite the fact that the earlier this is done the more effective they are ) and so on . 
  there 's some very strange ideas in the fully deaf from birth communities , mostly because those people have never heard in their life , where they argue the deafness is not something to be avoided and trying to cure deafness is like being racist and cure black people or something . 
  they even go as far as to ridicule `` hearing culture '' as weird or immoral . 
  they dislike people who are merely hearing impaired , or became deaf later in life as a consequence of this strange protective culture they 've built around themselves . 
  [ reference ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y3o4ioakzqu ) . 
  also you 're an idiot for thinking you 're going to walk on people 's heads . 
  that 's exactly the kind of panicked behaviour that causes these situations , people trying to save themselves at the expense of others actually making the dispersion of the crowd slower . 
  well done , you saved yourself at the expense of people 's lives , if everyone was level headed the likelihood of these events happening would be diminished . 
  honestly , i 'm not going to judge anyone for panicking and acting dangerously in an attempt to save their own skin , it 's natural human behaviour and we ca n't all be strong willed enough to fight our instincts , but do n't take pride in the fact you 're willing to sacrifice others to save yourself jackass . 
  i , too , remember when this was new . 
  it 's quite common here if you 're 4 dimensional and cube shaped . 
  that it is to say you can usually buy it alongside bagels , motza bread and the souls of goyim children . 
  soon is the dawn of the empire of the rising sun !, 
  i hope they 're paying you a lot !, 
  if you look at the statistics germans work less than most other european nations and are 10-20 % more productive when they do so . 
  superior island nations \u00fcber alles, 
  this one really annoys me too . 
  another related thing that annoys me is how people think the fact that observation affects it is equivalent to magic . 
  literally there are hippies who think the basically proves that magic is real , that the universe somehow knows when we 're looking at it . 
  they do n't seem to understand that in order to `` observe '' something it has to a very real interaction with it . 
  but no , idiots believe quantum mechanics `` like ... totally disproves look maaan '' ... 
  it 's one of those annoying things that become popular factoids simply because they 're unintuitive making the people that espouse them feel smugly smart and enlightened despite being wrong . 
  no , that 's not it at all . 
  to be honest very few americans pronounce their place names correctly . 
  no , it 's nothing to do with that . 
  the universe does n't allow for actual schrodinger 's cats because of quantum decoherence . 
  that 's why it 's a thought experiment , because boxes that completely cut something off from the universe are an impossibility . 
  i disagree . 
  there is a city in the uk , the original gloucester , tens of millions of people refer to it traditionally as gloster . 
  now imagine there 's a tiny village in new england , with a population of 3,000 , and these people call it glowster . 
  however most ordinary americans who 've never been to that part of the world instinctively call it glowcester , and tens of millions of people do this . 
  seems to me that either the original way of pronouncing it is correct - prescriptivist model , or nobody is incorrect . 
  why should we give linguistic priority to the 3,000 people in gloucester in new england when you 've got one massive community of speaker in the uk saying the word one way , and another massive community of speakers in the us pronouncing it another way . 
  seems to me that if you 're going to allow the pronunciation of a word be changed because `` everyone '' says it one way . 
  if everyone is no longer saying `` why-reeka '' then it 's a another valid pronunciation by the same rules . 
  i think you 're barking up the wrong tree . 
  it 's not a technological limitation it 's the way the universe behaves at the the macroscopic level , it 's impossible for a macroscopic object to be in a superposition just as it 's impossible to travel at warp 10 around the galaxy . 
  without a major reworking of physics it 's not happening . 
  your point about a simulation is moot . 
  as for the philosophical implication of it , there are virtually none . 
  this is what really grinds my gears , it the fact that people take quantum mechanics to mean all kind of nutty things , like how we 've disproved determinism , and the universe is inherently unpredictable or can be influenced by the power of thought and so on and so forth . 
  no , we still live in exactly the same universe where classical physics models function , we merely know there is a probabilistic mechanism occurring at an incredibly small level . 
  the cat is just there to demonstrate this minuscule phenomena in a way we can all imagine , not something for stoners to ponder and proclaim everything we previous thought is false duuude . 
  am i the only one who only hears a song about balls when that music plays . 
   how so ? 
  it directly counters your claim that a large scale superposition will never happen . 
  quantum error correction provides a means of preventing decoherence . 
  no it does n't there is nothing about what you said that would entail having macroscopic objects in superpositions . 
   the death of determinism is simply fact at this point ( at least from the point of view of anyone inside the universe ), 
  absolutely not , it just entails that determinism is the product of probabilities that are inherently unknowable . 
  that does n't make the outcomes any less set from some with a god 's eye view , but then again that 's just a thought experiment , since such a perspective is impossible . 
  there 's nothing about qm that makes the world any less mechanical than before , it 's just of a different sort than previously imagined . 
  look up determined probabilities for example of this difference . 
   the way classical mechanics arises from quantum mechanics strongly suggests the existence of a multiverse , for crying out loud , is that not a philosophical implication ? 
  ideas about multiverses are pure speculation at this point , they are barely covered in any physics degree . 
  they 're more of a philosophical what if than anything else . 
  furthermore even if they did exist the philosophical implications would be slight at best , perhaps of some interest to ontology and metaphysics , in real terms for people there is no impact . 
   not to mention that whatever is giving rise to interfering waves of probability has got to be downright bizarre . 
  this makes no sense , i mean really know who is to say what is bizarre at the sub-atomic level , it 's not like you have a concept of normality about these things . 
  i 'm sorry but you obviously do n't understand determinism which is why you think what you do . 
  i 've actually written theses about it . 
  qm does not entail that anything is based on `` randomness '' ( whatever that means ) but is based on probability . 
  the possibilities are classical determinism or determined probability , but neither really have any real impact on the determinism question , like i said they 're different ways of looking at the same implications . 
  sure you can get into the bohr-einstein debate and hidden variable theories , quantum non-locality and so forth , but the implications for philosophy are all the same either way . 
  multiverse theory is n't covered because it is n't really science , it 's more ontological . 
  it 's interesting to theoretical physicists because it can be used as a conjecture . 
  all that 's really of interest is the copenhagen interpretation , multiverse is just one of those ideas ( a bit like qm ) , that the public imagination runs away with because it has a certain human appeal . 
  quantum mechanics has very little impact on questions like `` what is it about the things to which we ascribe existence than non-existent things '' . 
  questions like this have been done to death , and there are no `` clear implications '' as you seem to suggest . 
  i 'm afraid you seem to be guilty of what so many people are which is attaching special significance to qm , vastly exaggerating the real impact of theory on reality . 
  the difference between classical determinism and determined probability is pretty clear . 
  in one case there exists a set course that follow 100 % from another , in the other there exists a very real set of probabilities that determine the outcome . 
  what does this mean for prediction ? 
  it means that instead of at one outcome we have to figure the sum of those probabilities that give the relative chance of every possible outcome . 
  the outcome is still determined by prior states , however it 's not a single outcome that is determined by those state but rather a myriad of probabilities . 
  none of this is `` random '' in the strong sense of the term , when we can theoretically measure the probability of an event then it is not truly random , the difference is the outcome is determined by set probabilities rather than a linear single chain of events . 
  if we imagine the multiverse were real for a moment , the theory that holds that all possible outcomes occur and in this moment each universe diverges from the other . 
  god would still be able to know everything that would occur from knowing all the probabilities . 
  once we imagine a god of the multiverse with perfect knowledge of everything , rather than one that exists in only our universe , we 're right back to where we started with classical determinism , insofar that events are in a sense determined , just in a different way than we previously imagined . 
  the multiverse theory can even go as far as reframing the problem of prediction as epistemological , since if we give the same reality to alternative universes as our own , it 's really just a question of us no knowing which universe we 're in . 
  to some being outside of time and space seeing all multiverses simultaneously , it would look at solid and determined as a tree diagram does to us . 
  all that 's changed regarding the question of determinism is that we 're no longer asking ourselves , how is it possible that we exist in a world with a single determined outcome , and are instead how is it possible that we exist in a world of set probability . 
  the core of the question of determinism is about existence of choice , not scientific prediction . 
  this is why qm is far less interesting , unless you 're a physicist at least , than people seem to believe it is , it does n't really change anything as far as we 're concerned , not great problems are solved by qm 's existence , although a host of new ones arise , which is why people like einstein could n't stomach it . 
  going back to schrodinger 's cat , the universe does not allow for it , people seem to take everything regarding qm quite literally as if we could really separate a cat from the universe . 
  the trouble is people have been led to believe through popular culture that qm turns our world upside down , when all it really does it tell that problem we have previously thought to be epistemological may actually be ontological . 
  well big whoop , it 's completely relevant unless you 're a physicist or a philosopher of science . 
  everything else remains the same , whenever i hear people trying to link qm to real world things i cringe because it 's really no better than someone trying to link the existence of the higg 's boson to religion . 
  i do n't know what you 're getting at or trying to say to be honest . 
  of course qm means the universe is slightly different to how maybe a classical physicist would have imagined it .
