  face it , your brain is n't creative enough to dream the whole of reddit . 
  that 's just convenient bullshit , in that it does n't really explain anything . 
  there may not have been time before the start of the universe , just like there was n't an up or down before the start of the universe . 
  but why the hell does the universe have a start point anyway . 
  that 's the good question . 
  this is where science is no better than religion . 
  we can do induction on universes , therefore we ca n't do science on this question . 
  these are n't `` arguments '' , they 're statements . 
  only you can decide whether your specific mortgage on your specific house with your specific income is the right for you . 
  it could 've existed for all eternity . 
  nothing inconsistent about that . 
  a sober irish accent ? 
  that 's just british ... 
  seriously that bastard could keel over and have a heart attack any day . 
  he 's 65 and hardly in shape . 
  we should be pooling donations into a grrm healthcare fund or something . 
  legal weed and other substances . 
  when i first toked a joint when i was 15 i was like i 'm sure stuff will be legal by the time i 'm grown up . 
  that was 11 years ago :( now i do n't even do drugs ... 
  he was after mi lucky charms ... 
  in our defense when that was the case the locals were basically speaking dutch . 
  you still have a lot of petty rules though . 
  you mean they 're frothing at the mouth about paedos and posting saucy pictures of adolescent celebrities simultaneously . 
  they were speaking a low germanic language we now call old english , which is remarkably similar to frisian , a dutch language , although a separate language to the `` dutch '' spoken by most the people in the netherlands these days . 
  frisian is still spoken in parts of holland . 
  you are william hague and i claim my five pounds, 
  das is good , guvna , real swell ... 
  but you are waking up every morning with champagne , caviar and a mountain of coke , sitting at your desk doing more blow and making ruthless politically incorrect jibes at your colleagues , making sexist remarks to your hot female secretary who secretly wants the d but is fighting how much of a douche you are , losing your shit the moment the market opens , slamming the phone on clients soon as something more important comes along , going for fancy lunches in skyscraper restaurants , then after work hitting the night clubs and throwing around thousands of dollars entertaining a bunch of loose women , then going home with a high class hooker every night right ? 
  seriously that 's bs , probably only like 10 % of guys have monobrows . 
  here in england only otc stuff can be advertised , works well , none of this ask your doctor bullshit . 
  the attitude here is very much that if it requires a prescription then unless you 're a doctor you 're not qualified to decide what medicine you should be on . 
  with some of my friends a number of things happened . 
  some grew up quickly , became entirely focused on their careers and relationships , we 'll like send each other messages on birthdays and stuff but there 's no real interest in meeting up like the old days , even though personally i would n't mind , it 's pointless because many become disenchanted with the whole single people hanging out scene . 
  other people who did n't just go get themselves married or in serious relationships , or married to their jobs ? 
  well those people i sort of steadily grew away from , when you 're young you all tend to have more in common , because when you 're 18 you 're expected to be interested in partying , desperately trying to get laid , going to nightclubs , festivals , drunken chaotic holidays . 
  i know some people who are exactly the same now they 're in their late twenties and they 're not very fun to be around . 
  most of them have settled on living their whole lives locally around their families , and just want to get nicer cars , more holidays , bigger televisions for their apartments , probably eventually settling down locally and getting a house , i feel like have given up on doing anything drastically different from their parents . 
  personally i find i do n't have much in common with either groups . 
  i do n't want to prepare to settle here , but nor have i found a career to follow , this is why i 'm looking to move abroad for a while . 
  hopefully i will find a path i 'm happy with . 
  cash 4 gold !, 
  did you know you can exchange gold for actual real life currency ? 
  yes indeed !, 
  shocking is n't it . 
  that stupid shiny yellow metal can be traded for monetary value !, 
  paper bills that can be exchanged for good and services !, 
  do n't be a fool and sell your stupid yellow metal now before the secret is discovered by others and everyone is selling their gold !, 
  a lot of water , then some food with a coffee , then a bath , then fap , then preferably a beer with lunch . 
  works wonders to get those brain chemicals happy again . 
  so you 're saying that the same sentiment expressed in perfect english would not also be cringeworthy ? 
  damn 11/11 conspiracy !, 
  maybe if you 're a complete and utter moron ... yeah ... 
  i remember discovering this film when i was only a stoned teenager late at night on the british channel 4 , blissfully experimenting with weed for the first few times . 
  [ boyd 's journey ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2v-kln_pgqg ) has stuck with me since then as something truly epic . 
  in my opinion this is a seriously underrated film , robert carlyle 's performance is outstanding . 
  a little under 6 is the worldwide average soo i guess that makes your a size queen . 
  i think the big difference is that in the uk mandatory education ends at 16 . 
  in the us it 's 18 . 
  gcse 's are the qualifications at the end of mandatory education in the uk . 
  you will probably take between 8-12 subjects . 
  math and english ( literature and/or language ) are mandatory , you take science - biology , chemistry , physics , and depending on the difficulty you sit this counts for either 2 or 3 gcse 's , then you take geography and/or history , usually at least one language french/german/spanish , then some other subjects , i.t , r.e ( religious education ) , d.t ( design and technology ) . 
  there are some others but i ca n't remember . 
  at 16 you finish school , which is the place where you wear uniform , and then you have a choice of either going to sixth form college , going to technical college , or simply getting a job and starting work . 
  sixth form colleges only take people aging from 16-18 and tend to focus on academic qualifications , which most of the time will be a-levels . 
  you choose 4 subjects for the first year and sit an exam at the end called as-levels . 
  then in your final year you take 3 subjects and your as-grade is added to the grade of your final year 's work to determine your a-level grade . 
  a-level grades are what british universities require to gain entry to academic courses . 
  for example , to study most subjects at oxford you 'll need 3 a grades . 
  on highly competitive courses they 'll also look at your as level grades and gcse grades to determine who gets the places , with the possibility of an interview process as well . 
  if you go to a technical college you 'll probably study one subject , something vocational for 2 years and get a qualification called a btec at the end . 
  this could be a plumbing , bricklaying , hairdressing , beauty treatments and a whole other range of things . 
  most people going to these colleges at 16 are n't looking to go to university but get a qualification that will let them enter the workplace at 18 . 
  that said many of these colleges also teach a-levels because older learners will no longer be eligible to go to sixth form , so if they 're looking to take an academic route they 'll go to a standard college to take a-levels . 
  if you leave school at 16 you 're not going to be qualified to do much , but for many people it 's the only option , that said there is always the option of being trained in something vocational on the job with an apprenticeship or some other on the job qualification . 
  some sixth form colleges might totally forgo the a-level system and teach the international baccalaureate instead which adds an added layer of complication , which is an academic qualification recognised by british universities . 
  there are also multiple recognised exam boards for a-level and gcse qualifications meaning students in different schools will take different syllabuses and have different requirements in terms of coursework assessment and examinations so it 's not really all that simple . 
  they are however all considered equal and approved by an independent regulator , i hope this explains things a bit more . 
  i would n't ask for a doggy bag in anywhere fancy , it 's not considered good form . 
  they might oblige out of courtesy but the request will will most likely take them off guard , and they wo n't have containers anywhere bar restaurants that do take away . 
  the only place i think it would be worth trying this is somewhere like pizza hut which is set up to do take away . 
  i hate how school as become so politicised . 
  when i was at people did n't even get suspended for fighting unless someone was being victimised or seriously hurt . 
  regina pls respond, 
  a man has named himself king of the world by stock piling nuclear , biological and chemical weaponry . 
  his demands are that everyone lives on a diet consisting solely of egg mayonnaise sandwiches . 
  helpless the world complies with his demands , all other food stuff are destroyed . 
  however lack of nutritional variety is killing of the entire population with various deficiencies , leading to the collapse of society with mass looting and cannibals looking for the nutritional variety obtained by consuming human flesh . 
  wherever you live ... leave . 
  hitting the pub after work is a national tradition here . 
  i can do this !, 
  do n't think it 's actually that rare . 
  girls be like daaamn that man 's got skillz, 
  not to be creepy but you are attractive lol . 
  greetings from england . 
  the last time i did this i ended a relationship which on one hand was getting me regularish action , but on the other hand was with someone emotionally unstable and sleeping with other low calibre people . 
  it basically ended the possibility of sorting things out . 
  it was sad in one sense but probably the right thing to do on the other . 
  ultimately the situation sucked either way . 
  making a fuss is when you make a big deal out of something . 
  you could make a fuss of a new baby , by giving it loads of attention and acting like it 's the first baby to be born in the history of mankind .
