  u mad ? 
  america 's largest aircraft carrier :(, 
  yeah in public this is the worst . 
  get angry at a woman and suddenly everyone is nosing around and getting involved . 
  i was in a very bad relationship with someone who was very irresponsible and not together as a person , and also a heavy drinker , we 'd get into rows in the street when she done something stupid like call a dealer at 1am on a tuesday morning with work the next day . 
  it did n't even matter that she doing something complete irresponsible or wrong , did n't matter if she was beyond ordinary reason , shout at a woman in the street and everyone gets involved and thinks you 're being abusive . 
  yeah , it was a major point of conflict amongst the us soldiers stationed in britain during ww2 , to the point that the us military officers would push black and white soldiers to take recreation in different areas to avoid conflict . 
  black us soldiers were even beaten up by white us soldiers for being seen in the company of white british women . 
  the america of the post-war era up until about the 80s seemed like such a politically aware and pro-intellectual liberal culture . 
  even the way the people spoke seems more educated and eloquent . 
  i know a lot of bad stuff still happened back then but by international standards it was positively progressive . 
  wtf happened : /, 
  i 'm not condoning any of that , i 'm just saying that public consciousness seemed higher in many ways , even the propaganda was vastly more sophisticated ... and why did the us government fear communism so much anyway ? 
  because back then there was a chance that people would 've agreed with it and been politically motivated enough to act on it , rather than like now where they do n't even need to fear because people are so apathetic and malleable, 
  i do n't buy that . 
  arnold was real imo . 
  imo ford is more likely to be arnold 's bernard who killed his master when he surpassed him . 
  there was a host in the room when she said that . 
  what is she just rotates out ? 
  ford might be good enough to make a copy that even the family would n't question . 
  she does n't seem like the type who has much close family anyway . 
  i doubt it 'd notice if a relative a barely saw had changed . 
  meh , sjws did n't come until much later . 
  seems like a symptom rather than a cause . 
  notice the technology they have ? 
  everyone on the park is tracked and all the hosts are tracked . 
  ford clearly has complete control of everything even if they 're not aware . 
  notice all the transcription technology they use ? 
  it would n't be hard for a coding genius like ford to monitor key people and have transcripts of their entire daily conversations sent to him at the end of the day . 
  no , i did n't say mccarthyism successfully stopped communism , i just meant that the government feared communism enough to engage in that behaviour only because the public intellectual and political consciousness was generally higher . 
  having a politcally motivated radical coup even seem feasible requires a level of political consciousness that america today lacks . 
  they are allowed in most places , they just do n't because if you do n't smoke then all that nicotine will make you feel bad . 
  lay off the ritalin for a bit imo . 
  no it 's not . 
  not at least in 95 % of the world . 
  stop confusing uptight california for the world . 
  british - vahz, 
  american - vayce or vayz, 
  the devoicing of the consonants in various words in american english is actually a pet peeve of mine , particularly when they talk about houces instead of houses . 
  they can say vayz all they want as far as i 'm concerned , but when they start changing that harder - z sound for the soft - s it just rubs me the wrong way . 
  whenever someone talks about `` movies '' i 'll always say something like `` yeah they 're great films ... '' , but in a super sneaky way so they do n't think i 'm correcting them . 
  not sure that 's the percentage but it 's pretty high , do n't know why you 're being downvoted . 
  there 's like 200 and something million native 1st language english speakers in the us ( once your remove the hispanic and foreign communities ) , and significantly fewer than that in the rest of the anglosphere , even when you 're putting the uk , australia , nz , canada , and ireland together to make the total . 
  people talk about india , but actually only a tiny percentage of the population of india speak english as a first language and classify as native speakers . 
  it 's really just small elite international pockets that learn english before learning any indian language , communicate in english more frequently at home throughout their entire childhood , do all their education in english and speak english equal to or better than any other language they speak . 
  mostly it 's only the kind of families that send their kids to private schools do that in india , and that 's because they 're preparing them to go to study in english at a foreign university and then for a life in the world international business rather than in a local indian community . 
  that said , a huge segment of the indian population speaks indian english to a decent standard ( anywhere between intermediate and complete fluency , remember being fluent in a language does n't make you a native speaker though ) , even if they speak another language natively . 
  what 's going to be really interesting is how development in much of india is going to affect the internet generally . 
  because of the english legacy and different politics , india wo n't be isolated from the rest of the world in the same way the vastly expanding `` chinese internet population '' are . 
  never knew hub cap was an americanism . 
  barely even heard the name wheel trim , and if i 've heard it i 've never put two and two together and realised it was another word for hub cap . 
  then again , it 's not something that i think about very often . 
  i have a radical solution to these americanisms . 
  they seem almost impossible to purge , so what i suggest we do is adopt them but then change their meanings to ensure proper british words do n't get lost . 
  in the same way that mcdonalds sells `` fries '' unworthy of the title `` chips '' , whereas pubs and chippies tend to sell chips . 
  do this enough and the yanks will start looking stupid with their very unspecific and limited vocabulary . 
  no not remotely , at best you 're that annoying middle manager who 's been there so long nobody dares fire him whom the rest of the office wishes would just retire or quit . 
  my parent said that in their 80s . 
  not you , that 's for sure . 
  unless you call bumbling around the office berating people , a shadow of your former self , being in charge . 
  seriously america , get over yourself , you were n't even top dog for that long , you 're just a kind of weird transition stage between the age of imperialism led by britain and the other european imperial powers and the post-colonial period , where countries that were n't historically global imperialists catch up the nations that were . 
  a weird accident by which the seat of global power ironically shifted to the former colony of the imperialist nation itself . 
  there is no simple explanation of the kind you are looking for i do n't think . 
  yeah , because i 'm sure you 're so powerful you can tell the other 7ish billion of us what to do . 
  seriously america , you 're the embarrassing former sports star hanging around bars and getting annoyed when the young 20 something do n't remember who you are . 
  trump is pretty the final nail in the coffin of us respectability . 
  wow ... you seem to have already made a lot of assumptions about how things work in europe . 
  just put the name the qualification ffs . 
  it 's up to them how they value it . 
  if you want put the name of your university to draw attention to its status . 
  however , you do realise that europe is probably the most fussy of all when it comes to qualifications , which means whoever is hiring will almost certainly take the time to research the credibility of your qualification . 
  however , a teaching qualification that would permit you to teach in your native country is always highly valued , so i do n't know why you 're stressing . 
  most of these complaints i have no trouble with , as they 're perfectly logical mistakes to make i.e they are spelt similarly or have similar spellings and related meanings . 
  when people confuse `` then '' and `` than '' though , dear god help us . 
  it 's just a product of the school system and how it makes us feel about maths . 
  in all my school exams i got an a for maths , still fucking hated it for most of my 20s and focussed on literary subjects throughout my adult education . 
  there are enough americans in europe working as teachers to warrant their knowing what 's what . 
  if not there 's always google . 
  you 're unlikely to be applying to huge companies , and even chain schools often do a lot of the candidate selection in house . 
  you seem massively concerned about nothing to me . 
  the cvs that get junked tend to be the ones that do n't live in the country they 're applying to , and want to be promised a job before they move , or the ones with no credible teaching experience and just some unaccredited teaching course without a classroom component . 
  stop overthinking this . 
  says `` color '' , says `` gambol '' , now i 'm confused , did you mean `` gamble '' ? 
  lots of good woody words here . 
  lol you 're hilariously tragic . 
  3 replies ? 
  really ? 
  keep the denial going !, 
  you 're in that weird place where tragedy and comedy meet . 
  i like how you 're linking to some weird norwegian educational programme as your `` authority '' , it 's truly desperate . 
  oh and using autism as an insult , you 're classy . 
  seriously , the stupidity you display is probably the direct cause of america 's decline . 
  if you say so . 
  i think it 's beautiful . 
  all the superfluous diphthongs in the us english sound stupid to me though . 
  eye-raq , ay-rab , vayce , proh-ject and so on . 
  american english gives me the impression of artificiality , of a nation of people who learnt to speak from reading , sounding out every letter as they went , lots of sounds that are n't marked in the spelling are eroded , whereas british english gives priority to the spoken form , dropping superfluous sounds and retaining sounds that you can only learn from hearing others speak , consequently having a more poetic quality , but that 's just my very biased opinion , everyone should speak how they want imo . 
  meh , never even heard of most of these . 
  avenue and boulevards are meant to have trees on them i think . 
  cul de sac is a dead end obviously .
