  stabbings in europe happen vastly less often than shootings in america . 
  the only real barrier to this in the us is the prolific nature of gun ownership that already exists . 
  the whole mentality of castle doctrine and having a gun for protection is fucked . 
  also it 's worth nothing you can still get shotguns and rifles capable of killing people , but they are very hard to obtain legally or illegal , and consequently only a tiny share of criminals bother . 
  edit : the butthurt is strong to day . 
  america gun owners are fucking freaks of nature . 
  why is it that buying a gun illegally costs maybe 1000 euros in europe yet the market is relatively small ? 
  it 's because criminals do n't need to be armed to protect themselves . 
  you assume that the people selling those guns have unlimited supply and market , they absolutely do not . 
  they have a tiny market of only those criminals willing to risk heavy 10 year + mandatory sentences to arm themselves , and the supply is only what they can smuggle in or build themselves from replica parts . 
  well i 'm with the 6 billion people who does n't think it is . 
  sorry you 're still living in the 21st century version of the wild west . 
  yeah , i guess all the statistics showing you 're hundreds of times safer from homicide in almost all wealthy countries with gun control are bullshit like evolution and global warming ... 
   if your idea was n't completely stupid, 
  with no justification, 
   going against our rights as americans, 
  rights can be changed , most countries do n't think laws written hundreds of years ago should apply to modern times . 
   how would you propose we got rid of those 300 million plus guns ? 
  see : the only real barrier to this in the us is the prolific nature of gun ownership that already exists . 
  so what is it about american culture that is so inherently violent that it 's incomparable to other countries ? 
  the gun violence in the us is going on in the cities which have equal policing resources as any rich european nation . 
  population size , density is irrelevant . 
  nobody is suggesting taking farmer joe 's shotgun away , in fact many european farmers are gun owners too . 
   did n't have a fraction of the guns, 
  see : the only real barrier to this in the us is the prolific nature of gun ownership that already exists, 
   the terrorists in paris do n't count . 
  wow an isolated incident which is frankly greatly preferable to the hundreds of homicides that happen every year in the us . 
   until an entity can 100 % promise my protection at all points in time , i will defend myself . 
  guess what ? 
  no one is responsible for my safety other than myself . 
  that 's one of the many uses of our second amendment . 
  to protect ourselves . 
  yeah that 's logical , when it increases your chances of being killed so greatly . 
  hell let 's legalise murder , then i can murder anyone who comes too close and i 'll be safe , despite the fact it makes me millions of times more likely to be murdered . 
   especially from overzealous individuals like yourself . 
  wow , glad i 'm so scary . 
  you amendments are a badly written 200 year old piece of paper , hate to break it to you . 
  they deserve no more respect than a law saying you ca n't use a crossbow on wednesdays . 
  nice fallacy . 
  it might be true if we assume the lion tries to eat 10 gazelles a year , however the gazelles horns reduce this to only 5 gazelles eaten a year , but 500 gazelles are dying from horn fighting a year . 
  makes sense to bear the cost of the 5 extra deaths by lion and take away the horns , than keep the horns and have 505 dying a year . 
  no you 're a waste of time . 
  so brainwashed that you ca n't see the success gun control in every developed nation that implements it . 
  you love the founding fathers so much you 're happy to pay the price of hundreds of lives a year just maintain that they were n't wrong about something . 
  germany was awash with guns after ww2 , everyone and their grandma had a machine gun , however slowly over time they managed to get rid of them . 
  america could do something similar if their was impetus for it . 
  other countries with prolific gun ownership managed to slowed reduce their availability . 
  not suggesting it could happen overnight but incrementally over 30 years america could work towards a reduced gun society . 
  maybe you should make them have that duty them , they are your police after all . 
  changing your police force 's mentality is not like outlawing corruption is it . 
  maybe you should have a protest , maybe you should demand more from your politicians . 
  i hardly think it 's impossible . 
  furthermore , why ca n't you protect your home with a rifle or a shotgun . 
  gradually working to get rid of concealable weapons at a federal level would be a start . 
  milk came out my nose reading this . 
  [ freedom ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/edward_snowden ) of [ speech ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/chelsea_manning ) . 
  [ freedom of press ] ( http://index.rsf.org/#!/index-details ), 
  [ my right to no unreasonable search and seizure . 
  ] ( http://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/investigative/2014/09/06/stop-and-seize/ ), 
  it 's so funny you think you have those things . 
  a mark of the truly brainwashed . 
  north koreans probably go around telling themselves they have equality in the same fashion . 
  except their not , most of those so called lions are actually gazelles who would be nothing more than petty criminals in other nations whose lives are still worthwhile and capable of reform . 
  however you 'd rather portray them as lions to wash the blood off your hands , not to mention all the dead victims and bystanders who were gazelles through and through . 
  yeah , so even if it saves hundreds of lives and only minorly inconveniences you by having to use a low power rifle it 's not worth it ? 
  cars are necessary for modern life to function so it 's worth it . 
  swimming pools barely kill anyone and you ca n't stop people swimming in lakes or the sea so it 's pointless anyway . 
  arguable cigarettes should be be banned yes , they cost a lot of society and the individual with no real gain for the user . 
  alcohol is n't as bad as cigarettes health wise and people enjoy it , although that 's not to say it wo n't be replaced by safer more enjoyable future substances , but something so culturally ingrained will take a long time . 
  sports barely kill anyone either . 
  none of those are comparable apart from maybe cigarettes , and we 're slowly moving towards a world where they wo n't be available to the public , so why not guns too ? 
  yeah the founding fathers also kept slaves right , so i guess they were right there too . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's irrational as religious logic . 
  a bit like the bible ... `` thou shalt not kill '' good ... `` thou shalt not steal '' good ... '' if [ ] the girl was not found a virgin , then they shall bring out the girl to the doorway of her father 's house , and the men of her city shall stone her to death because she has committed an act of folly in israel by playing the harlot in her father 's house '' err ... good ? 
  damn germans , actually paying attention to the shitty things america does like spy their allies and pressure the world in the direction that benefits their super rich elites with foreign policy , why ca n't they be good yuropoors and accept their subordination . 
  flawed rules , like any other rules . 
  trial by jury , great , until you have some massively complicated technical fraud wherein the professional witness basically just tell the jury what 's what . 
  other countries have done fine without this bill o'rights and they 're also hundreds of times safer from death inflicted by criminals or police . 
  who 's to say if he had kept running horizontal that he would n't have lined up with the tyre and become flat ? 
  obviously not deliberate but could have saved him by pure fluke . 
  yes but you 're wrong . 
  no yours is . 
  wow stalking me now . 
  you must be extremely butthurt . 
  it 's a cost benefit analysis wanker, 
  wow yeah you are super butthurt , 3 different threads now ? 
   without guns , they 'd use raw strength , and other weapons like knives , right ? 
  no , as every developed nation with gun control with far less homicides per capita demonstrates ... 
   we realize that the ultimate proof of freedom is the ability to defend yourself and not rely on the nanny state to do it for you, 
  i lol 'd . 
  an ideology like that is the ultimate proof of being a tard perhaps . 
  i 'll take a safe strong socialised society where the people are the government and vice versa over you 're stupid nightmarish ideas of freedom any day . 
  i for one do not believe all government is tyrannical like your indoctrination tells you . 
  the british were n't tyrannical towards america ever , and you 've invented a fantasy narrative around that notion to justify a society that venerates greed , self-interest and militaristic domination . 
  as americans are fond of saying `` good jawb !, 
  those statistics are a crock o'shite my friend . 
  what 's to respond to . 
  countries with gun control have less violent crime than the us . 
  countries with gun control have less homicide than the us . 
  the site you 're posting has doctored statistics that do n't establish any causation whatsoever .
