  this is because in the rest of the world `` lemonade '' is any sprite like substance , whilst in the us `` lemonade '' only applies to old fashioned style lemonade . 
  the us does n't would have to call what everyone else calls `` lemonade '' except perhaps `` lemon flavoured soda '' , but she 's chosen sprite since that 's the lemon flavoured soda most americans are familiar with . 
  furthermore lots of your american language is childlike and simple . 
  `` sidewalk '' because you walk on the side , `` last name '' because it 's the name that comes last , `` blinker '' because it blinks . 
  you 're in no place to judge . 
  you 're full of shit mate . 
   clearly you 've done your fair share of research into this , into how the nervous systems of plants and animals are exactly the same ( / s ) and as well as researching me personally and knowing i 'm morally bankrupt so to speak . 
  nervous system has nothing to do it . 
  all a nervous system is an information system , if you had a clue about biology then you would know that . 
  like i said i do n't want to inflict unnecessary pain on any living thing . 
  however we know as a fact that excluding perhaps great apes and dolphins all animals do not have the intelligence to be remotely self-aware . 
  in many they are more like plants than humans , they react to stimulus and move around , but they have no awareness of their own existence , they simply act they do n't think , much like a tree that reacts to sunlight . 
   an animal has transformed the world 's of many an individual , and we learn things from animals that change the world everyday . 
  and i mean more than what you learn from animals which is that you think they 're great when they 're crispy . 
  this is what i mean by irrational sentimentality . 
  you are confusing with the emotional reaction some humans have around animals with something an animal actually does . 
  let me make it clear , a cat will eat its owner when they die if not prevented , and so would wild carnivorous animal had they opportunity . 
   hell , even someone like einstein would be agreeing with this sentiment that we should n't be killing animals , but fuck einstein right ? 
  he was clearly also a dumb ass . 
  yeah because einstein was a genius physicist that means he 's an expert on everything now . 
  einstein thought a lot of things , not all of them were right . 
   please do some research into ` humane killing ' and what it fucking actually means once you pull that last drumstick out of your ass , and realize you 've just been duped tremendously . 
  you 're hilarious . 
  if i walked up behind you right now with a shotgun and pulled the trigger you 'd be dead before your nervous system could send pain signal to your brain and register the feeling . 
  that is humane killing . 
  if you want to be a vegan on the grounds to you do n't like the industrial methods of raising and processing animals , that 's your choice . 
  but the act of killing an animal is not by default inhumane , that position is indefensible . 
  absolutely none of those point are even relevant here . 
  - science learning from animals , yes we do , and part of that involves killing them , which according to your would be immoral and inhumane . 
  dug yourself a hole there have n't you . 
  - sustainability , i never questioned this , i 'm well aware that the current level of consumption is unsustainable . 
  that is n't the point i was disagreeing with you on . 
  i 'm talking about the morality of killing non-endangered animals for a purpose . 
  nothing about this makes the act of killing a rabbit for educational purposes `` horrific '', 
  - nervous system , this is a question about how animals are treated when they are alive . 
  again besides the point i was talking about . 
  i 've already said that i think animal cruelty is wrong , but if i raise my own chickens in humane conditions what is wrong with that ? 
  - humane killing is a marketing scam . 
  this is complete bullshit point you 've concocted , you immediately start talking about the irrelevant issue of how animals are treated when they are alive , how they are produced . 
  i 'm talking about the act of killing animals not how they get there . 
  you said it was horrific to kill , skin and butcher a rabbit for the purpose of education . 
  you 've already contradicted yourself here by saying there is a value to what we learn from animals in science which includes their killing and dissection . 
  putting a bolt through an animal 's brain is a humane act of killing , the animal feels nothing . 
  - nothing by darwin . 
  sure i have n't ... actually i 'm clearly far more educated on these matters than you . 
  furthermore darwin was born 200 years ago and all his work has been replaced by far more accurate work . 
  humans can live without meat , unless they want to be professional athletes or in optimal physical condition . 
  nevertheless humans do n't need anything like the quantities of meat they currently consume , and this is probably something that will have to change , but it does n't make your ridiculous `` ethical '' position on the act of killing animals any more defensible . 
  the great irony is that i 'm well aware about the insustainability of current levels of meat consumption as well as the lip service that many supposedly `` ethical '' meat producers pay to the market demand for better conditions for cattle animals . 
  the only difference between me in you in fact is i 'm not an irrational emotional douchebag that thinks all animal killing is murder and thinks it 's at all rational for us all to switch to an entirely meat free diet . 
  fyi i 'm not australian . 
  come on guys , the different between hogies and philly cheese steaks is clearly just as significant as that of coddle and haggis . 
  nothing else is relevant . 
  the fact that scotland was entirely different country with its own language and history is culturally irrelevant . 
  all that matter is the food and the word we use for water fountain / indicators . 
  i 'm sorry but you are a dumb dumb individual . 
   lol !, 
  how can you even say shit like humans need to consume meat unless they want to be athletes or in optimal physical condition ? 
  are you suggesting there are no olympians that do n't eat meat ? 
  what a joke !, 
  i could name plenty of amazing athletes who are n't imbeciles like you, 
  99 % eat meat . 
  happy . 
   guess they do n't call it ` down under ' for nothing . 
  are you fucking drunk mate ? 
  why do you keep calling me australian , are you retarded ? 
   on the topic of animals and science , a great issue for many scientists today is exactly the unethical treatments of animals within science !, 
  tons of companies are dropping animal testing because they realize it holds no merit when it comes to human practices . 
  oh yeah of course . 
  except the mandatory requirement for all pharmaceuticals to have been tested on animals first . 
  clearly they 're dropping this tried and tested part of drug testing . 
  i think you might be getting confused with the cosmetics industry . 
   darwin 's work has been replaced by more accurate work ? 
  so that 's why people still believe in evolution ? 
  200 years ago the world was n't facing an obesity epidemic and there were n't lard asses like you falling over themselves and suffering from heart disease left and right . 
  is this the optimal physical condition you were referring to ? 
  yes because we still call it `` evolution '' that means we still follow exactly what darwin said . 
  i 'm sorry pal but now i know you never got further than school level education , that 's the dumbest thing i 've read today . 
  in the past they ate meat funnily enough . 
   i never contradicted myself on anything , it is your stupidity that you are trying to use to put words in my mouth with conjecture . 
  [ conjecture ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g2y8sx4b2sk ) . 
  you 've just said we learn from animals , do you really think we learn all this from looking at them ? 
   animal killing is murder . 
  the only ethical death would be to inject then the way they do humans , but then you 'd be consuming even more chemicals than you already are . 
  unfortunately it looks as though you 've consumed too many already , it 's making you sound silly . 
  utterly retarded . 
  the only reason we use injections is because it 's a less violent method and leaves an unmarked corpse for relatives to grieve over . 
  a bolt/bullet in the head is completely painless way to go . 
  look just give up mate . 
  you are simple mentally challenged individual that lacks the capacity to think rationally about these issues . 
  i sincerely hope one day you are eaten by bears therefore learning the hard way not to be ridiculously sentimental and irrational about animals . 
   yes for the umpteenth fucking time , i said we learn from animals . 
  did i say we learn from animals by killing them you fucktard ? 
  no we learn by working with them . 
  are we killingg monkeys and dolphins you fucking idiot ? 
  no , we study them , we play with them , learn their behaviors . 
  not killing them you absolute moron . 
  yes and rainbow coloured unicorns fly around in the sky . 
  you clearly know nothing about science . 
   i 'm not sure what hole you crawled out of but whatever you were saying about mandatory drug testing on animals is completely fucking false with also many companies either completely moving away from this or adhering to strict guidelines because unlike your worthless vessel that is a shell of a human being science does consider ethical concerns since they study the impact they also have on the animals they 're studying .
