  what the fuck is wrong with american media . 
  there is no debate here . 
  it 's just two people taking turns at saying it . 
  you 're quite frankly a moron , that health insurance is just an employee cost to your company , without that cost they would be free to pay you that money . 
  naturally there 's no guarantee they would pay you it , but they could . 
  unless you 're literally arguing that money would n't exist without the cost of paying for your health insurance , which is frankly ridiculous . 
  you 're an idiot and i hope one day health issues bankrupt you , there 's a host of reason you could lose your job , who 's to say what your company will be doing in 5 or 10 years , and given what a tit you are i think many of them are quite realistic . 
  this always happens , with the nhs especially but actually with everything . 
  british people love to moan and our newspapers reflect this . 
  however the ignorant right wingers in the us love to take this as a reflection of the failure of british moderate politics . 
  in reality the problems we have are minor , in truth the nhs is fine , immigration is fine , the eu is fine , we 're just a nation of critics who want nothing but the best for our society , because whilst these things are fine they 're obviously not quite perfect . 
  americans should understand that if we had the social issues america is facing we 'd be out in the streets in force , because we 're used to a society that provides a certain level of welfare and support for its citizens . 
  yes , clearly health insurance is free . 
  there is no cost anywhere a long the line . 
  it 's embarrassing watching you try to claim this . 
  yeah when you 're forty you drink cheap vodka and shag her up the arse . 
  london was there before the romans bruh !, 
  the worst programme you watch anyway because it 's on . 
  and to the proper northerns everywhere south of manchester is south . 
  pretty sure manchester is just the next stop after watford and the rest just does n't really exist . 
  the town is shithole though, 
  it has the largest muslim population , although contrary to what people think it 's not the most densely muslim area by a long shot . 
  it has a few neighbourhoods that are like 90 % muslim and they look like someone dumped a bit of bangladesh in an industrial british city . 
  actually an alright place , good curry , just keep an eye out for the chavs . 
  it 's an industrial working class city that unlike manchester does n't over-hype itself on the grounds that they had a few decent bands 30 years ago . 
  it also has a large indian/pakistani population . 
  it 's not really that bad but it takes a lot of shit . 
  it also has a very distinctive and inelegant accent . 
  ozzy osbourne is from there . 
  we are not strong at international football , that one takes the biscuit my friend . 
  only us and the dutch can compete really . 
  use the broad - a most the world uses , instead of the very english invention , the short a. 
  the broad a is the sound you make when the doctor says stick your tongue out and say `` ah '', 
  well kinda , the south west use it the traditional way which is the long - a , it 's the same as the way northerners say class but longer . 
  it was actually the long - a that morphed into the broad - a in south east . 
  northerns being plebs did n't differentiate at all . 
  you 're fucking wrong . 
  anyone said it that way in the uk would get a paddling . 
  just like you won vietnam . 
  sounds american to me . 
  they 're basically welsh anyway . 
  bloody brythonics, 
  bookmarking this shit for the next time i see an american saying nobody can understand how big america is . 
  europe is big !, 
  now i 'm just popping down to moscow for the evening in my little peugeot , should n't take too long from madrid . 
  what ever is to be said of cliff richard , the man could hold a tune . 
  it 's not black it 's cockney, 
  i would say it 's a much better question , the scots and n. irish and welsh have their own things , you ca n't just lump it into one you know . 
  or you know , peacefully achieve their independence in a spirit of enlightenment with a sad fondness for each other . 
  at first i was like fuck this , but to be fair you know what it is to be english , the bastard beautiful nation . 
  guess what , when different things ( peoples ) come together they make their own unique thing , and that is what english culture is , to deny english culture is the only fallacy here . 
  so here we go :, 
  - arguing about the correct pronunciation of scone, 
  - deciphering everything you need to know about a person from their accent, 
  - drinking cider in park aged 14 and having your first sexual experience that way, 
  - starting your night out at 7pm and finishing at 3am, 
  - relentlessly taking the piss out of colonials but being strangely fond of them, 
  - relentless shit talking the mainlanders but secretly admiring them ( at least they 're not bloody colonials ), 
  no , you 're the loud obnoxious cousin nobody wants to talk about . 
  sure beats the yankee equivalent of calling people `` honey '' , that 's just obnoxious . 
  closeted gay people can have empathy too , who would 've known . 
  crazy ass-cult ... , 
  you 're either an excellent liar or actually delivered , i do n't know which is more realistic . 
  i always worry that i 'm not putting enough commas into my text actually . 
  i mean is there even a rule for when one should put a comma into a text in english . 
  i remember something from school about how you can use commas like brackets to add something into the narrative providing it would still make sense if you removed the part enclosed by the commas . 
  semi colons and colons i 'm fine with , but commas ? 
  what the fuck ? 
  i only put that last comma in because it seemed like a natural pause . 
  seriously they should teach you this shit in school instead of just trying to be inspiring and shit . 
  you guys ' comma system makes way more sense to be honest , nicely splitting up clauses is far more logical than the english comma clusterfuck . 
  ok but it 's a piece of piss to teach yourself to do so . 
  `` ich mag die frauen '' can stand alone as a sentence , so it 's your main clause . 
  `` die lange haare haben '' does n't make sense without the other part , so you have your subordinate clause . 
  german does n't even work without commas !, 
  the worst part of all this . 
  strictly speaking mama is n't even the german for mother . 
  it 's mutter or if you want to shorten it , mutti . 
  * people seem mad , i know kids call their mothers mama in germany , i do live there . 
  point is mama is also the word for mother in like 10 other languages and is even used in english . 
  the way he explains its meaning you 'd think it was a uniquely german word originating in germany , which it 's not . 
  [ * who knew dinosaurs were german ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hnr4hkbsh7i ), 
  the difference is that the german rules for commas is to put a comma between clauses , the english rules are way more complicated and lead to situations where you have a bloody long sentence , but do n't know if you can put commas in because you have n't hit any of the correct conjunctions and such . 
  if you 're literally asking why to two rules sets came about then you 'll need to ask someone who knows a lot more about the history of english and german grammar than i do . 
  remember he 's 100 % pure bred german , even though his mother ( mama ) does n't know how long she 's been in america ( poor woman ) . 
  his german breeding is so pure , who are we to question his knowledge of the german language ? 
  you keep saying that word , i 'm not sure you know what it means . 
  yeah . 
  i am 100 % richtiges deutches fleisch and my mother does n't know when she got to america , i lift all day because , silly rabbit , video games are for kids !, 
  are n't i normal and will not end up wearing your face like a hat one day . 
  it 's not a german word . 
  i know it 's not uncommon for germans to call their mothers mama , but this is also true for most of europe . 
  to call mama the german for mother is like saying papa is the german for father , it 's just wrong . 
  mama is the german word for mother about as much as pops is the english for father . 
  sure people use it , but it 's not literally the english word for father . 
  are you mentally deranged ? 
  loads of countries use mama . 
  it comes from latin , strictly speaking it 's not a german word it 's a loan word . 
  if it 's the german word for mother then it 's also the english word for mother , since it 's used by english speakers too . 
  this debate is getting kinda pedantic .
