  seems to me to be either a completely ineffectual system that can only rely on what people disclose with no way of verifying it , or the burden of proof is just randomly put on those who seem like non-residents , which could lead to racial and ethnic profiling . 
   dont most hospitals ask for id when ` checking in ' ? 
  which id would that be ? 
  i still have a uk passport and a uk driving licence , i 'm living abroad not renouncing citizenship . 
   i simply pointed out why they need to check your resident status . 
  my point is that they have no solid way to check this . 
  most countries require people to register their residency or non-resident status , this way they have an objective measure of who is and is n't officially resident . 
  the uk does n't have that , so they 're just going off what someone says or very weak forms of proof like official letters , bills , and bank statements . 
  the discriminatory part could potentially occur when it comes to who is required to confirm their residency and who is simply assumed to be telling the truth . 
   if you had a ehic then the charges get passed on to the appropriate country , same if you are from outside the eea , then it goes to your insurer or whoever . 
  i guess so , does the ehic have some register or something ? 
  i mean i now actually have two ehic cards , my old british one and a new one ( same info on both ) . 
  the thing is , if i came back to the uk tomorrow for good , there 's no way of informing the british government that i 'm back and resident , it seems the residency requirement are really vague and to do with your `` intentions '' . 
  i do n't see how the nhs has any way to distinguish a non-resident british national back for a holiday from a recently returning ex-non-resident who has come back for good . 
  this is obviously concerning , because if i do return to the uk i will no doubt cancel my insurance policy here , and i would n't want to be in limbo without nhs or my private insurance . 
  i 'm pretty sure i could provide those documents they 're asking for , despite not being resident , i still have stuff in the uk in my name . 
  as for other checks , i 'm not sure what they could be , the uk does n't seem to keep very good track of who is and is n't residing in the country . 
  still , theoretically i could easily just give my parents address as a permanent address . 
  again , in most countries you have to register your address with the government officially , whereas in the uk there 's nothing to go on asides perhaps shaky outdated information like the electoral register . 
  point is that is does n't seem like a system that can be enforced effectively on non-resident british nationals , which makes me suspect that it 's unfair towards , say , a migrant polish worker without much paperwork or roots , but ineffectual at catching non-resident british nationals who pop home for a bit of free care . 
  that 's just harsh . 
  i 'm in the eu at least and the government subsidised and regulated health insurance companies are actually pretty decent . 
  even if you do n't pay it , the worst that can happen is they make you back pay the standard rate since the point you were uninsured , no worries about going truly bankrupt from that , the worst case scenario is ending up a few thousand euros in debt . 
  that seems incredibly harsh . 
  in most countries it 's as simple registering yourself resident or non-resident . 
  when you return you simply register yourself as resident , when you leave you register yourself as non-resident . 
  in most cases , as soon as you get back , provided you register yourself resident then you 're golden . 
  in the uk it seems fundamentally ambiguous what your status is if you leave the country for a time . 
  what it 'd really like to know is whether or not is truly is `` fair enough '' in the eyes of the government , so that if i do come back i do n't have to fear that i 've done something wrong and know exactly what i 'm entitled to . 
  i think the student thing is because they get a lot people students staying on their local gp , or joining their local gp during the summer holidays , only to sod off back to uni a few weeks later . 
  this makes the books look fuller than they should and could potentially lead to new registrants being turned away unnecessarily . 
  wow , what a cunt you must be sir . 
  the norm in the uk is to empty the tray into the bin and then place the tray on top of it . 
  once a few build up then a staff member will come and collect those trays . 
  i 've noticed in many other countries they wo n't put bins in the fast food places , maybe because they have to sort the waste for disposal , so instead they have tray slots where you simply slide your tray in with all the bits still on it , never seen this in the uk . 
  ultimately it 's not a big deal if you leave your tray out on the table , the staff will do it for you , it 's much worse if you fuck up the area dropping stuff on the floor and getting ketchup everywhere . 
  that will piss them off . 
  the only speed averaging cameras that i 've know to actually give people tickets are the yellow ones they put up on roadworks . 
  most `` smart motorways '' are meant to have speed averaging cameras , which is why the have the speed camera icon on signs all over them . 
  if they are ever turned on at all , i 'm sure they have a large margin of error though , because i 've sped through them and never been ticketed , and even then that 's with dozens of people going much faster . 
  sometimes they just seem to turn down the speed limit for no reason whatsoever . 
  sometimes it 's part of active traffic management , which means they see cars getting clustered and slowing ahead and try to slow down the cars behind to prevent a bottle neck . 
  i would n't worry too much about them . 
  at 1am with 3 cars on the whole motorway and the speed limit saying 50 most people tend to just ignore them and stick to 70 . 
  watch out for the yellow ones though , i got caught once by one and had to do a stupid speed awareness course to avoid 3 points ( i 'm not suggesting speed awareness is stupid , merely that the particular course i took was , it really was dreadful ) . 
  hmm i think my gp is near where i used to live in the uk , but i could stick with it i guess . 
  the tracksuit thing is a stereotype from the 80s 90s when adidas gained a somewhat of a status symbol in russia . 
  it gained a reputation for being popular with young russians trying to flaunt their status by wearing imported clothing brands . 
  adidas comes from germany so it naturally spread eastwards when the barriers between the east and west started to decay . 
  now it 's really nothing more than clich\u00e9 , but i 'm sure adidas still sells well in russia . 
  typically all caf\u00e9 places and similar where they sell food and drink in non-disposable containers have those trays . 
  i should have made more clear that my point is that a lot of places in europe seem to have them in places like mcdonalds . 
  come to think of it , maybe it 's because mccaf\u00e9 has real cutlery and dishes . 
  do / r/irlsmurfing and / r/actlikeyoubelong cancel each other out ? 
  [ this one is different but still pretty chant like when he gets into it ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mrvhp803edu ) . 
  i think it 's just something that agricultural communities do . 
  people who buy antiques are too stiff for it . 
  here 's another [ one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vuqm8hk-xre ), 
  yes, 
  blue passports !, 
  and it 's only costing us billions of pounds !, 
  what a bargain !, 
  good . 
  hopefully it can invade the uk and liberate us from our corrupt unelected dictatorship . 
  the day i have to start putting / s on obvious sarcasm / facetiousness on / r/unitedkingdom is the day i renounce my british citizenship . 
  i would 've welcomed an eu army , perhaps that would stop future instances of bullshit like the illegal invasion of iraq . 
  as a `` remainer '' i never said that an eu army was n't a possibility , it 's a possibility i welcome unlike like the kneejerk racist `` amg mainlanders are nazis '' brexiteer crowd . 
  no , we do not use / s here . 
  / s is for morons who ca n't interpret sarcasm . 
  the reason why many believe an eu army is just an unthinkable and awful idea seem to be built entirely on shitty strawmen . 
  furthermore i never said anyone was `` anti-european '' is your strawman right there is the strawiest of the lot . 
  funny how you neglect to mention any of them . 
  funny , because the most aggressive member of the eu states military happens to be ? 
  oh right , yeah us , the uk . 
  frankly i think we 're safer with an eu army than one being led by the british government . 
  good it will never be used , then we can avoid wars unless we absolutely need them . 
  you say , with no justification or argument whatsoever . 
  it was kind of half and half , he tries to keep in character on set but the anger made him lose it a bit . 
  your argument can be destroyed with two words : tom cruise, 
  it 's a different kind of friendly , people mistake their not smiling when they speak a shop assistant as meaning they 're unfriendly . 
  perhaps friendly is the wrong word . 
  it 's more that they are sociable and socially open . 
  in a pub you can have an outwardly very friendly chat with someone in a pub , with lots of jokes and banter , but behind it is this tacit assumption that `` it does n't mean anything , this is just for now , i have my real mates , you probably have real mates , this interaction is just for show '' . 
  even if you keep running into that person it will take a very long time before any real friendship occurs . 
  in germany people seem comparatively much more open and form friendships with others . 
  it 's not like you can make best friends overnight , but generally they do n't meet each other with the distrust of an insider / outsider mindset to the same degree . 
  there 's probably some tech for detecting when a dive is controlled or just due to lack of input . 
  confirm , do n't live in america , never had gogurt . 
  one y away from what they are, 
  people like to shit all over dubs , but they do n't seem to realise why they 're necessary . 
  in some countries there is such a demand for foreign media that like 50 % of it is in a foreign language , sure 50 % of that country might be at a good level with that language but if you do n't dub you lose 50 % of your audience . 
  subtitled films are great , when you 're watching one occasionally , but when you get back from work you just want to rest , you do n't always want to read subtitles . 
  of those 50 % that can speak the language , some of them might not be fluent enough to really watch a film without effort or occasionally losing the conversation , even the ones that speak it fluently might simply not want to be bothered to think in that other language . 
  so that leaves a minority of purists who want it in the native language . 
  also in some countries , things are n't just dubbed from english , they 're dubbed from french , german , italian , and spanish as well . 
  they just adapt to the dubbing . 
  i think how far the art of dubbing has come on is really impressive . 
  when i watch dubbed stuff in german i 'm amazed at the job they do . 
  the japanese dubbing is n't quite as good but i think fitting an asian language like japanese to a european language like english is much more of a challenge . 
  when i watch some stuff dubbed to german it 's impressive who well they match the dialogue to the mouth movements .
