  apparently when you really need to worry is when someone entirely earnestly starts offering you money , because then they might not be joking and actually be serious about it . 
  camels have n't been a common currency in egypt for a very long time unsurprisingly . 
  while the sentiment is dumb , the historical side of guns is actually pretty fascinating . 
  they 're for hotels , trust me they 're very common in german hotels, 
  in the uk i always wore shoes in the house . 
  the only exception being those families with lots of kids and nice carpets . 
  since i became an adult i 've rarely been asked to remove shoes . 
  we travel . 
  not really , many people opt to have their standard issue firearm stored after they leave the military service if they do n't want the hassle of keeping it stored in their house . 
  lol i do n't get it ? 
  was she asking if he 's dead ? 
  it 's a joke with camels , it might not be a joke if they start offering currency though . 
  no need for such language !, 
  [ oh dear ] ( https://xkcd.com/1053/ ), 
  i know it 's cute and all but i feel like they should had at least tried to explain that `` bear '' can also mean turn . 
  maybe they did later and i hope that was the case . 
  leaving kids to their naive cute mistakes is funny and all but i think it helps kids when you try to explain stuff to them as earnestly as impossible . 
  i always appreciated it when adults did it as a kid , and hated it when adults tried to fob you off with an explanation that was clearly nonsense . 
  i think you could still have a tipping culture while guaranteeing waiters and waitresses minimum wage . 
  dialects are a thing . 
  we do n't give you shit for saying `` this is different ** than ** that '' . 
  if we 're going to get on our schoolma'amish grammar high horses then `` than '' is meant to be for comparatives . 
  furthermore `` i just saw '' is n't particularly good english as far as british english is concerned . 
  `` i 've just seen '' would be better . 
  how about you do n't give us shit about saying stuff like `` i seen '' and we wo n't give you shit about your incomplete perfect tense . 
  otherwise do n't talk shit until the entirety of your nation realises that words like `` already '' , `` just '' , and `` yet '' all demand the perfect aspect . 
  what 's funny is that this title is n't even wrong , it 's you who 's so lacking in imagination that you ca n't see that he 's dropped the `` i 've '' rather than an `` i '' . 
  if anyone ca n't speak the language it 's you . 
  actually it should be `` i 've '', 
  `` i just saw '' is principally an americanism that avoids the perfect tense . 
  the title is correct , he 's just dropped the `` i 've '' , it 's you who 's assumed he 's dropped only the `` i '' . 
  for now it was lovely music that came to my aid . 
  there was a window open with the stereo on and i viddied right at once what to do . 
  this is the biggest load of crap , no offence . 
  you must be german , because i hear these kind of silly superstitions from germans all the time ( i live in germany ) . 
  - i do n't like cards about debt is bad, 
  false : unaffordable debt is bad , affordable debt is good . 
  if you can benefit from debt , i.e make more money with the loan than the interest or benefit more from paying the interest than you would saving the money , then you 'd be an idiot not to take the debt, 
  - easy card payments will make me overspend because i ca n't see it, 
  false : only if you 're a moron , in which case you 'll probably overspend anyway . 
  this is no different from saying do n't build that cash machine next to my house it will encourage me to take more money out . 
  - you ca n't trust the company in charge of the transfer, 
  false : you trust a bank with all your money , yet you wo n't trust a company that tells your bank to transfer 10 euros to another person . 
  despite being digital records of anything and often insurance against false payments . 
  - paying with cards takes too long, 
  false : card payment take a comparable amount of time to a cash transaction , with contactless even less time, 
   i was raised to be very , very scared of debt and cards, 
  which is ultimately the only reason why you hold these irrational incorrect beliefs . 
  i love germany , but the banking system is inconvenient as shit and about 20 years behind the rest of the world , german banks are screwing their customers at every opportunity and there 's definitely some weird 14th attitude anti-usury thing going on . 
  at least 50 courics, 
  we do n't think that at all , it only sounds american if the style is american , like someone deliberately singing in a rhythm and blue style , or some soul singing wannabe beyonc\u00e9 . 
  that article is a crock of shit , the author claims not to be able to hear noel gallagher 's manchester accent and says it sounds like a southern american drawl which is ridiculous , so everything said there is nonsense . 
  i hear americans say they think the beatles and the clash sound american , which is just as ridiculous . 
  accents are simply less noticeable when people sing , which is why foreign singers can get away with singing in languages that are n't their native without it being so obvious . 
  special brew or tenants is always a sign of shame if you ask me . 
  i 'd be queuing up with my daily 4 cans of becks or heineken slowly judging the other client\u00e8le for their choice of purchase . 
  ah yes , because if it does n't look nice it must not taste nice right ? 
  aesthetics are way more important than taste right ? 
  we like our laws , if you do n't like them then stay where you are , you wo n't be missed . 
  you 're just paranoid , or have very ill behaved nature enthusiasts . 
  just enjoying some more of that euro freedom , damn it 's good to be free , free from student debt , free from hospital bills , free from criminals with guns , free to drink a whisky with the old man on my 18th birthday , and indeed free to roam the private countryside of my home nation . 
  people often ask me what it means to be a european . 
  i tell 'em it 's triumph . 
  triumph when we negotiate peace treaties with our enemies . 
  triumph when when we look at the world map and realise it was almost entirely civilised by our ancestors . 
  triumph when we give the largest percentage of our gdp to help 3rd world nations . 
  triumph when we send our troops into war zones as nato observers to prevent war crimes . 
  triumph when we use flying robots to assist in ski rescue operations , and other robots to land on the very face of comets . 
  triumph when we build colonies in barbaric lands and triumph when we assist them in attaining independence out of respect for their right to self determination . 
  but it 's not just the the big things , see ? 
  it 's the way i can sit on a public bench outside the town hall while drinking an open container of alcohol with friends and share a toast to freedom while watching refugees enter our continent of dignity , their eyes filled with hope for the future . 
  it 's the way a cabbie in new york gasps when i tell him the minimum wage in my country . 
  it 's seeing the borders between nations marked by nothing but a small sign as i blast down the european autobahns and motorways at 130km/h . 
  it 's the way a qu\u00e9b\u00e9cois waiter nods approvingly when i order quality wine , in good french knowing full well he respects my cultural sophistication . 
  the way a texan jealously baulks when i tell him about my 6 weeks paid holiday a year , or the scowl on the tellers face that meets my smirk when i exchange my national currency in an la bank for oh so many us dollars . 
  the way small mobs of kindergarteners follow me from a distance to see what a free man looks like , or how heads timidly rise and women gather when my crisp clear british vowels make me an instant celebrity and object of desire in a mid western college town . 
  every bit of it , triumph . 
  that 's what it means to be a european . 
  [ it 's parody ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/circlejerkcopypasta/comments/1o24hk/people_often_ask_me_what_it_means_to_be_an/ ), 
  average tax paid by an american : 31.5 % . 
  i really do n't think it 's that big of a difference . 
  where you talking about then ? 
  tax isnt a bad thing when you benefit from it collectively . 
  in the uk they 're not . 
  depending on context e.g position of authority , premeditated , how old the girl looked , her testimony , even a 25 year old man who had sex with a 15 year old in the uk might get off with a suspended sentence or a few months in prison . 
  this guy got multiple life sentences , although that 's different too , because 25 years is considered `` life '' in the uk . 
  i believe guy could technically walk free if he makes it to his late 70s / early 80s . 
  can confirming , renting my old flat to a games developer in leam , while i 'm off living in germany oddly enough . 
  i did the same in reverse , england to germany , so i can help . 
  - as an eu citizen you are automatically covered by uk national insurance from the moment you 're in the country . 
  bring your ehic card and passport and you can register at a doctor 's . 
  it 's totally free . 
  ( wish germany had this system ! ) . 
  private insurance available of course , probably not that much expensive than what you 're used to paying for your public insurance in german if you 're young and healthy , although my advice would be to save this money since the cost of living in the uk is higher , whatever you pay for your daily essentials in euros in germany assume you 'll be paying that in pounds in the uk , and if you 're in london it 'll be even higher . 
  the nhs is fine no matter what a few hysterical tabloid voices in the media say, 
  - commute will be expensive , public transport is generally a lot more expensive than germany , even outside of london . 
  think x2 what it costs in germany at least . 
  make sure to do your research about what rail cards or whatever you 're eligible for . 
  - not sure about websites . 
  i do n't think there 's quite an equivalent to wg-gesucht here , but there are loads .
