  then one day the situation changes , and instead of 10 traders you now have 1000 traders to choose from , they all want your gold , so you get better deals . 
  what used to cost you wheelbarrow of gold now only costs you a handful of gold . 
  the new traders have never seen gold before , and they 're pleased with their handful because they know it will make them richer , you 're pleased because you 're giving away less gold than before so you can buy more stuff . 
  this is how the economy works . 
  the more access between economies , and the larger the unitary economic area is , the more business it facilitates overall , which means more wealth for everyone , and the overall benefits outweigh the cons . 
  for example , we get access to cheap croatian food , and croatia gets access to our market to sell food at a greater price and quantity than it could before . 
  the croatian farmers get richer , and the prices in the uk are lower so we can buy more stuff with our wages . 
  what of the poor british farmer though ? 
  wo n't he be losing out ? 
  unable to compete with the croatian prices ? 
  yes , this is true . 
  we could go back to paying twice as much for our food and the british farmer would be very happy indeed ( theoretically , let 's forget about the eu subsidies paid to the agricultural sector for this very reason ) . 
  the uk farmer would be happy , because he 's richer without the competition . 
  however , everyone who is n't a farmer is worse off , because they 're now having to spend a greater % of their income just to feed themselves . 
  the farmer gets rich but literally everyone else gets poorer . 
   i 'm strongly against fptp , but just because we are n't perfectly democratic does n't mean we ca n't make it more democratic . 
  in that case you should vote remain , because we have share more chance at changing our parliamentary system within the eu , where proportional representation is the norm , than as little england with no external pressure to reform . 
   only the other countries decide who we are allowed to trade with . 
  sure we can , but we have to get permission first . 
  this is such a non-issue . 
  the eu has trading agreement with everywhere already set up for us to use . 
  if we leave the eu we will lose the vast majority of our trading agreements , and we 'll have to negotiate with every other country . 
  worse than that , we 'll have far less bargaining power as the uk ( despite being the 5th biggest economy in the world as the leavers are so keen to remind us ) , than we would in the eu ( the biggest collective economy in the world ) . 
  in these theoretical trade deals the world is going to give us the shittest most one sided trade deals they can afford to , and they can afford to lose our business far more than we can afford to lose theirs , so whatever we do get is going to take a huge chunk out of our economy . 
  you know that money that you put in your bank account ? 
  do you have any idea what the bank is doing with that money ? 
  they 're probably just holding out for the franco-russian dlc . 
  what meme would that be ? 
  it 's not a meme it 's a fact , sadly a fact that the great british public seem too economically illiterate to understand . 
  as it 's been explained many times , there is absolutely no incentive for the eu to give us a favourable deal . 
  doing so would be suicide since it would say to other countries that leaving is a good option . 
  nor does the uk bring much bargaining power to the table , yes the eu will need to continue trading with the uk given its economic size , but the uk will need to keep trading with the eu to a far greater extent than they need to our business . 
  ultimately , the eu would give the worst deal their economy could muster , and the uk would n't be able to say anything against it since it would need the business drastically . 
  opinion is split , the leave side are more vocal because many of them are on a crusade against immigration and reduced national sovereignty whereas the remain side are just worried about what impact the uncertainty a brexit would bring would have on their finances . 
  i think it 's fair to say the country is split on the issue pretty evenly , however i think / r/unitedkingdom leans slightly more to the remain side due to the demographics involved . 
  of course they 're scared . 
  brexit is a scary possibility . 
  the financial markets are going to go bonkers if a leave vote wins , they 'll be doing everything they can to stop both the uk economy and the eurozone economy going into the toilet , which is a very real possibility . 
  at the most simplistic level . 
  the best time was last year before all the brexit nonsense started , you would 've got a much better rate . 
  if we stay in the eu expect fluctuations but it should strengthen the pound against the euro long term . 
  if we leave then expect the pound to go down the toilet , hell the pound could even drop below the euro in value , at least for a while until faith in the market returns and politicians makes clear what 's going to happen . 
  i think a safe option would to be to buy your euros now . 
  you at least then know what to budget . 
  even with a remain vote i do n't think we 'd see instant faith in the pound returned , markets are tricky and any change in situation tend to leads to a jumpy situation with lots of the big trader trying different strategies that might seem contrary to common sense . 
  wow i hear this `` 5th biggest economy '' quote from the brexiteers all the time . 
  it does n't matter how big the uk 's economy is , it will be in a worse economic situation alone than it would be otherwise . 
  the chinese literally laugh about the uk and think we 're a quaint out dated nation . 
  the uk will be less successful outside the eu for a very long time , and that 's a simple economic fact . 
  you do n't have to tell me . 
  i think the eu does great work , however , the uk serially underestimates the value of the eu . 
  we are a nation of nationalistic idiots after all . 
  edit : it occurs to me that i 'm being a dick , we 're not a nation of nationalistic idiots , but you ca n't deny there 's a streak of british exceptionalism running through our culture . 
   we are if we succumb to the fears of cowering remainers like you . 
  nice insults . 
   eu regulations cripple small businesses and start-ups which are the main engine of growth . 
  citation needed . 
  the single market as contributed to the largest expansion of the uk economy in history . 
   this is why europe has the slowest growth of any continent in the world right now . 
  no , not all . 
  in fact it has far more to do with the eurozone , which the uk gets the special privilege of opting out of . 
   in my industry - electronics , china is successful because they have things like the electronics markets of shenzen ; a giant never-ending city-wide trade-show/bonanza of electronics , run by tens of thousands of independent players doing quick agile business deals . 
  this is why china kicks our ass in electronics . 
  what ? 
  that 's completely irrelevant to anything . 
  pointing at an electronics trade fair and saying we need that is absolutely nothing to do with the eu . 
   to succeed in the modern world we need much less big top-down organisation , and more innovative grass-roots economic activity - which brits have always excelled at . 
  which has nothing to do with the eu and everything to do with our national government 's economic policies . 
   the eu is the exact opposite of a pathway to success . 
  a brexit will mean the end of the uk altogether , with devolution , and possible economic collapse . 
  we may be the 5th largest economy right now , but after a brexit we wo n't be for long . 
  honestly though , i do n't see many good arguments for the leave campaign , just the repetition of mantras which can easily be disproved by fact checker such as :, 
  `` immigration is driving down wages '', 
  economic analysis has shown only a 2 % decrease in wages in very specific badly hit sectors . 
  `` the uk needs absolute national sovereignty '', 
  very hard to argue with this one , seems like a very emotionally based argument , what makes you think westminster is any more competent than brussels . 
  `` the eu is undemocratic '', 
  the eu is democratic by definition , that 's why we have meps . 
  `` the uk is the 5th biggest economy in the world , we 're guaranteed a good trade deal '', 
  there is literally no evidence for that , if anything logic says the eu would do their best to give us the most unfavourable terms they could afford . 
  saying in the eea would just put the uk in a much worse situation . 
  it would have to accept freedom of movement , most eu directives , and pay the eu dues , without having a say in anything politically . 
  it makes no sense for the uk to stay in the eea if the leave vote succeeds . 
  realistically merkel 's promise does n't mean anything . 
  i think there will be a lot of pressure for the eu to make an example of the uk if it does leave because otherwise it would encourage other countries to do likewise . 
  this is why i do n't think we would stay in the eea if the leave vote wins out . 
  it would political suicide for cameron 's successor ( perhaps boris ) to turn around to the leave supporters and tell them that we 're leaving the eu but not doing anything about the freedom of movement , will continue to pay our dues , and will continue to be bound by eu parliamentary legislation . 
  this would negatively impact not only the future pm , but also the tory party as a whole . 
  if the leave wins we 're going to find ourselves between a rock and hard place , either stay in the eea and watch the shit hit the fan realise that the leave campaign is incapable of delivering or leave the eu and the eea and see watch our economy take a huge knock while we try to forge new trade deals and stabilise things . 
  assuming a brexit , germany will bail them out , and then continue to do its best to screw the uk out of a favourable trade deal to stop the greeks turning around and doing the exact same thing next year . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean . 
  eea would make eu trade deals irrelevant because it entails access to the single market . 
  if the uk stayed in the eea not a lot would change . 
  all that would change is that the uk would be able to negotiate areas in which eu directives would n't apply . 
  if the uk leaves the eea however then it would mean no trade deals , and the uk would have to go cap in hand to other nations and hope they 'll reach a compromise . 
  you are right , i 'm just becoming stressed by my livelihood being put in jeopardy by the decision of people who keep claiming immigrants are ruining our country . 
  i agree , but if the government stays in the single market it will piss off the leave campaign by not delivering on its promises and will give the tory party a major hit , if they leave then the economy will be in the toilet for the next five years . 
  honestly , i see the tories leaving the single market just to save their reputation in the short term . 
  honestly is our own government any better ? 
  the problem is n't the eu , it 's politicians , and leaving the eu wo n't solve that .
