  and ultimately leads to the core of problems understanding consciousness with modern science . 
  how so ? 
  to me it seems like it depends very much on the field . 
  people working in philosophy of science , philosophy of mind , logic , epistemology etc. 
  pretty normal conventional bunch with big brains . 
  scholars who study the historical greats , kinda in the middle , pretentious at times with some funny ideas but ultimately quite clever and more akin to historians in their mentality . 
  people who are disciples of critical theory , derrida , post-modernism , existentialism , post-structuralists , phenomenology enthusiasts etc. 
  biggest bunch of pseudo intellectual tossers in the world . 
  huge intellectual circle jerk of people who nosh each other off convincing each other of how much smarter they are and how they have some kind of secret insight into the universe and intellectual shame anyone who does n't stick to party lines . 
  more akin to literature students but worse , also a lot of radical sjws . 
  ok , so when the guys hanging out the window she does n't instinctively move away from his reach , when the van drives away we can still hear the guys voice when he 's driving despite a busy traffic area of traffic . 
  the scene starts immediately when he drives up behind them . 
  it 's nothing to do with the severity , i do believe in the severity , but the interaction feels unnatural to me , that is all . 
  no , it does n't align with my idea of how human being interact , ever ... 
  basic things like her not moving further away from the guy when he cleans out the van and keeping pulling it closer to the curb . 
  we are hairless monkeys and our monkey brains are incredibly predictable when running on fear and instinct . 
  it 's not really about shame it 's about practicality of not wanting someone to write down his number plate or whatever . 
  i 've seen a lot of urban violence in my youth , a his does n't feel right for me . 
  that 's no comment on what women go through . 
  it 's entire believable that this degree of harassment occurs all the time . 
  it 's just some things are missing . 
  when humans are in confrontational situations it 's very instinctive , you ca n't help but act the same way , this one does n't give me that sense . 
  ah yes , because living abroad should be a privilege of those able to meet visa requirements and afford them , britons will lose all right of access to foreign social care and public medical systems . 
  you 're literally making life more hellish for millions of people , so yes , the humanity , deportation and losing your life you 've abroad is no laughing matter . 
  do you have any fucking clue how hard it is to access the us labour market as a european ? 
  fancy 5 years on a very restrictive visa that you can only qualify for if you 're in a highly paid field that means legal costs for yourself and your employer . 
  if the eu reverted to a us style work visa system only perhaps 5 % of brits would have access to jobs there , as why the fuck would they go to the length of sponsoring a visa with 26 other nations to choose from who can move and start immediately . 
  it 's like you do n't understand the basics of international movement . 
  you are simply dumb my friend . 
  even if the uk gets a favourable visa agreement it 's still going to limit britons ' access to those labour markets considerably . 
  what do we get in return ? 
  labour shortage in crucial sectors that ca n't be filled ? 
  economic stagnation ? 
  more immigrants from the middle east ? 
  bloody brilliant . 
  you cunts make my blood boil . 
  i 'm sorry you 're too thick to compete with workers who grew up mostly in more impoverished parts of the world with half the opportunities you did , i really am ... but that 's no reason for you to take your insecurity derived aggression out on polish farm labourers or romanian newsagents . 
  perhaps you should 've turned itv off once in a while and read something other than a tabloid rag or a paperback novel once in a while ay ? 
  how many fights and incidents of senseless street violence did you see growing up mate ? 
  because i saw quite a few , i 've also seen a fair few videos on things like / r/publicfreakout and facebook in my time . 
  this feels scripted to me , and that 's my opinion . 
  i 'm not saying my opinion is infallible , but it 's just the vibe i get from the way they 're interacting , how easily the mirror came off , how soon the van stopped after the incident , how fast the guy is insulting her without waiting to see if she 'll respond ( guess what people like that act that way to provoke a response , if they just churning out insults they wo n't see it ) , the fact that she barely moves away even when he reaches out and pulls the van closer the curb to box her in ( do n't know if you 've ever seen someone just vehicle aggressively while you 're on foot but the instinct is to get the fuck away ) , the fact she keeps intermittently lashing out as his mirror and then keeping her position at the curb waiting for the lights ( it 's fight or flight , not fight a bit then stand still and obey the traffic law ) , the fact they do n't get out the van when she goes for the wing mirror . 
  one of these things would n't make me call fake , but all of them in total give a distinct vibe of a scripted incident . 
  i might be wrong , but that 's my opinion . 
  only you thought that . 
  visas arent easy to get , they have harsh requirements like constant employment , a level of income , only leaving the country so often and only with permission . 
  this is what you brexit prats have foisted on millions of people just to change nothing . 
  corbyn is scum, 
  hi david . 
  what do you think about the notion that experience lacks representation content ? 
  bill brewer was my philosophy of mind professor , we had great fun reading some your work , sadly that was quite a few years ago and i 'm a bit rusty one many things . 
  however i left heavily convinced that the argument from illusion and the argument from hallucination were just a wrong turn in philosophy , simply but , that neither give us reason to think that we do n't have unmediated access to the objects of perception . 
  thus i spent a fair amount of time trying to reconcile the scientific worldview with the `` queer '' nature of our perceptions , the what it 's like etc. 
  ( hate to say it but i never bought your whole zombie thought experiment , i could never get my head around why anyone would think that logical conceivability would imply possibility , i can conceive myself standing on the surface on mercury without a space suit and having a jolly old time , nothing logically inconsistent about that but it does n't mean it 's possible :p ), 
  anyway , what 's you 're opinion on direct realism ? 
  have you ever flirted with that line of thought ? 
  i 'm also curious as to your thoughts on continental philosophy , pardon such divisive terms . 
  i 'm looking at doing my masters at a continental university that focuses only on that tradition , do you think there is anything for philosophy of mind to learn from the continental greats , and do you think such an education would be of any benefit to someone would be looking towards a doctorate in philosophy of mind if he were to continue studying afterwards . 
  wish i could ask better questions but i 've been away from philosophy for too long and forgotten so much , but it 's something i 'm very much looking at returning to soon . 
  i am a firm believer in the idea that there are no stupid questions , philosophy or otherwise . 
  the problem with the type of people i mentioned are n't really asking questions , they 've come to philosophy already convinced of something and with a dogmatic view they 've internalised . 
  if they 're so smart already they should write an original thesis and get put through the their bachelor and masters at lightening speed as people desperately await their first proper publishing . 
  they 're not even asking questions , they 're using the open floor to showcase their own beliefs and show off their mastery of the obscure language of a specific ideology . 
  some professors did , others just dismissed them , others did their best to actually try and give an earnest answer while the student made dissatisfied faces . 
  either way , these people were prats , smug obscurants for them most , their attitude really sucked . 
  for men the highest chance of death was from giving a motivation to another man to kill you . 
  men have to learn to compete with other men sexually without being murdered . 
  this can involve forming alliances , if you can your bros have got each other 's backs then you can increase your ability to sexual compete as men outside the group will be more afraid of you and your crew than an individuals . 
  guys ask why dudebros do so well while outsider guys without a social group complain and look at things too individualistically . 
  for women one of the biggest threats came from social ostracisation . 
  be disowned by the group and they 'd be at the mercy of whoever came along . 
  our social dynamics have n't really changed in the last 40,000 years , regardless of how clever we might think ourselves . 
  god . 
  the way that woman said `` they charge 150 bucks '' , you cheap motherfucker !, 
  you know the stereotype about americans is that they always have one up other countries on everything . 
  historically this was a clich\u00e9 because journalists want it to sound really hot . 
  you still see it occasionally around heatwave time in rags like the sun and the daily mail . 
  the elderly definitely still use it , but that generation is obviously slowly dying off . 
  it 's all relative . 
  for someone like me $ 5000 would be life changing . 
  life changing does n't mean it 's going to last your whole life , just significantly impact it . 
  we only speak the pure version , not the one mangled by dutch immigrants and german puritans . 
  lucky that nobody gives a fuck what you take seriously then . 
  salt and vinegar crisps work well in a chip butty !, 
  oh yeah , i 'd forgotten that quote . 
  you can have both a 3 door and a 5 door hatch back . 
  i think the internet is a big factor in that too . 
  used to be that you were only as good as your options , and that was a big part of the teenage popularity contest . 
  the good looking kids paired with the good looking kids , the less popular or good looking kids with people of a similar status . 
  most people met people through mutual friends and acquaintances , so finding someone who wanted the same as you relationship wise was a lot more complicated , you had to be more opportunistic meeting people . 
  there was also a lot more opportunity to be deceptive when getting to know people , no online presence to verify that someone was n't lying to you , could even be using a fake name . 
  it was much easier to conceal who you were hooking up with too . 
  the unlimited connectivity of this day and age has made people fussier , one because you do n't have to settle if you do n't want to , there 's always someone else just a tinder swipe away , and two because word travels comparatively faster online and hooking up with someone can become public knowledge much more quickly . 
  not really , what you said was so stupid it deserved it anyway . 
  i read the book a while back , did n't think much of it , felt way more dated than the film . 
  the perspective of a stupid outsider perhaps . 
  smart people tend to have more self awareness and realise that what sounds strange or funny to them in a foreign culture is n't objectively so and thus rationalise to the conclusion that they should take things seriously regardless . 
  fyi arse is the original word , early american accents removed the letter - r from a lot of words and they only got put back when literacy improved , arse was left out of this process because it was considered obscene and thus not written down very often ... 
  i 'm not ranting , i 'm just informing you of your idiocy . 
  `` cuss word '' sounds idiotic to me ( and another - r that went missing in us english ) , but i do n't judge people on their superficial culture differences but rather the content of what they say , which in your case fares badly .
