   and what 's your suggestion for how to practically deal with it ? 
  are you saying that every dictionary that even has the word `` art '' in it are wrong ? 
  should they just say `` art , noun : it 's up to you '' ? 
  any good dictionary is simply going to offer a multitude of popular definitions without prescribing any one of them . 
  that 's what dictionaries do , they are descriptive , they describe how words are used and what people tend to think they mean , no some objective meaning that exists in the world or is handed down from on high . 
  dictionaries do n't make any claim to knowing what something means in a deeper sense than that . 
  if you want to answer a question like what is `` art '' you 're better off asking an art history expert or a philosopher , you do n't just consult the dictionary . 
  we 're well aware that dictionaries do n't define meaning in that way . 
  the question what is art ? 
  is surely an interesting one . 
  the term art gets used in millions of ways , from saying a footballer artfully kicked the ball , or that a newly built fence is a work of art . 
  ultimately , however , it 's clearly a question like `` what is knowledge ? 
  '' , one we can theorise about it but probably never reach a definitive answer . 
  ca n't be british , that 's treachery !, 
  ca n't be german , we kicked their ass in ww2, 
  ca n't be scandinavian , they 're socialists . 
  ca n't be southern or eastern european , that would make me a minority . 
  irish it is then . 
  everyone likes the irish plus i get an excuse for being drunk !, 
  seriously i wish people would stop citing american census self reported ancestry as if it were fact . 
  it 's clearly something that changes with the fashion . 
  yeah but it 's not even a real aussie beer , just an export gimmick . 
  shut it luxembourg !, 
  you 're a freak occurrence of the balance of european powers and you know it !, 
  fuckin ' mirrors how do they work ? 
  basically for a long time it was black cab vs mini-cab . 
  black cabs were licensed to pick up anyone who flagged them down and sit in taxi ranks . 
  minicabs could only legally take passengers if someone had booked it over the phone with the specific mini-cab company . 
  back before mobiles phones and gps it was a big difference and nobody with money would actively choose a mini-cab over a black cab . 
  while they were cheaper they were much shitter , the driver 's english skills liable to be poorer , and he was way more likely to get lost and go the wrong way . 
  they were for this reason also seen as less trustworthy because they might try to extend the journey and then claim to not know the roads that well . 
  black cabs were seen as safe because they earned more and were less likely to be dodgy in any respect . 
  a big part of having `` the knowledge '' was n't just to ensure drivers did n't get lost , but also to assure customers that the driver could n't claim to have got lost . 
  a driver who knows the customer knows they 're expected to learn the whole of london back to front has little grounds to claim he did n't know where he was going . 
  it kept everything honest . 
  sadly , technology fucked it up . 
  first mobile phones became ubiquitous , meaning calling a mini-cab was way less of a hassle . 
  then sat nav came meaning drivers did n't need to know where they were anymore . 
  then phones became computers with gps and maps on them meaning nobody could really ever claim to be lost anyway . 
  and of course these days you do n't have to make a phone call and tell someone an address anymore , you just click a button and a car comes to you . 
  black cabs are still the only cabs that can pick people up on the street without anyone phoning or using an app to book their company , which is the only reason they still exist frankly . 
  people who do n't count their money and people a hurry use them if they 're convenient but that 's about it . 
  most of the black cabs do have sat navs anyway `` just in case they go out of their area '' . 
  given the situation it would better if `` the knowledge '' focussed more on training them in other ways that are actually useful i.e how not to be a loudmouth opinionated prat ( the black cab stereotype ) , and also stuff like advanced driving courses , emergency medical treatment etc. 
  as they 're only ever going to survive as a `` luxury item '' in the future anyway . 
   it ended with the american couple telling him that he `` should learn to speak english properly '', 
  lol i would go off on someone who said that to me . 
  or maybe just hit them with a sarcastic , `` sorry i do n't speak your colonial patois '' . 
   to the trained ear, 
  more like to the egotistical tough guy 's ear any direct question that does n't soothe his ego is aggressive . 
  reporter had no fear and straight up asked him to own up to what he meant by that . 
  tough guy trump supporter completely pussied out . 
  pretty sure university is more than just learning rhetoric . 
  pretty sure plato was pretty against that and he was the core of the western academic thought . 
  is that the best you 've got ? 
  go back to your safe space buddy . 
  i do n't mean colonial as in colonial era , i mean colonial as in america is a colony and thus the mode of speech there is by definition a colonial patois and not the real deal . 
  or at least that 's i 'm suggesting that 's what i 'd sarcastically imply if i were accused of not speaking english properly by an american . 
  not really . 
  upper class accents in the south of the us were more influenced by 19th century aristocratic british english because a large number of southern land owners were descended from the british and french aristocracy and they had trade connections with the british to export the produce of their plantations . 
  what 's harrow got to do with anything about him . 
  all about context actually . 
  it 's only offensive , regardless of your race or ethnicity , when someone was insinuating something offence , and whether something is offensive or not depends on how it 's meant . 
  i had an elderly german grandmother tell me i did n't look british but looked polish . 
  it was n't meant in a nice way , it was more like `` what a shame that you look so polish '' . 
   hat would probably strike up a good conversation about their heritage and ancestors , another thing white people like to talk about . 
  you are confusing `` white people '' for `` american white people '' . 
  it 's not the same elsewhere in the world . 
  it 's only because americans are over on a colony founded by europeans that this happens . 
  the word , `` colonial era '' refers to a specific point in history when north america was a controlled by natives and european colonial powers . 
  the word `` colonial '' however , simply means `` pertaining to colonies '' . 
  from the perspective of europe all primarily white settlements in the new world are `` colonies '' ( although they mostly are n't our colonies anymore ) . 
  thus colonial patois for the american accent , at least when you 're being sarcastic to schoolmarmish american grammar nazis who seem to have forgotten where the language came from . 
  seriously one book and 11.5 grams of cocaine xd, 
  i find the absence of literature far more concerning . 
  it 's not a new concept . 
  i remember role play games on garry 's mod that were basically just little mmo worlds where it was as real life possible . 
  they were quick to ban anyone who did n't play by the `` rules '' i.e me who would just trying to steal guns and shoot people with no discernible motive . 
  i know . 
  still do n't know what about him suggests he went to harrow . 
  too black sounding, 
  is mandy coming ? 
  the gaulish tribes probably laughed at the romans as weaklings for not smearing themselves in war paint and writing things down but it did n't work out for them did it . 
  colony is used both in the sense of national colonisation but also ethnic colonisation . 
  the saxons colonised the uk for example , despite not being under the control of a foreign power . 
  in that sense america is a colony . 
  a colony of ethnic europeans in the new world . 
  calling yourself independent does n't stop that from being the case . 
  americans might resent the idea , but it 's true , the majority of the population of the us migrated ( or was taken ) there in the last few hundred years . 
  america 's discomfort with elements of its own history make it an even more effective way to wind them up if they 're being twats . 
  the problem is that any pan-global institution ends up being so mired to political bickering that it becomes super ineffective . 
  the best way to destroy a union is to have it to over expand itself and compromise itself so it ends up being just another empty display of good faith towards the global community rather than a real effective organisation with power . 
  a much more effective way to unite would be start at a more regional level with things like the eu . 
  with a number of politically united free trade areas with freedom of movement . 
  over time these would shift towards greater homogeneity . 
  once these unions had been built up sufficiently it would then be possible for an agreement between these unions to create another tier of supranational government that would hold authority over the other unions , and would broker agreements between them in much the same way as the eu has done for its member states . 
  problem is that many people have been brainwashed into thinking that any kind of movement towards this kind of global authority is an inherently dystopian idea . 
  either because of religious prejudice stemming all the way back to the towers of babylon , racial and nationalistic prejudices that cast other nations as inferior , or because of the assumption that any such system must lead to authoritarian 1984 style `` oceania was always at war with eurasia '' type political control . 
  it 's definitely something humanity is going to have to deal with in the next 100 years i think , as globalisation is only going to become a more pressing force , and it 's only if all nations agree to play by the rules that we can avoid a race to the bottom with all out economic warfare between countries . 
  the taboo of questioning the sacredness of the absolute nation state is something we 'll have to deal with .
