  sorry i do n't agree . 
  there 's no real difference between bullying and teasing . 
  most `` bullying '' is just an extreme form of teasing . 
  most kids bully because they get a laugh out of seeing other people become irate and upset without any recourse . 
  i did n't say ignore them completely but you can mitigate this type of bullying by not giving them the satisfaction of an emotional reaction . 
  then again you do have kids that were abused at home who bully for the laughs but because they have some deep seated emotional problem . 
  i would n't recommend trying to be unresponsive to these guys because they derive satisfaction for hurting people regardless of whether they react or not . 
  but most cases of bullying are regular peer group tormenting , and not this dangerous borderline criminal type . 
  i do n't think that 's true . 
  i think most people learn to do it with maturity . 
  i 'm not saying do n't be affected that is impossible . 
  i 'm just saying it helps if you do n't give people that satisfaction of showing it . 
  most the kids i remember at school who got picked on learnt to deflect it imo . 
  confirmed by the fact in the uk we say the team are sitting , and the us says the team is sitting . 
  if us britons thought maths was truly plural we 'd say maths are good not maths is good . 
  not if you 're refined , the posh still differentiate between jam and preserve . 
  technically we still do , but nobody eats jelly here . 
  it 's considered inferior !, 
  also jelly has been appropriated by what you call jello . 
  as a briton i ca n't help think that using a brand name to describe a food type is poor show . 
  that 's kind of bullshit , what with all the british music they listen to and british television that 's popular in the us . 
  that 's true because whilst they think we sound intelligent every good american knows the world do n't run on no smarts , it runs on kicking ass . 
  i disagree , you 're the ones who take it too seriously !, 
  that 's why you interpreted the poster above you so earnestly . 
  humour my friend !, 
  the one that comes with a - u, 
  he did n't just point it at him he threatened with it and tried to rob his car . 
  also it 's called life here but in reality it 's about 12 years until he 'll be let out assuming good behaviour . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  did n't you read what i said . 
  in the uk collective nouns are plural . 
  i think i know my own language . 
  phonemes, 
  here in the uk , life sentence can be anything from about 12 to forever with no chance of parole . 
  the judge decides on the severity . 
  also armed robbery is more of a crime here because there 's heavy sentences for possession of an illegal weapon . 
  not in my southern british accent . 
  cool rhymes with shawl , it 's always like this with a - u before dark - l. saying it with a / u : / sounds positively northern . 
  most of the south i 'd think , certainly everywhere affected by london , maybe not the south west . 
  i grew up a good 100 miles away from london and it still affects the way i speak , i 'm generally quite well spoken on the whole . 
  the closer you get the worse it gets though . 
  i know some people near london who 'll say / s\u0254lt / for salt instead of / s\u0252lt / . 
  the only south eastern people i can imagine saying / ku : l / is the pensioner generation . 
  this also affects words like school and rule . 
  interestingly whilst this effects my speech before dark l , i will still say things like / m\u0259tj\u028a\u0259 / and / pj\u028a\u0259 / whilst closer to london they say / m\u0259t\u0283\u0254 : / and / pj\u0254 : / , which probably says something about how prevalent it is . 
  i do n't disagree with though because i think my interpretation is the intended meaning of it , when people say ignore bullies and they 'll go away they do n't mean just do n't acknowledge them at all even when they 're up in your face , they mean do n't let the taunting affect you and they wo n't have the satisfaction of winding you up . 
  loyal , check , not necessarily intellectual or cynical , check , comfortable with the notion of self-sacrifice , check , away from home for large stints , check . 
  i 'm afraid you 're a manipulators dream . 
  that 's really going to depend on the way you speak . 
  if you stress it in a sentence like that then yes . 
  i do n't think i do so i used the schwa . 
  ok i 've found it for you . 
  the merger is the [ fall-fool merger ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/english-language_vowel_changes_before_historic_/l/#full.e2.80.93fool_merger ) , as you 'll see it 's part of estuary english . 
  if you 're not from the uk you 'll [ see here that fall ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/british/fall ) is pronounced with the / \u0254\u02d0 / . 
  i do n't know about other accents showing the merger but to me it sounds like this in most south eastern british accents , it 's fool that 's merged towards fall , so that fool is now / f\u0254\u02d0l / . 
  i 'll also add i only know english phonemes and not ipa so there might be a better way to represent this in academic texts and so forth . 
  basically no . 
  they sound the same to me . 
  if there was a different maybe the vowel is slightly longer in fall than fool , so maybe fool is more like / f\u0254l / but it 's such a small difference if i say it over and over they just sound the same . 
  why would commit such masochistic treachery ? 
  - yours kindly the uk, 
  remember , if women are portrayed as endangered and in need of aid they are being turned into sexualised rape objects in need of saving by men . 
  if women are portrayed as strong and powerful with their own ideas and determination then they are just men with boobs and their portrayal is equally sexist . 
  the only games that are n't sexist are ones that directly promote the support of feminist and gender identity issues , because the only way to not be sexist is to directly support our agenda . 
  this is nothing like how i remember halloween in the uk . 
  the only place it seems to happen for real is in nice quiet neighbourhoods full of old people where all the kids and people know each other . 
  we 'd go round my grandparents for this . 
  if we stayed home in our quite urban town house all you 'd get is 12 year olds with crappy plastic masks being like `` u wot m8 ? 
  give uz some sweets or we 'll egg ya house '' , most the old people in these areas were terrified and put signs on their doors saying `` no trick or treaters '' . 
  i remember one time my dad telling a kid he did n't deserve sweets because he had n't got a costume on . 
  fair point really , it was just some chav who wanted free food . 
  as an adults i 've always lived in block of flats and so have never had treat or treater even try . 
  do n't be an idiot . 
  the very reason so much money can be pumped into programmes like top gear and sherlock is because the bbc sells the rights abroad and can fund the entire cost without tax payer money . 
  love how you conveniently ignore the 1.1 billion raised from commercial interests . 
  come on man , we virtually let you have the americas . 
  we just wanted to focus on less problematic nations full of obedient less advanced peoples , rather than one full of all of our annoying second cousins . 
  would n't work unless they ate the leaves in the tea . 
  active ingredients are fat based not water based , that 's why you make cannabis butter . 
  in my day we just nicked stuff ... little shits that we were ... 
  we did win that war after all , but we had no intention of taking the us back . 
  most of the uk was against the first war in the first place . 
  the uk could have easily brought twice as many troops during the revolution had they wanted to . 
  no sour grapes here buddy . 
  i 'm sorry you do n't like hearing the truth that america was n't very important to the british during the revolutionary era . 
  i 'll also remind you that at the time that tiny island held an empire far larger and more profitable for them than the the us at the time . 
  anyway i was only responding to your comment that `` i thought we taught you empires were a bad idea 250 years ago ... '' , when in fact nothing could be further than the truth . 
  the empire had n't even peaked at that time . 
  the only thing you taught us was if you want to colonise do n't allow large numbers of europeans to settle there because they 're more hassle than the profits you reap in return . 
  can be , really depends if you 're making a stress , and how you speak . 
  remember a lot of people do n't live in london their whole lives . 
  london attracts single men for a number of reasons , it 's easier to live there as a single man on a decent wage , cohabiting is fine but family men move out and commute but the singletons stick around . 
  london also has a lot of nightlife suited to single males , that might not be as attractive to single females . 
  london as a city of 8.5 million can be quite an intimidating lifestyle . 
  but you would tuck your collared shirt into your suit trousers though ? 
  wow , i thought my school was irrational for trying to ban phones at one point ( this was when kids owning mobile phones was a newish idea ) . 
  in the end the rule did n't work because parents wanted their kids to have them so they just changed it so if your phone was seen at any time other than during the breaks it was meant to be automatically confiscated . 
  also if your phone went off during a less or made a text alert it was confiscated . 
  most kids just learnt to be stealthy checking them though . 
  the dumbest rule however was that for the first few years you had to wear shorts all year round , it was part of the uniform ( british school ) , so even when there was snow on the ground you 'd see kids with duffel coats and shorts which looked ridiculous .
