  each to their own i guess . 
  have you ever been on benefits ? 
  i did it for 9 months in the uk once and it will make you see that there is a war being wages on benefit claimants in the uk right now . 
  the reality is that they sign these outsourcing deals with private companies to handle these claims because they want to wash their hands of the process so any backlash wo n't fall directly on them . 
  all they care about is the bottom line . 
  so if they can an every 1 % of people to get sanctioned by making the process more byzantine or confusing then they will as it 's saves the government millions of pounds ever week just for a minor change . 
  i do n't think the tories are `` attacking '' the disabled , nor do i think it 's unreasonable to require people to undergo an assessment before they are eligible to receive benefits . 
  however , i think the tories are attacking public spending and that includes dubious contracts with less that completely honest private contractors who are told to do whatever is necessary to keep expenditure down . 
  i have no problem with people being assessed . 
  what i oppose are the dodgy unethical methods these unaccountable private contractors use . 
  changing the date and time of an appointment without even giving enough time for the letter to arrive for example , while being an effective way of keeping benefit stats down , is not fair on people . 
  just because you 're on benefits you should n't suffer being messed around to `` work '' for it . 
  the thing about these games is that in the right situation you can derive a sense of accomplishment and mastery in a world where that kind experience is denied many people . 
  the sad reality is that in this day and age we treat young people like shit in some regards , and the generation that does it is blind to that because in other respects today 's young people have vastly more than what they had at the same age . 
  older folk look at young these days and just see them as spoilt brats for being unhappy when they have so many opportunities that that generation did n't have . 
  sadly this just compounds the feelings of guilt and sadness for people who are struggling because as it suggests to them that they do n't have the right to be unhappy or fucked up , which actually makes them unhappier and more fucked up . 
  between the ages of 19 and 21 was a recluse . 
  i 'd dropped out of education and felt as if the world was a cold and harsh place , that i was surplus to requirements and it really would n't matter if i withdrew from society or even just stopped existing . 
  i did get a job after a few months but i was mentally checked out . 
  i drove to work in the mornings , barely spoke to my colleagues ( who barely spoke to each other anyway ) , left the moment the clock hit five , and did n't believe in what i was doing in the slightest . 
  i 'd drive straight home , turn my computer on the moment i was through the door , make a sandwich and then play wow until 1 or 2 in the morning , waking up at 7.30 am to do it all over again . 
  the reality is that until i was 18 i was part of a clearly defined peer group that i 'd been with from the age of 11 onward . 
  i had a sense of place in the world , and a sense of clearly defined goals ( get good grades and get a good university place ) , which i accomplished . 
  suddenly i was faced with the realisation that soon as left school that the dream was over , the friendships that seemed rock solid at the time quickly became exposed as shallow the moment we all realised that now we were individuals expected to define their own goals and follow our own self-interest . 
  without constant effort to maintain those friendships we quickly became strangers to one another . 
  the new people i met i found i could n't trust or found boring , they were unknown elements that i could n't rely on or conventional types that only wanted very practical but superficial relationships . 
  adults interact differently from children and teenagers , you 're expected to be able to stand on your own two feet , and if you ca n't you become anathema to many people who simply are n't interesting in forming a bond with someone who is n't fully dependable and functional . 
  i did n't care , shut myself off , stopped making the effort and only felt more depressed when friends stopped calling and heard rumours of people saying that i 'd changed and was no longer worth bothering with . 
  in wow i had the sensations that i was looking for . 
  i had people i could look up to and people who looked up to me . 
  i could take pride in my capacities within the game , be that in raid dps , gear min-maxing , or arena ranking . 
  i had a task put in front of me that , while daunting , was achievable . 
  i had the tool set needed to succeed in that world and could apply it to the task at hand e.g maths , computer literacy , the reactions of a teenager . 
  i had peers that i could turn to for advice or assistance . 
  we would stroke each other 's egos and make it feel like we were doing something worthwhile . 
  the reality is that this generation gets thrown into the world totally unprepared when they leave school . 
  we raise kids in social communities in the school system but our society is more individualistic then ever . 
  the traditional institutions , and culturally generated support networks that used to exist simply are n't there any more . 
  people in their late teens and early 20s are n't really instructed in how to be functional adults any more . 
  other than family there are no community role models who will take pity on you and help show you how to exist . 
  they are surplus to requirements , nobody is willing to take an interest while you 're still immature . 
  reality is that i needed exactly what wow gave me , a peer group , a pecking order , and a goal that while challenging had a linear progression laid out before me that i could work at and have success with , regardless of whether it was slow or fast . 
  when i look at my older family members they had that in the form of work institutions , apprenticeships , places of work that were structured and social . 
  that had the community , society , structure , and assurance that this generation totally lacks . 
  one family member told me about their first day as an apprentice , they were the butt of all jokes and made to do all the menial jobs but at least there was an institution for them to be introduced to , our generation does n't even get that . 
  people are just uninterested in each other . 
  we have no pride in work anymore , and no dignity either . 
  we glamorise the wildly successful and strong promote those that do n't immediately take to modern life and master it are defective or worthless . 
  all the grunt jobs i did in those days were the kind where colleagues barely even spoke to each other in the canteen out of pure disinterest , or we were totally ignored by older colleagues who saw us as just a bunch of useless millennial teenagers who ca n't even make a cup of tea right . 
  i got myself back on track , went back into education , but it took the whole of my early 20s to get myself into a position where i felt like a capable adult . 
  i 'll also add that the older i get the more responsibility people seem to be willing to thrust upon and the more interest employers take in me as a person rather than just a whipping boy . 
  why ? 
  no fucking reason whatsoever except that when you 're closer to 30 than 20 people suddenly people perceive you differently . 
  sure , i was less dependable when i was younger , but i have changed so much to warrant the change in attitude . 
  when we use the youth as a hate sponge for unfavourable changes we perceive in society then we actively hinder the next generation 's development . 
  when we project negativity on them we create discrimination . 
  when we 're not willing to give young people a hand up then we create neats who wo n't contribute to society what they 're capable of . 
  if anything we should be learning from games to understand why teenagers and 20 something males will actively spend hours investing time and energy into video games , often with a very organised approach and a lot of dedication , but ca n't find that sense of satisfaction and accomplishment in real life . 
  i 'm sure they 'll tell you that games make sense , there is a goal , whereas life does n't , there is no task except navigating the daunting and highly artificial workplace politics of the 21st century , and that is not a task everyone takes to easily . 
  it 's easy to just give up and find a sense of self-containment that comes from mastering a video game . 
  however , we should be harnessing the youth 's natural inclination towards mastery and success to secure their own and societies future . 
  imo we need those institutions and structures that will give people structure into which can channel that energy and productivity rather than years becoming an expert in playing an ultimately pointless and distracting game . 
  i speak with the most boring southern english accent ever . 
  been told a number of times by heavily accented foreigners that i sound american . 
  [ fronkfort ] ( https://youtu.be/v9fgxat1ckw?t=51 ), 
  british eu migrants living in the eu . 
  lol that 's mafia level shit . 
  [ a panda attack just seems to be rolling all over the place like a big fat baby ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cpk1lzjmbjy ), 
  no such distinction is actually possible and the quacks arguing about whether the tumour caused his paedophilic urges or merely impaired his ability to suppress them may as well be arguing over which came first the chicken or the egg . 
  neuroscientists , somewhat arrogantly , like to pretend they know how the brain and thought interact for the general public in pop psychology pieces because it makes for a good story . 
  despite all the good work neuroscience does investigating the brain , we still have no idea how the physical brain actually gives rise to thought and behaviour . 
  the best we can do is look at brain injuries and diseases and how impairment in certain physical areas of the brain and how that impacts on behaviour , but you 'll never get the nice 1 to 1 correlation that people naively thought was possible in the past . 
  people can have very similar mental injuries and exhibit very different behaviours as a result of those injuries . 
  whether we should see this as a case of a paedophile losing his ability to control himself or a person becoming a paedophile through a mental disorder is not an empirical question . 
  it 's an ontological question about the difference between what someone `` is '' and what someone `` does '' . 
  the reality , however , is that when it comes to the human mind there is not distinction . 
  our only means of defining what someone mentally `` is '' is through the sum total of behaviours their mental life gives rise to ( including what they self-report about their entirely private and subjective mental life ) . 
  the only empirical way to establish whether someone has an `` urge '' is through their behaviour , either because they report themselves to have it or because they exhibit behaviours consistent with it . 
  this guy claims never to have had urges towards children in the past , and from what we know his behaviour was consistent with that . 
  the scientist speculating that he must have had those urges before and simply lost the ability to suppress them is doing both guy with the tumour and his profession a disservice by making wild speculations and ontological distinctions with no empirical basis whatsoever ( mostly like because he does n't want to think that brain injury can impact those aspects of personality e.g sexuality , that we consider highly intertwined with personal identity i.e what someone is rather than what they do ) . 
  it 's scary to think that reorganising the matter instead your cranium might actually change who you `` are '' , and it 's an easy intellectual cop out to frame everything in terms of changing only your capacities , but anyone who has given some serious thought to the question of the mind-brain distinction can tell you that such distinctions are build on shaky and arbitrary distinctions that exist only to avoid the much more daunting reality that no such distinctions are possible . 
  claim what ? 
  what i said , or what i said neuroscientists say ? 
  from the article . 
   `` although these cases can be an important clue , i would not conclude that they represent someone who became paedophilic or became non-paedophilic again . 
  rather , the evidence suggests that someone who was already paedophilic all along lost the ability to hide it after the injury , and then regained the ability to suppress it as the neurological problem was treated . '', 
  in reality there is no way to empirically falsify either proposition , whether someone `` became a paedophile due to changes in their brain arising from a tumour '' or whether someone `` was a paedophile and suppressed it until they sustained a mental impairment due to a tumour that stopped them from being able to suppress it any longer '' is not empirical question neuroscience can answer . 
  in the absence of any evidence whatsoever that suggests this guy was a paedophile before the tumour it does n't seem logical to assume the latter . 
  this lady 's for turning . 
  we 've been kinda nasty for a while . 
  it depresses me how much we worship some intangible notion of being `` tough '' , `` no nonsense '' , and `` nobody 's fool '' in this country . 
  it 's turned us all into a bunch of cynical wankers plunging us headlong into american style `` fuck you got mine '' strongman culture . 
  no historian has ever contradicted that . 
  the revisionist history only tells one side of the story , that the puritans and catholics felt persecuted and unwelcome in the uk . 
  that the fairytale revisionist version does n't tell you is why they were persecuted , because at the time the uk was moving towards religious liberalism and secularism . 
  the puritans were persecuted because they were so zealous in their faith comparatively , and this triggered derision in a society moving in what was , for the time , a more progressive direction . 
  the core of the fear was that puritans and catholics would put faith over their loyalty to the nation , the puritans refusing to obey any authority that was n't derived from scripture ( see : sharia law ) , and the catholics having an allegiance to the pope that did n't sit well in a primarily protestant society . 
  the idea that the church of england was some tyrannical faith that foisted itself upon people is misguided . 
  just look at how presbyterianism after the act of union for example . 
  they were being persecuted because they would n't play ball with the new secular english culture and put god at the centre of everything though .
