  it 's not like you can expect old grannies tootling around town to go on the road at all times . 
  the uk has very much a road cyclist culture though , good for pedestrians but maybe not for very amateur cyclists and cars at times . 
  i was certainly more reluctant to get a bike living there , you have to be prepared for idiots who do n't give you a big enough berth ( to be fair almost nobody gives the legally required berth which is one whole lane , but some will take the piss and skim you by inches ) . 
  ultimately , this explains why the cyclists would be reluctant to use the footpath , unless it 's designed as a cycle path then they 're not meant to and could even be fined for it . 
  staying off the pavement is just the cycle culture they 're accustomed to . 
  all i 'm saying is that i do n't think it 's `` gross '' . 
  `` gross '' is the wrong term , it implies disgusting , like actual disgust , i do n't think anyone should really be feeling `` disgust '' towards smoking or smokers . 
  unhealthy , sure , smells unpleasant , sure , i just think calling it gross is just childish social condemnation . 
  generally i think people in the west today are just big babies when it comes to what they find `` gross '' . 
  a dead cat on the side of the road is gross , smoking is just smelly and bad for you . 
  i totally get it . 
  smoking is bad , it smells bad , it can aggravate people with asthma , and it increases you 're chances of getting sick / dying . 
  i think it should be condemned . 
  i just do n't think it should be called gross , like , let 's save that word for things that are literally gross , like rotten meat , and save our disgust for people / things , that really deserve it . 
   i see it as a manifestation of your perceived level of civilisation , advancement , affluence , etc. 
  obviously that can come hand-in-hand with contempt and judgment though . 
  in that sense it 's even more judgemental . 
  you are literally suggesting that smokers are less advanced , affluent , civilised than you , or at least suggesting cultures where it 's more common are these things . 
  personally i think it 's wrong . 
  our sense of moral abhorrence and our sense of physical repulsion are closely linked . 
  furthermore , your example just lists difference standards societies have for disgust , but imo it does n't show that disgust is subjective ( although i think people pretend it is and try to bend it 's meaning towards actions they want to condemn sometimes , which is what i think is going on here , and what i do n't like ) . 
  sure if you go to a mouldy cheap motel after being used to ritz you 'll find it disgusting , but if you come from a third world slum you might find that motel quite pleasant . 
  people do have different standards for disgust , but it 's still towards things that pertain to notions of cleanliness and disease . 
  however , it 's not like i find cocaine users disgusting , despite disapproving of it , and in the same vein i do n't find smokers disgusting , although i 'd highly recommend not engaging in that activity . 
  you sound unhappy , why do n't you step away from the computer for 10 minutes if really care that much . 
  i mean you 're going as far as to make allegations about someone you 've never met on the internet , have a chill . 
  also much different when you 've spent hours panhandling for that hit of heroin and you do n't want to fuck it up . 
  probably not like how you would pronounce charnce , that 's probably chahnce to you . 
  standard british pronunciation uses the this `` ah '' vowel for the letters ar and some words with just a ( like chance and past ) . 
  standard american uses this vowel for - o , - au , and - aw . 
  which is confusing . 
  most of the rest of the world , the ones that use the latin alphabet , just use this sound - a , and they probably ask themselves why english speakers always have to be different . 
  actually i do n't smoke . 
  used to , but got too old for that . 
  seen it from both sides , i just try not to be dicks to people who do smoke by calling them gross . 
  wikipedia , there 's not really a book 's worth you need to know about from a tefl point of view . 
  sure if you want to get into the histories of american and british dialects there are books on that , not that relevant for learners though . 
  nah , you 're just a vagina who ca n't take smells . 
  you people are pathetic . 
  also german . 
   hyper obese diabetes whales that do n't wash between skin folds , that sickly sweet please die smell . 
  i know it 's a shit smell , but stuff like that is exaggerated as fuck and totally uncalled for . 
  well if you lived in a community of non-rhotic speakers you 'd do the same . 
  many chonce would be a better way to write it for you !, 
  deportation will follow shortly . 
  surprising people still listen to them , the catholic church has such a clean record in ireland ... 
   he made operas in german , not italian , so i guess a lot more people could come and enjoy the story , they show it with the magic flute . 
  he wrote music for both italian and german librettos . 
  auf english heisst das `` the awful german language '' . 
  i really love what the bbc does but i think so much of their content is held back by a rigid adherence to a certain way of doing things . 
  the whole process is heavily theatre influenced , from heavily relying on young drama schooled actors that all give a certain type of performance and tend to look a certain way . 
  reusing the same sets and styles of sets for similar types of programme . 
  finally and most importantly always putting crappy moral tales into their dramas . 
  still a lot of their stuff manages to be good despite this , so i still appreciate their work but having grown up on this shit the hallmarks of a bbc programme are unmistakable . 
  it 's not like iphone users are n't equally dicks . 
  why would people downvote ? 
  this article is hardly taking the tone of a gloating brexiteer `` project fear has been defeated '' attitude . 
  it 's just stating the facts that some certainty has returned now that some more pessimistic predictions of market reactions to the referendum result seem unlikely . 
  education in the us sounds like the wild west . 
  where i am even non-university institutions can become accredited to award legitimate degrees , they just have to meet a narrow requirement for that particular subject . 
  that 's how most business schools work anyway , many are further education institutions with limited tertiary recognition in their core subjects i.e business . 
  there only times i 've seen non-accredited degrees on offer was for things like games design , which arguable do n't require it . 
  weird how `` for profit '' degree is a negative in the us , where capitalism is king , yet here in europe many for profit universities carry the same accreditation as public ones . 
  let 's face it , the only reason this gets attention is because fabric is high profile , high turnover , and in central london . 
  it 's been used a chess piece for local and national authorities that want to seem tough on `` rave '' drugs for well over a decade . 
  there are plenty of pill hole clubs in provincial cities and the outskirts of london that never get any backlash over drugs deaths unless they actually occur in the building , since nobody cares about them , as they are shitty , broke arse clubs that few people outside the scene have heard of . 
  on the rare occasion someone dies from drugs after attending one of these venues nobody ever finds out , because the police and other people who look over the incident reports ca n't sell the story to the newspapers . 
  if they see the word `` fabric '' though it 's suddenly of import . 
  sadly the uk seems to be regressing fast in the last 5ish years . 
  we 're going back to 90s style moral panic and towards the hopeless goal of saving drug users from themselves . 
  with premier may now in power i can only imagine it will get worse . 
  not really , most of the local clubs in birmingham for example wo n't id unless you look young , there are some clubs though that introduced no id no entry policies , which meant 50 year olds getting knocked back . 
  wow the early 2000s are starting to look as bad as the nineties these days . 
  click settings, 
  click turn off annotations, 
  apple has always pulled this shit , and their customer base has stuck with them regardless . 
  swiss german , this is like posting a video in heavy glaswegian . 
  why did my mind immediately jump to something perverted when i read this title ? 
  you come across like a huge slobbering fanboi . 
  americans buy american ( made in china ) . 
  skateboarding culture seems overtly homoerotic to me . 
  i thought it was bloody hilarious !, 
  6ft 8 ' weighs a fucking tonne, 
  my son is 63 % is in the marines !, 
  pff that 's nothing mine is 74 % in the marines !, 
  `` bar none '' is an expression in english . 
  `` bar '' means something like `` excluding '' or `` except '' . 
  as in `` everyone , bar the police , was refused entry '' . 
  here `` bar none '' would mean something like incomparable . 
  i imagine best case scenario here is that that police officer gets chewed out or put on few weeks of paid suspension , aka holiday time , and is made to do a few courses in disability sensitivity . 
  [ better than praying for a new private jet ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adh2dgsxjss ), 
  that euphoria is intense !, 
  you 're a dick . 
  i imagine those are the sounds the romans heard when the vandals were at the gates . 
  lol . 
  i 'm not remotely religious , i still think you 're a dick . 
  the church of england is one of the most progressive large christian institutions in the world , does n't deserve your childish hatred . 
  as a brit the general feeling here is that the american public 's involvement in case really destroyed any potential for a fair trial or for the truth to come to light . 
  because the trial became so politically loaded the facts have ceased to matter . 
  many brits , such as myself , do n't believe the italian prosecution 's version of events , however , also believe that knox has lied .
