  maybe there are legal issues with showing an example of a real emergency situation . 
  it was exactly as you said , all it was , was a girl with very little experience landing a plane with someone helping , that 's it , not following official protocol , no chance of anyone taking it to be an example of how this should be done in real life . 
  if they were n't concerned about theoretical legal issues ( very different from probable legal issues ) , why the disclaimer ? 
  i guess that issue would be the possibility that someone , such as a budding pilot , sees the video , takes it as an example of how to deal with an emergency situation , fucks up that emergency situation , and then blames the video 's creators for their mistake . 
  it 's a long shot of course , but they obviously felt a disclaimer was warranted . 
  if that 's the case then such cases would probably by some other agency , if you think there 's no plan for what to do if you do n't have a trained pilot on a plane then you 're mad . 
  there 's got to be a procedure for it somewhere . 
  things like this might be happened by a government agency . 
  i know it 's never happened . 
  but seriously governments have plans all kind of unlikely scenarios , they literally pay people to figure out what might happen if russia annexes sweden or if castilian separatists invade france . 
  well given how highly improbable it is it 's probably not wasting the time of ordinary atc people , but there is surely an government agency or some special department that plans for stuff like that . 
  especially with terrorism as a factor these days . 
  did n't say it was there . 
  the atc people acknowledge that someone must be responsible for such situations . 
  you 're angry at other people 's attitude to brexit . 
  for example , if you were a tory supporter , and the tories won the ge , and then you walked into a party where everyone was really upset they 'd won , you 'd probably feel irritated that they were all mourning when you were happy . 
  anyway , it does n't matter , just because you myopic fools choose to leave and `` we are leaving '' , does n't mean i have to be an ounce positive about . 
  for myself , and many remainers , if the uk leaves it will be something we 'll regret the rest of our lives , and we 'll never take a positive attitude towards it . 
  so what was the cost of 9/11 ? 
  do you know how much a commercial aircraft costs ? 
  do you know how much tax money there is for national security in most developed countries ? 
  do n't talk shit . 
  there are plans for virtually every kind of terrorist attacks imaginable , including ones where two pilots are incapacitated/dead but the passengers have retained control of the plane . 
   when the bad pr wo n't even be against them if the shit hits the fan ? 
  that 's laughable . 
  when disasters and terror attacks happen the government is the first in the firing line . 
  yet you 'll trust the tories to run a massive geopolitical shift ? 
  i have slid further right as i 've aged , but a lot of that is pragmatism . 
  when i was 16 hated the notion of capitalism and wanted to see it fail and new order replace it , but this is the kind of thing you think would be a great idea when you 're 16 . 
  now i 'm very much a socially progressive liberal and economically centrist . 
  i 've developed an appreciation for the economy , that it does miraculously function as way of organising society . 
  it 's not so much that my ideals have changed just that i 've come to realise there needs to be a method to change . 
  the collapse of capitalism would no doubt come with a huge cost in terms of political instability , sacrificing 20 years of my life to a period of instability just so we can reach some theoretical workers paradise is n't something that appeals to my adult mind . 
  now i 'd rather see a party that was n't as austerity obsessed as the tories , and more willing to push money down to the less fortunate , but still tried to keep the books balanced and did n't embrace a strongly socialist attitude to the economy . 
  that said , i 've found the alt-right or new-right to be some of worst fucking unrealistic wankers in the world . 
  i think we 're seeing the rise of the economically illiterate right . 
  it used to be that you could at least trust the moderate right wing to do what 's best from that country 's gdp and business interest . 
  however , now it seems the low education right is more interested in the right wing ethos of social harshness and nationalism than the actual core principles of the right wing that puts capitalism first . 
  the vote to leave the eu , and the new tory cabinet are reflections of this shift . 
  i find this new right utterly terrifying . 
  when people put national pride , their sense of superiority , and their desire for social regression ahead of the bottom line , it 's a sure sign of a decline into populism , and with it comes an increased chance of authoritarianism and war . 
  the only party i 've felt had the interest of young people reflected in their policy was the lib dems , and i did vote for them , three times , and we all know how that worked out . 
  germany 's old people are far more reasonable , mostly too young to remember the war , growing up in post-war germany and experiencing the consequences of the nationalist thinking their parents embraced . 
  they 're also in desperate need of young economically active human beings to support their pensions and health care infrastructure , sounds like a win win to me . 
  i 'm not saying they have people on call all the time , but they at least have a plan for such a situation , to suggest they do n't just naive . 
  you fundamentally misunderstand what security agencies do if you do n't think they 've planned for a massive variety of terrorist attack situations . 
  the exact opposite is true . 
  they were mostly british born and stationed in canada rather than settlers . 
  so all the forces at d-day were british because they came -- as in , travelled -- from britain ? 
  just because it 's not atc 's job , does n't mean a plan does n't exist . 
  what 's naive is to think the government , especially when would come under the civil service or whatever your country 's version of the mod is , is so utterly incompetent as to not to plan for all possible contingencies . 
  i have friends who work for the british civil service , and they literally pay them to draw up reports on what the best course of action would be if there was an international goldfish shortage and other ridiculous , feasible , but unlikely scenarios . 
  there are plenty of plans for what to do if one pilot becomes incapacitated , it 's hardly a stretch of the imagination to think that their could to a situation for two . 
  listen to the betty wong tapes from 9/11 , she was being transferred through to whichever agency is responsible for this shit . 
  yes , they do have people whose job it is to coordinate responses to hijackings from the ground , and those people undoubtedly know what to do if a non-pilot needs to land an aircraft . 
  you are an utter moron if you believe anything otherwise . 
  even the atc poster acknowledged that someone probably has a plan for such situations somewhere , it merely was n't something ordinary atc staff were trained for . 
  so if you get stationed in a colony temporarily you 're now a national of that country ? 
  are american solider 's posted in puerto rico now puerto ricans ? 
  glad someone understands . 
  i did n't mean the day to day atc workers train for this shit . 
  i merely meant that they 'll be able to put someone through to an agency or department who is responsible for this shit when planes get hijacked or have serious problems , and someone in that department there will be a protocol on what to do if a non-pilot has to land the aircraft . 
  people are jumping all over me and downvoting me as if just because atc staff do n't know anything about emergency protocol means such plans do n't exist . 
  the people in charge of international aviation safety are not a bunch of clowns , billions of dollars are at stake , when it comes to emergency scenarios , what to do if for some reason both pilots are for some reason out of action is no doubt high on the list of contingencies to plan for . 
  no really , i just have a basic understanding of how governments work , the ministry of defence in the uk for example has plans for what to do in all kinds of unlikely situations . 
  it 's exactly the kind of busy work many civil servants are paid to do . 
  it does n't matter that it was a colony . 
  the men who took the white house were mostly british born , and temporarily stationed in canada by the crown . 
  that does not make them canadians , although canadians did n't even exist at that time . 
  we had a milk men here in the uk well into the 90s . 
  the guy who works of atc in this thread said he thinks there is a plan too . 
  no there is n't a plan for `` every '' situation , but there certainly is a plan for this situation . 
  a commercial plane being without a trained pilot is not such an unlikely occurrence that nobody has ever thought about it or drew up a plan ever . 
  i think you just want there to be no plan because you 're an edgy teen who wants to make out like the government does n't spend billions on homeland security to plan for exactly these kinds of scenarios and really they 're just winging it . 
  just shut up and stop being a dick . 
  most the people who fought in the 1812-14 war in the us were british born british regulars stationed in canada , the people america attacked in canada were more often canada born british canadians . 
  i have nothing else to say, 
  whatever , you 're the one making nonsensical points about colonies . 
  i 'm bored with it . 
  i 've said what i wanted to say , it 's the truth , it 's now there for everyone to read . 
  other than that think what you like . 
  poor canada , does n't have its own identity :( stuck borrowing american slang . 
   so again , let 's logistically think this through . 
  if the atc has no knowledge of a plan , then how is a plan going to be enacted by an outside agency ? 
  they would need the atc to be aware of it , so that he could make the appropriate call and hand off the comm to the applicable party . 
  the atc obviously has someone they defer to in national emergency type situations . 
  which is exactly what did happen during 9/11 , and since 9/11 whoever 's responsibility it is will no doubt have had their budget increased massively . 
  i 'm 33 and in the aviation industry . 
  the government is n't winging it . 
  they 're just not spending resources on theoretical safety plans for situations that have virtual no statistical relevance . 
  it would be a waste of time , resources , and tax payer money . 
  cool story , i 'm 91 and the queen of england , the government has plans for what to do if romania invades bulgaria , it 's pretty clear they have a plan about what to do with a pilot-less plane . 
  it 's hardly unlikely in this age of terrorism , just because something has never happened does n't mean it 's even unlikely , the purpose of government agencies is often to plan for unexpected scenarios . 
   ( here 's the part where you should concede that maaaaybe you do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  but you wo n't . ), 
  no , because to anyone with an iq over 75 it 's patently obviously that someone somewhere will have made a report on what to do if both pilots are taken out by a terrorist or a sudden heart attack and nobody is able to pilot the plane . 
  just because you do n't know about this plan does n't mean it does n't exist . 
  i 'm tired of arguing with idiots who think their governments so incompetent as to not have plans for all kinds of unlikely scenarios . 
  it 's really not that hard or expensive to put two civil servants in a room and ask them to compile a report on what to do if such and such happens . 
  guess what , we have reports on what to do if aliens land , we have reports on what to do if the queen of england goes rogue and tries to bring back absolute monarchy , and we have plans on what to do if japan launches a secret attack on america .
