  now that you 've made this , maybe there are people who can pull off convincing character impressions that would be willing to do the voice work for you . 
  no thanks . 
  it 's only in your little american bubble that people take any of this shit seriously anyway . 
  gender norms are just a non-issue in my world . 
  my comment was a throw away joke and really not an indictment of my interpretation of that episode . 
  truth is that the pc crowd in america are quite hilarious with the juvenile shit they are about , like the fact that mcdonalds might sell a girls and a boys toy as if the expectation that boys prefer cars and girls prefer dolls was incredibly harmful . 
  meanwhile there are women being sold into prostitution ( which of course is still illegal in america ) and a variety of other real issues that do n't revolve around the pampered lives of affluent american college kids . 
  in truth that episode parodies the ridiculous campus progressiveness that abounds in the us , the kind of stupidity that would make someone criticise this particular video for supporting `` gender norms '' . 
  if anyone has privilege it 's idiots who have time to fool themselves into think gender norms need to be combated . 
  perhaps you should `` grow up '' . 
  lol , your country is making a joke out of real progressive values with it 's ego-centric childish stupid breed of progressiveness . 
  you are the anachronistic nation , your country is way way up there in the inequality and human rights abuse yet you actually think there 's something seriously wrong with thinking girls prefer pink and boys prefer blue and serious energy is devoted to that non-issue . 
   people are n't allowed to criticize this thing because a worse thing is happening !, 
  no , people are n't allowed to waste their time criticising something that is n't really bad in the slightest when they could be criticising something that actually matters . 
  no they ca n't do both , you have x time and energy , you can split that 50/50 or you can devote all your time to the thing that is really an issue , not an false issue that was invented by some over privileged brat of a trust fund baby . 
  gender norms are fine except when they 're not . 
  expecting women to stay at home and look after children simply because they 're the woman is not an ok gender normal . 
  expecting girls to like pink and boys to like blue , that is fucking absolutely fine . 
  seriously fuck you . 
  i 've been a left wing progressive my whole life , supporting actual socialist parties that want to make changes to the real world , help people from different countries , change how the economy works . 
  your bullshit false issues do nothing but make a mockery of it and destroy from the inside , it would n't be surprised if half of your bullshit is indirectly funded by rupert murdoch simply to undermine the real left , turning it into a laughing stock in the eyes of ordinary folk . 
  go back to tumblr you fucking spoilt children . 
  it 's nothing to do with half way , it about common fucking sense . 
  it 's only radical feminists who think that somehow changing people 's gender associations with fashion will somehow impact gender issues that actually matter . 
  yet somehow the over privileged fucks in the us have taken this shit to heart . 
  as for being `` judged '' for dressing like a girl . 
  fuck you it 's not an issue . 
  what 's funny is that in much of western and central europe we laugh at your pathetic concept of pc in the us , yet far fewer trans people are being attacked , and people who cross dress barely even raise an eyebrow . 
  you 'll find a massive difference between the people who call themselves progressive in countries like germany ( where i live and work ) and the netherlands , and even the uk ( where i was born , although less so thanks to us influence ) and the retardation that flies in america . 
  so yeah there is an us vs them . 
  us progressives are a fucking bad joke . 
  the old left in the us ( you know the ones that actually focussed on ending poverty and inequality rather on what hairstyles and fashions were considered normal ) was almost totally destroyed and consequently your progressive movement lost all sense of rhyme and reason , squabbling over pointless shit rather than real issues . 
  now people start to associate leftist movements with this pathetic shit and are being pushed away in droves , nobody wants to be associated with it even if that association is incorrect , so yeah thanks , your fighting to be able to wear a girly jacket is setting back real progress by decades , well done . 
  no you fuck off , and fuck everything you believe and all the stupid fucks who are part of it . 
  you are literally leading us head long into a right wing future where none of the shit you believe will be remotely important anyway because although you 'll be able to wear mixed gender clothing and be referred to with a gender neutral pronoun , you 'll be working for a corporation your whole fucking life and side stepping homeless people in the gutter because of your selfish myopic outlook . 
  even if i were willing to consider the ridiculous premise that it were somehow harmful for it to be considered unusual that a man wear a dress , did you ever stop to think that the world might not be ready for that ? 
  that you might actually be hurting other more important causes by bringing public attention to this issue ? 
  that perhaps once we 've convinced the populations of western nations the socialism is a functional form of government then they might be more willing to accept more radical proposals . 
  the only thing that matters to any reasonable progressive is the eventual dissolution of capital and triumph of labour over exploitative forces . 
  there is absolutely nothing that trumps that goal . 
  that is what matter to any informed educated left wing person . 
  except you fucks in america probably think capitalism is just fine and dandy provided nobody gets `` shamed '' for wearing the wrong colour or style of clothing . 
  all the american pc brigade does is isolate ordinary people from the left , turning it into a standing joke . 
  and all that labour needs to spur on the eventual movement away from capitalism is the support of those very ordinary people you selfish egotistical fucks are pushing away . 
  you are nothing more than ill educated pawns of capitalist interests who want to divert attention from real issues and onto yourself . 
  your politics is a politics of feels rather than thought , it 's all `` omg how bad would that person who is gender queer feel if they were shamed for it and felt unhappy '' . 
  well fuck that person and fuck their feelings . 
  fuck them to hell . 
  the needs of people starving to death in 3rd world countries and the homeless take priority over your feelings , fucking deal with them like any mature adult would . 
  oh and before you call it a false dichotomy , it 's fucking not . 
  every time some radical issue like whether it 's ok to enforce dress codes in schools gets attention that 's a giant leap back for real change . 
  it just makes anything but conventional conservationism seem petty and pathetic . 
  the more radical you become the more the right wing celebrates knowing that their hegemony is secure . 
  you are an embarrassment and you are class traitors . 
  you are destroying the very possibility of the world you claim to want to achieve . 
  well you 're a cunt for your snotty beliefs frankly , so i do n't feel bad at all . 
  i mean seriously `` uk theatre is riddled with orchestras that mess up on overtures '' ... 
  i mean 1 ) it 's a massive generalisation ( as has been your entire opinion ) 2 ) many of those musicians will have attended the royal college of music , julliard , le conservatoire de paris or hans eisler , clearly they ca n't handle a sondheim score , obviously that 's beyond them 3 ) it 's entirely your subjective opinion that they messed it up . 
  you know the those tens of thousands of paying customers that walk away happy with the performance ? 
  well they did n't think they messed up . 
  ( hell even many of the newspaper critics did n't think they messed it up ) . 
  and yes , you can tell me they would n't know a good performance if it bit them in the arse , but this just typical elitist snobbery . 
  how dare you when you work in musicals , are you getting payback for all the opera and classical music snobs that look down on your medium ? 
  because all you 're actually doing is showing that you 're no better than them . 
  you know your best ever performance as a pianist ? 
  well arthur rubinstein would 've thought it utterly abysmal . 
  who are you to judge the little shop of horrors as any less kitsch than cats . 
  i 'll level with you , i do n't actually give a fuck about musicals . 
  i 've seen maybe 10 in my life . 
  as for the question about which is better the west end or broadway is better as far as i can see it 's entirely a matter of taste , there are connoisseurs of the genre who show a preference for one or the other , even sondheim himself is on record saying he preferred the west end . 
  however i think most would be willing to acknowledge that there is no definitive answer , that they are both home to world class productions . 
  ultimate , such questions are stupid generalisations , each an every performance will differ in its quality depending on a million different things , there is no way in hell anyone can objectively judge whether broadway performances are on average better than west end performances . 
  what is worrying is why you feel the need to assert that the us is somehow better than the uk in english language musical theatre . 
  the way an adult would frame it is to say `` i prefer american musicals to european ones '' and forgo childish and pathetic arguments . 
  the only reason i see for this behaviour is some deep seated nationalism lurking behind it . 
  in reality i have literally not idea which is better , but i 'm smart enough to recognise that such a question is inherently stupid . 
  there is no `` best country '' at musicals and furthermore whether good musicals are produced in your country is the product of random uncontrollable factors like whether your country has a tradition of musicals ( which is why so few come out of spain , for example ) and whether certain musically gifted individuals just happen to be born there . 
  to to summarise you sir , are a cunt for 2 reason , 1 ) you 're an artistic snob and 2 ) you 're behaving like a nationalist, 
  no , that is your entirely subjective opinion that is worth no more than your aunt nessy 's . 
  maybe being around the snobby culture that surrounds the arts has blinded you to that fact , but until you can acknowledge it then we wo n't be able to have a mature discussion about it . 
  cleverbot has always struck me as kind of stupid . 
  it often makes response that just do n't make any sense whatsoever , like it 's just flat out ignoring what you previously said . 
  i mean seriously . 
  `` i 've answered all your questions '' `` no you have n't '' `` what is god to you ? 
  nope , sociopath, 
  i think it 's more than just that though . 
  lots of my grandparent 's generations seem to be much smaller and i 'm sure they were getting most of their vitamins as children . 
  they grew up in comparative poverty and i think the change in diet has affected it as well . 
  we now eat tonnes more protein , have loads of variety , have fruit and vegetables they would 've only dreamed of . 
  my grandparents would 've been eating stew , things fried in lard , vegetables that are easily grown in the climate like carrots and peas , and very few had enough to be anything but quite skinny . 
  their diets were incredibly repetitive even if it was enough to keep a human body healthy , a slight bit of excess during childhood probably does help with growth . 
  watch the documentary again . 
  the whole thing was about how he wanted to sell the new jet fighters to the saudis when they were being threatened by egypt which was well before 1970 . 
  the americans were bribing the saudis for the contract and britain had to start bribing too and the british won the contract . 
  i 'm not saying he did n't influence it , but to say that he put the whole modern situation into motion , as if he were entirely responsible for it , and it would n't have happened without him , it terribly naive i think . 
  he was just a facilitator . 
  overdue for weed !, 
  ( sorry , this mistake sticks out a mile if do and due are n't homophones in your accent ), 
  wow poor guy . 
  weed is very unnerving if you have n't done it for years or never before .
