  sadly now we have neither , have the suffering of austerity with none of the positives of the strong economy it was allegedly meant to bring us . 
  looking back on this , you 're actually wrong . 
  i did n't say that the leave vote was bigger than the remain vote by margin 1.9 % , or that there was a 1.9 % difference between the leave vote and the remain vote , i essentially said that the leave voter go a majority by a margin of 1.9 % , which is factually correct . 
  i hope you see what a pointless pedant you 're being now . 
  i 'm not sure about that . 
  the uk has been one of the most accepting nations of the bologna system , at least at the university level , not sure if this affects pre-university level education . 
  germany on the other hand has been super resistent to bologna because of its own system of 5 year degrees . 
  one thing of note though is that mandatory education has always stopped at 16 in the uk . 
  only recently did they implement a law that said that 16-18 year old ca n't do nothing , and must at least register for an apprenticeship if they want to work at that age . 
  i could n't agree more , that 's the real sting , the fact that things were generally on the up prior to all this bullshit . 
  objectively we were fine . 
  now i realise that some people were n't fine , the poorest most economically deprived regions have suffered in the last 10 years . 
  however , that suffering has virtually nothing to do with the eu . 
  it pains me that the uk has directed its anger at the eu instead of towards the people responsible , and now we 'll suffer because the media was able to scapegoat the eu for our problems . 
  `` people are angry , but they ca n't explain why '' pretty much sums up the problem . 
  some people have is rough , and they know that they feel worse off than they felt before , but they do n't know what to blame . 
  a situation like this is dangerous , and it can lead people to blame any viable candidate that presents itself , in this case the eu . 
  i would say to you that `` brexit means brexit '' does n't meant the same as `` brexit means article 50 '' . 
  i have a feeling that may is hoping to negotiate a deal without it , or at least get a deal on the table 1st , and yes i know that the eu has said no negotiations without article 50 , but this is because they want to make it as difficult as possible for the uk to actually leave this stage . 
  a few months from now , when things are seen more clearly , she might be able to start getting assurances from the individual members states to get a clear idea of what the situation is . 
  as an individual i want eea membership ( i live in germany as an eu citizen ) , however , from the mindset of an economist or politician eea membership looks like a shitty deal for the uk , we could lose financial passporting , we wo n't be able to deregulate industry to boost our economy , nor will be have say at the eu table , and our continued membership will depend on following laws set by from brussels . 
  from an economic / political standpoint eea membership offers all of the downsides of eu membership with none of the perks . 
  i fear it 'll put the country in a weak position and allow other countries to appropriate our prosperity and export it to the mainland through regulation . 
  yay !, 
  we 're almost in the same place we were immediately after the vote to leave came in . 
  2 cents down , just another 18 to go until we 're back where we were before the referendum !, 
  intelligent guy , got a lot of time for this . 
  please do n't be racially motivated, 
  i meant in the more general sense of against someone from a different country , that said , i do n't know magdalen , norfolk but it does n't sound very culturally diverse . 
  do n't think so , but i do n't know enough to say . 
  not sure what you mean by equivalency . 
  all i know is that the people over at the financial times seem to be very worried about losing the passporting rights at this time . 
  what some people are hoping is that the markets in financial instrument directive , coming in in 2018 , will essentially open up eu markets to non-eu countries in a similar way that passporting rights did . 
  however , the rights afforded by this directive is more restrictive than what the uk currently enjoys . 
  for example , it wo n't cover insurance and other types of financial services . 
  even as eea members , we 'll only be free to import and export goods , services may not be covered , which would be a big hit to the city and consequently uk gdp / tax revenue . 
  that 's a harsh break . 
  i live and work in $ so i do n't really feel any difference , but i know the $ is down against the $ , so that might affect the general price of things . 
  i do own some # , but i 'm just going to keep them in the uk doing nothing as much as a can in the hope their value will rise . 
  copped . 
  copped means copped . 
  i 'm just amazed at the response this caused . 
  i mean is n't everyone aware that many girls of that age tend to have a bit of a negative attitude because of peer pressure , not wanting to stand out , etc. 
  it takes being an adult to stop giving a fuck what people think and just embrace what you enjoy . 
  now i 'm getting allegations of everything from misogyny to being a nerd with a grudge to bear . 
  it 's ridiculous . 
  copped, 
  i find german queues quite disorderly , for example , at the bakery , instead of forming an orderly queue the germans just hang around and expect everyone to remember the order in which people arrived . 
  you 'd think it were a pub . 
  furthermore , in a shop , if a new till is opened , everyone will rush for it and form a new queue , every man for himself style , even when it 's perfectly possible to maintain a single line and have people alternately go to each cashier once they 're free ( a manoeuvre i 've only ever seen in the homeland ) . 
  to my shame , i found myself doing the same after living there a while , it 's as if the opening of a new register totally nullifies the correctness of everyone being served in the order they arrived at the tills in the german mind . 
  germany need to up their queue game . 
  sincerely ,, 
  a british person . 
  i learnt to keep up living here in germany . 
  the trick is to put all the stuff in the order it 's going into your bag ( s ) and have them open at the end of the checkout . 
  you then just use a pushing motion to get them to go straight in . 
  lol since nobody has told you yet , let [ me update you on the copped thing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aiavtmne8lc ), 
  hmm , i do n't think it 's that bad , remember that a lot of the elderly voted on the grounds of `` sovereignty '' ( despite the uk 's sovereignty never being at question ) . 
  i do n't think they 'll want to rid themselves of racists by giving them what they want . 
  it would n't be hard to dress up a move to eea with freedom of movement as a win for the uk to the majority of the leave voting moron . 
  the hardline racists will be angry but it will take a wind out of their argument 's sails to some degree . 
  certainly a large percentage of the leave vote was n't directly due to racist ideas like `` get the foreigners out '' ( although i ca n't help think that subconscious xenophobic and racist attitudes played a large part in most leave voters decision on who to listen to in the debate ) . 
  now you know how the rest of the world feels watching virtually any exported american television programme ever . 
  no he does n't . 
  you can clear hear his northern roots coming through , especially when he says words like `` one '' and `` does n't '' . 
  you posted this :, 
   i got dem er lacky band on mah hair yes sir mam , im from wa , id call it an elastic band , a rubber band , or a lacky , maybe they only allowed one selection in the survey, 
  just 4 days ago , i do n't think you 're british . 
  i , however , am , and i can tell you that it just sounds like a totally normal way of speaking . 
  what are you saying ? 
  i feel the same way about the verb `` texted '' , but apparently that 's a word now . 
  also fitted is totally legitimate in british english ( and by extension commonwealth english ) . 
  the fact you call them `` lines '' suggests you 're american , and i have to say that in my experience americans are n't the best at that either . 
  as a british person i 've never been anywhere that queues like we do , i mean , we even queue at bus stops where queuing is completely unnecessary . 
  the only better queuers in my opinion are possibly the japanese . 
  christ , when did reddit become to sensitive . 
  i was just poking fun at teenagers while pointing out we were all like that once . 
  teenagers are fair game for mockery . 
  you 're taking this as a personal attack on this individual when it clearly is n't . 
  who does n't have frustrations with teenage girls ? 
  ask their parents , you 'll hear a great deal of frustration . 
  they 're often overconfident , naive , negative , and totally controlled by peer pressure . 
  teenage boys also tend to have similar problems . 
  i do n't get what 's wrong with making fun of this girl 's stereotypical teenage aloofness . 
  it 's like people are saying `` we hate her and she 's a terrible person '' . 
  to me it seems like many redditers are simply running to defend her because they 're naive teenagers themselves . 
  actually it means exactly what op is trying to communicate . 
  you just speak murican . 
  in english , however , the past tense of `` to fit '' is `` fitted '' . 
  my point was merely that how wrong `` i have fitted '' sounds to you is exactly how i feel about `` i have texted '' . 
  true that, 
  it 's not op 's fault you ca n't speak english . 
   outside north america , fitted , as used below , is the preferred form :, 
   sir ernest eldridge fitted the first example of an a-12 to mephistopheles in 1922 with the aim of taking some silverware at brooklands . 
  [ telegraph ], 
   they 've fitted the birds with satellite tags that will track their movements in the uk and abroad . 
  [ daily mail ], 
  i have lived in bavaria , can confirm it was the same in my experience ( bavaria is actually where most my experience is from ) , and in edeka they were damn fiends . 
  i think if anything it 's worse in bavaria , because the early closing hours mean you have that crazy 17.00 - 20.00 period when everyone is rushing to the getr\u00e4nkemarkt and supermarket .
