  well hey they did kill their social worker . 
  well yes , it 's not the same humour obviously . 
  all i really meant is that british people like canadian humour and vice versa . 
  yeah street hookers in germany will go straight for your junk with one hand and your pocket with the other . 
  i do n't see how an otherwise mentally healthy and physically fit person living in the first world with some economic stability can think this way , and i do n't see how it would be morally justifiable to assist their killing themselves . 
  even when you feel that life is completely pointless , there are always basic simple pleasures available to you that make life worth sticking around for , at least while you have your health and sanity . 
  there 's always another book to read , another film to see , there 's always someone you can help who has it worse than you , another way for you to improve yourself somehow , another skill to learn or another subject to study , hell even another reddit comment to write . 
  if you ca n't find pleasure in anything then there must be something wrong with your brain , and if you ca n't acknowledge that there 's something wrong with your brain then you are either mentally ill to the point of irrationality or doing some serious cognitive backflips to externalise the problem onto the world rather than accepting you have the problem . 
  ultimately it 's foolish to suggest that life is n't worth living if you have these opportunities in it , and giving credence to the notion is just wrong . 
  i have plenty of sympathy for depressed people precisely because they are suffering from a mental illness , or at least going through a very hard time in their lives which has led them to be depressed . 
  however , offering such people assisted suicide seems to be giving credence to their beliefs rather than treating them as a malfunctioning of the mind . 
  i do n't know how happy the boss will be when he sees this . 
  definitely ancient aliens !, 
  i do n't see how anyone could ever conclude that depression is incurable given how little we understand of it . 
  it 's hardly as if we can look the neurochemistry and the brain and say there 's some depression , otherwise fixing depression would be the simple matter of altering that chemistry . 
  in reality with what little we know all we can do is make educated guesses at what is going in a suicidally depressed patient 's brain , and we have drugs what will alter the chemical balance of the brain based on those theories , but all of them only have partial success . 
  some people try every drug under the sun only to be cured by a good therapist . 
  what on earth are you on about . 
  that 's completely irrelevant . 
  the point was not that people in first world countries can not be depressed , my point was that for those people living in the first world with reasonable quality of life it 's foolish to give credence to their belief that their lives are not worth living . 
  so we 'll assist someone 's suicide simply because we ca n't prove they 're not incurable . 
  how absurd . 
  if anything we should be preventing their suicide , with force if necessary . 
  this is not some terminally ill patient who simply avoiding the suffering of a slow death , nor is someone who horrifically disabled that they feel they can have no quality of life whatsoever . 
  it 's someone who is in a subjective state of unhappiness , it 's madness to go around helping people off themselves simply because they 're depressed . 
  a depressed person is n't dying nor is their illness veritably terminal . 
  happiness is obviously always subjective , i do n't know why you feel the need to reiterate that back to me . 
  and it 's being subjective is why depression can sometimes be cured with nothing but therapy or a change of outlook , not something that happens with schizophrenia . 
  how is an odd chance when most people with depression do get better or at least find their circumstances much improved . 
  i do n't think we should go around helping people top themselves because of the odd chance they 'll live their entire lives in such a state ... 
   because you said `` subjective state of unhappiness '' which is redundant , it implies there 's an objective state of unhappiness, 
  that 's not how language works there , chap . 
  i could have equally have written `` a state of unhappiness , which i 'll emphasise is subjective '' . 
  perhaps try not being such an / r/iamverysmart type next time . 
  we have no means of discerning a hopeless case of depression from one that would abate if the person were to live another 5 years so as far as i 'm concerned cases for which assisted suicide is justifiable do not exist . 
  i did n't say that a mental illness can not do those things . 
  my point was rather that while someone has these things available to them and is depressed , we can not give credence to the idea that they are anything else but mentally ill , something which imo assisting their suicide seems to do . 
  to put it another way . 
  someone who is destined to live their whole life in a third world prison being subject to torture with no chance of escape and is suicidal is not mentally ill . 
  likewise someone suffering from severe disability such as complete paralysis of their body , or someone who is going to die a slow painful death from a brain tumour , and wants to go out in a dignified manner , these people are not mentally ill either . 
  that 's why i see it as ethical to give them the right to die should they want it , as they have made a rational decision to die based on legitimate circumstances that make that outcome preferable for them . 
  however someone who is severely depressed and therefore suicidal despite no external factor generating this desire to die is by definition mentally ill , and it seems unethical to me to allow a mentally ill person to make a decision over whether they want to live . 
  i do not wish to play down depression as if the people who were depressed are wrong in doing so , they are simply suffering from an illness . 
  but as it 's a illness we can not say for certain is terminal or incurable , it would be wrong of us to assist them in dying . 
  lol buy apple , it 's american !, 
  you may get a device with all the computing power of a 6 year old pc but hey look how sleek it is !, 
  another leet stem master race redditor, 
  cue clapping , burgers fall from the sky , everyone tips each other according to how well they think they were singing ... 
  the tune is a british drinking song fyi xd, 
  you 're the one acting arrogantly i 'm afraid , and no , we have no clue whether that person 's depression would abate , simply because someone has been depressed a long time is not strong indicator that it will continue into the future . 
  until we can point to the function of the brain that is irrevocably damaged beyond our capacity to fix then we can not say that this person will live their entire life with a greatly reduced quality of life , thus we can not ethically justify assisted suicide . 
  i 've already explained my position . 
  i do n't believe that anyone who wants to die is necessarily incapable of making the decision regarding whether they want to die . 
  someone who is severely physically disabled , for example , entirely paralysed and only able to move their eyes , but otherwise entirely mentally healthy should surely have the right to die . 
  with a cancer patient too . 
  what you 're missing about cancer though is that we know roughly how long a cancer patient will live , and barring any absurd miraculous breakthrough in cancer treatment that could somehow how immediately skip a trial phase ( for example if we found an existing medication used to treat something different happened to miraculously cure cancer and to have gone unnoticed all this time ) , then we know that no cure will come within the time frame that they have . 
  the same is true of degenerative illnesses , we know how long people have before those illnesses destroy the patient 's quality of life . 
  in all these cases people are making a rational decision to die from a state of perfect mental health . 
  however a severely depressed person will probably continue to live for the rest of their expected lifespan , they do n't have a window of 9 months or 2 year or whatever before they die anyway . 
  they could go on to be 80 , and if a cure were to be found in 20 years time , or if the depression were to abate after another 10 years , they would no doubt be glad that they were n't given the option to commit suicide whilst they were in the throes of a mental illness . 
  there 's a big difference between allowing someone who is dying to speed up the process , or allowing someone who we can be almost 100 % certain will not recover any quality of life to die , and allowing someone who is depressed to die . 
  no matter how many options psychiatrists and therapists have exhausted , there 's no way to be certain , especially when we 're talking about a very long time frame in which they have to recover . 
  you were being arrogant by telling me what i said was redundant , misinterpreting what i said to try to one up me . 
  sometimes it helps to make things clear , and while it may be perfectly clear to you that happiness is subjective ( although i 'm sure if we got into neuroscience and philosophy then we could argue otherwise ) , it does n't hurt to clarify things for those who may not conceive of happiness as obviously subjective . 
  i 'm sure if you said `` i have the subjective impression that ... '' and then someone said `` duuuh all impressions are subjective '' you 'd think them a smart arse tosspot too . '', 
  [ yes it is ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_star-spangled_banner ), 
   the tune of a popular british song written by john stafford smith for the anacreontic society , a men 's social club in london . 
  `` to anacreon in heaven '' ( or `` the anacreontic song '' ), 
   the anacreontic society was a popular gentlemen 's club of amateur musicians in london founded in the mid-18th century . 
   it soon became a popular drinking song on both sides of the atlantic, 
  no it ** was ** popular . 
  it is a drinking song . 
  i did n't say it was currently a popular british drinking song . 
  that 's why i said the tune is a drinking song . 
  those lyrics do n't really suit drinking haha, 
  the catholic part of germany should be having a massive party with costumes and smashed bottles everywhere . 
  well everyone has their opinion on the matter but when you say . 
   is that really any different from someone 's limbs not working as they should ? 
  i think you hit in the nail on the head . 
  in my opinion , most certainly yes , a mental illness is very different from someone who is severely physically disabled . 
  for me , the ethical justifiability of assisted suicide hinges upon the fact that 1 ) the person is a rational compos mentis individual making a choice 2 ) the justifications for that choice can be understood by the people doing the assisting . 
  a depressed person is by definition not compos mentis and therefore can not make this decision . 
  additionally , whilst it is true that someone who has a terrible degenerative physical illness may live a long life and may be cured 20 years down the line , i do n't believe that a disease 's being terminal is the only factor at play . 
  some people believe that only those who are going to die anyway should be given assisted suicide . 
  compare to them my understanding of it is pretty liberal , however i draw the line with the mentally ill . 
  the only requirement that needs to met in this regard is that a disease be though reasonably incurable with current technology . 
  naturally that would mean that all avenues for a cure available to a patient have been exhausted . 
  i suppose you could formulate it like this :, 
  a person who is in suffering should be given the right to die if :, 
  1 ) they suffer from a condition or state of being whereby they demonstrably experience an extremely reduced quality of life, 
  2 ) all avenues for cure or relief available to them have been exhausted, 
  3 ) the condition or state of being is considered incurable by modern medical science and no strongly efficient cure is expected to become available within the next few years, 
  4 ) the person is of sound mental health and capable of making rational decisions, 
  5 ) their decision to die can be justified to medical health professionals by the patient, 
  the mentally ill do not meet requirement 4 ) and thus can not be ethically assisted in suicide . 
  as far as i am concerned to help a mentally ill person kill themselves would be an immoral act . 
  a seizure is a very different thing from a mental illness . 
  while both involve the brain one is a physical symptom of some brain malfunction but gives us no reason to distrust the judgement of the individual . 
  i think we can be quite clear about what is a mental illness affecting the mind and what is a physical illness that involves the brain . 
  someone with anxiety disorder is compos mentis most the time but not when they are in the middle of an attack , likewise someone with bi-polar disorder is compos mentis most the time except when they 're in a manic state or in a period of depression .
