  there was some bizarre system , which changed everyday , that dictated when you were allowed into the hall to get your lunch . 
  everyone had the same hour and 20 minutes lunch break , but depending on your year and which day it was you could n't actually go to get food until 1 pm , 1.10 pm , 1.20 pm , 1.30 pm , 1.40 pm and so on like that . 
  the prefects would enforce this by kicking kids out of the lunch queue ( the queue for the hall not the food ) if they realised you were n't the right age for lunch yet . 
  entrance to the hall was staggered in groups of 5 , every 30 seconds or so , in order to stop the canteen being overwhelmed . 
  part of the fun of school was fucking with the guys unfortunate to be given these jobs since they had no real authority and were usually pretty nerdy well behaved kids . 
  it was amazing how differently some of them responded to the authority . 
  the ones who did n't take it too seriously typically got respected more than the ones who tried to exert their power , who 'd get wound up endlessly even by the 1st year students . 
  i imagine in this video what you see is one of the unpopular prefects trying to stop kids from going into a part of the building they 're not meant to be in during their break . 
  yeah ... no . 
  you wo n't produce good german with google translate . 
  i have some passable conversational german , ok understanding of the grammar and stuff , and even with the help of google translate i still make some heinous grammatical errors . 
  it 's hard to know the sense of the word . 
  do you use ignorieren or \u00fcbergehen ? 
  which one fits the context better ? 
  hard to know ... 
  actually the british government did an analysis of government officials tasked with learning certain languages . 
  english speakers found spanish and italian the easiest to learn , german was a category higher , stuff like russian was higher still and chinese and other east asian languages were the toughest . 
  lol , you 're full of it . 
  i 've never heard anyone call german easy . 
  also english is no derivative of german , not remotely . 
  being a germanic language does n't mean derived from german , it means they both share sort of a common ancestor , although even that is reductive . 
  english  german is definitely easier than english  mandarin , or mandarin  german , but it 's not like you have a huge advantage as an english speaker , a minor one at best . 
  although there is like a billion of us compared to at best maybe 100 million of you ( if you speak german which is unofficially the second lingua franca of europe ) , unless you speak spanish of course , but most of those places are far away . 
  that 's terrible . 
  in the uk you are actually required to learn a language , usually a choice of french , spanish and sometimes german . 
  the teaching is n't that bad really , you do learn a lot of vocab and grammar to the point where you can communicate at a basic level . 
  the real problem is lacking the opportunity to use the language , which means you forget it all the moment you leave school . 
  lucky if you 're one of the few who learns good english from an early age , not so good if you 've suffered terrible teachers your whole life and struggle to get by with basic phrases . 
  how easy a language is to learn entirely depends on you native language . 
  there are things about english that make it somewhat easy for other speakers of european languages , but there 's nothing about it that makes it easier than other languages for speakers of mandarin for example . 
  ah ok . well i had good teachers throughout school for french , however even then we started too late , about 11 years old . 
  you really need to start learning when you 're about five to have the advantages that childhood learning provides . 
  they 've never had curry ... 
  there 's a fair bit wrong with what you 've said there . 
  there was no such language as ancient german . 
  what you had was proto germanic language coming from indo european languages . 
  these were split into things like west germanic , east germanic , north germanic ( norse ) . 
  west germanic was split into languages like old high german , old franconian , anglo-frisian . 
  old english principally comes from the anglo frisian strain of west germanic . 
  modern high german comes from a blend of two strains of old high german that were spoken in north and central germany respectively . 
  english is n't so much a brother of german , but its second cousin . 
  furthermore there 's tonnes of differences in structure between the two languages in their modern form . 
  english was affected strongly by both later norse dialects from denmark . 
  english was affected by celtic languages which brought words like bard , hog and dad . 
  vikings brought words like leg and get , as well as eroding the declension system away , something that most germanic languages retain to some degree or the other . 
  finally the normans came bringing tonnes of old french with them , completely changing the syntax of the language to be more like that of a romance language in some respects . 
  later scholars started to introduce many latin and greek words because they were considered intellectual cultures . 
  only 26 % of words in the english language are of germanic origin and that includes norse which already a long way from west germanic languages . 
  english phonology moved a long way from german with the loss of long and short vowels for the most , which lead to the great vowel shift and the diphthongisation of many words which is a major reason why english orthography is so fucked up . 
  there 's no reason why english  german or german  english would be any easier than polish  german or english  french . 
  in fact it 's been shown that the languages english speakers find the easiest to learn are spanish and italian . 
  it 's much easier for dutch people to learn german and vice versa , since they really are much closer together in terms of their origins . 
  adaiaias or diis would make sense surely ... 
  so called ding ding ding, 
  if you call it `` craft beer '' then you 're just an yankee doodle on a fad thing with his 20 year old breweries . 
  i hate gaming culture . 
  i 've been to cons and never felt more out of place in my life . 
  to me there seems to be a wide divide between people who are simply a bit nerdy and people identify as and pride themselves on being nerds or geeks . 
  the former are just ordinary folk who naturally gravitate towards interests that happen to be considered nerdy , the later are bunch of intolerable social rejects who did n't fit in at school and so had to build up this idea of being different and unconventional somehow . 
  so much elitism , clannishness and attention seeking in those communities . 
  if you just dress normal , act normal , and enjoy normal things alongside having nerdy interest you 'll never gain their acceptance . 
  you have to have dorky fashion , and show your geekiness in eveyr facet of your existence or you 're just a phoney in their eyes . 
  i used to know a fair few gaming journalists who were like this , the irony is that most of them did n't seem to even like games that much , and were proud of great accomplishments like completing skyrim over the course of 3 months , while i 'd happily lock myself in a room for 3 days and emerge bleary eyes with most of the content done and dusted . 
  you 're wrong about room . 
  room is most commonly pronounced to rhyme with zoom / flume , with a long - u / u : / . 
  both room and broom can also be pronounced with the vowel from book , short vowel / \u028a / which is chiefly southern british . 
  neither is technically correct , the former is most widely used by far while the latter is conservatively received pronunciation . 
  yeah i would be okay with that . 
  [ you saying you can understand that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ch-_gwoo4xi ) , because i speak english and decent enough german and i do n't understand a fucking word !, 
  lol that 's way too long man . 
  i got in about 2005 and got out by 2008 . 
  the best was already over by then . 
  corn on pizza is fucking godlike . 
  i could n't agree more . 
  i noticed the ones who stayed tended to enjoy the repetition of it , the kinds who had 6 max level characters with maxed out professions . 
  i 've known very few raiders or hardcore pvpers who 've lasted more than 2 expansions . 
  i can understand players who joined later enjoying the further expansions since that 's all they no , but i do n't think i know anyone who lasted 9 years . 
  seems my opinion is unpopular with reddit . 
  yeah they do n't ruined it by making accessible . 
  it was so fun getting attuned so you 'd be doing content that other players could only dream of playing . 
  shit which server were you on ? 
  i remember those guild names ... 
  i think it 's more when your friends all start to quit and go casual . 
  for those of us riding the raid scene from vanilla that time tended to be around 2008 as there were some pretty big content gaps between illidan and sunwell , and then between sunwell ( which was a definite guild killer ) and then wotlk . 
  my guild , which i 'd been instrumental in founding collapsed halfway through sunwell when we realised we 'd never kill mu ` ru . 
  we 'd lost a lot of players in the break between killing illidan , summer 2007 vs march 2008 , and once people saw there was no more progress to be had players began leaving eventually leading us to have hellish drama filled wipes on brutallus and even kalecgos . 
  this concluded with everyone deciding on an agreement by which everyone who wanted to see the end of the content was allowed to join the top guild on the server who was also having trouble fielding a full roster . 
  most of us who did this just finished the game but our hearts were no longer in it , and probably 75 % of the raiding community on my server quit or went casual by the time wotlk released . 
  of course there was a new generation of players coming in to fill our shoes but it was just never the same again . 
  ah yeah i had a mage for pvp on stormscale in tbc so i would 've seen you there probably . 
  i definitely remember seeing northern lights and core . 
  it was such a high population server though . 
  i raided on a different server though . 
  yeah that is true . 
  wow was n't entirely different though . 
  there was definitely content gaps and the irony was the more hardcore your guild was the longer breaks you 'd get before the next expansion brought new content . 
  problem was though that many people who take these breaks and not come back because they 'd go outside and find they suddenly wanted to be irl again . 
  when the content was constant then even people who were experiencing a bit of burnout would come back because it was just to good to miss . 
  for most of the raiders who started in vanilla , 2008 was that break in content , combined with the changes that wotlk brought it just kinda killed the old school raiding scene . 
  yeah well this was blizzard 's solution to the fact that many players never saw a lot of the content , not at least until they were in the next expansion and could face roll everything with vastly improved stats .
