  yeah , my point was n't that i 'm likely to be attacked . 
  point was that if i just spent a few days walking around and around scotland 's worse schemes with an england shirt then eventually some scally would give me some shit for it . 
  in the same way if a scot walked around some scummy areas of england in a kilt someone would eventually get shit for it . 
  it hardly means that racism against scots/english is increasing or rife . 
  not remotely the same . 
  there are some good articles on the ft about it , passporting really benefits stuff like the insurance industry in a way equivalency never could . 
  ok great , so let 's stay in the eea , give the brexiteers what they so desperately wanted ( leaving the eu ) , change nothing , and continue on as normal . 
  all we had to do was sacrifice some of our political influence to keep the masses happy . 
  horrible craggy faced wannabe iron maiden . 
  i ca n't really say much about her as pm because she does n't seem to have done fuck all except repeat stupid meaningless mantras like `` brexit means brexit '' . 
  however , basing our assumptions on what she did before coming pm then she 's a horrible old bat , what with her hypocritical regressive drugs policy , snooper 's charter , and anti-human rights position . 
  i 'll look it up in the dictionary then ... 
  yep , pretty much . 
  let 's consider it a stupidity tax and move on . 
  i will try to avoid going full rant mode but the history of birmingham is somewhat tragic and has lead to the city being tarnished at every turn . 
  since ww2 every government has basically enacted laws that have disadvantaged birmingham and shat on it from on high . 
  what many people do n't realise is that in the early post war period birmingham was booming massively . 
  it had space to expand , it was industrious , british industry was strong , it had a huge wealth of highly skilled craftmen in the vicinity . 
  wages were very high . 
  in fact gdp per capita for the region was equal to that of london with made it roughly the joint richest urban area in the whole of the uk . 
  what 's more it was expanding incredibly fast , with thousands of houses being built every year as the conurbation melded together with places like sutton coldfield , solihull , wolverhampton . 
  the culture was very entrepreneurial , with the majority of people serving the needs of industry in ways that were far from sophisticated or pleasant . 
  `` where 's there muck there 's money '' was a phrase often heard in those parts . 
  the problem was a political one , as while the birmingham manufacturing industries boomed the northern industries that were more reliant on natural resources like coal were already showing signs of weakness . 
  ship building was also an industry that was n't strong . 
  consequently the labour government of the time enacted tax policies designed to push manufacturing northwards , to stop the uncontrolled growth of this thriving working class industrial giant and give the working class people of cities like leeds more opportunities in manufacturing as older industries declined . 
  since the north of england was still `` redder '' than the midlands , this was a very calculated political move on behalf of that government . 
  this did n't really work at all , and in fact many companies went to places like oxford and gaydon to simply skirt the new laws , figuring that if they could n't be in birmingham then being between brum and london was better than being up north . 
  then of course later the house of cards that was british industry collapsed , especially the automotive industry , what with the oil crisis and competition from germany and japan , which was birmingham 's golden ticket , which was then ruthlessly dismantled by thatcher in the 80s . 
  birmingham got double fucked . 
  first stifled to try to push its success to more deprived areas , and then having the rug pulled out from under it in . 
  the 80s also saw a rise in a fashionable yuppie culture , `` we 're all middle class now '' and so forth . 
  this sealed birmingham 's fate as a naff relic of a bygone era in the popular public consciousness , and birmingham has never really recovered . 
  whereas many industrial cities ( manchester for example ) have branded their unique city culture in a way as to make it cool and hip , birmingham has always failed to do this despite having plenty of great interesting culturally diverse areas and a thriving music scene . 
  you can really see how this negatively entered the public consciousness with harry enfield 's parody of the brummie couple , money obsessed but devoid of taste . 
  birmingham does n't have the suave cosmopolitan charms of london , but nor can be the noble everyman culture that the north lays claims to . 
  consequently it gets the worst of both , pretentious , avaricious , and unsophisticated , none of which is actually true . 
  of course there are a few people that match the parody in that show , this is true anywhere , and equally could be said of places like essex and the wirral . 
  birmingham is absolutely not lacking in culture , it has a rich history of innovation and being the leading modern city of britain . 
  sadly , it 's a city has had its pride stripped from it , and while its denizens remain proud it a quite kind of keep it to yourself pride , rather than the loud shout it from the rooftops pride that you might find in a similar city like manchester . 
  this does n't really sell the city outside its borders , and consequently it has had a bad reputation the past 30 years or so . 
  they 've always been jealous of the 2nd city status . 
  birmingham is n't really short of museums and theatres though . 
  hippodrome is a major uk theatres , one of the biggest symphony halls in the uk , endless live music venues . 
  i get the feeling she did n't open her eye much during her visit . 
  sparkhill , small health , sparkbrook irish population etc basically all moved to hall green , accocks green , yardley wood , and out east to places like sheldon , chemsley wood , and yardley . 
  white flight is still happening , and places like shirley , elmsdon , and marston green are taking the brunt of new arrivals from more inner city locations , places like damson wood are full of new builds aimed at fulfilling this market . 
  there are only a few areas where i 'd really feel unsafe though . 
  those being alum rock , handsworth , aston , and lozells , and even then only really after dark . 
  frankly i think it 's more the feel of an area that makes people move rather than it having much to do with crime or poverty . 
  honestly the town hall is such a fantastic building , rivalling plenty of london 's finest buildings . 
  the contrast of traditional british and roman styles makes it quite unique . 
  except it 's really not and has n't been since at the mid 90s at the latest . 
  yeah , i 'm sure it would n't just be smooth sailing , but at the same time i 'm sure a compromise could be reached to either allow britain into the eea or forging an eea relationship with the eu that is unique to britain that would please all parties . 
  provided the uk retains the four eu freedoms , makes contributions , and follows pertinent legislation , then i think brussels will be willing to compromise . 
  it 's win-win , business would be mostly unaffected and many in brussels would welcome an eu without the uk being so involved politically . 
  britain may even be able to negotiate a few concessions as compensation for losing its political voice , for example agricultural and fishing deregulation and maybe even the ability to enter trade deals provided they do not conflict with eu interests ( say hello to inevitable uk only ttip ) . 
  the problem of course is the four freedoms , which the brexiteers hate . 
  so you 're looking at aston and calling it birmingham ? 
  the `` ring of filth '' around birmingham is a total misnomer these days . 
  yes there are bad areas on the outskirts of the centre , but this true of most provincial british cities , furthermore plenty of the south and east side is thriving and developed now . 
  if anything it 's a semi-circle of filth these days at best . 
  even places like sparkhill and sparkbrook are economically on the up , with flash ethnic restaurant popping up in the place of more traditional smaller less glamorous places , and money flowing into the indian and pakistani communities from various sources . 
  mercedes and bmws line the cramped streets that were once council housing and they 've become too ubiquitous to be simply labelled as belong to drug dealers and written off any more . 
  go to harbourne , edgebastion , mosley , hall green , king 's health and you 'll find upwardly mobile urban areas attracting young professionals , hipsters , and general educated liberal types . 
  you wo n't find rubbish laden streets , you 'll find expensive art deco housing , and edwardian mock-tudor semis . 
  go further out to the outskirts south of the city and you 'll find vast commercial and residential expansion . 
  new builds cropping up everywhere , 3 supermarkets being built next to each other , and retail parks galore . 
  the urbanisation along the stratford road practically spills past the m42 these days . 
  while this may not be sightly or chic it 's certainly not the dead , decaying , grey shithole you 're making it out to be . 
  the north of the city is decaying because nobody wants to be there . 
  sounds to me like your experience of the city is pretty limited and focused on the north . 
  the northern side of brum is dreadful but the majority of the rest of the city has been on the up for a while . 
  virtually the whole south side from the hagley road to the coventry road has seen growth and improvement for decades , and the suburban areas have shown consistent property appreciation albeit nothing like on the level of the capital . 
  either you 've spent too much time in the northern part outside the centre or your information is out of state . 
  plenty of women i know do that . 
  a simple cut does n't cost that much but when they start getting into treatment , extensions , colouring , highlights etc. 
  the costs go up astronomically . 
  most dealers in the uk think eighth means 2 grams these days . 
  if you have n't noticed this then you 're probably a lucky fella . 
  seriously though . 
  it did this years ago in about 2004 . 
  i was a teenager and knew most of the dealers in my area at the time . 
  problem was that the drop in supply was coming from on high , people were naturally trying to climb up the supply chain to find a source . 
  ultimately it was uncovered within the dealer community that it was the big time gangsters who typically bought from importers and sold hundreds of kilos a month that could n't get hold of the quantities they needed any more . 
  there was a big national drought during the summer and prices went through the roof , a kilo of high quality homegrown weed was going for about # 4000 and that was unheard of for the time ( although pretty normal now ) . 
  in desperation people were even turning to hash of questionable quality . 
  there was even a spate of robberies in the local community . 
  the few people that did have weed were now targets for the more aggressive high key dealers in the city , and the ordinary dealers were desperate enough to turn to unorthodox sources , many of whom were simply local scallies pretending to have weed to sell so they could rob the cash . 
  another contributing factor was the `` brick dust '' scandal around the same time , when a huge amount of the weed in the uk was found to be contaminated with brick dust , to add weight , it turned a lot of people onto home production , expanding the hydroponics markets and creating new producers . 
  gone were the days of tightly compressed blocks of generic `` skunk '' that came in industrial strength vacuum sealed bags that stank of petrol ( commonly used to hide the smell from sniffer dogs when it 's smuggled in containers ) , now was the era of dealers being handed a tesco bag full of industrially grown , damp , uncured stinking hydro that often looked like it it had only just been cut from the plant yesterday . 
  probably with a silly name like mega-silver golden oc orange amnesia widow haze . 
  as supply returned it was obviously home grown bud ( wetter , more exotic strains , more diversity of strains ) . 
  i 'd guess that something changed with the supply of weed in the uk around the mid-2000s , this led to the organised crime times getting deeper into the weed production , rather simply the weed selling , game . 
  oh well , perhaps we can re enter in 10-20 years time as it become more apparent that the eu is the future of the western economies . 
  how am i fighting the referendum ? 
  i 'm suggesting we leave the eu and join the eea instead . 
  the referendum was about leaving the eu , and that 's what i suggest we do . 
  none of the promises that the irresponsible leave campaigners made are remotely guaranteed , no more than the lib dems promise to stop increases to tuition fees was . 
  many of them are completely impossible .
