  you 'll walk down the street in town and find that where before stood a polish shop they 'll be new british owned butchers doing a roaring trade , and best of all it 'll all be british meat provided by britain 's booming agricultural sector and there wo n't be a single halal cut in there . 
  further down the road you 'll see poundland , which has changed its name to 20p land , as all the fantastic new trade deals britain was able to sign with booming economies like new zealand will have made everything so affordable . 
  walking through town all you 'll see are smiling british faces and hear people speaking proper local english . 
  that multiracial gang of hoodies that hung around the park will have been replaced by a bunch of public schoolboys playing cricket and shouting things like `` jolly good show !, 
  '' , the girls drinking cider by the bus stop will now be tucking into ham sandwiches and scotch eggs with lashing of ginger beer . 
  what was previously salim 's kebab palace will now be a proper english chippy , everything comes with extra gravy and a piece of haddock will cost less than a quid as the removal of fishing quotas will have made all forms of fish bountiful and completely sustainable . 
  what used to be a chicken shop is now a proper english pub , with real ale that is n't interfered with by the eu , you 'll also be able to smoke indoors like a real man . 
  outside streets will be clean and pothole free , all the lawns freshly cut , all the cars new and shiny ( in part thanks to the amazing trade deals germany had to give us when they realised they needed us to buy their cars ) . 
  people will leave their front doors unlocked and children will play safely in the street again , without fear of traffic or strangers . 
  on the rare occasion you do see a foreigner , if it 's not a tourist partaking of our thriving competitive tourism sector come to wonder at our green and pleasant land , it 'll only be some humble national stereotype , eternally grateful for the opportunity to dwell in our utopian nation . 
  you might run into deepak , the only indian in town , turbaned and dressed in the traditional garb of his people , loyal servant of the british empire who is entrusted to work as a hotel doorman . 
  perhaps you 'll meet gorge , a swarthy spaniard prone to afternoon naps with a comical demeanour who is permitted to work as a waiter , or antoine his maitre d , a suave sophisticated frenchman with a thin moustache and a slight odour of garlic , perhaps you 'll even meet svetlana , an absurdly beautiful sultry swedish exchange student who finds it impossible to resist the charms of a true moderately overweight middle aged brit . 
  as you can see there 's no reason to think that post-brexit britain wo n't be a shining beacon of progressive cultural diversity for the world , it 'll simply be that all the immigrants will be `` good immigrants '' , the kind that speak perfect english , act just like britons and earn over # 36,000 a year , paying half of that to the government for the privilege of using the nhs . 
  the nhs now of course being a luxury service with private rooms for every patient each fitted with a state of the art 4k resolution 3d television and a new gaming console . 
  from then on things will only get better . 
  the eu will collapse and be so poor they 'll accept anything we offer , world investment will flood to britain , countries will sign agreements allowing britons freedom of movement all over europe so you can still retire in spain , but wo n't expect us to return the favour . 
  good old british industries like car manufacturing and coal mining will become world leaders . 
  jobs will pay so well that the whole country will be living like kings , the pound will be worth so much we 'll be able to go on holiday and it 'll be cheap like it was in the old days . 
  britain will go from strength to strength . 
  canada , australia , india , they 'll all decide to get the old team back together and willingly take dominion status , thus making britain the greatest super power in the world . 
  it will be a british renaissance , the bbc will make comedy even funnier than the time del boy fell through the bar , and drama even more intense than the great british bake off . 
  brexit is going to be a dream , do n't you worry about it . 
  i would n't want our european brethren to misinterpret our reasons for leaving . 
  you 're an idiot . 
  please tell me more about your conviction that britain should leave the eu while failing to construct proper sentences . 
  fyi polls are carried out by third parties not by `` leave '' or `` remain '' . 
  polls show that brexit regret is common and spreading . 
  at this point everyone with more than 3 brain cells is starting to see that brexit will be a painful arduous process , just as practically every single expert was saying before the referendum . 
  if people are still for brexit then they 're either in complete denial or so ideologically opposed to the eu that they do n't care . 
  this is a joke right ? 
  yes and no . 
  people did n't need to speak like that anymore in say the 80s , but you can still notice a stark difference in way people spoke . 
  also recording from the old days that were just of ordinary people rather than in the industry are still starkly different . 
  no accent is stable . 
  that 's just not how it works linguistically . 
  american accents are shifting constantly , even in a decade there will a quantifiable change . 
  people in the old days did speak very differently , even if the tv accents are n't reflective of how normal people spoke . 
  the transatlantic accent was a broadcast accent . 
  it was n't really considered the `` purest '' , it was chosen because at the time the seat of socioeconomic power in the us was based on the east coast , and most of the people there including elite spoke non-rhotic english similar to many british accents . 
  phonetically transatlantic english is a mixture of old school american elite accents like boston brahmin and locust valley lockjaw with some extra british influence thrown in . 
  one of its main benefits was as a way for hollywood to improve sales in the uk and rest of the anglosphere , as during the time non-american audience would have been more adverse to and unfamiliar with american accents that diverged more greatly from the british standard . 
  except 1 is highly unlikely , but even if it 's true and old fashioned broadcast american spoken voices influenced the modern us way of speaking , it was still vastly different from today , and 2 is just nonsense , since we have recording that were made purely for phonetic purposes to preserve dialects and slang for academic and historical reasons . 
  if you think you just `` refuted '' me then you have very low standards of refutation . 
  people upvoted me because i happen to be right . 
  you do n't seem to realise that the early 20th century was n't that long ago , there were people who studied accents and phonetics back then too , and they were kind enough not just to make recordings but leave notes on the phonetics of the era . 
  everyone has an accent . 
  meh not really . 
  you still have plenty of us boarding schools , transatlantic english fell out of vogue around ww2 . 
  maybe the americans became disillusioned with britain after visiting it during service , maybe the us felt it had a new place in the world after ww2 . 
  anyway , the prestige accent of the us shifted rapidly after that , eventually settling on conservative general american by the 60s . 
  in the uk the prestige accent stayed the same , and simply changed naturally to become modern day rp english . 
  that 's just a common factoid that is a complete load of nonsense . 
  actually , i did n't `` put my foot in it '' as you say , i 'm well aware tourism will increase with a weak pound . 
  the joke is about all the brexiteers mouthing off like this is a good thing , when tourism is such a paltry part of the british economy that even a thriving tourism industry wo n't make much of a difference . 
  that 's what britain was like before all the bloody foreigns though right ? 
  the high power types wo n't really lose their jobs . 
  they 'll either relocate , retire , or take a fat redundancy package and move onto something new . 
  it 'll be far more ordinary `` bankers '' who truly lose their jobs . 
  ordinary people who have worked for a modestly higher than average salary and ordinary employees who are earning peanuts like the rest of us . 
  point is that the really detestable types , the ones who are responsible for financial mismanagement and enabling corporate greed , wo n't be the ones harmed . 
  it 's the rank and file of the finance industry who will be hurt . 
  that 's not how i see it . 
  yes , someone will always do well out of anything , the funeral home business will profit from a sudden outbreak of spanish flu , but that 's hardly a reason to think spanish flu has a good side . 
  a few extra billion a year from tourism is n't going to compensate for the hundreds of billions britain is going to lose across the whole economy . 
  tourism is very much a consolation prize , and over dependence on it is often a sign of economic weakness . 
  fact is that brexiteer often repeat these thing , saying that it will be good for farmers , fishermen , tourism etc. 
  without any awareness of how small these industries are compared to the rest of the british economy , most of which will be hurt by brexit . 
  as i see it all that matter is which situation , inside or outside the eu , will benefit the country overall , and arguing that brexit will is practically impossible . 
   and one questions whether it ultimately will or not . 
  unbelievable level of denial right there . 
  look at what 's happening . 
  look at the bank of englands new projections . 
  learn to read figures , just from the new inflation figures alone you 're going to be considerably worse off in a few years that was otherwise predicted . 
   as for the migrants , for all intensive reasons we have no evidence to suggest those who have retired in the eu or in the uk and those who can financially support themselves will be forced to leave their country of residence . 
  do you know how harsh the criteria for immigrants outside the eu are in the uk for most visas ? 
  yeah , there will be plenty of people forced to move if hard brexit goes ahead . 
   britain is still an open and forward thinking nation - always has been . 
  no it 's not and no it has n't . 
  uk is an incredibly backwards looking place . 
  to the point the whole world laughs at our inability to move own from reminiscing about our glory days . 
   also , universities will probably be keeping, 
  absolutely no basis for that statement . 
  whether erasmus can continue to include uk students will depend entirely on the legal environment after brexit . 
   also , howany people do you know have actually moved to an eu country ? 
  literally hundreds . 
  you obviously never meet them because the only time you spend abroad is for 2 weeks in a naff spanish or greek seaside town , if this were n't the case then you would know know more people who had moved to an eu country . 
   what i 'm saying is that it is mainly retirees or people that move and have actual employment - which means they would he able to get visas anyway . 
  actually no . 
  some people are employed in jobs that do n't pay enough , some people are living with partners , some people are freelance workers , some people are business owners who ca n't post high profit . 
  i 'm sorry , but your myth that the only britons taking advantage of freedom of movement are rich professionals who 've been moved out there for work and self sufficient pensioners who are financially set until they die is just complete brexiteer bollocks . 
  a way for idiots to justify the harm they 've caused to other britons . 
   and yes , people should only be able to move to the uk if it suits our i teresa and if they have something valuable to offer this country , it 's the same with any other nation . 
  no , that 's what a nationalist brexiteer who thinks the uk is a vastly more developed nation than most the other eu member states would think . 
  the uk is n't the land of milk and honey , in fact it 's pretty mediocre as developed nations come . 
  what 's more is that we gained vastly more by having access to 27 other developed nations than we lost letting a few `` bad immigrants '' through . 
  people who are offering britain unrestricted access to their nation should be offered unrestricted access to britain , that is a fair and equitable deal . 
  to think that people should be vetted for the economic value and moral calibre just to live on our precious mediocre chunk rock in the north sea , despite the fact they are offering us freedom to live in their country , is just more delusional british exceptionalism . 
  no offence , but to me it just seems like you 're falling for the unrealistic brexiteer rhetoric , and in a sense legitimising the opposite position , maybe because that helps you feel less worried about the whole thing . 
  lots of the stuff you 're repeating here are just fallacies . 
   will a weaker pound simultaneously make our exports more attractive boosting what 's left of uk manufacturing and the very very large international facing service sector we have ?
