  the eu is democratic as far as i am concerned . 
  what 's not democratic is our archaic fptp parliament . 
  well , you say that , but what % of british law is passed through the legislature or purely by the cabinet via executive order ? 
  we allow laws to be passed by decisions made by people other than our parliament all the time . 
  i think the eu system is purely one of expedience , as if it needed a majority from every mep it would be very hard to get anything passed . 
  i think if the eu were a federal state it would be a lot more concerning , but as it stands i do n't have a problem with it . 
  i 'm all for reforming the eu , but the answer is n't leaving . 
  that would be awful selfless of them , i suspect you have more faith in the tories than i do . 
  that 's naive . 
  they may understand why , but they are very much out so improve their own situation , if they can exploit a non-eu uk to their own advantage then they will . 
  they 're not going to give us an easier deal simply because they can relate . 
  bangladesh be poor yo, 
  people in america do n't believe in other english speaking countries , they simply do n't exist , everyone writes and speaks american , people who who do n't are just doing it to be pretentious . 
  we 're laughing at the fact that you do n't like the issues around the shooting focussing on the fact they were gay , but do n't have an issue with focussing on the fact they 're american . 
  it 's almost as if you 're pissed off that the gay issue is distracting from the fact they 're american , because their being american is clearly the most important fact in this case right ? 
  there 's still a big difference between someone who picks up for their mates occasionally to save them all some money by pooling their funds , and the low tier dealer who is consistently selling to their social circle for profit . 
  cannabis is about as addictive as masturbation . 
  i know plenty of decent parents who are occasional drug users . 
  the kind that will take a pill , smoke a joint , or snort a few lines at a party on the weekend when they 're not caring for their children . 
  nothing about that made them bad parents . 
  hell , i know magistrates that regularly smoke weed . 
  this woman was n't really dealing , she got fucked on a technicality . 
  this is reflective of the stupidity of our `` tough on drugs '' minimum sentences for drug crimes more than it is the injustice of the courts . 
  i 'm sure the judge understands that bulk buying cocaine as a group is n't the same as being a legitimate dealer , and if the judge had had the option he would 've given a my softer punishment , yet due to the forced black and white nature of dealer the law provides us , and due to minimum sentencing rules , his hands were tied . 
  i look forward to a sovereign uk telling the frogs what can and ca n't be legally imported into france , as well as deciding how much the eu is allowed to charge uk exporters for the pleasure . 
  i 'm remain , but to be clear , you should say frankfurt will become the fiscal capital of the eu . 
  i imagine if the leave campaign succeeds boris and co will get have no choice but to turn london into the kind of financial lottery they 've always dreamed of in attempt to keep the city as relevant as it was before . 
  ah yes , the 5th biggest economy in the world with a gdp of 2.68 trillion is going to boss around the world 's largest economy with its 16 trillion or so after the uk leaves . 
  i 'm sick of hearing brexiteers quoting that 5th biggest figure , the fact we 're 5th means nothing , we 're an economy of 2.68 trillion , a paltry economy compare to the us , china and the eu . 
  the next biggest economy is germany at 3.73 trillion , and even they feel securer and better off in the eu . 
  that 's incredibly imbalanced too . 
  you are vastly overestimating how much the eu immigrants are putting pressure on those things . 
  meanwhile you assume that a the uk economy recovering after leave is part of worst case scenario . 
  do n't be disingenuous . 
  if we 're playing worst case scenario then at least do it honestly . 
  worst case remain : more and more migrants keep coming to the uk , million a year , uk economy ca n't keep up , uk is poverty stricken , has to abandon nhs and other services due to cost . 
  eu does n't do anything , slaps regulation on everything keeping our industry down . 
  poverty , chaos , and crime . 
  worst case leave : pound collapses , uk economy collapses , have to get bailed out by germany , does n't work , have to get bailed out by america , does n't work . 
  poverty , chaos , and crime . 
  i think very problem here is in fact that they were unable to make that distinction . 
  the law is very clear on what is dealing and what is n't , and even though common sense says this is n't dealing , the law says it is , their hands are tied . 
  those are businesses though . 
  i simply mean that from the point of financial services , the ones that have to be within the eu will move to frankfurt , everything else will either stay in london or go to the us or asia . 
  i much suspect that if the leave got their way the new pm would have no choice but to allow deregulation in the city to compensate , which will mean even bigger bonuses for bankers and an even greater chance of what happened in 2008 all over again . 
  the uk would become more dependent on the city , not less , which is very bad news for the working class . 
  london is a vastly bigger financial centre than frankfurt , even outside the eu with the city shrinking it would remain larger than frankfurt . 
  you 're the one living in lala land my friend , you are utterly foolish in your belief that the uk has more bargaining power than the eu . 
  your argument is economically illiterate . 
  even if germany stopped selling cars to the uk it would only mean losing about 10 % of their car exports ( a huge figure and it would n't happen but still totally survivable from germany 's perspective ) . 
  meanwhile the uk relies on the eu for roughly 50 % of its exports and imports . 
  the uk needs the eu trade far more than the eu needs the uk trade . 
  does the eu need uk trade ? 
  yes . 
  does it need it so desperately that it ca n't afford to slap tariffs on it and punish the uk ? 
  it 's a simple fact , we need the eu trade about x10 as much as they need our trade . 
  if we have to negotiate a trade deal with the eu then it 's we who are the beggar coming to the door in desperate need of a resolution to fix our economy and the eu who is only moderately inconvenienced by the loss of our business . 
  i 'm sick of you little englanders convincing yourself the uk is this hugely wealthy nation that the eu will simply roll over to get the business of . 
  the eu trade is vastly more important to us than uk trade is to the eu . 
  our economy is 2.68 trillion $ , the eu is currently more like 18 trillion $ , get some perspective . 
  no guaranteed paid holidays , no guaranteed maternity leave , i fear we 're turning into america with the working classes starting to vote against their interests . 
  why could we do better ? 
  it 's taken years for canada to broker that deal , if we leave the pressure will be on to get something fixed asap . 
  the bank of england has said that the uk will go into recession if we leave , that 's just a simple fact , the eu will be affected whether they like it a not . 
  what i 'm sick of though is people thinking that the eu will * have to * give the uk a good deal . 
  no , it wo n't make much difference to the eu if they give the uk an unfavourable deal , and in fact political logic says that the eu should give the uk an unfavourable deal if it wants to protect itself , because if the uk got off easy it would encourage other countries to consider leaving as well . 
  think of it this way , if the eu gives the uk a deal that reduces import and export between the eu and uk by 10 % that 's 5 % of our import/export market gone in a flash , however , for the eu it would mean a less than 1 % reduction of the overall import/export market . 
  we do not have the power in this negotiation , every euro the eu is willing to sacrifice to punish the uk means a loss of # 10 to the uk economy , simple as that . 
  the uk would make up what ? 
  5 % - 10 % of the eu export market ? 
  but the eu currently makes up 40 % -50 % of our export market . 
  us not buying eu products will hurt the eu far less than the eu not buying our products will hurt us . 
  simple as that . 
   it will give a huge boost to the eurosckeptics within europe and puts the whole institution in uncharted territories . 
  which is exactly why germany will step in and bail out those countries , and then do its best to give the uk the most unfavourable deal possible . 
  it 's the only possible move in terms of realpolitik to keep the eu together . 
  do not make the mistake of overestimating the uk 's power . 
  obviously the uk is worth something to the eu , they 'll strike a deal eventually , but its in the eu 's interest to make it as unfavourable as the reasonably afford to from an economic standpoint . 
  ah yes , all the economic facts at all the economists are saying including the bank of england a `` meme '' and it 'll all go away right ? 
  you 've got to be clear on priorities . 
  first and foremost the greeks want to keep their economy ticking over , the last they want is financial chaos in the short term . 
  the germans want to keep the eu together , because they 're heavily invested in it as exporters . 
  the germans would most likely give the greeks an attractive bailout deal because they want to increase the likelihood of their staying in the eu . 
  whether the greeks leave long term is a separate question . 
  i 'm sorry , i ca n't respond to emotive language calling germany `` bullies '' for implementing sound fiscal policy . 
  calling something a `` joke '' because you do n't like it is n't an argument . 
  your argument is based on an emotional narrative rather than any kind of fact . 
  i do wonder how more of this brexit nonsense is motivated by britain 's fear of the german economy . 
  it serves germany 's interest to help resolve any financial fallout following a theoretical brexit . 
  it serves germany 's interest to keep the eu together as best they can . 
  i 'm sorry you 're too myopic to get over your fear of `` the krauts '' but saying that britain `` rolls over to '' germany is just xenophobic sophism of the worst kind . 
  who said it would destroy the whole country ? 
  it will fuck the country over for sure , literally every sane economist and financial institute is saying so . 
  maybe in 10 years we 'll claw back to where we are today , who knows . 
  what 's ironic is that cameron gave this referendum never thinking there was a chance it would happen as a ploy to get people to vote in a tory majority , something that has massively backfired on him now he see how close the polls actually are . 
  yes , i live there , it 's economically prosperous where i am , far better for jobs than the uk . 
  yes but you 're not understanding the fundamental fact that what will be a minor inconvenience for the eu will be a major loss for the uk economy . 
  for every 10 pounds they deny us they 'll be losing 1 euro . 
  sure they wo n't lose 10 % of their market , but a 2 % loss for them will be a 20 % loss for us . 
  cameron never really believed the uk would be stupid enough to leave the eu and destroy its economy .
