  `` the car needs washed '' makes perfect sense to those people who have that particularly dialectical feature . 
  the only sentences that would be ungrammatical under your criteria would be ones like :, 
   the to salad freshed not rinse is . 
  which do n't follow the rules of any dialect of english and therefore are ungrammatical in the stricter sense of failing to follow any existent english rules . 
  frankly , what i really want to point is that this definition of ungrammatical is pretty useless in this subreddit , and i do n't understand why you 're applying it here . 
  the posts here want to know what the prescriptive rules say , that 's why they come to / r/grammar and not / r/linguistics . 
  when someone comes to me and asks is `` he will give it to you and i '' is wrong i will say something like `` many native speakers use it but strictly speaking it 's bad grammar '' , and forgive me , but `` strictly speaking '' seems to be what most people are interested in in the context of this subreddit . 
  fair enough . 
  this seems like a case of crossed wires . 
   many/most of the people who post questions here do not understand any of these distinctions between grammar and style . 
  look at this post on the front page . 
  it seems pretty clear that the op thinks that there is only one correct answer and things like dialects and grammar and linguistics do n't even figure into their reasoning . 
  that 's fine , we all have to learn this stuff somewhere , and that somewhere can be here . 
  thing is that 's exactly why i take the approach i do on this sub , as i assume the people who come here do n't know anything about linguistics , do n't want to know anything about linguistics , and really just want to know what the prescriptive rules of english say because they need to do formal writing at work or university . 
  in fact one of the reasons i come here is to remind myself of what the prescriptive style and grammar guides actually say because obviously they 're followed so infrequently these days outside of specific contexts that they can seem arcane to even native speakers . 
  i 'm sure you 're aware that common parlance `` ungrammatical '' is n't really anything to do with linguistic grammar , which as far as i understand are essentially just the rules that govern the transference of semantic content in any particular instance of language , but rather simply means anything that deviates from what they see as the prescriptive standard . 
  what constitutes `` style '' is not entirely clear . 
  i 'd generally consider style to consist of those matters where is is inconsistencies between what is considered `` officially correct '' in different english speaking countries , those matters where are inconsistencies between authorities and other formal criteria e.g oed 's recommendation of - ize over - ise in bre yet many british publishers use - ise , those issues on which there is disagreement between various style guides , those issues that involves that are now virtually obsolete e.g do n't dangle you participle . 
  i 'd also include things like preferred word choice and punctuation in that as well . 
  mostly it seems to be issues in which what is `` right '' depend on who you speak to . 
  that said , even from a prescriptive perspective what grammar actually is is n't that cut and dry . 
  personally in a non-linguistic context i tend to use the word `` grammatical '' to mean writing that fits the accepted formal rule set of the relevant prestige dialect , in my case standard british english . 
   that seems like a really poor answer . 
  it 's not just that many native speakers will use that construction , but it is entirely grammatical because of that . 
  part of my job is helping students with academic writing in english . 
  i ca n't really get into a discussion about linguistics , they just need to know what is acceptable in an essay . 
  so my answer is essentially , yes loads of people speak that way and it 's fine but you should n't use it in an essay . 
  i have to speak in a way the students will understand , and talk about things being grammatical or ungrammatical in a way that it will be understood . 
  i do often remind them that `` real english '' does n't really follow these rules and that i 'm just teaching them what if widely accepted as `` proper '' . 
   if you 've been around / r/linguistics long enough then i 'm sure you 've seen how people use non-prestige dialects as a way to ` prove ' that native speakers of those dialects are lazy , ignorant , uneducated , and are destroying the purity of english . 
  let 's not play into that disturbingly common mindset . 
  instead let 's take this small opportunity we 're given to maybe disabuse people of those horrible notions . 
  yes , it 's a massive factor in social prejudice , particularly class and ethnic division , however from a practical point of view , people still need to know these prescriptive rules and therefore people often just want to know what is correct from that perspective without a debate about linguistics . 
  i do always add a disclaimer to my posts that the criteria for correct i 'm using for my explanation is entirely prescriptive . 
  so really the question of whether it 's correct depends entirely upon what criteria for `` correct '' you are using . 
  everything i 've said in this thread is about what is strictly correct from a grammar and style point of view . 
  i 'm completely ignoring how many speakers actually use the language and only telling you what a grammar obsessed schoolmarm would define as correct . 
  to put it as simply as possible , from a prescriptive point of view , if you , the speaker , feel that an event was recent and has a imminent relationship to the present then it 's always correct to `` i have completed '' and never correct to say `` i completed '' . 
  as i said before , if we 're being really hyper prescriptive then using the past simple when the present perfect is suitable is always wrong . 
  a sentence like :, 
   he just left, 
  is bad , despite the fact that it would feature in the dialects of hundreds of millions of english speakers around the globe . 
   how is the first one correct when there 's no time frame mentioned there ? 
  the first one is only `` officially correct '' in situations in which the present perfect is n't possible . 
   did you complete school ? 
  yes , i completed it, 
  this sentence does n't meet any of the criteria needed for the present perfect . 
  from the speakers point of view is not recent or new pertinent information , it is not still happening , the consequences of the past event are not still directly affecting the present in any clear sense , so it can not be in the present perfect . 
  however it 's also correct to say :, 
   have you finished school ? 
  yes , i 've finished it, 
  the choice of words tells us something different . 
  it tells us that the speaker feels that the relationship of the past event to the present still has a bearing on the present . 
  perhaps he 's talking to someone who is 18 years old for an example , and would have only recently finished . 
  from a hyper-prescriptive point of view it 's always correct to use either the past simple or the present perfect . 
  a more modern rule that i 've heard applied to american english is that it 's acceptable to use the past simple in situations in which its meaning ( well technically its aspect ) is already clear due to the presence of another word . 
   i did n't do it yet, 
   i did it already, 
   i just did it, 
  however , it 's also true that in the us highly formal documents avoid constructions like this and tend to use the perfect whenever it is possible . 
  back in the real world people use language much more freely and almost never have problems with communication because communication is very different from language , in the real world context and interpretation are everything , whereas in the grammar world there are iron rules governing the construction of language . 
  people say :, 
   did you ever see the film ? 
  all the time in real life , despite the fact that seeing the film is still a possibility at the time , and nobody cares . 
  just want to point that out . 
  fair enough . 
  i also speak a fair amount of german so i 'm aware of the tense situation there . 
  it 's also why i 'm more aware of the tense shift in english . 
  calling it `` indirect reported speech '' is simply convenient when many people know it by one of those names . 
  also many people get confused by the term `` reported '' because in a sense direct speech is still `` reported '' , so adding indirect gives them something to keep the ideas distinct . 
  anyway , i was more hoping someone had a historical explanation of english 's tense reduction that would hopefully clarify what the relationship , if anything , the was between the various old english subjunctive forms and the way english handles indirect reported speech . 
  i know a lot of foreigners struggle with the logic of sentence like . 
  `` he said he was a doctor '' and it would be more naturally for this to mean something a long the lines of `` he said he had been a doctor '' . 
  i was just curious as to whether was some explanation and how it ended up that way . 
  i would interpret this one of two ways . 
  the sentence is clearly intended to be in the imperative . 
  either there 's a product called a `` flawless '' . 
  so it 's simply `` love your [ proper noun ] '' . 
  alternatively the picture next to the text is meant to be interpreted as a noun . 
  for example , `` face '' , and `` flawless '' is functioning as an adjective . 
  so it 's like `` love your flawless :d '', 
  looking at the link . 
  it 's clear the marketeers have decided to make `` flawless '' a noun . 
  some quite terrifying videos of drag queens talking about their `` flawless '' . 
  fyi the english translation of `` jule '' is yule . 
  juletid is yuletide . 
  while the term yuletide is etymologically derived from north germanic pagan traditions , it 's perfectly acceptable to refer to christmas as yuletide and yule in english . 
  there are plenty of christian carols in english that refer to christmas as yule/yuletide , it 's a fine translation . 
  yule is an archaic english word for christmas . 
  juletid is yuletide in english . 
  i think the problem is your english not his translation mate . 
  well it depends on the l1 of the learner a great deal . 
  for example , someone who speaks a language with a very complete past and present subjunctive might misinterpret it for direct speech . 
  you say `` he said he was a doctor '' and they hear `` he said , `` he was a doctor '' . 
  a language that uses a present tense form of the subjunctive might be inclined to interpret `` he was a doctor '' with a past subjunctive meaning . 
  so a german might mistake `` he said he was a doctor '' for `` er sagte , dass er ein arzt w\u00e4re '' instead of correct translating it as `` er sagte , dass er ein arzt sei '' . 
  alternatively they might translate it as `` er sagte , dass er fr\u00fcher ein arzt gewesen sei '' ( or more colloquially `` er sagte , dass er fr\u00fcher ein arzt war '' ) , which would be translated with either `` used to '' or the past perfect in english . 
  `` he said he used to be a doctor '' or `` he said he had been a doctor '', 
  german is very similar . 
  in fact my interest in latin has stemmed from my learning of german .
