  as i said elsewhere , if i 'd wanted a smooth interactive passive experience there 's a million great aaa rpgs i could have been playing . 
   but for all the casual players to be forced through a long , long grind just to be able to see the actual content of the game ... yeah ... 
  figured that there was more players then than there is now why do n't be stop talking about `` casual players '' and start talking about the average wow player . 
  the kind that would gladly put one or two evenings aside week to play their favourite game , the kind who will plan a raid for an evening he has free , or spend an hour or so a day on week nights in battlegrounds . 
  most of the guilds on nostalrius were clearing bwl with 2 raid nights a week on wednesday on sundays or whatever . 
  i 'm sorry but blizzard spent all their time trying attract this mysterious casual player , the kind who plays games like cod , they jump on their computer with 45 minutes to spare and expect instant gratification . 
  that 's simply not what wow was or ever should be . 
  with the current state of levelling having a 60 is a bit like saying you 've got a lvl 30 in vanilla . 
  nothing to do with american lawyers . 
  blizzard is incorporated as a subsidiary in france . 
  blizzard used french lawyers to close nostalrius . 
  if they 'd refused to close it would 've been handled under french law . 
  blizzard , and its subsidiaries , owns its intellectual property in every country where it operates . 
  theoretically , no where is safe , however , it 's the legal systems and ip laws in certain countries that would make it difficult for blizzard to close a private server . 
  for example , litigating in russia is an absolute nightmare and tends to favour russian nationals over the subsidiaries of american companies based in russia . 
  in some other countries there 's less legal precedent regarding cases like this , blizzard might not be able to enforce a cease and desist notice in finland , for example , without fighting this case to the highest court in the country , which would be incredibly expensive . 
  yeah , a remastered version would be in danger of being ruined by the same logic that ruined he original . 
  the only things i 'd really like to see introduced would be dual specs , summoning stones , and perhaps cheaper consumables to make naxx more accessible without making it easier ( so guilds do n't have to give up raid nights to farm instead of raid ) . 
   that 's . . you specifically used the word `` clearing '' . 
  is it really that fun to play the same encounters over and over again ? 
  never having any actual challenge ? 
  nostalrius worked just like regular wow . 
  every 3-6 months a new tier of content would be released . 
  aq40 was meant to be coming out this month , there was going to be same opening event as they had on live servers . 
   and just turn off everything that makes it go fast in the options . 
  it 's still possible , as far as i know . 
  problem solved . 
  no , this exactly the kind of attitude that fucked the game . 
  saying `` well if you want a more hardcore experience then deliberately gimp yourself '' is not good enough , even if there are rewards for it . 
  what made the game fun relied on the fact that it was either hard or nothing , everyone was in the same boat . 
   but of course , talents are still not actual customization , because there are more or less `` best '' builds for each individual encounter . 
  you just contradicted yourself . 
  finding the best spec for each encounter is exactly what customisation is . 
  fight where you have very little uptime or periods of weakness , burst spec , fight where you just have to stay alive ? 
  survival spec . 
  tank and spank ? 
  max dps spec and so on . 
  no you 've misunderstood me . 
  what i mean is that in modern wow it takes about the same time to get to 60-70 as it did to get to level 30 in vanilla . 
  so the value of your characters , in terms of how much time they take to acquire these days , has devalued to that of the value of a level 30 in vanilla . 
  it was n't that impossible . 
  the average person on nostalrius was grinding to 60 in about 9-10 days play time . 
  what made it so hard back then was very few people understood the game and the resources were scarcer . 
  i remember wasting hours in zones that were too high or too low the first time around . 
  it 's over 10 years since i first played wow . 
  i went back to nostalrius . 
  vanilla is an imperfect game but i still found it an objectively better game than retail wow . 
  no i do n't have the time to play i did when i was 19 , but i still had a great fun just run instances and doing battlegrounds , way more than i would have on live . 
  who the fuck are you to say what is good ? 
  you play your game i 'll play mine . 
  i had a lot of fun on nostalrius , so did many players who had n't even played in the old days so saying it 's just nostalgia is bullshit . 
  what 's true for you is not true for everyone . 
  it 's not a race you realise . 
  i levelled my character over about 6 months , it was enjoyable to do for the most . 
  oh yeh , i just want pay to play a game that i once bought and did play . 
  fuck me i 'm entitled right . 
   also , the game 's most important context is much harder than vanilla . 
  that 's cute . 
   `` you just contradicted yourself '' . . what ? 
  finding the best spec for each encounter takes 1 or 2 tries . . at most . 
  barely any fun in that , in my opinion . 
  well imho it was fun . 
  as a raid guild we 'd all be experimenting to optimise on a new encounter at first . 
  it required you to know your options and think creatively . 
   so . . everyone has to play a slow as hell role playing game that is deliberately cumbersome just so that you can be happy about it ? 
  okay ... 
  me and the million of others who preferred that game . 
  you can keep playing wod , and we 'll do our thing , what 's the problem ? 
  practically none of us are coming back to wow in its current form so what 's your problem ? 
  i think someone who was in a country like russia and cared enough could easily ignore the threat of court , and it would be highly unlikely that blizzard would do anything about it . 
  you 're full of shit . 
  what you 're saying it equivalent to saying `` cricket is shit '' , slow game play , complicated scoring system , bowling is n't fast enough , baseball is better . 
  why ca n't you understand that people enjoy different things . 
  vanilla was n't perfect , but plenty of people prefer that experience , even people who never played it the first time around and have no nostalgia for it . 
  learn to respect other people 's tastes . 
  serious , you 're an asshole because you 're telling other people what they think and why they like something . 
  if you do n't like vanilla and ca n't see why people enjoy it more than wod then that 's fucking fine , but only a complete asshole goes around telling other people why they do or do n't enjoy something . 
  have your own opinion , but do n't go second guessing other people . 
  no you 're an asshole because you 're telling me and others why we like something . 
  i do n't go around telling you that you like wod because you 're a brain dead nerd who just wants to be passively lead around by a game as it constantly tells you ( and everyone else who plays it ) that they 're a special snowflake just for mashing keys in raid finder , although there are some people who believe that . 
  me too , but i do n't live in russia either . 
  lucky i was n't saying that then . 
  i was merely pointing out that some assholes would say that about wod players . 
  only assholes tell other people why they do or do n't like something . 
  a bit like you have by claiming people only like vanilla because of nostalgia . 
  to be fair , i liked much of the game mechanics . 
  i like using lower rank spells spells to heal or r1 spells to slow or put dots on someone for minimal mana cost . 
  i liked having the option to spec into something weird like imp wanding or whatever . 
  i liked having to actually travel to instances ( although i will admit summoning stones in bc were an improvement ) . 
  i agree the social element was probably most important , but i also like much of mechanics that took a bit of getting used to . 
  it 's not about calling something shit . 
  i personally do n't play snooker or have any interest in snooker , i do n't call snooker shit . 
  i say it 's not for me . 
  how about you do the same . 
  ultimately i 'm not an expert mate . 
  in wales the coe is called the the church in wales , not the church of wales , so there 's bound to be some ancient legal distinction . 
  i 'm afraid if you want to know all the statutory and common law which defines coe as the state church in england but no in other countries within the union you 're going to have to google some history . 
  i do n't know what the law is in america but i 'm pretty sure in germany that a dwelling must have its own bathroom in order to be defined as a studio . 
  to me , this just seems like shared flat , one that lacks a kitchen and is for some reason is being called a studio . 
  shared flats in germany allow you to put a lock on your room , there 's nothing wrong with that , no everyone trusts their flatmates not to fuck around in their rooms while they 're out .
