  he 's a posh northerner , they 're a rare breed . 
  here 's hoping the next guy he tries it on is some yakuza or chinese mafia guy who turns him into finely chopped sushi . 
  no problem . 
  i know you did n't mean anything bad by your comment , but the concept of speaking `` without an accent '' or `` losing your accent '' has been used to oppress minorities throughout history , whether that be irish , scots and welsh english dialects , the occitane speakers in france , italian immigrants in america , same bullshit . 
  it 's impossible to answer this question . 
  nobody actually knows what would happen if a brexit were to occur . 
  there are already a lot of british teachers in europe . 
  a brexit would most likely involve a renegotiation of britain 's relationship to the eu . 
  this could mean anything , but if there were a yes vote , it 's unlikely that all the brits already in those positions will be put on the first plane home . 
  it would also take time for the renegotiated situation to be implemented , it might be years until brits lose the right to reside in europe . 
  it could also mean some kind of work exchange programme , given that there 's lots of eu citizens already in the uk and plenty of brits within the eu countries who are n't having a referendum . 
  in truth , nobody actually knows . 
  furthermore , ireland is an english speaking nation within the eu who plans on staying . 
  anyway , i would n't count on it . 
  assuming there were brexit , in the long term it might open more positions for americans in 10-15 years time , but even then i do n't think the impact would be that massive , since opening positions for americans would mean providing more visas for english teachers , and brits would just as easily be able to take these visas as americans would and more brits would probably take them up for geographical reasons . 
  lol that 's such a dumb analogy . 
  people who are n't childish and insecure are very happy to meet people who are masters of things they are passionate about because really only a fellow aficionado can appreciate the level of dedication and skill it takes to reach that level . 
  when most body building type bros meet a world champ they 're humbled and honoured to meet someone with their level of dedication , not getting all jelly because a bigger fish swam into their little pond . 
  what you 're describing is a diva mentality plain and simple , and hopefully one that people in something as niche as barbershop singing wo n't ascribe to . 
  acknowledging someone 's talent and skill without acting like a diva about it is sign of true maturity and self-confidence . 
  reacting like a little bitch as if your thunder has been stolen just makes you look beta as fuck . 
  you obviously do n't understand the bond of respect that exists between people who share a passion in something at all . 
  we have him in england , he 's called a neck or knucker . 
  the welsh have a ceffyl d\u0175r which means water horse which is exactly the same as the b\u00e4ckah\u00e4sten . 
  although this folklore is probably more forgotten here than in scandinavia . 
  funny , we have the exact same thing in the uk , we call it the `` silly season '' , lasting during the time when parliament is adjourned and everyone is on holiday during july and august . 
  not really urban but the story of the [ pendle witch trials ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/pendle_witches ) is really creepy . 
  tl ; dr one of the most famous uk witch trials . 
  little girl was the sole witness and put the whole of her own family to death claiming them to be witches , picked out a whole bunch of people in an identity parade and was even able to avoid the traps the judge made to test her story ( like fake names and accusations ) . 
  years later she was also tried as a witch . 
  set a lot of the legal precedent that was later used in the salem witch trials . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  you 're just butthurt at having your idiocy exposed and your only resort is calling people aggressive . 
  funny when you watch the oscars and half the people on it are british . 
  please , i 've not made one aggressive statement in this whole discussion . 
  you , however , are obviously very passive aggressive , and a bit of a diva to boot . 
  i 'd give humans fine control over their digestive systems . 
  i find only having limited control over when i shit really inconvenient , you can be damn certain that you wo n't need to go before you leave but 45 minutes into that 4 hour journey you 'll get the digestive activity feeling and your body will decide it 's time to take a dump . 
  sure you can hold that dump in for the next 3 hours and 15 minutes , but it 's just so inconvenient . 
  i suppose we should be grateful we 're not like cows where it just kinda falls out of its own accord , but the whole system could do with some optimisation . 
  we certainly had a few class leaders like that . 
  class leader was n't even an officer position ( although some people were both ) , you did n't really get a say in the running of the guild . 
  you got consulted on recruiting for your class only , otherwise the job was simply to run the class chat channel during raids , and to check people were actually playing well , theorycrafting their gear and using the best of what they had , that they were n't being cheap with enchants or gems or potions or what not , also checking people were n't turning up to raids with pvp specs . 
  still , the number of people who got promoted to that position and suddenly decided they were in charge of the guild was ridiculous . 
  people who 'd literally been in the guild for 3 months and got promoted to it by default and then they 'd go from super nice regular guys to egomaniacs trying to stage coups against the leadership because the raid leader had disagreed with something they 'd said was ridiculous . 
  really taught me a lesson about what giving power to people did to them . 
  does n't take long for someone to go from enthusiastic about their new role to believing they can do it better than the people who gave them the power in the first place . 
  they 'd make great doctors though when you think about it . 
   reacting like a little bitch as if your thunder has been stolen just makes you look beta as fuck, 
  is not insinuating you are a little bitch , as far as i 'm aware you 're not a professional barbershop singer , and have never been in this situation . 
  i was merely stating how people would perceive you if you behaved that way . 
  none of the other things are remotely aggressive . 
  you are dumb , you do think like a diva , and you are butthurt . 
   aggression : angry or violent behavior or feelings, 
  you keep using that word , i do n't think it means what you think it means, 
  ultimately , i 'm just stating what everyone is thinking , which is if you see something like this immediately jump to the conclusion that the more amateur group is being shown up or emasculated by being given a free show by a world class group , you must have some deep deep insecurity issues . 
  furthermore your analogy was stupid ( and probably just a projection of your own insecurity ) and your reaction has ultimately just been stupid . 
  not remotely angry . 
  i just think it 's a little sad that there 's people like you in the world who see everything in terms of protecting your ego from being shown up by people better than yourself and can read negativity into something as harmless and pleasant as this . 
  instead of thinking `` how nice it must be for these guys to run into a fellow barbershop quartet , and one of the world 's best to boot '' you immediately think `` omg it 's like someone showing that they 're better at something in front of my girlfriend '' . 
  trust me , your girlfriend wo n't care because some other guy is better at you something , but she will care if your immediate thought is how much it shows you up because you 're that insecure . 
  that 's not free will . 
  what [ this guy says ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/p._f._strawson ), 
  in all my banks the pens are on those little plastic chains :(, 
  not true , people with thyroid problems and hormone problems are altered so that their body burns fewer calories , the problem is that 99 % of people claiming to have these problems are really just using them to excuse their diet of chocolate and lard . 
  watch the other video linked in the thread , they 're clearly in awe . 
  your scenario does n't even bear thinking about unless there 's some evidence about it , the fact you needed to bring it up says a lot frankly . 
  i 'm not angry at all , just saddened by your need to bring it up . 
  he defines free will very clearly and makes it seem completely unremarkable and in line with our modern understanding of the world imo . 
  yet you argued for it , you also made the dumbest analogy ever . 
   to stop fighting in war is to surrender . 
  to surrender is to lose . 
  to lose is to be defeated . 
  regardless of the reasons ` why ' , britain left , and thus , britain was defeated . 
  it 's funny the logic patriots will accept when it comes to protecting their ego . 
  stopping a war is not surrendering , they are different things . 
  also britain never surrendered . 
  the nazis `` surrendered '' because they were pushed into a situation where they could do nothing else . 
  individual generals surrendered , britain simply signed the treaty of paris aka `` the peace of paris '' . 
  winning a war by having some military success that convinces your enemy to agree to a favourable terms of peace is n't the same as making them surrender . 
  you may as well claim britain surrendered to india . 
  surrender literally means to give something up . 
  at best you could claim britain surrendered it 's claim to the us colonies . 
  to say `` britain surrendered '' is just categorically incorrect . 
  that 's massively oversimplified . 
  however my point was merely that just because you ask someone to do something crazy and they wo n't / do n't do it , does n't entail the absence of free will . 
  that 's simply not how free will is defined . 
  no , i think you 're missing the point . 
  even if they did it they would n't have proved it . 
   however if free will existed , the shyest man in the world to stand up in the middle of a large crowd and give a funny speech if he chose to do so . 
  really , tho , he does n't have that choice , only the illusion of that choice ( his personality prevents him from doing it ) . 
  you can not argue that because someone did n't do something that he did n't have the choice to do it . 
  sometimes shy people do suddenly do things out of character because they choose to . 
  does that prove free will ? 
  free will is a much more complex concept that you seem to be giving it credit for , and it will ultimately lead you to questions about consciousness and personal identity . 
  it 's not something you can prove or disprove by the means you seem to be going about it . 
  you seem to have fundamentally misunderstood the meaning of surrender . 
  you surrender when you give yourself or something over to another 's power , as in `` surrender your weapon '' or throwing your hands up and saying `` i surrender '' . 
  you 're not using the word how historians use it . 
   quitting is losing is surrendering,
