  switzerland is very anti tipping , they had a referendum to raise the minimum wage for waiters to something like $ 18 an hour ( although bear in mind that switzerland is very wealthy and life is expensive ) and consequently tipping is meant to be phased out . 
  typically people only leave a tip there now if they have a few coins change back , so you might leave a few cent or a single franc , but that 's about it . 
   everyone involved gets a better result . 
  you mean everyone gets a phoney , uncomfortable , tarted up female waitress checking on them every 10 minutes in the hopes of getting a better tip , yeah , you 're right . 
  i never even noticed the umlaut before . 
  if i had i would have know it was a fake word because the diphthong \u00e4a makes very little sense . 
  you are talking a load of crap though e.g water is boiled by the application of heat , there is no real reason why it 's `` by accident '' and `` on purpose '' , it just is . 
  as american as korean bbq !, 
  in the uk most people keep their shoes on in my experience . 
  in the uk most people keep their shoes on , depends on the people though . 
  usually the people who insist you take them off have a bunch of kids . 
  amongst a group of adults it might be a bit weird to as them to walk around without shoes . 
  do n't talk shit mate . 
  loads of people in the uk do n't take their shoes off , some do , but many do n't . 
  if you 're claiming you 've never been on a household that does n't remove shoes then you 're a downright liar . 
  whatever you say , dickhead . 
  honestly that depends where the fuck you 're from . 
  won is pronounced a bunch of different ways across the uk , for me they 're no homophones but in many dialects they are . 
  typically , wonder has the vowel in bun and wander has the vowel in bon , it 's nothing to do with the yanks and it very much depends on you accent , ultimately it does n't fucking matter . 
  you 're definitely right . 
  i do n't know where these people who think everyone in the uk takes their shoes off come from , maybe it 's more prevalent in certain regions like the north where people were very house proud and working class and therefore liable to have mucky feet . 
  while many people do have a no shoes inside rule it 's absolutely not taken for granted . 
   eating while walking . 
  i heard this is n't socially acceptable in the uk . 
  someone is giving you dodgy information . 
  it was probably frowned up 40 years ago before the advent of fast food but it 's certainly acceptable now . 
  i know in some countries it 's still the case , but it 's not in the uk . 
   talking to strangers like on the bus and other places having a conversations . 
  i also heard they do n't do this in the uk and they will think you 're weird for even talking to them like you know them . 
  this is correct . 
  if you start talking to someone in public people will think you 're a nutcase . 
  there are exceptions to this of course . 
  like you might ask someone for a light if they 're smoking . 
  i 've also seen people make comments to eat other , like if the bus is late you might say `` it was meant to be here 15 minutes ago ! '', 
  or something , but generally you do n't chat . 
  what do you mean by welfare ? 
  there are plenty of morbidly obese people on unemployment benefit in virtually every country . 
  maybe not the name quantity of them but still . 
  i do n't understand . 
  you said they were homophones , the next person said they were n't , then you said `` it 's a yank thing that 's catching on in some parts ! '', 
  from this i assumed you meant pronouncing them differently was a yank thing . 
  did you response to the wrong comment ? 
  i 'm confused . 
  you 're expected to talk as quietly as possible fyi . 
  you can talk , but if you talk louder than necessary people will think you 're socially inept and a nuisance . 
  that 's a crock of shit . 
  sure there is an element of shame associated with dropping out but you are not `` fucked '' . 
  you 're not even required to tell employers that you attended . 
   you probably wo n't be able to work at mcdonald 's as anything but a cashier either . 
  utterly false , a drop out will be treated exactly the same as someone who never attended in the first place . 
  i 'm not american and lots of people wears shoes in the house around me , unless you 've been walking in mud i do n't see the problem , it 's the floor , you 're not going to be eating from it . 
  this is n't just america , it 's all the english speaking world , and it also goes for other places like china , russia and a few others . 
  language learning is fuelled foremost by the advantages it gives you . 
  you say `` fine , y' alright ? '', 
  back at them . 
  maybe within the us they do . 
  they certainly do n't outside of it . 
  all i see is japanese electronics and german cars . 
  in fact the only thing i can see in my room right now with an american brand is a single pair of nike trainers . 
  sure america has some of the world 's biggest brands , like mcdonalds , coke , and apple , but most the brands here in europe are european . 
  i think some people just have some strong opinions about taking your shoes off being better / more hygienic and therefore want to push the idea that it 's the norm here . 
  while it 's certainly not unusual it 's definitely not the norm . 
  i think it 's a very middle class / respectable working class thing , with the lower class not giving a fuck and the posher sorts feeling it 's beneath them and lacking in style . 
  what region are you from , and what generation ? 
  i do n't remember any of my grandparent 's friends ever asking me to take my shoes off , i think my grandparents would have been shocked at being asked to do so . 
  certainly amongst no one of my generation asks me to do so . 
  generally the only people i know who have a shoes off rule are families with lots of children so they do n't traipse mud through the house . 
  computers , no way , i 'm using an asus computer ( china ) with a samsung monitor ( korean ) , with logitech peripherals ( swiss ) . 
  there are economies that are doing well without being free market addicts , maybe try what they 're doing . 
  just so everyone knows , i was replying to the guy and responded before this thread was made . 
  i guess it 's nice to see myself featured though !, 
  how come ? 
  that 's one fucky dialect . 
  i do n't know , it depends , if that person was otherwise very clever and had a good understanding of linguistics then they could break the way the language works into a set of facts and memorise those too . 
  for example , if you learnt all the words of german and just translated directly it would sound wrong . 
  `` i have run here '' you 'd naturally say `` ich habe gerannt hier '' , which would probably be understood by a german with a basic understanding of english , however , it 's bad german . 
  you 'd have to learn other rules like `` verbs of motion take `` sein '' not `` haben '' '' `` hier must indicate the direction of motion in a sentence where direction of motion is indicated '' and `` in a two verb sentence the 2nd verb must take the final position '' . 
  if you could remember all this as well as the vocab then you 'd say `` ich bin hierhin gerannt '' , which is good german . 
  literally `` i am hither run '' . 
  of course this raises the interesting point of the different between procedural and semantic memory . 
  if someone knows all the facts about a language , not just the vocab , but all the grammar rules , all the syntax , even all the prepositions which match with each verb , can they speak the language ? 
  learners still make mistakes despite have these explicit rules imprinted on their brains so that they can list them off with ease , which makes people think you need to have a procedural memory of their usage before it comes second nature to say `` ich bin gerannt '' instead of `` ich habe gerannt '' . 
  then again , we do n't have anyone with a perfect memory to compare with . 
  the closest to that might be an autistic savant , but most autistic savants do n't really understand what they are learning , they can quote the whole works of shakespeare but to them it almost may as well be a series of jumbled up letters and numbers , because while they 'll be able to quote verbatim the whole death speech of romeo and juliet they 'll typically have a hard time answering basic comprehension questions like `` was romeo happy or sad before he died ? '' . 
  truth is , we do n't really know how much practice someone like this need because even people like daniel tamil , probably the most high functioning autistic savant in the world , to the point where he just seems like a regular guy with aspergers , does n't have completely perfect recollection . 
  he also learnt decent icelandic in 2 weeks but he still had to practice . 
  was n't there a famous grandmaster who said the maximum number of moves he thought ahead was 1 , so really being a chess grand master is about having and intuition for what is possible for all the pieces on the board , and having an idea of general strategy an opponent will take , rather than plotting sequentially what your opponent will do . 
  unlike a computer of course that will calculate literally every possible move that could be made within the game , even ones that make no sense whatsoever , and calculate which is optimal . 
   followed by thesauruses and such so i can actually use the grammar correctly . 
  that 's not how this works , that 's not how any of this works . 
  ca n't believe i have n't seen anyone say this but : become a super villain !, 
  ozymandias / lex luther style . 
  i 'd probably enrol at a university , go into the library and come out 5 years later , with everything i needed to know . 
  fuck actually getting your degree . 
  then with the knowledge start a company and make billions with your perfect knowledge of economics , law , finances , politics and so forth . 
  then you could blow all your cash building super weapons and designing things to make you indestructible . 
  you may as well ask atheists how they cope with the fact that they did n't exist until they were born . 
  i took them over is an interesting one . 
  in english , you can say `` i left the cheese out '' or you can say `` i left out the cheese '' or `` i left it out '' but you ca n't say `` i left out it '' . 
  however , then you get a word like overtake and it 's just fuck that let 's do it differently and make it one word .
