  watch as people drive past as fast as they can without even looking at you . 
  pull out with a small gap as an act of desperation ? 
  expect the driver behind you to speed at you as fast as they can before slamming the breaks stopping 3 feet of your car and smash the horn to `` teach you a lesson '' . 
  ultimately though the proof is in the pudding , and the uk has one of the lowest motor fatality rates in the world . 
  i do n't like you either . 
  somewhat of a myth , most of those cameras are privately owned . 
  over 90 % privately owned cctv , which is practically mandatory to save money on insurance , hardly indicative that the british are surveilled . 
  it 's not the cameras surveilling us , it 's the nsa . 
  honestly , i think it 's got more to do with making people feel safe . 
  tourists are notoriously jumpy around any kind of terrorist threat . 
  one , because the impression that people in far away countries have of a country is always largely dependent on what makes their news , a country could be improving over the course of a decade but if it has a series of high profile negative events that make global news then tourists still wo n't go there , and two , because people have a choice of destinations , and if they can have a similar experience elsewhere why would they choose the one with a negative image . 
  consequently the people with a financial stake in oktoberfest are terrified of americans , australians , east asians , will get cold feet . 
  so they 're putting in security in the hope it makes them feel safer and that they 'll come back next year . 
  for some reason tonnes of people flock to munich year in and year out for oktoberfest , i do n't really get the appeal of it myself , and they drop some serious bank , so keeping the tourists happy is top priority . 
  no , gchq is spying on everyone else . 
  you clearly have n't understood how the five eyes got around being accountable to their own populaces by having their mates spy on them and exchanging the data . 
  still does n't make what i said wrong , so your `` correction '' is mistaken . 
  furthermore , the five eyes did use each other 's data to do surveillance that they would find hard to justify in their own jurisdictions , it was n't merely that their populaces , `` allowed it '' . 
  face it , you just wanted to correct someone , and you were wrong . 
  man up to it . 
  and yet may is sneering at everyone who voted remain but taking the hardest of lines as if the decision were overwhelming , she 's also sneering at everyone who did n't care enough to vote , as although they obviously do n't care that much about staying in the eu , they clearly do n't care enough about brexit to be willing to face harsh economic fallout eithr . 
  do n't forget sneering at the british business and finance sectors , which to me seems fucking stupid considering how much influence they have . 
  we need to get may out of office soon imo . 
  she 's acting absurdly for someone who does n't even have the mandate of the people . 
  whenever someone says that i make it clear that i think it 's my moral responsibility to `` make the worst of it '' . 
  that really gets on the brexiteers nerves . 
  direct democracy is no democracy at all , it 's mob rule . 
  i simply do not recognise the legitimacy of it , and that is that . 
  we are not a nation founded in direct democracy , and it 's do n't anti-democracy , at least not the brand of it the uk historically subscribes to , to go against a directly democratic decision . 
  i 'm sorry , what did n't go my way ? 
  i suppose if the government decides to start making decisions by coin toss and i do n't get the result at i want then `` i 'm stamping my feet '' . 
  i 'm not going to just stamp my feet , i already emigrated before brexit as the writing was on the wall about what a shit country the uk was becoming , and i 'll just stay away . 
  thanks for all the hundreds of thousands of pounds in social services , education , healthcare etc. 
  i got during childhood though , i 'll make sure to never pay a cent of it back in taxes paid in the uk , and instead give to a nation that is n't mentally deficient . 
  lol , if you think removing hundreds of thousands of pounds in future tax revenue from the uk 's coffers is stamping your feet , fair enough , enjoy the brain drain . 
  why should i have anything but contempt for people whose opinions do n't lie in fact but in their cruel imaginations . 
  they are the bigots , and if i want to be as far away from them as possible . 
  i hope the uk fails and learns its lesson , but i do n't want to be nearby when it does . 
  so you say . 
  personally i think that ultimately the route cause of anti-european sentiment in the uk can only be bigotry . 
  that does n't mean everyone who voted leave was a bigot , but the only reason leave was ever even considered possibility , and the reason the movement was able to gain a shred of respectability , was entire through lies spread by bigots . 
  i just ca n't be bothered dealing with a country with a deep seated bigotry problem , or a country with such rabid exceptionalism . 
  funny how we sneer at the us , when really we 're incredibly similar to them . 
  well , i , for one , live in an eu country that is n't leaving , so the worse a deal the uk gets the better it is for me , so send those jobs over here please guys . 
  honestly i ca n't understand why people think we have some moral obligation make it work for the good of the country . 
  might as well argue that britain has on obligation to not make it work for the good of the eu , as those banks and companies moving will surely benefit it . 
  we live in a globalised world and nobody should be making their political decisions on the basis of national allegiance . 
  still , `` well '' can mean a lot of things . 
  imo in the minds of the pro-brexit tories `` well '' means an economic boom for the uk 's richest and even more russian/chinese/saudi arabian investment in the uk 's corporations . 
  you can still resist `` this '' brexit , if you believe it 's not going to bode `` well '' for the uk . 
  to be fair we are quite bad at it . 
  british people are quite fond of righteous indignation if you ask me , at little too fond of it to be healthy . 
  yeah , but if you think that british people do n't do the same you 're crazy . 
  british people are subtle about it , but especially amongst the older generations there 's a mentality that foreign = inferior , and that foreigners are n't anything more than amusements on the outskirts of british culture . 
  polish person working as a cleaner , oh is n't wonderful , polish person working in a government building telling them what they can and ca n't do ? 
  suddenly it 's all `` i ca n't understand you , dear '' and '' can i speak your manager ? '', 
  yeah , i 've never spent much time in the german countryside but it 's a funny old place . 
  i 've briefly spent time in rural bavaria . 
  i think it 's the same in germany and the uk insofar as long term immigrants are considered `` alright '' because they speak the language well and are integrated with the culture . 
  i 'm also well aware that the reception i get an immigrant from a equivalent western european nation is much better than what people get from other nation . 
  it 's more like `` oh he 's english ? 
  and speaking german ? '', 
  how quaint !, 
  whereas for others it 's like `` oh he 's romanian ? 
  just another pauper looking for a handout ! '', 
  i have a friend who is english born but asian , and he thinks germans generally approach him with a shitty attitude . 
  he speaks german relatively well ( good enough for a customer facing job in the service industry ) , and he says germans are contemptible to him until the realise he 's british . 
  for example , being impatient with him , switching to english when there 's even a minor hint that his german is less then perfect , and then suddenly changing their demeanour completely when he responds in flawless native english . 
   i feel like that gap does exist in britain but it 's not the exact same , education and wealth seem to make less of a difference and i ca n't quite put my finger on what does yet . 
  accent , where you grew up , what your parents did , really defines your place in society , and the discrimination goes both ways , with either side inherently mistrustful of the other . 
  you have to understand that england is a nation in love with the shibboleth . 
  there 's a reason why british agents were able to infiltrate that nazis , but most of the german spies who got to britain were picked up by police in the first few hours of landing in the country . 
  virtually choice you make about yourself , how you act , how you speak , how you dress , has some kind of implication and makes some kind of statement . 
  having a regional accent is the number one marker for identifying with the working class , speaking in a way that is considered devoid of regionalisms is a strong statement saying you are middle to upper class . 
  we do n't approach human interaction with the same mentality as most germans imo . 
  we like to play games , we like the duality of what is said and what is meant , english is an deeply symbolic language , especially when brits talks to other brits , i guess it 's a way of weeding out who `` gets it '' and who `` does n't get it '' . 
  we 're very big on keeping deluded people deluded to avoid confrontation . 
  in fact we 're very big on avoiding confrontation generally . 
  some things english people do though are just frustrating . 
  for example , the `` face saving '' manoeuvre of accepting an invitation that you know you wo n't attend , providing excuses last minute to welsh on the obligation . 
  likewise the `` empty invitation '' of saying `` oh you must come and stay '' when really there 's no intention of that ever happening . 
  i 've come to quite admire the german upfront mentality to many things , and while i used to annoyed by people who seemed `` grumpy '' , i 've found that working with such people is n't necessarily too bad once you get the hang of it . 
  this is what i got from the first minute, 
  this is what i heard . 
  which in english i guess means . 
   my name is vernell ayler . 
  i was born six miles north of fredericksberg and at this time ( something something ) born at home . 
  i ca n't remember a time when i could n't speak both languages , german and english . 
  i learned them at the same time . 
  then i was sent to the country school for 3 years ( something something ) then they sent us to the city , so then i finished in fredericksberg , finished school here , in the high school , and then i worked in the city for three years , then i got married , and me and my husband will have been married for fifty seven years . 
  lol she 's just speaking german . 
  it 's not really a dialect in the normal sense imo . 
  it 's just mostly standard german but with a really really strong texas accent , lots of simplifications like the dropping the endings of words . 
  a peppering of english words thrown in . 
  it really sounds most similar to how american might speak german after a year or two of learning . 
  there might some dialectic influence , and do n't know enough about german dialects to know if the words she 's using are due to dialect , i 'm not even fluent in german so i 'm not really in the best position to know . 
  what i would say is that this really is n't hard to understand , especially if you know english and have an idea of what her english accent probably sounds like , it 's quite easy to hear which words she 's going for even if they do n't sound how native speakers would pronounce them . 
  comparing this the pennsylvania dutch accent of german this about x10 easier to understand , as that way of speaking really did come from a very specific german dialect that does n't resemble modern standard spoken german that much . 
  sounds like she 's rhoticising the - r in some words , as is common in american english , pronouncing a sound that represents - r even when there 's no vowel to follow . 
  this sound does n't really exist in german ( although maybe east frieslanders would prove me wrong ) .
