  i would be but they do n't want more accurate forms of measurement because it would impact their ability to lie to advertisers . 
  tv is a fucked up industry with a foot in the past . 
  i was taking the piss . 
  it says `` naturally i only know american history , since i 'm a proper hill billy . 
  in school i only studied 1776 and george washington . 
  i remember my high school `` abraham lincoln high '' , these were the best days of my life . 
  back to back world war champions !!, 
  go freedom whoop ! '', 
  same in german . 
  neither do i , i was taught to say british billion or american billion , but since the need to talk about british billion is so rare it 's pretty much given way to the use of billion to mean 1000 million . 
  peer must pay the troll toll !, 
  it made the best flash game ever though !, 
  god you fussy snowflake you !, 
  it 's just a scream !, 
  arbitrary plot devices used to create jeopardy , when said devices are really add nothing else to the plot . 
  i 'm looking at you inception . 
  cramming = checking wikipedia and googling shit before you respond so you come across as smarter and way more knowledgeable than the last guy . 
  can confirm , was old lady . 
  high levels of fabulousity were detected . 
  i have a question . 
  say someone links to part of a popular ask reddit thread with a permalink showing child comments , are we allowed to participate in other parts of that thread in the capacity of regular posters ( parts that do n't come under the sas permalink and were n't linked ? ), 
  because sometimes only part of a thread is sas , whilst other sections might have genuine discussion i 'd like to contribute to , nonetheless i feel naughty if i do this since i technically discovered the thread through sas . 
  naturally the british , masters of bio-warfare that they were , caused the blight . 
  wake up in 1815 germany with only a limited understanding of the language in a dialect 200 years too late . 
  i 'm a white male who 'd probably be quite tall and large for the era though so i 've got that going for me . 
  i 'm sure they 'd recognise me as an english speaker although , even my english would be strange compared to the english of the day . 
  i 'd have to go full on beggar mode , offering my labour to people in return for food and somewhere to sleep . 
  on the plus side i think my german learning would speed up a lot due to the life and death consequences of not knowing the language . 
  however for most of us i reckon suicide might become attractive given how hard the adjustment to our new brutal existences might be . 
  we 're british god dammit , we must add - y 's to everything , it is our solemn duty and god given right . 
  i 'm curious as someone who works in language teaching who is responsible for administering tests / training foreign speakers to have a higher competency ? 
  in regard to the possibility of dying the british ( and other europeans ) had the bigger balls . 
  space travel is practically as safe as driving when compared to sailing an ocean in a heap of wood . 
  taking a single ship across the ocean to find a new island took a lot more balls than firing yourself into space with a team of the world 's best minds and billions of euros of resources behind you . 
  percentage wise a lot more explorers died than astronauts . 
  i 'm sorry did you claim sir tim berners-lee was a yank ? 
  a bit like how `` we '' just landed on a comet right ? 
  most of them were private interests , the military was n't going to help them out, 
  huh ? 
  i just thought that comment was directed at us . 
  they have n't done much lately either tbh, 
  time for the daily circlejerk it seems . 
  what the fuck are you on about , who is `` we '' ? 
  it 's nothing to do with brains . 
  the two eras are obviously incomparable . 
  i 'm just saying in terms of raw balls risking a pan-atlantic journey was far more dangerous . 
  i 'm pretty sure any sane person given the choice between being an 20th century astronaut or a exploration sailor in the 1600s would choose the former . 
  a pro-american shitpost with 4000 upvotes = america bashing . 
  major victim complex over here . 
  i think about the czech republic , it 's towns , countryside , cities , people and culture what the fuck else would i think of ? 
  this thread or your comment ? 
  to be fair during my time at university i do n't think i read a single book for pleasure . 
  i made me feel too guilty since i figured if i were reading i should be reading my course reading list . 
  that said it did change when finished education . 
  in my opinion without british opposition they 'd have had a massive fascist euro state with an allied british empire competing with the us for world power . 
  britain would most undoubtedly be much closer diplomatically with the mainland than america . 
  once hitler had taken the whole of mainland europe either by force or as allies like italy , britain would have had to come to some form of agreement . 
  who says russia would 've defeated germany if germany was allied with the british empire . 
  i doubt there would 've been a lend lease or any support from america to a solitary communist russia against the rest of europe . 
  even if britain did n't enter the war on the side of the germans and tried to stay neutral they would 've probably supplied the germans given they would 've been allies , there 's a limit to how neutral you can remain when there 's an unopposed militaristic european megastate on your doorstep . 
  i mean hell even america was considering supplying the germans at the start of the war , and if the british and the colonies were doing it who 's to say they would n't have too , it makes no sense to miss out financially . 
  also there 's no saying hitler would 've invaded russia had britain not declared war since there would 've been no precedent for russia to follow to wage war on germany , thus making russia less of a threat . 
  i know hitler invaded russia but it was more of a pre-emptive strike in case they opposed hitler and joined on the side of the british . 
  russia would most likely have stayed neutral but been much more intimidated by the germans , building up what forces they could at their border . 
  america most likely would n't have waged war at all and actually become much more more influenced by the anglo-germanic alliance , perhaps even giving political and economic support to germany 's war machine , if not entering the war themselves . 
  had america tried to war with this united europe ( an idealistic notion if you ask me ) then they 'd have had their arses ' kicked , at least if they 'd tried any offensive action . 
  it could 've ended up with a three way cold war between europe , america and the soviet union , or possibly a two way cold war with europe and america versus the soviet union , no doubt leading to the entire western world being far more comfortable with notions of caucasian supremacy and fascist rule . 
  frankly i think the latter is far more likely , for as much as people like to venerate capitalist democracy , it 's a far more compatible with fascism ideologically than it is with communism . 
  so no i do n't think the us would 've lost the war without britain , i reckon they would 've never fought the war in the first place , either returning to a policy of isolationism or adapting to the new environment and allying themselves with greater europe . 
  had the latter happened then the soviets may have crumbled far earlier and then themselves fallen under the influence of fascist ideology . 
  it would basically be the same as today except fascism would replace the modern day social democracy , and communism would be considered the truly evil ideology rather than both fascism and communism being thought of as bad . 
  britain , the colonies and america may have retained some semblance of democracy , but it would be a great deal more influenced by the continental fascism than it is today . 
  also the western militaristic hegemony would be centred in europe and there would be no jews . 
  well you 'd think wrong, 
  when americans go it 's like a serious commitment as part of world travel . 
  when brits however it 's just a fucking weekend trip on the seacat or a 50 quid flight to get hammered in more exotic ways than can be done legally back home . 
  oh and maybe fuck a prozzie of they 're so inclined . 
  when i was there last i tried just speaking german , but that did n't endear me to anyone either :( to be fair amsterdam is just tourist chaos , i found rotterdam way more chill . 
  try and fit a flat piece of paper around a globe , you ca n't do it with it crumpling , the crinkles make a sticker easier to pull off . 
  oh but it would - regards the uk, 
  i 'd approve but that journalist is such a douche, 
  people in places like amsterdam and berlin draw on fucking everything . 
  go to new york it 's similar , it 's not other places than the us , anywhere with an arty vibe . 
  also it 's not very expensive and aesthetically interesting . 
  ideologically it was his end game yes , i realise that he despised the communists , but who 's to say it would 've occurred in 1941 had hitler met no resistance . 
  he could 've gained control of all the major resources in africa and the middle east relatively more easily , the situation would be much different . 
  everything about him, 
  why the fuck did you skip one day ? 
  it 's like one of the most significant units of time ? 
  nope , one week then one hour , this annoys me way more than it should . 
  nobody would follow . 
  no it 's not better , it 's a real cop out because now one week and one day are basically the same . 
  i mean it 's a fucking day , surely you could come up with something better than that . 
  got one , `` to realise the value of one day , ask [ dinah washington ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ombxvfqtuvi ) '', 
  plan b ? 
  what on earth is that ? 
  maybe they just liked it . 
  nobody wants to copy the us military . 
  love how in the minds of retarded nationalistic yanks adopting an effective camouflage developed by a private company is copying the us . 
  that whole nation needs to stop drinking the koolaid .
