  both sides want to use us as pawns in the up coming negotiations . 
  hopefully mutually assured permanent residence from both sides will be one of the first things on the table . 
  in any social situation the default should be english . 
  it 's only when the child is alone with either parent that they should speak the parent 's l1 . 
  that 's actually not how it works in germany . 
  in germany they differentiate between child protection laws and youth protection laws . 
  sex with anyone under 14 is considered child abuse and is punishable with very heavy sentences . 
  if someone has sex with someone between the ages of 14-18 , and that someone is either :, 
  i ) over the age of 21, 
  ii ) able to be considered in a position of power, 
  then if an accusation is made against them then they are pretty much automatically guilty of an offence somewhat equivalent to `` statutory rape '' . 
  but is better described as `` sexual exploitation of a youth '' . 
  this carries a maximum sentence of 5 years i believe . 
  of course , they could receive other sentences on top of that , for example , if the rape were violent . 
  it 's of note that the state does n't necessarily have to prosecute these cases unless an accusation is made by the victim , but can choose to do so without an accusation being made by the victim if they feel there is a special interest in doing so , for example , if that person is an educator and could possibly be a risk to other young people . 
  however typically , if someone just comes to the polices and tells them that a regular 23 year old is sleeping with a 17 year old they wo n't actually prosecute unless there is shown to be some special circumstance that makes it worthy of investigation e.g abuse has occurred , the person is a teacher or another authority figure that comes into contact with children . 
  ultimately there are two rules in german . 
  one child protection law and one youth protection law , and this is a distinction that differs from country to country and is n't even made in some countries . 
  for example in british law there is a distinction between child and young adult , and turning 16 brings some changes is legal standing , one of which being legally able to give sexual consent . 
   `` you have n't done it yet '' sounds kind of whiny/accusatory in comparison . 
  lol this sums up the difference between english and german in a nutshell . 
  fyi progress slows a lot after b1 . 
  with a reasonable grasp of language and grammar b1 is achievable quite swiftly by anyone with a bit of hard work . 
  i 've been living here for a couple of years and i 'm only b2 . 
  even living in the country and working in german you 'll still struggle frankly . 
  you 'd probably need to be really dedicated on top of that . 
  living in a native country tends to do two things , massively improve the level of your conversational german and massively improve your ability to understand/interpret what people are saying . 
  however , unless you study really hard it wo n't get you speaking university level german because you 'll be using the same 1000 or so words and the same hundred or so phrases over and over . 
  depends what you 're doing of course , but for day to day life you do n't have to really learn to the same skills as you would need to write a university level essay , nor do you gain the vocabulary needed . 
  i can chat like i actually knew german in the pub , and i can deal with most of the interactions day to day life necessitates like someone who is reasonably fluent . 
  ask me to write anything more than a brief note and without google translate and other aids i 'd be at a loss . 
  ironically , it 's possible to be the other way . 
  very common amongst erasmus and people with degrees in german . 
  they can read goethe and write very nice formal german but when they open their mouths people laugh because they sound like actor pretending to speak german from a script using language written by an 18th century poet . 
  `` i just wanted to remind you that you have n't sent me the writing exercise yet '' sounds absolutely fine to me in english . 
  not remotely accusatory , just a statement of fact . 
  using the passive `` i wanted to remind you that the writing exercise has not yet been sent to me by you '' is unnecessary and almost comical in english , and exactly as you said about the sentence in german ; whiny/accusatory , like you 're deliberately trying to avoid implicating them as responsible but are too afraid directly to implicate them personally . 
  the passive in no way lightens the `` blow '' , so to speak , in english at all ; it just sounds weird . 
  ultimately , what sounds correct in english is often the opposite in german . 
  your example : `` i want to remind you to send me the writing exercise '' sounds quite rude in english , like really direct , as if you 're telling the professor what to do , or at very least assuming what he must do , when really it 's there choice ( even if the `` rules '' say otherwise ) . 
  the only way you 'd use this sentence is if it really were 100 % clear that that person were obliged to send it to you , perhaps if you had more authority than them . 
  but the op sentence would be fine . 
  in english the getting things seemingly by consent ( even if you have the `` authority '' on your side ) is important , even better when you can get that person to fulfil what is expectant of them without directly asking them to do it ( the assumption being that they will know what to do automatically without being asked ) . 
  as an english speaker would see it :, 
  `` i just want to remind that such and such circumstance is the case '' ( assuming that they know what they are required to do ) , is far politer than, 
  `` i want to remind you to do this ! '', 
  `` reminder : can you send me the written exercise '', 
  just sounds insanely presumptuous . 
  are you really going to use a semi-colon ? 
  you 're speaking like an automated update !, 
  honestly i think it 's only possible to understand the difference in how to deal with real life germans as an english speaker when you 've understood it 's not just language , but a whole different understanding of what correctness is . 
  i thought it was northern ireland she was going for for a while so yeah it 's not all that . 
  when your country has ruled the waves for as long as britain national days are unnecessary contrivance . 
  britain does n't have national days , it creates national days in other places by relinquishing power to the native population after they 've had a healthy dose of civilisation !, 
  never been under another countries rule but did get copenhagenised !, 
  you have to understand that the scottish identity in reality is n't defined by highland culture . 
  it 's just the aspect of scottish culture that seems more unique and therefore gets played up in media and used to lure tourists . 
  the borders were always dominated by germanic settlers , in the way england was , but the scottish identity arose from a mixture of these germanic settlers and the native celtic people . 
  as nation , scotland was never a matter of celts vs germanic . 
  in reality it was germanic people and celts vs other germanic people ( and probably a few celtic peoples as well ) . 
  the scottish border was a somewhat arbitrary line that history decided upon through the course of politics . 
  it was never meant to delineate different `` peoples '' . 
  for much of history the boundary was highly ill defined with border clans switching their allegiance from scotland to england all the time depending on what worked best for them . 
  the dominant language in scotland for much of history was scots , not scottish gaelic . 
  scots is really just a straight forward germanic language bearing great resemblance to english . 
  while scots and english were n't 100 % mutually intelligible they were very similar and partially so . 
  scots mostly just involves the realisation of vowels and diphthongs differently , as well as realisation of various orthographic features of english differently . 
  do n't know what you point is . 
  in the 10th century there was no scottish identity , just various regions in loose allegiance . 
  there `` traditional dress '' and sports are completely irrelevant to anything here . 
  otc sleep medication is not for prolonged use or the self treatment of self diagnosed problems . 
  otc sleep medication is for people who occasionally have sleep problems within a healthy tolerance e.g after a particularly stressful day at work . 
  you should see your gp asap . 
  trust me it 's way better to be given a low dose of ambien than mess around with the otc shit long term . 
  it was an anglo-irish largely protestant ( but not exclusively ) , largely british supporting ruling class that starved the peasants . 
  if it were as simple as britain trying to starve ireland then all that food would 've never been exported without extreme force . 
  it 's not like the british army gathered up all the food and took it to the uk . 
  it was sold by landowners in ireland who did n't give a fuck about the peasants living on the land . 
  like the scottish highlands , much of the peasant population of ireland in those days was n't tied tightly into an organised agricultural community , but rather rented land from some noble landowner to grow crops , the excess of which would be sold to pay rent on the land and any other necessities . 
  tenant farming was obviously a thing all over europe at the time but in many other countries with was more tightly organised and controlled . 
  let 's not whitewash the famine or politicise it for purely nationalist agenda . 
  capitalism clearly was a large part of why the famine happened , as well as the class structure capitalism gives rise to . 
  imperialism and ethnic division are just part of the story . 
  the idea that just because ireland was a colony therefore capitalism ca n't have played a part is really stupid stuff . 
  class was also a factor , caused by capitalism . 
  a factor that while intrinsically inseparable from imperialism , is not identical with it . 
  land owners did n't tend to give a fuck about subsistence farmers giving on their land but only making a small share of their profits . 
  capitalist care about people according to their economical value in terms of capital . 
  this is still true today and it 's why you can get fired from a fast food job for oversleeping a couple of time but you 're senior management you can rock up at 10.30 everyday and nobody will bat an eyelid0 . 
  these are modal verbs . 
  modal verbs in english typically have a present and preterite form . 
  shall  should , will  would , can  could , may  might , must  ( had to : no form here ) . 
  however , modal verbs tend to have a very strange rule set that does n't compare to the way ordinary verb behaves . 
  in fact , each modal verb tends to play by its own logic . 
  the actual meaning of a modal verb , its real function in terms of semantic value , shifts with context as well . 
  `` he may bring his dog with him '' could be interpreted as meaning either that he 's permitted to bring his dog with him , or as meaning that there 's a possibility that he will bring his dog with them , depending on the context . 
  to understand what the shift from a present tense modal ( e.g can ) to a past tense modal ( e.g could ) actually means we have to look at where it occurs . 
  first thing to note is that a sentence like :, 
   he could be indicted for fraud . 
  clearly is n't talking about the past , so while the preterite tense usually talks about the past in english , with modals this is n't always necessarily so .
