  would you get far on $ 33 per day as a tourist in new york ? 
  you 'll have just about enough money to get the tube somewhere and eat sandwiches for lunch and fast food for dinner . 
  you wo n't be able to go visit many attractions because you 'll need to pay a ticket cost for entry , you wo n't be able to go out and enjoy the nightlife because you wo n't be able to buy drinks / meals / theatre tickets . 
  going to london is n't like going to an all inclusive break in the caribbean , even if you play it smart it 's still going to cost money to have fun , otherwise you 'll be sitting in a busy city hotel with nothing to do but watch the tv . 
  moreover there simply is n't enough to see for free in london for two weeks , although there is if you 're willing to spend a reasonable amount of money , double what you have and you 'll be in with a shot . 
  [ gavin from autoglass ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p3pkgpvx5vg ) was n't stupid , he knew about micro-cracks and stuff ... 
  but lurpak is real butter ? 
  because everyone 's cold is a desperate emergency and need antibiotics ... stat ... ( to be fair a non-emergency appointment at my local gp takes 3-4 days ), 
  i 'd choose , manchester / bristol / nottingham / sheffield / leeds / durham , in that order , but it 's only personal preference . 
  if you want to know how each university fares in a specific subject then you 'll need to check the tables online . 
  each of those cities i 've listed have decent student nightlife , imo the quality of nightlife you experience at university is more to do with the friends you make at university and less to do with which area you are in . 
  even campus universities in the middle of the countryside have great nightlife because there 's always plenty of student nights on and it kind of funnels people into the same places . 
  going to an minor all boys public school , i would say behavior was far worse there than at state schools , although i 'm only going on reports from friends at the time who went to state schools . 
  public schools are very reluctant to expel pupils because it makes them look bad , and in an all boys environment there was very much a boys will be boys attitude towards bad behavior . 
  amongst the pupils there was an attitude of being as thick as thieves and reporting anything to the teachers was considered betraying your fellow students , this led to a lot of fun sometimes winding up teachers with the whole class in on the jokes , doing stuff like turning a teachers desk around when they went off to get something they 'd left in the staff room or throwing coins across the class whilst their back was turned . 
  stuff that was majorly disruptive but not really malicious . 
  a fair bit of bullying went on in the typical way a competitive environment breeds , kids who were n't able to give as good as they got were targeted with jibes and pranks and generally had their lives made uncomfortable . 
  on the other hand , the relatively frequent fights that went on were typically one on one and would be broken up by the peer group before anyone got seriously hurt . 
  nobody was physically bullied in the sense of a bunch of stronger kids beating up someone small and defenseless for the sheer fun of it , no one was extorted or stolen from , and nobody needed to fear for their well-being beyond being psychologically tormented . 
  then again from what i know of state schools there was a much lower tolerance for this type of mucking around . 
  peer groups did n't feel any obligation to cover up for each other 's bad behavior . 
  schools run a much lower tolerance for violent or dangerous behavior , suspensions and expulsion are much more readily used as punishment . 
  i know one school that will suspend you for fighting the first time and expel the second time no questions asked , if this had happened at my school they 'd be losing kids by the dozen every year . 
  however i have also heard some horror stories from some state schools , for example a colleague has a son who 's being moved to his third school in a few years , at the first school he had pupils waiting for him after school to beat him up after they turned on him , after he was moved from the first one news spread and to the new school and a similar event happened this time with kids banging on his parents ' car threatening to come to his house . 
  he also had his property vandalised in school and constant threats made about how he was going to get battered outside of school . 
  a lot of the kids doing this come from rough families who would mostly be apathetic towards or unable to prevent what their children are doing , so nothing could really be done about it . 
  basically , all the faith he had once possessed , had made no effect on his life . 
  that 's nonsense , it works perfectly in british english if you say aunt like ant you say grant the same . 
  if you say aunt properly like arnt , you say grant like grarnt . 
  it 's only weird half breeds that would n't rhyme it . 
  but in the south of england we say grant to rhyme with aunt , both with the long in arse rather than the short in ass . 
  just imagine a different spelling then . 
  no it 's gran , not grain . 
  the difference canary is can-air-ree , granary is gran-a-ree, 
  full of mistakes , the poet was obviously referencing traditional bre . 
  for example he says `` ate late '' like `` eight late '' when really it should be `` et late '' . 
  also the long - a 's are n't there so some of the words like `` grand '' next to grants are n't actually demonstrating the differences . 
  he also says mauve incorrectly . 
  false : [ op eats this ] ( http://blog.theoddballenglish.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/05/4faggots.jpg ), 
  i always assumed americans virtually froze their beer because it mostly tasted like weak piss water ? 
  says you . 
  to be fair i did say mostly . 
  firstly you might need to brush up your english grammar slightly although i 'm sure that wo n't be a problem , i say this because your question does n't actually make sense , `` how well could you come by ? 
  '' , i 'm guessing what you actually mean is how easily could you live here for a while ? 
  to answer that question i would say what you plan on doing is n't out of the question but wo n't be that easy either . 
  securing a job here as a german speaker with a ok but imperfect grasp of english wo n't be a walk in the park , that said plenty of immigrants live here . 
  living on minimum wage without any additional support is difficult . 
  you should probably save up as much as you can before moving , secondly you should do your best to secure a job before you move , thirdly you should choose an area of the uk where there is both employment prospects and a low cost of living , finally try and get into contact with other people who have done the same and find out how they accomplished their move . 
  finding somewhere to live when you arrive will be difficult too , you should probably look into cheap temporary , potentially shared , accommodation when you arrive , because rentals tend to be at least 6 months and require deposits and proof of employment . 
  funnily i 'm looking to travel to germany this year so we 're in similar boats . 
  what 's the point in coddling them when their title question makes no sense ? 
  it 's not an insult to correct someone 's mistake , that 's actually how you learn . 
  i did n't say their english was bad either , merely that they should probably brush up on some of the finer points before they arrive . 
  for god 's sake i was n't insulting them by correcting them . 
  the title makes zero sense . 
  if you made a mistake like that on a cv it could easily lose you a job . 
  i ca n't understand why people like you are so touchy about correcting someone 's language , it 's not conducive to helping them improve . 
  telling them their english is great when they 've written a word salad sentence , when clearly their english is merely decent , is actually incredibly patronising . 
  i bet you 're one of those separate tap whingers ... 
  a couple of years ? 
  what year is this ? 
  i do n't know anyone who stays in a job more than a few years ... 
  you go to a cheap salon after a woman 's hair salon ? 
  what ? 
  heretic, 
  well i think that 's quite unrealistic , two years is a reasonably long time in today 's market . 
  enough time to garner sufficient experience to be accepted for a much better paying / more authoritative position somewhere else . 
  if an employee can earn more elsewhere i think it 's unfair to expect them to stick with a job , especially since it 's often not merely a matter of more money , but one of moving to a better role that will offer richer forms of experience for the cv , a role that probably wo n't be available internally . 
  bad i.t - as in i.t classes that are basically just glorified word processing with exams that consist of following instructions and building tables . 
  hopefully legitimate things like server management , coding and design will be taught , perhaps even separately as individual classes . 
  that or your food was legitimately awful , and you 're all in denial like [ amy 's bakery bistro ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wap4gvdvjlo ), 
  the idea of leaving the eu is still ridiculous . 
  a huge amount of the supporters are just europhobic morons . 
  that 's exactly what i 'm suggesting . 
  eurosceptic is a silly word anyway , scepticism implies doubt , most `` eurosceptics '' do n't doubt europe but are actively against the eu insofar as they think it 's a bad influence . 
  your starting that comment with `` kek '' is laughable . 
  holy is always pronounced with a rather long - o , to differentiate it from wholly or holey , then again in your dialect wholly and holey might have the same long - o ? 
  someone on the dole . 
  falsehood . 
  whilst it 's true that thine is the predicative , thine precedes a vowel , thy a consonant ... verily thy game is lacking . 
  i 'm not really confused by it , i 'm just confused by how many claim to speak `` properly '' yet all speak completely differently . 
  truly hast thou earnt thy fedora *, 
  watch out they 've got [ muslamic ray guns ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aipd8qhhtvu ), 
  what ? 
  people are subjective ? 
  is that like solipism or something ? 
  seriously though obviously i know this , i 'm referring only to a very narrow band of speakers who think their accents are prestige . 
  oh dear , i 'm a good hundred kilometres north of london i 'm speaking that way . 
  the shame ... 
  so it 's about kicking a donkey ? 
  that sounds cruel and i will not condone it . 
  worst of all he 's from the midlands yet tries to pass himself off as some type of likely lad from the home counties ... 
  i think stephen fry [ answers this well ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8k2abqtbxao&amp;feature=kp ) . 
  american comic heroes are wise guys , perhaps slightly outcast , but speak the truth where others do n't . 
  they are positive forces that rise above with their heart and soul , bringing postivity out of the negative , they come out good in the end . 
  british comic heroes are bumbling incompetents , losers often bitter at the world , simple but perceptive fools lost in the world that craps on their expectations , cutting through mindless positivity with their often cynical but accurate negative outlook , there 's no fairy tale outcome for them , nor is their any moral or meaning to be found whatsoever . 
  well you 're wrong , mary as in airy , marry like `` a '' , merry like bed . 
  get more vowels you fool . 
  not everything has to have a long - a , you would n't pronounce bad as bard would you . 
  a doley is someone on the dole .
