  the problem is n't that society is n't overall richer for this change , the problem is that the wealth is no longer getting to the people at the bottom as readily . 
  what you end up with is greater wealth inequality . 
  now hardcore capitalists would say so what ? 
  who cares if those people at the bottom are earning less relative to the size of the economy than before , since we 're overall richer those people can get cheaper food , cheaper cars , and so forth . 
  however what you 've really got to ask yourself is which kind of society is better to live in ? 
  one where relative economic power is even distributed more evenly ? 
  or one where there are a lot of poor people but televisions , food and other such material goods are cheap . 
  it seems to me that the former is obviously going to be a nicer place to live than the latter , which is why stockholm is a vastly nicer place to live than chicago . 
  i just ca n't make sense of your position . 
  it seems ridiculous to blame the government for bailing out the banks , instead of blaming the bankers for cheating the system and the government for not stopping them . 
  if the banks had not been bailed out we 'd be looking at another great depression style situation , people losing their life savings and pensions overnight , millions homeless as banks jacked up the interest rates of loans and people could no longer pay their mortgages , homes that would instantly lose half their value . 
  fractional reserve banking has presided over a period of immense wealth and progress , before it was used the generation of wealth in the economy was not dictated by whether or not someone could generate more money with it , but rather by how much credit was available in the system . 
  that meant you could be a businessman with a profitable business able to expand that business and generate a greater profit however there was no way to do that because you simply were n't a safe enough bet for anyone to lend to you . 
  most people learn about the monetary system from conspiracy theorists sadly , it 's something that our education system completely fails to teach . 
  all the conspiracy theory lot do n't seem to understand that provided new money created by credit is paid back more often than it is n't , no value is be detracted from the system . 
  you 're a dick . 
  i 'm being condescending ? 
  you 're the one telling me to read `` babies first economics textbook '' as if i do n't have a fucking clue rather than actually addressing my points . 
  seems you 're just the type of idiot who reads a textbook as a substitute for an opinion . 
  lol wow would you care to quit stalking me , 4 notifications off you in a few minutes is kind of lot . 
  honestly why do you care so much ? 
  yeah my grandparents were the same , they could n't have given the remotest of a fuck if someone was gay if they were a nice person . 
  growing up poor in the 30s in the city they did they did n't have the liberty of judging others for trivial unimportant reasons that did n't affect them in the slightest . 
  of course they 'd fall about laughing at the campy characters in `` carry on '' films or `` are you being served ? 
  '' , but not in a nasty way . 
  they 'd also say racist stuff like `` a coloured family has moved in down the street '' or that the milkman was `` as black as the ace of spades '' , however they were n't the slighest bit racist , i never heard a hint of malevolence in it just the naivet\u00e9 the comes with growing up in a different era . 
  i do n't quite understand your position still . 
  it 's not like we went from feudalism to frb , there was a long period of having hard ( ish ) money backed by the gold standard . 
  you seem to be advocating a return to that , however , it just seems obvious to me that whatever progress was made by moving from the gold standard to frb would be lost . 
  what you 're talking about sounds like anarcho-capitalism to me ( which of course has a lot in common with communism just on a much smaller scale ) , minimal government , money backed by real things , people free to either be economic individuals or join communes to pool resources , none of which being allowed to grow too large due to free market factors . 
  i ca n't say it 's a concept i can envisage personally , seems like it would just end up in conflict and the restablishment of centralised power . 
  that said you 've obvious tried to explain your opinions and are entitled to them , and i respect that . 
  you learn to think critically . 
  i ca n't be arsed treating someone with such an ill thought out socially harmful opinion as yourself with respect . 
  amazingly it does n't take me very long to type out an argument on reddit . 
  what i do for a living is none of your business . 
  you learn to think critically . 
  i ca n't be arsed treating someone with such an ill thought out socially harmful opinion as yourself with respect . 
  amazingly it does n't take me very long to type out an argument on reddit . 
  what i do for a living is none of your business . 
  well , you 're a fool then . 
  there are plenty of economists at better universities than stanford who agree with me rather than with you . 
  furthermore , you 've failed to recognise that none of my arguments pointed towards what classical liberal economic theory says not being good for the economy , merely not being good for the people living in the society which that economy serves . 
  like many it seems you 've mistaken a stronger economy with increased overall welfare , a delusion that many rich and/or foolish men are able to preserve . 
  it 's patently obvious to anyone with a brain that being born poor in a sensible socialist economy like germany is far better than being born in a heavily capitalist nation like the us . 
  you 've entirely skirted the issue , which is wealth inequality and poverty , not gdp . 
  idiots like greenspan are successful because they tell the affluent what they want to hear , that their interests are the interests of the average person . 
  that 's also the reason they are given prestigious roles at the federal reserve because their ideology is congruous with the rich and powerful . 
  educate yourself , open your eyes and do n't believe what the leading economists in one of the nations with the worst wealth inequality in the western world tell you ... 
  good argument , i can see you 've really thought about the issue rather than repeating the same old new lib clich\u00e9s, 
  when someone assaults you like that on camera it 's just free money , especially if they 're the kind of person who 's got some cash . 
  with people [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?t=52&amp;v=gp74xuyyaoo ) populating your nation i can hardly blame them . 
  seems like a lot to me . 
  kid is clearly deeply fucked up . 
  sounds like a true professional . 
  personally this case does n't fill me with rage . 
  a career criminal who kills rivals in the desert because they 're encroaching on his territory is worse than this guy . 
  this is just tragic and makes me pity the guy , he 's obviously got deep seated issues even if he 's not insane in the eyes of the law . 
  he needs to go away from a long time , not because he deserves to suffer , but to keep him away from dangerous situations where he might do it again . 
  that 's why so many people in america are riding mobility scooters you fucking butterball . 
  just go away . 
  no , i just do n't care . 
  must i remind you this tedious conversation stems from the tone of my lengthy response to you ? 
  you seem rather sensitive to condescension , i wonder what that says about you ? 
  bp oil should pay no taxes in the usa !, 
  why should they fund us welfare queens !, 
  they 're just stealing money that belongs to hardworking britons . 
  ( before anyone says bp is barely a british company anymore the clue is in the name duhh ... ), 
  oh no , i thought reddit and real life were identical and people behaved the same regardless of which one they were using . 
  i 'll have to reassess my understanding . 
  attribution error . 
  you see someone being condescending and assume they 're a condescending person . 
  i was condescending to you because i deemed you deserved condescension . 
  naively dismissing someone 's argument because `` errr ... this one famous economist disagrees '' seems to make you eligible for condescension . 
  thinking someone should change their opinions on the grounds that one famous person thinks otherwise does seem condescension worthy in my opinion . 
  it would like me walking up to a marxist professor and smugly handing over a copy of adam smith 's work and saying `` if you read this you would n't think what you do , if you disagree you 're disagreeing with a historical legend , do you really think you 're smarter than someone whose name every 1st year university student will know ? '' . 
  furthermore , it 's nothing to do with split personalities , everyone behaves differently online than in person . 
  do you those people saying `` lulz faggit '' in youtube comments say that in real life ? 
  this made me realise i 'm guilty of this . 
  convoluted healthcare system , renting houses without kitchens installed , supermarkets closing on sundays . 
  get it together germany !, 
  hi david ,, 
  do you think you 'll ever get around to publishing the whole structure of high valyrian ? 
  i have about 30 pages in a notebook full of rules , declension tables , and other musings , and i never got anywhere near a complete understanding of the grammar ( i still do n't know how adjectives work ffs . 
  they 're full of amusing notes to myself like `` what the hell is going on here ? '', 
  and `` what the hell 's the difference between predicative and adjectival pronouns !? ), 
  in the end i just got fed up and went back to the far easier task of teaching myself german , however , it 's something i 'd like to go back to one day . 
  i 'm just one of those rare oddballs who would actually learn to speak a constructed language . 
  i find it a fascinating challenge since it seems typically that such languages have beautifully logical grammatical structures that are incredibly rewarding to learn , but comparatively small lexicons ( compared with natural languages ) , which takes the tedium out of language learning . 
  it makes me cry a bit inside to see incomplete declension tables , simply because we 've never seen anyone use a 3rd declension terrestrial - i stem paucal noun in the genitive . 
  what if we want to talk about our small collection of kingdoms david ? ... 
  :( what if that happened ?!, 
  d\u0101r\u0233no ? 
  it 's just a guess . 
  thank for your work anyway , high valyrian is a beautiful language , i could spend hours figuring out how to say different things in it . 
  i just wish we knew everything that 's in that head of yours !, 
  ( i know the people of dothraki.org would feel the same ! ), 
  edit : i also dream of building my own language one day but currently i 'll stick to trying to master other people 's . 
  edit : is there any reason why the cast of got mostly do n't round the front closed vowel when speaking high valyrian on the show ? 
  was it just too hard for them or does it have a deeper significance ( like indicating how traditional high valyrian is n't used by many as a first language anymore , having split into dialects , the original forms only being used by the powerful as a lingua franca who tend to be a bit sloppy with the pronunciation ) .
