  burger and taco bros, 
  london to aberdeen is about the same distance as new york to durham north carolina . 
  i know america is big but i doubt any americans think those two are `` close '' . 
  everyone in the uk is close to london in the same sense that everyone in california is close to san jose ... 
  it 's not like everyone can nip there for an afternoon . 
  my irish friend did get annoyed when i started singing `` come out ye black and tans '' ( i 'm a brit though , if a yank did it i think it would be more offensive like they might mean it ), 
  you ca n't be british , otherwise you would n't make ridiculous claims like `` everywhere in england is less than 3 hours away from london by train . 
  '' , try getting to cumbria or northumberland from london in less than 3 hours by train , i 'll give you # 50 if you make it . 
  how long it takes by train is more to do with how close your town is to a significant city than distance anyway , there are parts of norfolk that would be hard pressed to connect to london in less than 3 hours . 
  i believe the farthest you can get from london is berwick-upon-tweed , 305 miles , and still be in england . 
  a similar distance as new york to pittsburg, 
  do n't get me wrong , munich is a fantastic beautiful place in which i 've lived and would gladly live again someday . 
  i 'm just talking about the dispositions of the people towards casual friendliness . 
  different cultural attitudes prevail . 
  bavarians are very friendly once you get in with them , they 're just not so open to casual friendliness which they are inclined to be suspicious of . 
  on the other hand people in the rhineland as much more comfortable with friendly small talk and smiles from strangers . 
  it 's no different from how people in london do n't tend to strike up a chat with someone at the bus stop but someone in small village in cambridgeshire might be more open to it . 
  also it depends on setting as well , in a festival with everyone drinking and feiern then of course people will be friendlier than if you 're in a train station during rush hour . 
  really i find the world tends to be equally friendly for the most , it 's individuals who differ in their friendliness . 
  however the friendliness people seem to notice on holiday is the really superficial stuff , which is what i was talking about , like whether the people in shops will return your smiles , whether a stranger will make pleasantries with you and so forth . 
  just like americans are friendlier than brits on average , north west germans tend to be friendlier than bavarians in this way typically . 
  you must take the one ring to the altar, 
  how long til this bot gets banned i wonder ? 
  omzg wrong boots 2/10, 
  edit : fucking hell nerds , bunch of fussy cunts ai n't you, 
  available work at reputable language schools that are n't just exploiting foreigners for cheap labour i guess . 
  i mean it 's all relative i guess . 
  i never understand when i see people thinking they 're going to get rich in asia , it 's not like that , but you can cut a living here if you 're willing to work . 
  typically you 'll need celta/tesol , and they 're not massively bothered about having graduates here since most people are aware that having a degree in something irrelevant does n't make a better teacher . 
  you do have to work freelance to start that 's for certain . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by travel from school to school , as opposed to what ? 
  working from home or living at the school ? 
  that 's just not something that really happens in europe . 
  again fight for hours i 'm not sure what that means either , filling a schedule as a freelancer does take a while but i would n't call it a fight . 
  everyone in germany has to provide health insurance for themselves , in a contract role your employer will pay half the costs and you 'll pay the other half , in a freelance role you have to pay all the costs . 
  the cost of insurance is controlled by the government , it 's not like america . 
  if you have experience there is contract work available ... 
  i did n't tend to make out like it was a bed of roses in germany , but there are certainly worse places to try to work . 
  furthermore a german english teacher would be in exactly the same position as you . 
  yes , it depends on a lot of course . 
  for example teaching business english you will have to travel to a different location for every company you are sent to ( you can , of course , take a whole afternoon of lessons at one company though if that 's available ) . 
  however , i 've never heard of anyone being asked to travel unpaid if it involves leaving the city centre . 
  rule of thumb would be that if the lesson takes place somewhere significantly farther away than the office that employs you then you should expect travel costs to be paid . 
  working for different schools is no different from working for one school really . 
  even working for one school you 'll still have to travel from your home to work . 
  do n't work for schools that you do n't want to commute to would be my answer to that , which is common sense with any job . 
  schools are not obliged to give you a set amount of hours if you freelance that is true . 
  however , you are not obliged to not go work for another school at the same time . 
  for example , i had one school that just kept offering me the 7am jobs that nobody wanted , and i just kept turning them down and taking work with other schools . 
  i did n't feel negative about that , though , i was glad they were offering even if i was n't interested . 
  there is certainly a glut of english speakers in most cities . 
  however , i would stay there is only a glut of real english teachers in berlin ( no idea about hamburg , never been ) . 
  there are definitely schools around that will just take any old native english speaker and pay them pittance , but anyone who 's actually qualified would know to avoid these kinds of crap schools . 
  such places just seem to be taking advantage of kids who want to be permanent `` travellers '' and need money for cheap rooms and food . 
  it all depends on what you expect really if you 're expecting to be paid handsomely and put money away then germany is not for you , that 's for certain . 
  however , if you are an experienced teacher and simply want to earn a living then the universities here and some of the languages schools that are based around contract work are n't bad places . 
  also , if you 're a newbie and simply want to get a bit of experience as a broke freelancer before moving on the barrier to starting work is n't that high . 
  yet in the uk it 's not like that an the fatalities are lower . 
  honestly i feel like the german system is just a money spinner . 
  first aid is definitely a good thing , but mandating number of hours needed just seems like a way to generate work for driving instructors . 
  bit of both i think . 
  was never quite sure of himself . 
  something like the 70th most selling artist in history , just one that americans could n't really understand . 
  learn to read ? 
  he did n't really fit into the us music scene at the time . 
  he was always a bit subversive imo , with some sexual innuendo and stuff in the lyrics . 
  to me his music is like that anthem of being 14 clueless and trying to slip a finger in while snogging some bird at an under 18s disco after you snuck in some out of date bacardi breezers your mate nicked from his dad 's office licence . 
  he also had a long history of substance abuse which is a bit no no if you want to break the youth media scene in the us . 
  i mean they had n-sync and we had fucking e17 talking about how great pills are . 
  youth music and adult music are much more clearly defined in the good old wholesome us of a. 
  was n't the case in the 60s and 70s of course , but certainly was in 90s . 
  i do n't see why you want to know about my personal stuff to be honest , seems like you 're just trying to cast doubt onto my opinion . 
  by real teachers i meant people who have put some considerable time and effort into becoming teachers , either celta/tesol , or a university qualification in teaching from some country , or a higher education qualification in tefl . 
  essentially not people who are just doing english teaching because they do n't want to go back to their home country . 
  to reiterate , it all depends on expectations , to me teaching is a job , it pays the bills . 
  if teaching is a career to you then maybe germany is n't the place for you unless you 're already quite advanced in your career . 
  from what i 've heard from people in these positions it 's hard work cutting a serious career teaching here . 
  on the side of things if you 're the kind who just wants to travel and thinks teaching is an easy way to support your adventures then germany is n't right for you either . 
  why only non-porn links oo ? 
  ah ok . well , i think again it 's all different depending on your level of education , experience and expectations . 
  i do n't think germany is a bad place for teachers who a ) have a qualification of the kind i already mentioned b ) are under the 5 years experience level c ) are n't trying to support a family or live an expensive lifestyle . 
  i agree that the freelancer laws in germany are not favourable , but the one good thing is does is reduce the barrier to finding work . 
  i fear that in some countries that even with celta and a non-teaching related bachelors i would 've found it impossible to get a foot in the door . 
  for people who are highly experienced and expecting to earn a salary equivalent to a school teacher then i think it 's a bad place to be . 
  likewise for people who think they can find work on the basis of being an native english speaker alone then it 's also a bad place to be . 
  i started out here and was able to find work very quickly even if it was only enough to live hand to mouth . 
  with time i was able to support what for me is an adequate lifestyle . 
  that said i have no intention of doing this forever , since i see no long term prospects in this line of work . 
  ergh . 
  gamergate was what made me take myself out of gaming `` culture '' for good . 
  turned the whole thing into this horrible shit show of political fuckery . 
  the gg side as its fair share of fuckwits , but when it seemed like the whole `` gaming journalism '' world took up arms against them it was a sign that this is a world entirely populated by pathetic fuckwits . 
  remember when gaming was about games ? 
  not fucking feminism , lgbt rights , or any other fucking shit that is completely irrelevant to playing video games : / sure there were probably some misogynists in gaming , there always has been , but then did n't define the culture . 
  the fact that the pro and anti gg shitshow exists just brings normal people one step closer to losing all faith in humanity altogether . 
  the anti-gg claim that it 's about gaming growing up , if anything it 's exposed a bunch of sad anti-social fucking immature losers lie at the core of gaming media . 
  i used to think the non-gamers who scoffed at gaming and its culture as for kids and the socially deficient were judgmental arseholes , now i think they were right all along . 
  pro-gg , anti-gg , i do n't even give a shit anymore , just stay away from me before i become infected with whatever is turning you into these subhuman freaks . 
  actually , it was part of a british mind programming programme , squaddies were told that they were going to bielefeld , in fact they were inserted into a simulation ran in a rural part of nrw , programmed to believe they were stations near to an imaginary town called bielefeld . 
  well , people can respond however they feel .
