  if the eu wants to move towards federalisation , and provide a mechanism by which the eu can overrule the decision of the parliaments of the member states , then we would have no doubt have had a referendum on whether to join that , as will every nation . 
  leave supporters have convinced themselves that our sovereignty is gone . 
  it 's a load of fucking bullshit . 
  you talk about being not having `` no outlet anymore for passions like pride , national sentiment , the thirst for glory , courage , adventure , etc. . . '' , and i agree with that being true , but personally i strongly believe it 's a good thing . 
  first off , these are all things that have shown to be dangerous and to not be beneficial to a healthy society that just wants to get on in the world and ensure the most people possible can live as fulfilling lives as they can . 
  secondly , it seems to me that it 's the leave supporters who are projecting things like adventure and courage onto their actions when in fact their actions are nothing of the sort . 
  it fills that hole in people 's peaceful existence to imagine the eu is the terrible undemocratic outside force sapping away at the nations freedom , or to imagine there 's legions of romanians and poles infiltrating the country taking what rightfully belongs the british working class . 
  it gives people that outside enemy that primitive human psychology craves , the us and them mentality , it gives form to problems people face , allows them to point at something tangible and say that 's what 's going wrong . 
  the leave mentality taps directly into the most primitive parts of the mind and provides people the assurance that brings . 
  the problem is that these thing are unhealthy , they belong to a past where nations constantly worked to undo each other , and it harmed everyone , especially the poorest people who were the ones most inundated with patriotic propaganda and emotional narrative in lieu of actual change for the better . 
  in reality all the uk is going to get out of this is a recession . 
  there will still be immigrants , there will still be terrible politicians fucking over the poor , nothing will really change , the government was n't even able to reduce non-eu immigration despite pledging to and they wo n't be able to stop it now , it benefits us too much , and this is why people are so upset about the economy , because it was by far the best reason to stay in the eu , and all the other issues like immigrants lowering wages and stressing government services , sovereignty being lost to brussels , eu regulation damaging british businesses , were all in the imagination of the less realistic portion of the british population . 
   to continue developing somewhat my point : i have been rereading my classic dystopias lately , in particular 1984 and brave new world . 
  you should take your time to read the passages with o'brien and winston , and mustapha mond and john the savage respectively . 
  and compare to our current societies , in particular in europe . 
  you are literally living in a fantasy . 
  you are projecting this narrative onto reality because you like how it feels . 
   we take impressive doses of medication . 
  no we do n't , the government does not promote drugs , people take medication because they are ill in some respect . 
  yes more people take anti-depressants than previous decades , but fewer people commit suicide too . 
   we have our daily dose of hatred on the news , be it against erdogan , putin ( definitely a favorite ) , farage , johnson , you name it . 
  and if you do n't join in in the hate hysteria , you 're looked at suspiciously . 
  `` what ?!, 
  you are a putinversteher ! '', 
  ( two minutes hate ), 
  you mean the murdoch owned media that supported the brexit ? 
   we have impressive quantities of distraction : netflix , internet , tv , movies , etc. . . ( think the feelies ), 
  oh god , not entertainment !, 
  how awful . 
  people have been going to the cinema since before ww1 . 
  this is not something new . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it whatsoever . 
  every generation thinks the entertainment of the younger generation coming through is inherently corrupting , and every generation is proved wrong . 
   look up what brave new world has to say about this . 
  can you place yourself in the vantage point of john the savage who is horrified by the meaningless relationships between people ? 
  i know that the first time i read bnw , i was horrified by the extent to which i was not horrified . 
  it just showed how far down the path of that dystopia we had gone . 
  and i feel we are even further down now . 
  again , you 're projecting your personal feelings onto reality very hard . 
  most people do not feel that love in modern society is devalued , are you going to tell everyone they 're wrong ? 
  or are you humble enough to question whether you 're seeing things correctly . 
  you 're just another intellectually immature individual projecting your own personal heroic narrative onto the world i 'm afraid . 
  with yourself as the main character , a voice of reason in a sea of perverted truth , the champion of lost values in a world gone wrong . 
  it 's a nice picture , and it makes for great novels , but it 's not the world we live in . 
  some people grow out of this in adulthood , but many do n't , seems like are yet to yourself . 
  if you want to live your life with this mentality then i see no problem with that , the problem is when it 's allowed to affect other people , people should no have to pay more for food and jobs , lose their jobs , or see their savings devalued because your psychological need to project a narrative on the world . 
  except that 's not actually happening , you 've just deluded yourself that it is so you can feel righteous about it . 
  the eu is not a federalised superstate taking your rights , it a was a good way for individual sovereign nations to work together . 
  you live in a dreamworld because you obviously do n't like the banality of reality . 
  i 'd take banality with a good economy over interesting times full of hardships any day , but evidently you do n't feel the same . 
  yeah . 
  i was part of a rugby club once , i had to pay 20 quid a month membership fees . 
  it was a great little club close to the town centre , they had a state of the art gym you could use , and a nice bar with pool tables , darts , and table football . 
  i work as a plumber for a living , and the rugby club was great for me , i met tonnes of local people there and every week or so i 'd get a request from someone wanting a new bathroom fitted or a call off someone with a broken pipe or toilet that was n't flushing properly . 
  it was great for me , and because i had a good reputation as plumber and a decent guy i barely ever paid for a drink there because everyone was thankful for my being around . 
  one day , i decided to quit the club , can you believe my outrage when they said that i could n't use the gym any more , that i was no longer a member of the darts team , that i could n't park my van in the car park while i went shopping in town ? 
  even worse , they told me that i ca n't hang around in the bar any more if i 'm not a member !, 
  i told them that if i 'm not around the bar then my livelihood is at risk because people have stopped calling me up with plumbing work as often , they said that they did n't care and that if i wanted that business i should have remained a member !, 
  what an nasty rugby club !, 
  i told them i did n't want to be a member of a club that punishes members for leaving !, 
  yes and no . 
  i 've lived in germany for a while now and i 'm still shocked by the differences and similarities , it 's not all as you 'd expect . 
  that said , i do acknowledge that the two countries have more in common than the majority of nations do . 
  i 'm out the country and hoping to avoid it that way . 
  they were misinformed . 
  i say have another referendum with no campaign , just information out lining the plan if we leave , and the plan if we do n't . 
  there 's nothing undemocratic about doing a referendum again , it 's more democratic if anything . 
  the key reasons people left were , power over our own laws , controls on immigration and more money for government services . 
  the reality is looking like if we leave we get either :, 
  partial powers over our laws , continued freedom of movement , less money for government services due to austerity, 
  complete power over our own laws , no freedom of movement , even fucking less money for the nhs , schools etc. 
  even more austerity and tax hikes . 
  if we 'd had a sensible referendum with realistic options saying :, 
  leave eu and eea and implement austerity measures , raise tax and inflation, 
  leave eu but remain eea , freedom of movement continues , continue to follow eu law , gain some freedoms , implement austerity measures , raise tax and inflation . 
  stay in the eu : no change, 
  how do you think the majority would have voted ? 
  oh yes , because things are just so awful with the economy growing faster than any other eu country . 
  you leavers are a bunch of tarts . 
  almost all things that ironically the uk government want , but yeah let 's blame the eu itself for that . 
  the uk government does n't veto a lot of that shit because it wants that shit . 
  ttip is good of the economy , ceta is good for the economy , the ports directive was good for the economy , and ironically the push towards nationalised ports would 've benefited more ordinary people than it disadvantaged them . 
  bailouts are definitely good for the economy , nobody wants a run on the banks , economic chaos and drastic economic action behalf of the central banks , mass job losses and so forth . 
  i hear so much shit from the leave side about `` elites '' or whatever , it 's bordering on conspiracy theories . 
  i find it ironic , a person whose politics lies somewhat left of centre , has to defend the economy to many tory and ukip voters . 
  as much as i want a fairer form of capitalism that, 
  these people totally fail to look at the macro and instead think selfishly about yourselves . 
  then you fail to demarcate the political issues you foresee from their actual causes . 
  think about ttip for example . 
  i personally have issues to the ttip . 
  however , just because it 's an eu level piece of legislation does n't mean i blame the eu . 
  it 's the governments of the member states that want it , and i can also see why . 
  trade agreements entail economic growth . 
  just because there 's problems with it does n't mean it 's evil , it has good sides to it as well . 
  so many leavers seem to fundamentally fail to understand that government is n't evil and trying to rob you . 
  it 's looking at a very different picture than you are . 
  the economy does ultimately benefit ordinary people , even if there are people who try to steal from society along the way . 
  because of your ignoble anger towards the government we 'll now be in exactly the same place , with all the problems that arise from things like the ttip , but outside the eu and suffering economically for it . 
  in fact if we have to side a new deal with america to fix our market expect it to be far worse than the ttip . 
  nothing has really changed , the bastards who run the country will behave exactly the same , in fact without the eu hindering any drastic change expect worse than what we 've had before .
