  soft brexit is pretty much an inevitability . 
  are you still believing that johnson 's and farage 's promises are going to come true ? 
  i think you 're the poor lad here . 
  absolutely , essentially what i believe happened is that in the early 2000s there was a steady but modest growth in uk grown cannabis being produced . 
  this was no doubt facilitated by the reclassification of the drug to class c in 2001 , encouraging many more small time criminals to get involved with production . 
  2004 was the tipping point at which the prices for weed actually got too low . 
  importers from mainland europe , and further afield in places like pakistan , vietnam and russia , stopped seeing the same returns as they used to . 
  forced to sell their product at low prices to compete with local `` high grade '' which was massively in demand amongst the dealers and punters further down the chain , they simply were n't making to enough to make it worth their time . 
  these were days when if a eighth was a few 10th of a gram under then customers would turn their nose up and go to the next guy . 
  in response to these low prices the importers , who were mostly gangsters in immigrant communities , either exited the market or deliberately cut off supply temporarily in hoping to see the price surge . 
  this probably did n't happen consciously , but just coincided roughly . 
  however the impact of supply not reaching demand was not felt immediately , but built up steadily , and delayed by the fact that were `` weed reserves '' in the country that were slowly dwindling and not being replenished , which nobody was really noticing at the time . 
  in an illegal market like cannabis it 's very hard to see what 's happening , because it 's not like you can check on your competitors and see if they 're facing the same problems . 
  like so many economic and market effects the impact of multiple changing conditions is felt all are once rather than gradually over time , usually at the point when people become cognisant of them . 
  suddenly everyone collectively realised supply was n't meeting demand and every market actor , from the suppliers to the consumers , changed their behaviour , leading to raised prices , people `` banking '' weed to see only to a select network rather than to anyone . 
  if you think about it , if i 'm a weed dealer , and i have 20kgs in my garage , but it becomes apparent the source has been cut off and i have no certainty that i 'll readily be able to get more , why would i sell 5kg to another dealer at a modest profit when i could sell it in smaller amounts myself , making a much larger margin and taking advantage of the market scarcity to push profits even higher . 
  it 's simple economics that leads to the whole supply chain collapsing overnight . 
  this resulted in the drought which forced supply to meet demand and transitioned the uk to a mostly home grown weed supply , and also allowed importers to reenter that market , albeit with a smaller market share , and sell their lower quality product at the new inflated prices . 
  a similar thing happened with ecstasy pills around the same time . 
  the prices imply got too low , 50p - # 1 a pill just was n't a market worth chasing , which led the flow of good quality pills into the country drying up , which in turn led to lots of low quality often fake pills produced in the uk being produced to try fill the gap in supply and meet demand , which in turn turned lots of people away from pills completely . 
  some genius then decided a rebrand was in order and then started selling exactly the same product but in powder form at the new price of # 40 a gram ( matching the price of street coke at the time ) , under the name mandy or mdma . 
  this was obviously hugely profitable for someone since , 1g mdma is barely enough to make 10 decent pills , and does n't require fucking around with pill presses ( which are tightly regulated ) , so it 's the same as if people were paying # 4-5 a pill . 
  which it almost certainly will if the political good faith continues , the arguments that the eu is on the brink being nothing but typical daily mail scaremongering . 
  no aston university is just north of the centre , lodged between the centre proper and some of the worst parts of the entire city . 
  if you cross the main road travelling out of the city near the university you 're in some of the most ghetto parts of the city . 
  what exactly is your knowledge of the city anyway ? 
  where in birmingham did you live ? 
  i lived there for 25 years and the city has improved vastly , the streets are clean , there 's always homeless but they 're no hanging out in train stations or cluttering up the place . 
  it 's gone from drab and decaying to a massive retail centre with diverse nightlife and food scene . 
  sounds like you have a really negative view of the place . 
  sorry it seemed to shitty to you but there are plenty of great places in birmingham , especially in the south half , and i 've lived all over europe and uk , birmingham definitely rates as one of my favourite even if it does n't compare to big hubs like london or berlin for sheer possibilities . 
  i know nothing about edmonton except it one of the richest cities in canada which makes it like comparing apples and traffic lights . 
  i 'm sorry but you 've misinterpreted what the arrows on the roundabouts mean . 
  a straight arrow means that that lane is to be used for going straight over or further around the round about . 
  in other words it means that this lane is not for going left . 
  an arrow that points to the left ( typically on left hand lanes ) means that that lane is only for going left . 
  an arrow that points both left and straight forward ( typically found in the left hand lanes of all regular multi-lane roundabouts ) means that that lane is for either going left or going straight ( and potentially for going further around the roundabout , although this is n't guaranteed as it will depend on the signage further round the roundabout ) . 
  you seem to think that the straight arrow means that cars going straight over must be in that lane and that if you 're in that lane then and wo n't need to cross the left hand lane traffic to go straight over . 
  in other words , you think that the straight arrow means that this lane is the only lane for going straight . 
  this simply is n't true . 
  this is not what the sign means at all . 
  all a straight arrow means is that this is a lane from which is possible to go straight over ( and probably further round ) . 
  this might involve crossing a lane of traffic or it might not , this arrow is not meant to indicate whether that is necessary or not , it is assumed that lane crossing is possible ( but obviously heavy traffic can fuck this up and make you have to go around again or push in ) . 
  if you want to know if you 're going to have to cross traffic to go straight over from that lane then you should be looking at the signage in the lane ( s ) to the left of it . 
  if they show only a left pointing arrow then you know that if you want to go straight over then you should n't be in that lane . 
  the presence of this left pointing arrow however does n't guarantee that you wo n't have to cross a lane , because the round about may well be 2 lanes all the way around and traffic will also be joining from the left , but in this situation you do n't have a choice . 
  however if they show both a left pointing arrow and a straight pointing arrow then you know that 's the lane you want for going straight forward if you want to avoid having to cross a lane of traffic . 
  simply put , a straight arrow means nothing more than `` not left '' . 
  crossing a lane in a multi-lane round about is an expected and legal manoeuvre . 
  if you approach a 4 exit 2 lane roundabout , and need to turn right ( 3rd exit ) then if you 're driving correctly then you should be changing lane every time after you pass the 2nd exit . 
  the traffic coming onto the roundabout from the direction that is directly opposite to the road on which you entered and who are turning left will be using the left lane to turn left ( taking them down the same road you are headed for ) , however that should n't be a problem because they should be giving way to you regardless of which lane you 're coming around the roundabout in . 
  you can also use your indicators to warn cars that you 're expecting to come off at the next junction/changing lane by switching your indicators to the other side ( something that most people never seem to do sadly , even though it 's expected in the driving test ) . 
  you have right of way over everyone who is not yet already on the roundabout , and nobody should be undertaking you on a roundabout either . 
  this is simply how roundabouts work . 
  the only rule really is that right turners should not be in the leftmost lane ( unless signed otherwise ) . 
  there is no rule that states only left turners must be in the left lane . 
  there is no rule that says a straight or right arrow means you wo n't need to cross traffic to get there , nor is there a rule that states there 's anything wrong with crossing a lane on a roundabout , it 's a necessary manoeuvre sometimes . 
  all other behaviours are dictated by the signage . 
  i take the approach of always being in the leftmost lane it is possible to take . 
  usually this is the left lane for both going left and for going straight over . 
  if i am turning right and know that i 'm in the only valid lane ( coming from my direction ) for doing so then i immediately switch indicator and change lanes as i pass the point where is it would be possible to take the exit before the one i need . 
  done early enough this should discourage any drivers coming from the road i am passing ( the ones trying to join the roundabout from what is to me the 2nd exit ) from pulling in front of me . 
  if they do pull in front of me in this situation they will be at fault since they are expected to give way to traffic coming around the roundabout , and the fact that i switched lanes or am switching lanes has no bearing on this . 
  the only danger here i guess is if someone coming from the first exit i pass wanting wanting to go straight over pulls up alongside me into the left lane and blocks me , but , one , that would be bad driving on their behalf ( they should give way to all traffic coming round regardless of their lane ) , two , rules are never a substitute for checking your mirrors and being aware of your environment . 
  no , that is completely untrue . 
  whether or not the left most lane can be used for only left turns or for left turns and going straight over is dictated by the signage . 
  absolutely not . 
  banks are a huge portion of the uk economy is made up by these banks . 
  if they get into bad trouble we 'll be in financial ruin in this country . 
  despite what many people believe the most of the time banks do a good job at selling useful services to people and make us richer for it , especially to people who do n't live in britain . 
  boom and bust are inevitable but normally these are nowhere near as bad as the 2007 crisis , which was a global fuck up , not merely at the feet of the uk banks . 
  having government control finance is a terrible idea , they are very bad at it , and have to worry about popularity in elections , it 's just unthinkable . 
  even very socialist countries leave this to the private sector ( unless they 're communist ) , the government simply regulates the banks more heavily in regard to risk and splitting up debts ( think building society ) . 
  the downside is that doing this too much stops banks being competitive internationally , so they do n't bring much money into the country . 
  the countries that do this most heavily typically run an export surplus , bringing money in , but the uk runs a deficit . 
  the banks are hugely important for bringing money into the uk . 
  the only thing that would bring down house prices that low would be a nigh on apocalyptic recession ( think great depression ) . 
  investment drives prices , not just what mr. average can afford for this semi detached family home . 
  the uk would have to be in a total state for investment to dry up so badly as to allow prices to be that low . 
  brexiteers are literally turkeys voting for christmas , if the banking sector took a serious knock it could mean some of the worst times economically since the 70s and 80s . 
  a hard brexit scenario is a bit like burning down your house to fix your roof . 
  the sensible course of action is to support the banks , while simultaneously pushing the government to risk proof the economy more thoroughly and protect the savings of british people . 
  we want the banks to keep making money , we justt have to do our best to ensure they 're making good money , and not the kind of bad money that results in a bubble . 
  while up turns and down turns are inevitable in any economic system , there are definitely ways to mitigate the damage while keeping the banking sector competitive . 
  throwing the baby out with the bath water by sabotaging our own banking sector is just madness . 
  edit : i also add that the fact that the average price seems so high has absolutely nothing to do with the absolute number of pounds it costs to buy a house . 
  all that matters is that relationship of that average house price the average income ( accounting for unemployment , wealth distribution etc ) . 
  oh and just want to point out that the price of houses does n't really matter . 
  what really matters is x relative to y. x = the average cost of houses ( taking into account geographic distribution and a few other factors ) . 
  y = the average household income ( accounting for wealth distribution , unemployment etc. ), 
  the difference with the boomers was simply that they commanded more money relative to property values . 
  what you have to realise is that the purchasing power of the average brit has n't increased for over 30 years , whereas property prices have skyrocketed relatively . 
  housing has finite scarcity , it becomes progressively harder and more expensive to build house where people want to live , the jobs are mostly in developed areas , and house in areas with no jobs do n't make much money . 
  now the government could take measures to push the income of britons up across the board , but this would push house prices up as well , as well as making uk exports more expensive globally , shrinking sales , making the country even more dependent on import . 
  it 's not a situation that can be solved easily . 
  hmm this is a hard topic , but i think there is a far more simple solution organisational solution , and that is only allow most women to perform roles in organisations that they can perform equivalent to a man . 
  for example , in driving , in bureaucratic work , or whatever other task a physical service like this requires . 
  that 's not to say women should be locked out of other roles , only that they they should only be eligible for those roles if they can show ability equivalent to a man , which obviously only a small minority of women will be eligible for when it comes to certain high stakes physical roles . 
  the only real danger is that you lower standards for those roles requiring physical strength for women and thus weaken the overall standard of the force . 
  as for pay , it should n't be seen as a problem with the difference in pay between men and women , but as an issue of the difference in pay between those roles that involve more risk .
