  even something like buying a burger in a fast food restaurant becomes infinitely more complicated as a watch people fuck around , not having their money or cards ready . 
  it 's so irreducibly british , but it 's not at all something to be proud of , but people are proud nonetheless . 
  proud for some completely inexplicable reasons , proud because they 've never compared themselves to other nations particularly asides maybe the us , proud because their culture has told them that they 're from the greatest empire that ever covered the earth 100 years ago . 
  all in all it 's a bit embarrassing and depressing . 
  when i enter the uk it 's like leaving the world were logic and rationality are the primary weapons for discussion and conflict resolution , and entering a world where only authority , sophistry , gestures , hysteria and failing that , violence , become the primary currencies of social exchange . 
   per 45 minute lesson, 
  30 lessons = 22.5 hours, 
  point is that as a freelancer in germany you really need to earn $ 500 a week to have a decent standard of living . 
  of $ 2000 you can get rid of $ 400 in pension , $ 450 in insurance , $ 500 on bills , leaving you only $ 650 a month to live your life . 
  the system is incredibly harsh to those who come from outside of it . 
  that 's the thing i do n't dislike the working class at all , i just thoroughly dislike the mentality often pervades , although not exclusively , amongst the british urban working class in 2016 . 
  pretty much every other country is capable of having a debate . 
  we do n't debate any more in the uk , the assumption that agreement is always possible is gone . 
  go anywhere , but particularly germany , austria , the nordic countries , even france , and you 'll find people still engage with each other . 
  britons do n't have disagreements that can be settled with careful consideration , they have conflicts which are resolved by either dismissing the other person 's view outright or with violence . 
  having a healthy debate about a meaingful topic that does n't devolve into sneering glances across the dinner table or a good old punch up is as un-british as it gets . 
  hell , even the french do n't feel the need to shy away from politics at the dinner table . 
  if i 'm a snob , i 'm snob towards the english , at all levels of society , and not towards the working class . 
  yes living abroad as made the absurdities of british culture in the 21th century woefully apparent . 
  the uk leads europe in the number of entitled , uneducated , angry people by far . 
  i live in the rhine-ruhr region and it 's very historically working class , and still has vast numbers of people working in manufacturing and earnings below the german average , yet the mentality is here is vastly superior and it is a working class mentality . 
  being working class does n't mean taking pride in being brash and ignorant here . 
  it means working and getting on with life with a live and let live mentality . 
  rhineland part of germany . 
   i am really pleased i did not have to learn english as a foreign language , because it is so irregular in grammar , spelling and pronunciation , and so varied in accent it 's really hard to be expert unless you are a native speaker . 
  i think that 's untrue . 
  chinese has dialects that are barely mutually intelligible , they 're more like dutch and german or even spanish and italian . 
  russian has 8 noun cases . 
  german has 3 genders . 
  english is n't easy but very few languages are . 
  is that meant to be ironic ? 
  i 've literally just explained that britons do n't engage with each other any more and your solution is to call me a cunt . 
  seems about right . 
  i do n't agree with you so i 'm a cunt . 
  i do n't fawningly praise britain so i 'm a cunt . 
  i 'm just telling you my impressions . 
  when i 'm in the uk i get the feeling there 's something something very wrong with our culture , whereas in much of europe i get the feeling there is n't . 
  i go out in my hometown and the people are often crass and nasty , the nice ones who are n't are surrounded by those who are . 
  there are certainly dickheads in other countries , but in britain it seems like the only place where they 're respected . 
  when i go to family events or family friends i find many of the people 's bourgeois detachment from the rest of society abhorrent . 
  do you want me to go on ? 
  i ca n't exactly help feeling how i feel . 
  if feeling that ways makes me a cunt then i 'm a cunt . 
  well of course it depends on a lot of things . 
  i know some teachers who are on $ 5000 a month here . 
  so there 's money to be made . 
  i also know some people on contracts who earn $ 900 a month after pensions and insurance and that has to cover rent and living costs . 
  the cost of living is n't that bad $ 400-500 for a small flat , but $ 400 a month spare is n't exactly living life , it 's about enough to eat and buy consumable , with about 20 euros a week to spend on beer . 
  it 's the same as a german fastfood worker really . 
  it depends a lot on qualifications , experience , and networking . 
  these are the three factors that will determine you job here . 
  once you work yourself a good niche and good connections it can be very profitable, 
  no , `` the working class '' is n't limited to britain . 
  i have no problem with the working class . 
  i dislike many elements of british society at all levels , including the modern british working class mentality ( which is in many ways anti-working class ) . 
  not the same thing at all . 
  to be fair when i lived in britain i was the same . 
  i was highly critical of the country but deep down harboured a strong attachment to it and believed that because it was still better than the average country and therefore criticism should be constrained . 
  if foreigners criticised it then i 'd be defensive even if i agreed with them to some degree . 
  living outside the country has detached me from all that . 
  i do n't even consider myself anti-patriotic but i do feel like the uk is kind of a fucked up place in comparison . 
  britain has good attributes as well and is a decent country compared to most of the world . 
  however , i spent my first 25 years living in a rough part of middle england , that was the norm for me . 
  leaving the uk has been peace of mind for me , realising that the world does n't have to be that way is really nice . 
  i love how decently people treat one another for the most part here , and in many ways i feel more at home in this culture than i did in the uk where things just did n't make sense to me and people seemed to be so crazy all the time ( for example office relations felt like a constant battle for domination in the uk , whereas here the rules are pretty much `` do an ok job and maintain your personal hygiene and we 'll leave you to it '' ) . 
  that 's just how i feel . 
  i 'm not trying to be anti-british but i do believe the uk has a cultural sickness that makes living away from it just soo much more relaxing and trouble free . 
  i mean this is kind of like trying to fit 30 years life experience in a single post , but in my experience the working class culture in the uk is brutal , with tonnes of people with bad attitudes and even those who relish in how little they care about anyone but themselves and their own . 
  the working class is dominated by these `` characters '' , even if they are n't the majority , and many people live in fear of upsetting these types as just part of normal life . 
  for those types ignorance is a weapon , what people say is irrelevant , one rule for me and one rule for you , real will to power stuff . 
  the middle classes are abhorrently detached from the working classes , and avoid them as much as possible because they do n't want to have to deal with them , and what interaction they do have is somewhat patronising on both sides . 
  the upper classes are somehow still relevant despite being 100 years out of date , and make up a disproportionate part of the political class . 
  outside the uk people look at this and are just bewildered , they wonder how our country even functions with such a divided people in conflict in so many ways , and having been outside of it for a while i feel the same way . 
  maybe it 's my experience , but i was n't a particularly bad kid , and in my youth i was beaten up a number of times . 
  violence was considered a normal part of life . 
  i watched 15 year drug dealers make death threats to one another , i went to parties where phones , coats , and games consoles regularly went missing . 
  egomaniacs were everywhere , it was almost encouraged as it made you jack the lad . 
  as an adult it calmed down a bit , but the culture started to judge everyone materially . 
  designer clothes , leased cars , projecting your wealth to everyone you meet , not doing this made you an outsider . 
  groups of brickies and electricians sitting pubs , are they talking about working rights and pay rises ? 
  no , they 're boasting about how they did a 50 hour working week and earnt a few grand , half of it cash in hand . 
  macho blokes with designer shirts standing in kitsch nightclubs trying to pull drunk girls with orange faces is just the norm in my hometown . 
  i know everywhere in the uk is n't like this , but a lot of it is . 
  what 's the alternative , be middle class like the other half the community and keep away from working class types in a little bubble of english nostalgia for the past and the pretence of high standards ? 
  no thanks . 
  the middle classes may be decent to one another for the most , although they 're highly judgemental , but they are huge hypocrites and contribute to the problem through their distancing themselves from the rest of society . 
  the culture in other parts of the world is just a lot healthier , open societies that engage with one another and take a civic interest . 
  open people willing to consider anyone 's opinion before they pigeon whole them into a box . 
  an englishman can hardly open his mouth without making another englishman despise him , and it 's bloody true , english society feels like the war of all against all compared to much of europe . 
  well it would just mean that new teachers looking to teach in the eu would be on an even keel , whether british , americans , or australian . 
  but yes , such an affect would be practically negligible , which is why it 's so important for teachers who want work in the eu get up and do it rather than pinning their hopes on brexit . 
  to be fair , americans have the whole of america to access for work , achieving that as a briton is ever harder than it is for many americans to access many european labour markets . 
  for example , it 's still easier for an american to live and work in germany than it is for a briton to live and work in america . 
  although i would say that in the us you do have to live with yourself knowing that while you have it good there 's a neighbourhood down the road with poverty beyond what happens in most countries , or a city a few hundred miles away with a murder rate equivalent worse than many cities in developing nations . 
  when you get health care you have to be aware there 's someone suffering what you 're suffering but without access to treatment . 
  that 's the worst thing about the us imo . 
  for a large number of fortunate people the us is a very nice place to live . 
  not just the lucky few , but everyone who is afforded a decent job and a decent shot at life . 
  however , you 'll always been in that rarefied atmosphere that closes out the worst of society . 
  you 'll always live knowing that it 's this way for you but part of your country is suffering at a level unprecedented in much of the west .
