  seems to me that it would be favourable to just take the vote away from anyone over 75 than what you 're suggesting , and both solutions seem dramatic to say the least . 
   how is this disproportionate ? 
  if anything its closer to the 1 person 1 vote system, 
  but it 's not 1 person 1 vote . 
  it 's most people 1 vote , some people 2 votes , and some people 0 votes . 
  you can phrase as merely `` directing '' their vote , but the result is ultimately the same , adults with a child influence the outcome twice as much as those without . 
  and people who have giant families have a whole lot more influence if you 're going to get one vote per child . 
  long term it 's a lack of balance , because despite what you think about parents voting on behalf of their child , what is really happening is that parents are influencing the economy twice as much as childless types and others . 
  30 years from now we 'd be having the opposite problem with parents over influencing political outcomes against the childless . 
  i 'm sure it would have some short term gains but long term it would be just as problematic . 
  definitely an interesting political thought experiment but no something i 'd want to risk . 
  i 'll add i do n't have anything against political correctness or social justice really , i just think they have dominated the discourse in isolated the working class . 
  those ideas have many fair points , but they ca n't be at the expense of a populist leftist argument that aims to improve earnings for the average person . 
   he vast majority of the problems white working class males face in the modern world is largely down to their hostility to anything intellectual or middle class . 
  well i do n't think that argument is without grounds but i think it 's a bit dangerous to lay this at their feet . 
  there is definitely a fair argument for the idea that the ladder has been pulled up on such demographics and it 's society responsibility to act in a way as to resolve such problems . 
  certainly this generation of young people suffer from a certain degree of negative projection from other demographics and have entered the workforce at a less than ideal time . 
   yeah , again because they are twice as affected ? 
  can you explain to me why this would be a bad idea economically ? 
  they are n't twice as affected though . 
  just because some is in your care as a child does not make you twice as affected . 
  you ca n't buy someone 's vote , so why should it default to you just because you are financially responsible for the child . 
  long term the consequences are unknowable , it 's untested , but there are clearly ways it could go wrong e.g no mandate for new cheap housing as homeowners influence even more than they do . 
  the normal reaction would to be vote to the left to ensure that wealth moves down to the people struggling . 
  many of those people struggling are n't doing that because they see labour as they party of the `` other '' . 
  lots of people see labour as the party of minorities , benefit recipients , and progressives . 
  it has become the party of the incapable and downtrodden . 
  ordinary white working class people do n't see themselves as incapable or downtrodden , they do n't qualify for benefits , they are not seen as suffering from discrimination . 
  thus they swing to the right as the right claims to look after their interests more than labour , who they see as just wanting to raise tax and give it all to the unemployed , disabled , elderly , ethnic minorities etc. 
  but not to ordinary white working class workers who simply want to see better pay so their lives can be more comfortable . 
  it 's self-interest , and there 's nothing wrong with it , and they 're sick of it being suggested they 're bad people for wanting more money to live their lives rather than only caring about provision for those who ca n't help themselves . 
  you 'll find it comes back pretty quick if you set your mind to it . 
  that 's such a bullshit interpretation of men 's behaviour for the most part , as propagated by tumblr and co. 
  the reason guys do n't make their intentions clear is because they 're insecure and not very good as seeing it from the girl 's perspective . 
  they 're more afraid of rejection and/or being labelled a creep if they act forthright , so they just keep things platonic hoping that eventually the girl will cotton on and reciprocate eventually , which does n't happen the majority of the time , not merely because the girl does n't know they how feel a lot of the time , but also because not many girls feel that starting a relationship this way is particularly romantic as the guy has already shown they 're too insecure to be upfront about their feelings . 
  the clich\u00e9 entitled `` nice guy '' who whines that a girl is n't having sex with him simply because he 's spent time with her and been `` nice '' is just that , an exaggerated clich\u00e9 that only really applies to a minority of guys that act this way . 
  not point reading malice into what can easily be explained by emotional insecurity and feelings of inadequacy . 
  not every guy who acts this way is an entitled neckbeard who thinks he can bff his way into a girls pants . 
  the reason women do this is not passive aggressive on the most part . 
  the reason they do it is because they 're very aware of men 's egos and not wanting to burst them , which might cause a guy to flip out and decide they 're mean and thus a bitch . 
  what they do instead is drop hints such as `` you 're like a brother to me '' , `` you 're such a great friend '' etc. 
  in the hope that the guy will get the message without there being a confrontation . 
  sadly , besotted guys tend to lose their objectivity and choose to believe what they want rather than deal with the reality that the girl is n't interested and that the window to starting a romantic relationship has closed . 
  very hard to know this to be honest . 
  people 's feeling can be very hurt by rejection . 
  worst case scenario the guy flips out and acts aggressively ( and these guys might be easier to spot ) , but also there are other outcomes such as the guy saying it 's fine and then later bad mouthing the girl behind her back to his or her friends . 
  another common outcome is that the guy just stops being the girl 's friend , which can hurt on both sides as the girl then feels like the guy did n't really have any interest in her other than as a potential romantic partner . 
  a girl might like a guy as a friend , and want to keep him as a friend , but also want to reject his romantic intentions . 
  from the guy 's perspective it might seem impossible for them to be friends with the girl given his romantic interest , but from the girl 's perspective the ideal outcome is that the guy loses his romantic interest and maintains the friendship . 
  a emotionally mature guy could be able to do this , but a lot of guys ca n't handle it and need to break contact for a significant time ( if not forever ) if they are going to lose their feelings of attraction . 
  arguably women , who are typically more emotionally mature and willing to address their emotions rather than ignore them , overestimate guys ' ability to work through their emotions and stop being besotted with her by not simply shutting down guys the moment it becomes clear to them that the guy is interested and that she is not . 
  you ca n't have perfect knowledge of someone 's personality , only a vague picture that you hope is correct , if it were as obvious as you 're suggesting you would n't have cases where seemingly good people are found out to be murders , rapists and/or paedophiles would you ? 
  you suggestion that girl 's `` figure out '' who is an arsehole is presuming too much ability to know who is legitimately a nice person and who 's just acting that way . 
  the world is n't black and white either , there are n't just nice people and bad people , rather a spectrum , and plenty of people are nice when it suits them , and otherwise can be kinda dicks . 
  many people who consider themselves `` nice people '' are like this , and are unwilling or unable to acknowledge that they have they have a selfish , self-justifying side too , and do n't recognise that if a girl rejects them they may be a bit of a dick about it , even if they 're not full on psycho nasty . 
  over simplistic analysis really , depends what you mean by friendzone . 
  the friendzone definitely does exist insofar as there are plenty of guys who end up being friends with girls they 're attracted to and then just hopelessly holding out hoping she 'll decide she wants him as a romantic partner . 
  also becoming more attractive wo n't get a girl you 're friends with to suddenly want to have sex with you for the most part , as that ship has already sailed . 
  the best way to avoid the `` friendzone '' is to become more emotionally mature , deal with your insecurities , and be forthcoming with your interest and feelings to women . 
  this way you either get rejected or discover your mutual interest at the appropriate time . 
  getting more attractive will increase the number of women with mutual interest , but it wo n't actually mean you grow up enough to realise what 's going on when your befriend a girl you actually like . 
  i 'd be careful with that logic . 
  it 's very rarely the case that a woman actually tries to manipulate a guy she knows is besotted with her simply for reasons of self-interest . 
  you have to work very hard to see it from her point of view . 
  often it 's simply because they genuinely like having you as a friend . 
  lots of women desire company and social support most of all , and generally in society when someone offers you that freely you take it and do n't burden yourself questioning whether they have an ulterior motive , and generally people who have ulterior motives are deemed to be in the wrong . 
  remember she 's a human being with a mind , emotions , and natural inclination towards self-interest exactly the same as you . 
  it does n't make that much sense for her to refuse the attention and support you 've been freely offering , even if she knows if you have a romantic interest . 
  the ideal outcome for her would be that you overcome your feelings and remain friends with her . 
  that mature solution would be to have a cooling off phase ( you do n't even have to tell her this ) and simply hang out with different people until you 've found someone else who interests you , and the maintain a more normal and healthy friendship . 
  that said , that can be hard if you 're totally besotted and unable to be objective , so the harsher solution to just to more or less completely cut off contact . 
  do you actually use your future in dutch ? 
  unlike those lazy germans . 
  i guess you 've just got hard on for militaristic countries that ignore human rights abuses and are lead by strong man borderline dictators then . 
  ah yes , because back in the 70s when neoliberalism was n't a popular theory the uk was just so wealthy and successful . 
  the middle class and working class alike were just rolling in money and could buy whatever they wanted . 
  preferably both . 
  you only think living in another country should be a privilege because historically it 's been treated as such . 
  freedom movement was a step forward towards building a fair functional global society , and brexiteers just took a huge shit all over it in the name `` common sense '' which is nothing more than cynicism and wanting to appear tough . 
  if you want to define the agenda then you need to stick together with people who share those agendas to have leverage . 
  if you just take that attitude then you do not influence in the same way . 
  by budding up to russia and china more than those who share our values we 're in many ways enabling them and increasing their ability to set the agenda . 
  do you really want to help encourage societies like those in russia and china ? 
  so you believe in encouraging corrupt regimes and nation state , and do n't care about the propagation of european values and ideals in the future . 
  eu did n't bully us at all . 
  instead of left vs right it 's more interesting to see it in terms progress liberalism vs conservative statism . 
  each side takes a different attitude towards the problems of globalism , the former embracing globalism as the solution to problems , the latter advocating a return to traditions of the past . 
  you could say the dichotomy comes down to whether someone is more ill at ease with the prospect of the future or the legacy of the past . 
  unsurprisingly , in areas that believe they 've experienced decline the in the course of recent history tend to prefer conservative statism whereas areas that feel prosperous embrace more progressive liberalism . 
  on the economy the liberals unsurprisingly favour neoliberal policy , whereas the statists want market intervention to benefit the man on the street . 
  the liberals want free market economics and closer integration with the global community , the statists want a return to the nation state as the sole authority . 
  scotland 's biggest ally in brexit was south east england . 
  an unlikely alliance but there you have it . 
  the most pro brexit areas are white working class often rural areas of the england and wales , particularly those that have n't seen much economic prosperity in recent times . 
  arguably scotland has been better insulated from these issues of economic decline due to their having partially separate welfare state that 's generally a bit more generous than the uk . 
  because of this , and also because of the whole independence issue taking precedent , scotland was massively pro remain . 
  actually it comes down to hitler 's view of the european nations . 
  hitler saw the nordics , excluding finland , as simply german nations in the north . 
  the british were seen as aryan but a different people in a similar way to how hitler saw the french from an ethnic perspective . 
  as far as hitler was concerned , who actually admired british culture , or at least his idea of it , particularly the empire , despite the fact that his knowledge of the real british culture being surprising lacking for someone who 'd fought in a war against british soldiers and then intended to lead a war against that nation , the british people were n't german .
