  just yesterday i was sat in a bar that tourists often frequent , there i first saw a family with an obese mother and children , dangerously obese no kidding , wearing baseball caps and shades looking as american as apple pie ( despite apple pie not being american ) , they did n't make any effort to speak german not even a `` sprechen sie englisch ? '', 
  and just seemed foolish . 
  another american later at the bar i could hear telling everyone nearby that his company was worth over 30 million dollars . 
  like i said i do n't dislike you for it , and i know it 's not every american , but people like this exist in significant numbers and i could n't live with it forever . 
  honestly i do think america does this stuff more than other countries , even if other countries do the same . 
  americans have more institutionalised patriotism . 
  saying like `` as an american ... '' `` you ca n't do this , this is america '' `` my right as an american '' . 
  it 's like it 's integral to your culture to believe america is special or different somehow . 
  many people bash america because they find this attitude annoying as hell . 
  there 's nationalists everywhere , but mostly on the outskirts , loving your country really is n't accepted in europe . 
  we had total war twice the last century and that was able to happen people could be guided into war on the grounds that they loved their country . 
  many people in europe do secretly love their country , but openly stating it , and doing it with the support of other 's in totally unacceptable . 
  your love for your country is something you should keep to yourself imo , and never celebrate since it only leads reinforcement of those beliefs . 
  well when europeans go into america bashing mode they 're just saying the opposite . 
  you should n't love your country really , and if you do a little bit then it should just be a kind of quiet preference , not a loud show of affection . 
  when they point out america 's flaws they 're saying : look !, 
  america is n't the best at all , so your love of it over any other country particularly is irrational , there 's no reason to love it any more than you love sweden or austria or ireland , loving something just because it 's yours is childish and irrational ( sure we 're all susceptible to it but that does n't mean we should embrace it ) . 
  when they get angry about it they 're thinking this type of love for one 's country is dangerous , patriotism can turn people into unthinking malleable mobs , it can lead to train drivers not questioning why they 're dropping the jews in auschwitz , it can lead to people sitting in trenches whilst their feet fall off in the name of queen and country or the kaizer . 
  all in all it 's dumb to love where you live , it 's no more party of you than your favourite hat . 
  face it , the patriots are all terrified of being made irrelevant by a country with over 4 times their population and many times their landmass . 
  trust the us ? 
  the ally that sat through two world wars until the last minute out of political apathy , then reaped the rewards financially until europe was completed devastated so they could then lever all their resources into defining its rebuilding . 
  such a noble trustworthy bunch of guys . 
  us economy being so big is pretty much down to it being the only large population , natural resource rich , chunk of earth in the world , having benefited from being out of the way of major threats throughout history . 
  hemogenons are good and all but i would trust the us government as far as i could throw it . 
  oh yeah forgot alaska existed, 
  itt : butthurt americans who ca n't take a joke, 
  i can understand them no wanting to air fucks live , and i can understand them ending the segment if someone says fuck , but that woman 's reaction , it 's just the pinnacle of us neurosis , you 'd think something had just crawled up her arse . 
  what towns with more than one library ? 
  you must be living in some type of futuristic utopia , who could conceive of a town with more than one library . 
  oh yeah , there are towns in the uk with half the population of some us states , i 'm pretty sure they have libraries in the double digits . 
  utter bollocks . 
  english was nothing like modern american in the 1600s and 1700s . 
  literally the only reason for this complete myth is the presence of rhotic - r , and there are plenty of british dialects that still retain this and they all sound far more like the english of that era than american . 
  it 's literally just a myth americans tell themselves to feel superior , fucking stop it . 
  are you literally brain dead ? 
  i just said that oft quoted piece of misinformation is solely down to the presence of the rhotic - r , and you provide me a piece of low quality `` science '' journalism that cites nothing more for its conjecture than the presence of the rhotic - r. seriously get with the fucking programme . 
  if you want to hear how english sounded back then look up original pronunciation on youtube , you 'll find people sounded far more like pirates or british farmers than americans . 
  like i said there are plenty of places in the british isles that do this day retain the - r. 
  no shit ? 
  funnily enough so does hiberno-english i wonder why that is ? 
  evidently my sarcasm was lost . 
  itt : americans imagining non-existent butthurt brits to ease their deep seated insecurities about not being the cradle of western civilisation . 
  using ppp to calculate this is utterly moronic . 
  realistically if you bolted the uk onto the usa tomorrow it would be one of the wealthiest states in the usa . 
  just because uk citizens do n't have the purchasing power of people in wyoming does n't make it `` poorer '' . 
  the article makes a nuanced point that 99 % of people have no chance at understanding and this article will just be touted by ill educated nationalistic morons evermore . 
  you do n't actually understand the facts . 
  facts are useless without the brainpower to understand them . 
  the article is basically making the point that goods are cheaper in the us and even cheaper in the crap parts of the us . 
  therefore on average people in the poor parts of the us can still buy more food and useless crap than people in the uk ( and everywhere in europe i would wager ) . 
  this is of course entirely uncontroversial , and of course totally disregards everything else that could be taken into consideration . 
  the author of the article should really hang his head in shame for writing this fodder for illiterate american nationalists , his final point `` all that redistribution has n't made the nordic poor richer than the american poor but it has made the rich poorer . '', 
  as if the massive quality of life difference between the poor in nordic countries and america was n't so hilariously huge it does n't even bear thinking about . 
  this subreddit has become just a massive circlejerk against imagined prescriptivism . 
  are we not allowed to dislike sounds now ? 
  who gives a damn really ? 
  he is n't in a position of authority . 
  personally i think some of the sounds he mentions are annoying , and i 'd advise you not to use them if you want to avoid annoying some people . 
  then again you do n't have to listen to me and are free to call me an arsehole if you want . 
  all i see on this subreddit is people complaining about people who have peeves about certain sounds or phrases and labelling them `` prescriptivists '' . 
  this is a complete perversion of the term . 
  prescriptivism is a notion about what language is . 
  being other than a prescriptivist does not entail that you forgo your right to dislike or resist changes or elements of language you do n't like , and that extends to dissuading others and even mockery if you want . 
  many people on this subreddit seem to think that `` prescriptivism '' simply means any type of value judgement made against any facet of language whatsoever . 
  this is completely absurd , i 'm sure nobody would want a politician who communicated solely in monosyllables , so everyone judges other 's use of language to some degree . 
  a true prescriptivist would be someone who thought language would become meaningless without the enforcement of strict grammatical rules , or that anyone who spoke in a dialect was by necessity an idiot . 
  the irony is that the evolution of language requires not only that people adopt new meanings and ways of communicating , but also that people resist change as well . 
  that is why the changes and inventions that do become commonplace are so interesting . 
  empty headedly mocking anyone who dislikes or discourages a change in language usage out of a smug sense of `` enlightened '' linguistic superiority is completely vapid . 
  language does n't require assistance to evolve , what people decide to stigmatise personally is really up to them , it would be different if it was some authority enforcing a certain notion of correct language usage but that simply is n't the case . 
  by seeing something wrong with rejecting certain facets of language you 're being no better than the `` prescriptivists '' you disdain , especially since you appeal to the authority of academic linguistics in doing so . 
  well i would say that naturally what is stigmatised is n't governed by arbitrary factors , but a whole host of things such as socio-economics , class , ethnicity , geography , nationality , age , gender and so on , and additional by things such as sub-culture and media . 
  i 'm not claiming this to be a good or bad thing either . 
  but imo it 's not the responsibility of linguists to answer that question . 
  nor is it `` good linguistics '' to promote some kind of notion of linguistic tolerance towards all novel forms of language usage . 
  i can understand why linguists may want to intervene were some authority to draw upon pseudo-scientific notions to promote their idea of linguistic purity , for example the suppression of hiberno-english by the british government . 
  however when it comes to the peeves of ordinary people it 's not something on which linguistics should be taking a moral stance , regardless of those peeves ' origins . 
  in fact the stigmatisation of language seems to me to be an equally rich field of study for linguistics as the adoption of new language . 
  i also stand by my point that when people do stigmatise language , whether they deem it disagreeable or flat out incorrect , they are n't being `` prescriptivists '' but rather expressing a matter of taste as people always have . 
  it seems to me that the desire to denigrate them as such is much more politically motivated out of a dislike of what that stigmatisation may represent , and whilst i think that their 's nothing wrong with that desire in itself , it 's intellectually dishonest to label them `` prescriptivists '' , since it has the connotation that what they 're doing is theoretically unsound , rather than merely distasteful on moral grounds . 
  you do n't seem to even understand that article . 
  the point it 's making that if you take the spending power of a mississippian , in terms of the amount of goods they could go and buy with the mean amount of money mississippians have , and compare it to the spending power of a briton with the mean amount of money britons have , then the mississippian could purchase more good/services . 
  that is to say that the mean of what a mississippian has in currency could get them more stuff ( goods/services ) than the mean of what a uk citizen has . 
  so yes , if i was to earn the mean amount living in the mississippi i could get more stuff at the store than earning the mean in the uk . 
  however let 's look at what is n't taken into account shall we ? 
  first of inequality , [ this map shows the gini index of the word ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/0/0c/2014_gini_index_world_map%2c_income_inequality_distribution_by_country_per_world_bank.svg/863px-2014_gini_index_world_map%2c_income_inequality_distribution_by_country_per_world_bank.svg.png ) . 
  you should see that when it comes to how wealth is distributed the us is well behind the uk . 
  so whilst the mean wealth of a mississippian will buy you more stuff in mississippi , that does n't mean the average mississippian can actually buy more stuff since wealthier people will be swaying the figures more significantly than in the uk . 
  the uk may be the least equal in out of france , germany , sweden and finland on that map but that really is n't saying much . 
  if we looked at what the majority of the people in mississippi earn it might be a different story . 
  ok , so next we factor in the benefits available to britons vs those available to mississippian . 
  well since the uk spends a higher amount on social care as a % of gdp we know that the uk has better social care available , neither does it spend 4 % of the budget on its military . 
  so more money per person going into healthcare , education , infrastructure etc , and also more benefits available for the unemployed , disabled etc. 
  finally we compare the actual gdp of each place , because imagine if some britons and mississippians wanted to buy shares in a big international company , they 'd be paying the same regardless . 
  the gdp of mississippi is a paltry [ $ 28,944 ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/list_of_u.s._states_by_gdp_per_capita ) , even without factoring inequality . 
  whilst the uk is [ $ 39,941 . 
  ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/economy_of_the_united_kingdom ), 
  so the answer is no , the uk is not poor , if it were a state in the us it would be about average , even without factoring in the socialist benefits that it receives over and above american citizens , but hey at least you guys can buy more burgers than we can . 
  scunthorpe for sure .
