  there was the women who almost certainly had crippling social anxiety and was left alone by everyone . 
  everyone else was reasonably normal and friendly enough , they were n't really that exciting personality wise but they were n't bad . 
  however the many of the managers were apathetic bastards who you had to literally corner in the warehouse or corridor to get them to speak to you about anything . 
  what can i say ? 
  it 's retail work , it 's pretty much the same everywhere in the world . 
  you get there on time , make sure you look busy when the boss is around , keep the conversation light and inoffensive and get on with it . 
  kinda fucked up how the world of employment works . 
  i 'm poor as fuck , live in a tiny 1 bedroom flat without a washing machine or proper oven , do n't have a car ( not necessary in the big european where i live ) . 
  however , healthcare provided by the government , university education provided by the government , and no dependants . 
  i was able to earn about the equivalent of 15.5 k us dollars last year averaging 10 hours of work a week . 
  when you account for purchasing power it 's way too close actually . 
  the basket of goods you can buy with your days salary is n't much worse than the basket of good you can buy with your daily 57 dollars - tax . 
  also i know guys who played rugby as a forward for 10 + years who have cauliflower ears and probably ca n't fight for shit . 
  [ lies !, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jdkn57xveki ), 
  i think the german system is still quite a con . 
  the nhs is much better for everyone who is n't well paid , contracted into a full time job , not working freelance etc. 
  some germans are as conditioned to think their system is great as badly as americans are sadly . 
  it 's just a licence for bbk , aok etc to print euros , but at least it wo n't bankrupt you . 
  here i converted it back to american using my finest yankee accent, 
  they should have spelt it nikee !, 
  seriously though , i 'm pretty sure even nike rhymes it with bike even in nike advertisements everywhere outside the us . 
  old english bro, 
  k bro , go buy another cruh-sant with your click , i do n't think americans saying these words is nitch at all ... brits tend to massacre spanish pronunciations but the americans massacre french just terribly . 
  rhoticise / rhoticize i think would be correct . 
  what stands out to me in the boston accent as a non-rhotic briton is how far forward the broad - a vowel is . 
  so when a brit says `` car '' it 's very much at the back of the mouth , ka and car sound very however when someone from boston says car it 's sounds to me like kaaaaaa . 
  do n't worry we still call the greek god nikee , we just ca n't be bothered with the pretentiousness of calling a modern sportswear company by the name of a 2500 year old god !, 
  this is such bullshit , it 's been scientifically proved that this is partially caused by a phenomena that works in both directions i.e. 
  australians think brits sound more aussie when they sing , english think irish people sound english when they sing and so forth . 
  the process of singing actually erodes some of the cues that tell you where someone is from , these being stress patterns , the shape of diphthong glides and the precise positioning of vowels . 
  generally people have a harder time placing someone from their singing voice . 
  the singers who deliberately emphasise their accent when singing like lily allen , or the ones that use sing-speaking , like the cure , are actually the minority . 
  you claim that the beatles sing with american accents , yet analysis has been done that shows that asides from a bit of their really early work they do n't . 
  i mean for christsake 's in one of their songs they rhyme `` her '' with `` their '' , try doing that in a american accent , it 's pure scouse . 
  i 'm sorry but there 's a reason why london comes first in `` london paris new york '', 
  [ you must be tone deaf ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pz-ny8q22o ), 
  you sound dead like [ sean lock ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=crkoay5tq_0 ) btw . 
  did you model your accent on him ? 
  he 's got quite a unique accent , it 's very london-esque / south east england but he speaks quite lazily . 
  yeah , it 's a mid vowel , which makes it stick out because more british accents are going back or front . 
  to me , a boston accent sounds parse a bit like how a rhotic speaker from the near south west would say pass . 
  there 's no such thing as a `` neutral accent '' , literally the only reasons an accent might sound more neutral or extreme is because either you are more familiar with it , or because it is more similar or less similar to your own . 
  if the whole of the us spoke like rednecks , and you suddenly started hearing someone speaking like newsreader then you 'd probably think that accent sounded extreme . 
  interesting fact , tan in most american accents is closer to the way most modern brits would say ten . 
  essentially an american - a sits between the way a brit would say tan and ten . 
  the difference between - a and - e is the degree to which you open your mouth . 
  brits open their mouths wider when pronouncing the - a , which is actually something californian are prone to doing . 
  it 's also of note that the modern british - a is a relatively new shift in pronunciation , and 70 years ago the vowel would have been placed similar to many americans . 
  that said , parts of the us actually diphthongise the vowel , making tan sound like tayen . 
  jimmy 's officially rustled . 
  typically , where i live the purchasing parity value is 13 ( measured against the dollar ) , which means a basket of goods here will cost you 13 % more in germany than it will in the us . 
  obviously this is n't entirely accurate as there 's lots of complicated factors , tax , government support , necessities versus luxuries and so forth , even currency fluctuations affecting imports . 
  however , you could say in real terms i earned $ 14,000 dollars when accounting for the cost of goods . 
  the reason i was able to do this was because i worked as a private freelance tutor helping kids with their exams which obviously has a good rate of pay per hour . 
  if i scaled up to 40 hours a week i would n't anything like x4 as much because i 'd get stung by tax and other costs . 
  are you sure it 's not a half rhyme , otherwise it might be a feature of your accent . 
  typically their would rhyme with hair . 
  her is / h\u0259r / in genam while there is / \u00f0er /, 
  that 's just a product of unstressed syllables . 
  i guess a better example might be that for the beatles `` square '' rhymes with `` burr '' . 
  that 's a funny sounding accent because it mixes various regional elements . 
  you 're - r 's are [ labiodental ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/labiodental_approximant ) like a cockney , you l 's are [ vocalised ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/l-vocalization ) much like a cockney . 
  however then you go and say `` cunt '' with the vowel from `` foot '' rather than that of `` hut '' which is pure northerner . 
  a cockney would say it more like `` kant '' in fact . 
  i do n't really know what you mean by `` clean '' american accent . 
  certain newscasters try to stick to the phonetic pronunciations you 'd find in meriam webster . 
  this is what we 'd roughly describe as a genam accent and the closest regional accent is that which is spoken in the mid-west . 
  as with any formalised description of an accent you 'll find very few people that adhere to it 100 % of the time , just people of varying shades of divergence . 
  i do n't understand what you mean about the transatlantic being `` clean '' , unless you mean by way of analogy , in the sense that it was a formal standard for broadcast a long time ago . 
  thing is that it was n't an, 
  extreme is definitely the wrong term to use . 
  there 's nothing inherently extreme about the way redneck speaks . 
  i guess you mean that the accent they are using are phonetically more divergent from the national average , and probably further from the way british people speak too , so it sticks out to them . 
  idiot , i know what it 's named after , i was obviously being sarcastic ( although i know yanks sometimes struggle with that ) . 
  however , the company has given up fighting against the one syllable pronunciation in most the world , it 's so ubiquitous what 's the point . 
  the transatlantic accent was n't a national average though , it was an accent used by the obscenely wealthy east coast aristocracy during the late 19th and early 20th century either inadvertently due to close ties with the british aristocracy or deliberately to bring the american accent more in line with english sensibilities and to sound more cultured . 
  it was the standard agreed upon that was taught to the sons and daughters of wealthy business moguls and industrialists in us boarding schools during this period . 
  thus it became the broadcast standard in much the same way as received pronunciation became standard in the uk , due to associations with class and authority . 
  it was also popular in hollywood for a time because it made films more comprehensible to people in the uk and the commonwealth meaning the films would sell more widely ( of course back in these times of films with dialogue people were n't exposed to many different accents , people would only be accustomed to hearing either their local dialect or the broadcast standard ) . 
  the irony was that is was nothing like the majority of american accents , being limited to the northwest social elite . 
  do you not understand the words `` seriously though '' , that would entail that what went before was n't entirely serious . 
  perhaps you should master the english language before you go shouting your mouth off you rude ill bred pseudo royal . 
  yeah , keep wearing those shirts and shoes , they sure were invented in the us , idiot . 
  keep speaking our language , using our legal system , living in cities named after ours , in states named after our royal family , benefiting from our enlightenment ideals etc etc etc. 
  maybe you can stick some cure/smiths/beatles / queen posters on your wall . 
  but sure , sure , it 's you who 's influencing us . 
  this is kind of mistake , us west midlanders certainly say `` mom '' but it 's spelt mum . 
  lol , that 's hilarious . 
  evidently making new words is the same making a language , you do n't understand the history of common law , you do n't know that constitutional monarchies score more highly in the world for freedom and standards of living than all other types of government , nor do you know 4/7 musicians to ever sell over 250 million records in the history of music were british , as is the best selling of the lot . 
  nor can you spell `` genre '' , and you do n't capitalise hollywood but do capitalise `` porn industry '' . 
  paper actually, 
  the idea is that the technology to control gravity is super simple . 
  like it does n't require much at all , just a basic understanding of cogs and gears and how to smelt metal . 
  there 's even meant to be civilisations who have n't discovered iron who figured it out . 
  it 's just that humans missed it , like it was totally obvious , so obvious in fact that we just thought it would be ridiculous . 
  so all the civilisations out there conquering the galaxy are essentially around 17th century level technology . 
  they do n't bother developing better weaponry because you can always just colonise a new planet , you 're not stuck where you are competing for resources , there 's an endless frontier of wealth to be had , so why innovate inwardly when you can just expand outwardly . 
  then in the sequel humanity is suffering from the same technological problem . 
  400 years later and technology has barely progressed from the 21st century because the empire grew to big to be managed and it 's just scattered peoples on different planets relying on old technology , the settlers forgetting how to produce certain things from the past .
