  common conversations or everyday conversations would be more appropriate . 
  `` classic '' is more like when a style has stayed popular for a long time , `` classic cuisine '' or `` classic design '' , it 's strange to think of common conversations as being `` classic '' . 
  english might lack complicated conjugation , declension , gender , and have few irregular plurals . 
  however , it has to make up a lot of this meaning with a rather tricky and arbitrary syntax . 
  i totally agree though . 
  english is a language that is easy to pick up and it 's relatively easy to achieve the level needed to handle most everyday conversations . 
  however , english grammar is far from simple and everyone i 've ever met who claims english is easy or that the grammar is simple also makes endless grammatical mistakes . 
  i 'm not correcting you to be a dick btw , it was just useful to make my point , english gets much harder when you want to speak it correctly rather than simply make yourself understood . 
  more like :, 
  i look for it, 
  i am looking for it, 
  i looked for it, 
  i was looking for it, 
  i have looked for it, 
  i have been looking for it, 
  i had looked for it, 
  i had been looking for it, 
  passive, 
  it is looked for, 
  it is being looked for, 
  it was looked for, 
  it was being looked for, 
  it has been looked for, 
  it has been being looked for, 
  it had been looked for, 
  it had been being looked for, 
  thankfully the perfect and pluperfect passive continuous does n't come up in english much . 
  yeah , better to bend the knee and live in a country with functional plumbing , education , recreation , and such , than to bend the knee and live in a theocracy that 's falling apart . 
  i found it kind of silly that they did n't actually have a scene filling each other in on all the shit that 's happened . 
  or at least a scene alluding to the fact that they 'd already done so . 
  i mean sansa was betrothed to joffrey , who turned out to be psychopath who got off killing shit , saw her father killed in front of her eyes , was pushed aside , then married to a dwarf , who was in love with a whore , then joffrey was poisoned . 
  she was rescued by little finger , who sent her to the vale . 
  where she found out that her aunt was a nutjob , with a weedy spoilt vindictive little shit of a son . 
  her aunt was murdered by littlefinger , and it was passed off as a suicide , after lysa went into a psycho jealous rage at sansa , because she thought littlefinger was in love with her ( pretty accurate imo ) . 
  then she was sent to winterfell , to marry ramsay bolton , who turned out to be even more of psycho , who kept theon their old playmate as a pet , and cut off his cock and broke him mentally . 
  then she got raped every night by ramsay , until theon grew some balls helped her escape , but only after ramsay murdered his own father , and finally they were rescued by brienne , who had seen her sister alive and travelling with the hound , and finally got to castle black . 
  meanwhile ... jon was inducted into the nightwatch , hated by everyone . 
  made to be the lord commander 's squire . 
  taken beyond the wall . 
  captured by the wildlings . 
  managed to convince them he were one of them . 
  fell in love with a ginger . 
  befriended by mance raider the king beyond the wall . 
  sneaked back over the wall , escaped the wildlings betraying his love . 
  got back to the night 's watch . 
  became lord commander . 
  defended the wall from the wildlings , saw his lover killed , until his arse was saved by stannis . 
  who then marched on winterfell , was defeated and got killed by brienne . 
  meanwhile jon managed to convince the night 's watch to let the wildlings into westeros . 
  oh and let 's not forget hardholm , where jon literally fought a demonic non-human and saw thousands of dead wildling turned into zombies , only to return home an be stabbed by his own men , die , and was brought back to life by magic . 
  but yeah ... fuck all that , let 's talk about the old days and what a bitch sansa was , and then jump immediately to future plans . 
  they do n't need to explain it all on screen , but they could have at least alluded to the fact that they 'd filled each other in . 
  afaik cousin boning ai n't no thing in westeros , it 's like alabama in that respect . 
  `` quote from that video we all watched '', 
  everyone 's obsessing about asbestos , but i 'm just here like damn british accents have changed in the last 70 years . 
  when he says `` can '' i ca n't not hear `` cen '' , `` cracks '' = `` crecks '' . 
  there 's a reason why all the officers on the death star have british accents . 
  look at the little baby yank crying because he 's not the centre of attention for once . 
  he simply ca n't stand seeing something american outside of america for a split second so he has to make up stuff about other countries . 
  british and irish people have more than enough to be proud of creating without trying to rip off yank shit , ( although that said , so does america but it does n't stop many americans from trying to revise history to make everything useful the human race ever invented american . 
  see : electricity , the car , the telephone , the television , the computer , the internet ) . 
  not a single person claims that . 
  if anyone did say that they 'd have to claim it for fucking loads of things because one of the most popular places outside of hollywood for hollywood companies to film is pinewood / shepperton studios in london . 
  i mean seriously , virtually everything kubrick made , the fifth element , alien , blade runner , judge dread , the original superman films , most the batman films . 
  nobody thinks that , and nobody claims them to be british , take your own advice and shut the fuck up . 
  how am i worse ? 
  i just ca n't believe the inferiority complex of this guy , so bad that he has to pre-emptively accuse british and irish people of trying to pass off star wars as british simply because he filmed a scene in ireland . 
  it 's just such stupid fucking bullshit . 
  mostly i like americans , but there 's a segment of the population that come out with most retarded shit i 've ever heard . 
  no offence but are an example of exactly how pervasive your american revisionist history is . 
  it 's un-fucking-believable . 
  none of those inventions/discoveries are american , and the fact that you believe that is just testament to your messed up culture of nationalism . 
  electricity ( well its uses ) was discovered in stages by people who were almost all european , benjamin franklin doing literally fuck all . 
  the car was invented in germany , it was made a commercial success in the us but that is not the same . 
  the telephone was invented by a scottish man who lived in canada for most his life . 
  the television was invented to stages too , but almost none of the people involved were american ( farnsworth contributed , but did n't invent the first tv or first colour tv ) . 
  the computer was invented in stages , but americans conveniently define the first `` real '' computer as the one that an american made . 
  ironically , the one on that list that america probably has the best claim to is the internet , but that 's only when you define the internet very specifically as a separate idea from the web . 
  please do n't tell me you really believe all that shit was invented / discovered in the us . 
  if so you are part of the problem . 
  america has invented plenty of stuff without needing to steal other nation 's achievements . 
  tolkien just happened to be a professor of germanic languages , so it makes sense . 
  good argument . 
  [ why do n't you read this article ] ( http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/12/27/classic-american-things-not-from-us_n_4440784.html ) on all the things americans believe are american but are n't . 
  it sickens me that a culture as successful as the us still feels the need to steal from other cultures . 
  it 's as if you guys ca n't abide yourselves unless you put yourself in the centre of literally everything . 
  your nationalism is frankly terrifying . 
  the guy i responded to was just another example of this . 
  he ca n't even bear to think that another country might try to claim a piece of star wars ( despite nobody actually doing this ) . 
  there is something deeply wrong with a society that breeds such idiots . 
  every other country in the world teaches that karl benz invented the car , it even says so on wikipedia , but many americans go through their lives thinking it was henry ford . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  scots is really not that different from english , and once you know the sound shifts as an english speaker you can understand over 90 % of it . 
  `` much more '' is a bit of exaggeration . 
  there was no language called germanic . 
  there was only a set of proto-germanic language , which birthed west and north germanic languages . 
  stuff also means substance or matter . 
  the difference in how you translate them is really just a matter of nuance , nuance that you 've picked up on by ( probably ) studying english for a long time . 
  whether you translate `` stoff '' as `` stuff '' really depends on the context in which it 's said . 
  it really is simply that germanic words are typically so low in the english register that when you use them for complicated things it sounds rather comical .
