  even compared to when i was a youth in the 00-05 sort of times it 's even shittier these days . 
  even talking to a stranger , never mind asking them about what they 're taking ( if anything since binge drinking seems to be in fashion ) , is often likely to get you a weird look or an aggressive response . 
  a lot the older ravers i 've met were selfish jaded drug addled pricks . 
  nobody wants to organise underground stuff it 's all corporate plastic shit , dry as fuck , if someone has good drugs they ai n't sharing . 
  i 'm sure some people reading this have been at an edm event and looked around at all the plastic smiles and people trying so desperately hard to have a good time and sensed nothing but desperation and inauthenticity . 
  what the fuck am i doing with my life is the thought that seems more apparent to me . 
  also so many people causing fights if you try and do anything without security . 
  so much for the rave revolution , even worse joke than the hippie movement . 
  people on drugs like to talk about grand noble ideas but in the end most of them that talk this shit are actually full of it . 
  the hangers on are the ones that ca n't kick the drugs and just end up talking bitterly about how much stuff has changed , the rest move on because the attempt to keep the dream alive is obviously failed . 
  it 's funny how the people who endorse this type of idealistic crap often transform into the exact opposite 10 years down the line . 
  like the hippies who became yuppie homeowners endorsing the notion that we partied , were promiscuous and got high so our kids do n't need to , the rave generation became the middle aged , broody , whiskey drinking , coke snorting , fuck off do n't talk to me type that you 'll see in every crappy bar . 
  i agree apart from the religion thing . 
  i think the * tips fedora * attitude is definitely a good thing . 
  the atheist `` religion causes all our problems '' had become such a clich\u00e9 . 
  i ca n't stand / r/atheism it 's one of the worst circlejerks out there . 
  the truth is that whole anti-theism vibe seems to me to be a product of reddit 's america-centric thinking . 
  it 's mostly in a america where you get the nutty evangelicals influencing politics . 
  i 'm perfectly content with most of the religious people in europe . 
  instead of bashing religious extremism it turns into a pointless pseudo-philosophical debate all about sucking up to pseudo-scientists celebrities like dawkins , sage and degrasse tyson , worshipping stem grads , and a whole lot of smug superiority . 
  ~ ~ ecstasy ~ ~ what their dealers are calling ecstasy / md, 
  great video , do n't know why you were downvoted :(, 
  how dare you disagree with jewish physics !, 
  you nazi !, 
   i 'm curious ; what 's the difference between pseudo-philosophical and philosophical ? 
  dawkins , sagan and degrasse tyson were all fine scientists until they gave up their jobs and became nothing more than mouthpieces of dumbed down media friendly ideas . 
  they caused a bunch of borderline illiterate idiots to become smug and self-righteous without actually having to do any real thinking at all . 
  sure there is a difference between philosophical and pseudo-philosophical . 
  dawkins is the perfect example , he wrote a best seller on atheism bypassing over 2000 years of literary canon on the matter and jumped to taking cheap shots at a religion in the form of anecdotes . 
  then some edgy 15 year old skim reads his book and thinks himself smarter than everyone in history that held a remotely religious position . 
  i 'm not religious myself but hell i 'd take most religious thinkers over the idiot atheist born out of the teachings of these media talking heads . 
  yes , in their respective fields they are , personally i ca n't remember the last time i saw them talking about their respective fields . 
  perhaps instead of having an evolutionary biologist be the figure head of the atheist movement they should have someone qualified , like a leading atheist theologian for example . 
  at least then he 'd make arguments deeper than `` herp derp religion is stupid '', 
  i rarely see them talking about those things . 
  sure when sagan does a bit on the cosmos or dawkins defends evolutionary theory fine , but they 've become figureheads for much more than that . 
  wow , do you really want to drag that up ? 
  who 's saying it was n't better . 
  it almost certainly was better . 
  what younger people are bitching about ( and let 's face it that following generation is n't that young any more ) , is how it was aggrandised into somewhat of a counter cultural movement , whilst almost nothing was done by that culture , it did n't even last a decade . 
  in fact what i saw in the 00s was the rave scene turning quite moody and urban , almost as a direct reaction to the na\u00efve original rave scene turning into a the plastic corny big beat dominated superstar dj crap that turned up in the late 90s . 
  [ this is what it turned into , they had it spot on ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=c6rahfzwcua ), 
  liberals can be sexist racist too . 
  all i meant is if we took a cross section of the us and compared it to a cross section of reddit they 'd probably be more democrat voters on reddit on the basis of demographics alone . 
  alabama - red necks , top gear, 
  alaska - ex-russia , really canada , can see russia from house, 
  arkansas - hill billies , bill clinton, 
  arizona - desert deadly like australia, 
  connecticut - fuck knows, 
  california - hollywood , compton , loads of stuff, 
  colorado - mountains , weed , south park, 
  north carolina - southern fuck knows, 
  south carolina - same as north, 
  delaware - small, 
  north dakota - there 's two dakotas, 
  south dakota - same, 
  georgia - willy nelson ? 
  hawaii - five o , used to be ours , union jack , dog , poor with methheads, 
  idaho - farms fuck knows, 
  illinois - chicago is here, 
  indiana - 500, 
  iowa - farms, 
  kansas - wizard of oz, 
  kentucky - fried chicken mother fuckaaa, 
  louisiana - french creole , swamp red necks , that guy from x-men cartoons, 
  massachusetts - people differ with pronunciation , boston is here, 
  mississippi - hard to spell , river, 
  missouri - i 'll be damned if i recognise missoura, 
  michigan - near lakes , detroit is here, 
  maine - has lobsters i think ? 
  nebraska - fuck knows, 
  nevada - viva las vegas, 
  new mexico - same as arizona i think, 
  new jersey - even more annoying accent than new york , has turnpike ( wtf ? ), 
  new york - obviously, 
  ohio - dafuq, 
  oregon - randomly between washington and california , portlandia is here ? 
  pennsylvania - home of american vampires, 
  rhode island - family guy ? 
  texas - america 's scotland , george bush , white gold !, 
  texas tea !, 
  virginia - tobacco , ex-british lovers, 
  west virginia - take me home , country roads, 
  washington - is not washington dc , legal weed, 
  wyoming - smaller than most european cities in population ( larger than many european countries in size ), 
  wisconsin - fuck knows, 
  sorry if i forgot your state , i 'd do better with an unlabelled map . 
  how did i do ? 
  i even added why i know they exist, 
  edit1 : oh just remembered, 
  maryland - you know are famous for literally nothing but i know you speak funny . 
  edit2 : ok so i check the map now . 
  turns out i forgot, 
  florida - haha that 's dumb , everyone knows florida because they have disneyland and miami vice, 
  vermont - seriously , it 's all just new england to me, 
  new hampshire - same, 
  montana - does anything even happen here ? 
  minnesota - same, 
  edit3 : oh i found out yellow stone is in montana so now i 'll remember it for that . 
  oh and hannah .
