  more chocolate for less cost will sell better in the minds of american companies . 
  the eu spends like over 400 billion a year on medical r&d despite socialised healthcare . 
  the us spends about the same , those people are talking shit . 
  i 'm going to blow your mind . 
  arse is to ass , as curse is to cuss . 
  at some point in history yanks started to drop - r 's from some words . 
  also arse is a germanic route word meaning where the shit comes from . 
  ars ( dutch ) arsch ( german ) . 
  ass is a latin route word meaning donkey . 
  america fucked it by spelling it weird . 
  arse ( germanic for shithole area ) and ass ( latin for donkey ) have totally separate etymologies . 
  early american accents removed - r from some words arse to ass , curse to cuss . 
  her accent is completely modelled on east yorkshire fyi , that 's why snow is snuuuhw, 
  the people doing their native accents the programme obviously have the best accents . 
  it would be hard to list all the characters who are doing that , ned , ayra , sansa , king robert , cersei are all just using their native speaking voices . 
  then you have the characters who are from the uk but not using their natural accents , which probably is jarring for people who are from those areas but not from others . 
  most of these guys sound fine to most of us but locals that speak the dialects they are imitating might have qualms . 
  you also have people like mormont and the hound who speak quite standard in the programme but are actually scottish . 
  then you have the people who are n't even british , some of them do a good job of it , varys , joffrey ( both irish ) , then you have people who just sound weird little finger ( his accent does n't sound like it 's from anywhere really , but it works to make him sound creepy which is fair ) . 
  worst accent : tyrion , he just ca n't seem to get it right , his vowels are all over the place and often he sounds like kelsey grammer to me , with a pseudo-british refined accent that 's actually american . 
  mpv : jamie lannister , nikolaj coster-waldau deserves a fucking oscar , his british accent is so convincing , when you find that not only is he not british , but english is n't even his first language , which is just crazy . 
  yes i 'm english . 
  no way , you must be smoking crack , i think he does a great job , maybe occasionally sounding a bit odd but mostly sounding passably english , much better than tyrion , who sounds like kelsey grammer and you know he 's not british from every second sentence . 
  we 'll take you over the damn yanks if that makes you feel any better , but you 're a bit contaminated with their culture . 
  now the australians , they know how to behave like british colonials . 
  i guess australia is the strange youngest child who gets away with murder and everyone gives him a break , turned out ok but a bit an anti-social functioning alcoholic with some uncouth behaviours . 
  yeah , dad had to come in and save your arses from the french and the indians , in return he decided you needed to start chipping in for essentials like tea with your pay from your weekend job . 
  in return you chucked all the tea in the sink because you did n't get to decide what brand we bought . 
  what a dick !, 
  fair enough , however it 's americans who emphasise vowels , british people tend to swallow them . 
  those be fightin ' words, 
  once you go a bit farther out from the custard factory , you 've got nicer places though , sparkbrook for a curry , moseley village , king 's heath , hall green , harbourne all have their charms with a great diverse pub scene . 
  thing is though , manchester is shit also , the arndale centre may as well be an additional layer of hell , deansgate is full of wankers with too much hair gel and shoes from river island . 
  the printworks is just awful and full of wannabe wags paying 8 quid for a drink , fallowfield is just totally dominated by students and anyone over that age of 25 feels out of place , the curry mile is generally not as good as brum , the bit by the tv studios is just soulless , oh and add to that you 've got that bloody skyscraper that whistles in the wind and makes the whole city feel like something out of hl2 's dystopian reality . 
  i 'd never deny that brum is shit , but so are all the other provincial cities in their own way . 
  seems like brum gets disproportional shit from the rest of the country , while other cities like manchester get talked up all the time when really they 're no , or barely any , better . 
  it just has an image issue when really it 's no different from any industrial provincial city . 
  so many reasons all to do with history , sit back , relax , if you want , and i 'll tell you the story of birmingham :, 
  - from the late 70s onwards birmingham was hit by massive financial issues , before then it was actually almost equally as rich as london , being a hub of the industrial revolution had seen it become one britain 's few economically dominant working class cities , and during the post-war era it actually went from strength to strength . 
  - it 's success in the post war period had brought an element of jealously i think , both from the north of england , which struggled rebuilding it 's own industry during the post war period to a greater degree , and the closure of stuff like mining communities hit it hard . 
  it also brought dislike from the middle class southerners , who did n't like these `` upward reaching '' working class people being too successful . 
  - in the 70s under flak first from the left , the labour government thought it was too wealthy and thus expanded corporation taxes ( usually only applying in london ) , to birmingham . 
  this was part of an effort to push money and jobs farther north to places like liverpool and leeds which were n't faring well at the time . 
  - then it came under flak from the right wing tory government in the 80s as they began to dismantle britain 's manufacturing industry and crushing the unions . 
  this was n't the only motivation of course , a very similar story was happening in detroit in the us . 
  in the 70s there was an oil crisis that led to people wanting efficient cars , the japanese and german car industries really took advantage of this and basically decimated the british and american industries which were slow to adapt . 
  birmingham was the heart of the british car industry , and a great deal of the rest was in manufacturing . 
  both went into the toilet . 
  - this saw huge unemployment in the area , and the resultant increase in crime , huge austerity that led to buildings being demolished and replaced by nothing but dirt , whole areas becoming ghost towns as shops shut and were replaced with nothing whatsoever . 
  - birmingham 's style had always been very modernist , and expansion happened between 1949 - 1975 , a lot of its buildings reflected the optimistic spirit of the post-war years . 
  the architecture was highly influenced by post-modern styles like brutalism . 
  once this zeitgeist collapsed all the styles birmingham had implemented fell out of a vogue , and birmingham had no money to keep with the fashion which was increasingly calling for a return to traditional styles . 
  this got it a rep as an ugly city , and even today brutalist styles are considered some of the most offensive to the eyes . 
  - with birmingham 's fall it was parodied in popular culture to great extent . 
  there were a number of comic characters in the 80s / 90s that made fun of them . 
  the image of a money obsessed but uncouth and low born person with pretensions beyond their station , the kind of person who thinks they 're better than others because they learn the french word for something but then absolutely massacres the pronunciation , became the stereotype for birmingham . 
  [ this is the most famous example i can think of ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=u8kum8outuk ) , notice the obsession with money but lack of taste , constant mispronunciations like `` hhhhonest '' , and general attitude of ignorance . 
  - this identity is funny on two levels . 
  it 's funny to working class people because it shows someone as a class traitor , someone who was born poor but is desperately trying to elevate themselves . 
  it 's also funny to the chattering middle classes , as they can laugh at the faux pas of the new money types trying to imitate the ways of their social betters . 
  thus birmingham is seen to lack the nobility of the honest working man who stoically sticks to his heritage and the ways of his forefathers , and also to lack the refinement of the educated and well to do middle classes . 
  - a similar thing happens to birmingham due to its geographic location . 
  being `` northern '' or `` southern '' is a big deal in the uk , each having their unique cultural identity . 
  the north seeing the south as effete dandies `` southern fairies '' and the south seeing the north as uncouth and stubborn `` northern monkeys '' . 
  birmingham is located in the dead centre of the uk almost , and thus does n't really get to fit in with either , and consequently takes on the negatives of both in the minds of many people , who wants to be a pretentious effete stupid philistine ? . 
  go 30 miles south of birmingham and the people start identifying with london . 
  go 30 miles north of london and people start identifying with manchester . 
  nobody wants to be associated with it . 
  it 's also worth nothing that if you go east of birmingham the people will always remind you that they are `` east midlanders '' lest they be confused with `` west midlanders '' ( the area in the vicinity of birmingham ) . 
  - finally , the accent is n't all that nice , however it 's become increasingly more disliked since birmingham 's reputation became sullied , as often people 's subjective opinions about the aesthetics of a dialect have more to do with their beliefs about the people than the actual sounds . 
  so tl ; dr : birmingham was once prosperous ( something many people do n't realise ) , but took an embarrassing fall from grace in the 1970s , this led to lots of architecture from before that era and that fell out of fashion . 
  it did n't fit into britain 's class system very well , as traditionally working class people were n't meant to care about money or have money , and middle class people were n't meant to care about money or not have money . 
  it also does n't fit in geographically so lacks a cultural identity as strong as those shared by northern or southern cities . 
  also the accent . 
  asian electronics then . 
  apple is not popular where i live . 
  the difference is that when you have those your do n't typically have to give way , sometimes it indicates a slip road that will have give way markings at the end of it , however generally a left facing filter light almost always indicates that it 's safe to turn left but not to go straight on for some reason , usually because in that moment traffic is coming from left to right cross you but not right to left . 
  this is usually because of the presence of another filter . 
  i thought of it more as a representation of how many teens imagine their lives from a position of utter naivety and image obsession . 
  like we were watching their reality filtered though their own perspective . 
  the club nights , parties and so forth were just so extreme and glamorous , but when you were that age that 's how it felt even if the reality was far duller . 
  the inbetweeners is much more a representation of how things generally were for most people most of the time . 
  do you even know how much drugs cost ? 
  i suppose you do n't remember the pound a pill days of the early 00s . 
  hate to say it but if you 're like most mainland european students you 'll end up hanging out mostly with other people from mainland europe . 
  it 's weird but it seems really common for italians , french , spanish , germans , croatians etc to all hang out together , while the british students will surround themselves with people who grew up in britain ( separated by nationality not ethnicity i 'll add ) . 
  natively english speaking non-brits are kind of an anomaly but generally hang around with more brits . 
  i think it has more to do with the fact that people from different countries who are n't native english speakers are going through the same kind of experience much more than they are with british born people or even yanks , aussies etc. 
  you 'll all being living in a second language , adapting to a foreign culture that is significantly different from your own . 
  you wo n't have as much access to the culture as someone who speaks the language natively . 
  you will always be perceived as a foreigners due to your accent . 
  none of this is that terrible . 
  british people generally do n't discriminate any more than people in other countries do . 
  of the discrimination that does exist , if you 're white you 're automatically exempt from 99 % of it . 
  however , you are ultimately foreign , you will be perceived as foreign , and as a student on a temporary guest in the country , that does make people interact with you a bit differently ( not bad different , just different ) . 
  also as anyone who lives in a foreign country will tell you ( i do n't live in the uk fyi ) , everything is more complicated when it 's not your native country and language , even if your language skills are amazing , stuff like finding a flat , organising your documents , asking your lecturer for advice , it all becomes more complicated because the social norms and expectations you are accustomed to no longer apply . 
  i 'm sure you 'll have a great time . 
  my opinion about you does n't change if you say you intend to stay afterwards , barely a factor since most english people leave the town in which they study when they 've finished uni . 
  enjoy adapting all the interesting things in the uk like the pub culture and nights out at the union , i 'm sure you 'll find many friends there . 
  working as intended .
