  when we eat pasta it 's fork in the right , spoon in the left . 
  most food however requires a knife + fork combo . 
  hope you realise we do n't particularly use `` cheers '' as a farewell in the uk . 
  we use it for a `` thanks you '' . 
  are you getting confused with `` cheerio '' ? 
  you do say `` hecka '' though , that 's pretty american in itself . 
  this is hardly that big of a deal compared to some of the posts on this thread , but i had a friend when i was a kid . 
  outwardly they seemed pretty normal people . 
  mother was a teacher , father worked in it ( back in the early 90s when it people were n't that ordinary and the idea of spending more than 30 minutes on a computer was considered a bit creepy ) . 
  anyway i used to go round the house to play and dear fucking god , those people lived like animals . 
  there were four children in the house so you could forgive a bit of mess , but this was so utterly disgusting . 
  there 'd be plates of rotting food under the beds , the kids would just peel off the wall paper and rip up books , dampen it and throw it at the ceiling . 
  if you put your hand down the sofa it 'd come out covered it half digested sweets . 
  you could n't touch a surface that was n't sticky . 
  it was so god damn disgusting . 
  they were n't rich but they certainly were n't that impoverished either , held down jobs , i ca n't understand why the fuck they lived that way . 
  i 'm no clean freak but you 've got to draw the line when it become insanitary . 
  also worst of all the youngest was about 3 or 4 and still not out of nappies ( diapers for the foreign sorts ) . 
  they 'd let the shit build up until she looked like nicki minaj . 
  i 'm still amazed how the mother could 've been responsible for children all day at a school and lived that way . 
  all tax is bad !, 
  rich people are n't being represented obviously !, 
  the government can not be trusted to manage society !, 
  if it were n't for tax more people would give to charity and we would n't have poverty !, 
  stop punishing people for their success , this is why america is n't great any longer !, 
  nobody will innovate or improve if they have to pay taxes . 
  you want to succeed then pull yourself up by the bootstraps and build a better mousetrap !, 
  providence !, 
  if you 're poor it 's because you 're a bad person and god hates you . 
  if you 'd lived in a way more favourable way for god then you 'd be rewarded with a sick investment portfolio !, 
  it 's just logic bruh !, 
  pizza is just one example of american innovation , the country that invented everything good in the world . 
  mr. pizza from brooklyn , ny was a hard working boot strap puller , he came up with the idea of baked circular dough topped with cheese and tomayto paste and tada !, 
  he made millions on his invention like a true american hero . 
  let 's all take a moment to remember mr. pizza , the god fearing , paytriotic , entreprenerial american that all americans should aspire to imitate . 
  yes it 's a microwave pizza , except for the fact you cook it in the fucking oven . 
  it looks nothing fucking like a new york pizza . 
  i do n't think this is the sub for you . 
  so despite the fact you can not cook it in the microwave it 's called `` microwave pizza '' . 
  somehow i think not . 
  it 's called frozen pizza or oven pizza . 
  what 's cool is it flip flops every second , just keep refreshing to see , as people try and correct the imbalance in the universe . 
  remember guys , in the land of the free any form of non-compliance will get you tazed , maced or shot dead . 
  in other countries police manage to handle non-compliance more humanely . 
  i wonder how that is possible . 
  no it could n't be cooked in microwave unless you want to eat a piece of inedible cardboard shit . 
  i assume when you say `` we 'd call it '' you mean you and the 5 other idiots in the world who do n't know the difference between a microwave and an oven . 
  i 'm sorry that you have to bend your reality to make that pizza look more like a new york one , i 'm sorry you 're so insecure in facing the reality that every other nation prefers italian pizza making your cock shrivel up and tears fall into your bad greasy pizza , but that 's just the truth . 
  just in case you do n't believe me [ this is europe 's most popular pizza , including italy ] ( http://mummysproductreviews.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/01/risto-usa-mozzarella-3d-gda.jpg ) . 
  but i suppose your delusional mind will convince yourself that it 's ny style too . 
  it 's because their whole culture was founded on trying to differentiate themselves from us , although they probably were n't as successful as they hoped to be . 
  think about it historically , america remained a backwater until the 20th century really . 
  the commonwealth went on despite their leaving , throughout the rest of the 18th and 19th centuries they were behind europe culturally and militarily . 
  when you look at europe collectively almost all the finest arts and fashions and literature was produced in the old world and they were constantly playing catch up . 
  rather than admit this it lead to a collective denial of european culture and a retreat into insularity . 
  the other commonwealth nations always had their ties with britain so as to not feel inadequate in the face of greater european culture , so they never internalised such a deep seated cultural dissociation . 
  america is unique in this sense , they are the only principally ethnically european nation to cut ties with the countries they were colonised by at such an early stage in history . 
  in this sense they are abnormal and it still affects them today , they have to make this distinction between them and other european or colonial nations lest they be shown as nothing more than a culturally european people in denial of their heritage . 
  oh like totally dude like that 's so interresting , you should totally like do more like that, 
  i know exactly what you mean . 
  between people of most nations there 's obvious banter and piss taking and competition , especially between commonwealth nations and between europeans , but it 's not like we see each other as that culturally alien . 
  however when there is an american it 's like there 's this divide that they see you as so foreign even though you probably speak the same language and have way more cultural similarities than difference . 
  the same is n't true in reverse of course , we know they 're just another anglophone colonial nation , but they do n't see it that way towards us . 
  they became a super power because of population growth , and that comes down to culture . 
  i seem to remember that around the start of the 20th century the commonwealth and the us were roughly equal in population size . 
  now the us has more people than all the other english speaking nations combined ( excluding india and nigeria ) . 
  it 's because of the way most countries tend to take to more communal city living . 
  in australia a huge % of the population is centred around melbourne and sydney . 
  america however having so much vaguely hospitable land has spread itself out . 
  in the old days people would just move further out and have 10 children instead of engaging in a more civil lifestyle in an urban area , something something the american dream and so on . 
  in just a hundred year the us population has tripled in size , it 's only now starting to slow down to the levels we 're used to . 
  they 've also furthered their domination by being more ruthless , america is very much the country where the end justifies the means and they 'll keep their gdp high by doing less for the poor , providing less by way of support for their communities , caring less about long term security , and spending more on their military all to keep themselves politically relevant . 
  they also for a long time took in immigrants in droves without feeling a responsibility to provide them any kind of living whatsoever , the us is less of a nation but a business where anyone can come to play the game but nobody feels an obligation towards looking after their fellow american . 
  do you think your version of english does n't sound retarded ? 
  it sounds very retarded . 
  you should learn to say the words correctly . 
  ( yes correctly , it 's called an adverb , you should try it sometime ) . 
  stop butchering our beautiful language . 
  ( also that is all wrong , even for regional dialects , you ca n't mix cockney with northern ), 
  the dutch sound like someone strangling a cat ( they 're also quite heavily responsible in making american english so whiny and nasal ) . 
  furthermore they ca n't even keep one language within their tiny borders with frisian and whatever other versions of low germanic languages they have going , they can hardly complain about regional dialects . 
  many of us britons speak perfect english like hugh laurie , steven fry , pierce brosnan and so forth , it just so happens the rest of the world fetishes our local dialects , they 're probably sad because they 're lacking in such characterful means of expression . 
  yes our women are ugly , that 's why so many famous female actresses are british and every neckbeard on reddit is fapping over them . 
  also why are so many of the most successful chefs british ? 
  i very much respect the french for protecting their language , rather than let it be bastardised by illiterate idiots . 
  dutch people sound awful , you seem to have a real fixation on them , sure they master the use of the language well but their accents are atrocious . 
  also most of the world speaks british english because nobody wants to speak with an american accent with its obnoxious intrusive - r sound that exists in virtually no language outside of various regional and colonial english dialects . 
  whenever i hear foreigners mocking americans it 's with the silly - rrrrr sounds , english english follows the vowels of italian , the most successful operatic language going . 
  also `` how to talk correctly '' * ... adverbs are important . 
  stop stalking me you yankee doodle loser ( doodle is low germanic for idiot although i would n't expect a yank to know that ) . 
  i 'm sorry you 're culturally inferior and have to stalk people on reddit to try to compensate . 
  post vocalic - r you moron , that whiny noise you make when you say words like car and hard , no other language uses that so they will speak in a more british fashion . 
  the one that 's meant to be silent . 
  anyway why do n't you go away and practice differentiating the vowels in the words mary , marry and merry , or saying the letter - t. i know i 'm appealing but there is no need to stalk me across threads because you wish you were me . 
  also steven king is a horrible writer , and nobody has mentioned him since the 90s . 
  you 're all yankees fucktard . 
  also `` you 're stupid * '' , if americans had irony then it might be humorous to you that you 've written `` your stupid '' . 
  if mad does n't mean insane why does n't madness mean anger , is it because your nation is linguistically challenged ? 
  i believe so . 
  anyway this discussion is over , i can no longer be bothered to discuss this with someone who lives in a third world country .
