  claiming `` pizza '' came from america would be wrong . 
  the american harrier models did n't spontaneously come into existence in the us , the us literally purchased the rights to build them from the british and made a few modifications . 
  pizza recipe ! = aircraft design . 
  hawaiian pizza = american variation on the italian dish , pizza . 
  american harrier model = american variation on a british aircraft . 
  the aircraft remains british . 
  america accredits itself with the invention of fucking everything with this kind of self justifying logic . 
  first light bulb , first car , first computer , first everything . 
  do you have a mental deficit ? 
  the av-8b was built under licence from a british developer by an american firm for the american market . 
  it is not an american aircraft in any sense of the term . 
  your nationalism seems to be blinding you to this fact . 
  but go ahead , be a typical american nationalist and rewrite reality to put yourself at the centre of it , you 've done it with the whole of your national history maybe it 's asking too much to expect you to stop now . 
  you 're so disingenuous it beggars belief . 
  as i said , the only criteria that matters in regard to aircraft is where the type originated from . 
  the existence of the mcdowell aircraft has no bearing on anything . 
  i 'm sorry that you 're so far up uncle sam 's arse that you ca n't acknowledge that . 
  why not try a bit of magnanimity : acknowledge other nations ' contributions safe in the knowledge that your own are nothing to be ashamed of ; sadly , that 's not the american way . 
  what did i say that 's incorrect about the av-8b exactly ? 
  you 're the guy who did n't even get the model of the aircraft right . 
  if you 're not american , then that 's even worse as you 're shamelessly pursuing their agenda for them . 
  so effective is their brainwashing . 
  then again you write like an american , spell like an american , and take self-serving opinions regarding america 's accomplishments like an american , and you know what they say ... if it barks like a dog ... 
  it was produced for the domestic market . 
  the fact that some were sold abroad is again irrelevant . 
  your pedantry is just a poor mask for a lack of cogent points or arguments . 
  i 'm sorry you want to americanise everything in this new american century where america is the benevolent power and everyone else are evil imperialists , but you need to break your programming and get in touch with reality . 
  ergh this is boring . 
  it does n't even matter for which markets it was produced , it does n't have any bearing on the point i made . 
  go fawn over the us more . 
  maybe we can accredit them with the advent of civilisation too . 
  i believe a clause headed by a coordinating conjunction takes a comma regardless . 
  your example :, 
   and the fish swam on as if nothing had happened . 
  is definitely a clause as it has both subject and verb , and is headed by a coordinating conjunction . 
  the oxford comma would n't typically be talked about here as the coordinating conjunction clause rule is what actually applies . 
  omg they 're germanising our orthography !, 
  damn eurocrats !, 
  why on earth does anyone think this ... 
  i 'll never know . 
  britain has an *** enquiry *** . 
  britain speaks the queen 's . 
  in british english `` inquiry '' means an investigation of some sort whereas `` enquiry '' is a simple question . 
  that kind of overly principle thinking seems thoroughly un-british to me , almost french frankly / s. 
  in real terms the queen does n't rule over you , she remains a titular head of state as part of a historical legacy stretching back millennia . 
  i would never support giving someone the right to rule due to their bloodline , but i do n't see a problem with people holding noble positions derived from that era . 
   does n't matter that the uk royalty no longer has political power over me , it still a remnant of the very idea . 
  might not matter to you , but in real material terms that what very much matters , otherwise we 'd still have feudalism . 
  personally i think getting angry over a symbol , rather than the material consequences of a state of affairs , is bad politics through and through . 
  why consign our ancient legacy to the history books over a symbol that makes no material difference whatsoever . 
  one is predicative with the copula , one is adjectival and sits before the noun . 
  in the latter case we use hyphens to get rid of ambiguity and such adjective-like phrases may themselves include nouns which might lead people to think that the noun include in the phrase is the object or subject rather than a modifier of it . 
  `` he is 20 years old '' = no ambiguity, 
  `` he is a 20-year-old man '' = no ambiguity, 
  `` she a long 9 year old cat '' = ambiguity . 
  is it `` long-nine-year-old cat '' or `` long nine-year-old cat '' . 
  obviously this example is easy to figure out from context , but there could be situations where that 's not the case , thus the rule . 
  i 'm pro globalism and moving away from the significance of nation states too , i just do n't see the point in getting rid of these traditions . 
  i 'd rather the uk integrated itself into a larger national body and kept the traditions , than lost the traditions and remained a sovereign nation . 
  i very much suspect that in a 100 years or so the concept of national sovereignty will be very much less important , the traditions , assuming we maintain them , will be all we have left . 
  i also fear political narrative that puts also focus on the signs and meaning over pragmatism . 
  it seems to me that historically many nations have done that it and seems to always end badly for them . 
  sadly he has n't posted in over a year :(, 
  no but they are put together with the intention that they remain in the same place for a long time . 
  they are n't constantly being constructed and deconstructed by underpaid casual labourers . 
  and let 's not forget that people die on those rides designed by extremely capable and talented engineers on a relatively regular basis . 
  what does that say about taking a risk on something on that 's only there for a couple of weeks . 
  itt : people who think entirely in black and white and need to tell themselves that nobody ever dies at a theme parks that did n't deserve it or they 'd be too afraid to ride them . 
  yes . 
  there are usually a few deaths a year in major theme parks around the western world . 
  my point is that even the pros ca n't get it 100 % , so why risk your life with the amateurs . 
  globally yes , there are fatalities at major theme parks on a relatively regular basis . 
  yeah , it happens occasionally , i believe the smiler in the uk was the last one , but every once in a while there is a mechanical or operational failure . 
  these are static machines built by reputable global manufacturers and even they fail fatally occasionally . 
  jesus , all i was doing was pointing out it happens from time to time , and now reddit is taking me to task over it . 
  your source does n't say that and your source only talks about us rides . 
  smiler in the uk quite recently . 
  there was another one in 2001 . 
  that 's just the uk and these are just the fatalities . 
  failures are n't as rare as people here seem to believe . 
  not that it matters , you 're still vastly more likely to die driving to and from the amusement park . 
  and you seem to think there have been no mechanical or operational based failures at all . 
  it does happen relatively regularly , you hear about it every few years at least , most are n't fatal thankfully but my point was that even the best rides are n't infallible . 
  i suppose you need to believe that because your brain is incapable of processing nuance . 
  god i hate this site . 
  yes , but i would 've never guessed that from the trailers and promotions . 
  looked like tomorrowland to me . 
  fucking neckbeards ... it 's not even like relatively regularly is an object measure of frequency . 
  trains and planes also suffer mechanic failures relatively regularly too , does n't make them unsafe . 
  here 's a list for europe . 
  here 's the us, 
  i ca n't be arsed to sift through them all to demonstrate my point to you . 
  the reality is that every year multiple people die in major theme parks , however most of these deaths are not the fault of the theme park and are either medical related or due to someone doing something stupid . 
  however , a handful of failures happen every year that are mechanical or operational , and every once in a while these cause injuries and fatalities . 
  just in the last few years i can think of a few , the mechanical accident that happened in australia and killed three , and the operational fault on the smiler in the uk that killed one and injured a bunch more . 
  fyi how do you expect me to give a source on the frequency `` relatively regularly '' it 's not an objective statement . 
  however , if you think fatalities due to mechanical failure or operation failure at major parks is unheard of you 'd be wrong . 
  i 'm not even 30 and i can remember a handful . 
  it definitely does happen relatively regularly from my perspective , and with rollercoasters all over the world why is that surprising ? 
  it does n't change the fact that you 're more likely to die driving to and from the park than on the rides .
