  he does n't mean common as in `` shared '' . 
  he means the historical tradition of common law i.e law produced by the judiciary through precedence . 
  given that civil law is thought by most scholars to provide better material justice though , i do n't know why he 's so keen on it . 
  a = northern pronunciation , ah = home counties pronunciation , aa = rural west country and sw and parts of the midlands pronunciation . 
  the latter is when the vowel is still quite far forward but long . 
  honestly some of the questions in this are n't good . 
  the one you mentioned and also the one about the - r in arm . 
  what it means to pronounce the - r in arm will differ depending on your accent . 
  non-rhotic speaker may will consider themselves as pronounced the - r because the sound of arm is different from the sound of am , despite there being no rhotic sound present . 
  the differences are short and front ( northern ) , long and front ( farmer ) , long and back ( southern ) . 
  lol i came here just to see who would spout this uneducated misconception . 
  the naivety of this almost cute . 
  i suppose that with a labour shortage the fat cats will have no choice but to start upping the wages of unskilled labourers , it 's not at all the case that they 'll likely just take those jobs overseas , and local industries without that option will simply stagnate . 
  working within it , i could go on forever about the relative merits and problems of the german tertiary education sector . 
  germans are loath to accept the bologna system and have only begrudgingly accepted it since its inception . 
  most would rather go back to the diploma system they had before . 
  there is a lot of intellectual snobbery in german due to their seeing themselves as having the best ( overall ) education system in the world , the most educated population , the founding of the doctorate system happening here . 
  there is also a lot of positive to be said for the earnestness with which the german take education though . 
  they really believe that you can go to school to become a better shopkeeper , bank clerk , or insurance salesman . 
  german universities suffer from a real lack of exceptionalism in many areas and tend to be quite plodding for the most with a few exceptions ( berlin , lmu etc ) . 
  problem is there are some really conflicting attitude toward education . 
  many germans see education as a long process , you ca n't just study for 3 years , acquire knowledge and produce something of academic merit and apply it to the workplace . 
  no no , you must spend at least 6 years becoming `` educated '' before you will be transformed into a real thinker . 
  they also have a very hard time striking a balance between intensive school like prescriptive education ( fact learning for the most ) , and almost completely autodidactic study at a higher level . 
  this has produced to two tier `` fachhochschule '' system vs public universities , the former being like school for young adults and the latter being very impersonal . 
  another problem is that the german school system prioritises learning information over encouraging skills like writing . 
  many kids will come to university knowing a lot but barely able to express themselves in a paper because the `` essay '' is not historically a german tradition . 
  you 'll still get kids in the first years that try to submit papers in bullet point form because they only see the task as amassing the pertinent `` correct '' information rather than an intellectual process of taking and defending a position . 
  i think the focus on writing from a young age is actually a positive of the british education system that pays off when kids actually get to university and understand that argument is part of the process . 
  anyway , i think there 's a lot to be said for the british system to be honest , although it does differ greatly in its effectiveness from university to university ( german definitely for the most churns out a more standardised level of education ) . 
  still , i 'm quite wary of a 2 year bachelor system , and while we all know full well that the first year is mostly a transition year for the students to adapt to tertiary level study and most of the real work gets done in 2nd and 3rd , it seems to me to be a necessary transitional period . 
  perhaps allowing students who already have bachelors to do an additional one in 2 years would be a good thing , but i fear that 18 year old students will struggle with it , or else the degrees will be devalued . 
  in many universities around the world you ca n't even go unless you have exactly the right a-levels because they require a broader range of education to 18 by law . 
  e.g if you wanted to study biology in germany you 'd need to have 1 modern language + maths + biology , which would n't be the recommended subjects if you wanted to study biology in britain . 
  edit : why are you downvoting simple facts ? 
  my physics professor had a doctorate , my pe teacher had played rugby at a county level , re teacher was a deacon , my latin teacher had read greats at oxford etc. 
  this is not what anyone should be worrying about , what they should be worrying about is how much money these schools horde with their charitable status and how that money would be put to better use improving the state of national education . 
  yeah , i was being a bit coy , i do understand the inherent ideological preference more libertarian thinker have towards common law , but still , that interpretation of it he espouses is simply untrue . 
  it 's not like common law has stopped the us 's spiral into authoritarianism for the most part haha . 
   well that 's the problem , they think that . 
  a lot of immigrants , not just the ones going to europe , migrate because they think they will get a much better life . 
  that 's how slums start in third world cities . 
  they think that the city/country will be much better but get screwed over once they get here . 
  i 'm obviously not saying that we will be getting slums it 's just an example . 
  it does happen . 
  you and i know the uk is n't perfect but it 's pretty damn great . 
  we 're one the best . 
  have you ever considered that some of the migrants might be wrong about something ? 
  they do n't really think that to be honest . 
  and certainly after undergoing the process of becoming german citizens they 'll be so integrated into the culture they 'll be unlikely to up and leave . 
  a big reason so many immigrants try to get to the uk is because we already have so many immigrants , often they have friends and family there and think if they can join them they can get work through the communities . 
  an immigrant in denmark is more likely to have to become very danish to work and function within the society . 
  still , the actual difference is negligible , the number of immigrants that are going to jump to the uk after getting themselves an eu citizenship is small , you 're being paranoid if you think it will make a difference . 
   that does n't even make any sense . 
  what do you mean ` engage with the world on an international level ' ? 
  what does that mean ? 
  it means that if you engaged with the world more geopolitically you would have a better picture of what is actually happening , of britain 's real place in the world , and this would allay many of your fears that immigrants will use eu nations as a stepping stone to get to the uk , and remove the irrational belief that britain has n't massively benefited from the eu and is n't jeopardising that success by leaving . 
  merkel is doing what germany desperately needs to do to stop a complete collapse of its pension funds due to low birth rates and an ageing population , ironically the uk has been doing exactly the same for years it 's just our population problem is moderately less awful than germany 's ( mostly because we introduced immigration earlier ) . 
  what 's odd is you think this somehow effects the rest of the eu just because a few might choose to move around once they 're eu citizens . 
  this will be a negligible effect , germany has the largest eu economy , a relatively high standard of living , a good record with integrating foreigners . 
  there is some irony in that germany is cleaning up the humanitarian mess we created by destabilising the middle east , we should be thanking them for taking them when our population is so reluctant to , not pointing them as the bad guys because they 're taking in refugees who theoretically could one ( many years from now ) , choose to make use of their freedom of movement . 
  how is that any different from the decision that the uk makes for the `` whole eu '' when it sets its domestic immigration policies ? 
  we 're all making decisions for the whole eu by that logic . 
  if you want a shared immigration policy for the eu that 's a call for great integration and not for a eurosceptic position at all , otherwise you should be glad that immigration policy is n't set by the eu . 
  you engage with the world at an international level by looking just as hard at non-british opinions as you do at british opinions . 
  right now the world thinks the uk has lost the plot and ca n't understand why it 's risking its spot at the most successful / fastest growing eu economy with absolutely nothing guaranteed on the other side . 
  nobody without a horse in the race is extolling the benefits of brexit . 
  narratives that suggest the uk is being sapped by millions of scrounging benefits look frankly ridiculous when viewed from an international perspective . 
  it also gives you a much better perspective on britain 's place in the world , what attracts business to britain and what puts it off , what kind of markets britain succeeds in and which it flounders in . 
  once you 're out the uk bubble it becomes far clearer what it is that britain has to offer the world , and brexit looks like an incredibly stupid idea . 
  britain has a sweet niche as a commercial go between for the two largest economic blocs in the world . 
  outside of the eu it 's going to be much harder to play that role . 
  it 's seen as the most efficient service economy in the eu in which it 's the least hassle to do business , outside of the eu businesses are going to have to reluctantly move that business to somewhere else in the bloc . 
  the problem with people who are n't looking at the big picture is that they 're missing the global reality . 
  they 're themselves `` why should n't britain have a manufacturing base as big as germany 's !, 
  we 're great , we can do anything ! '', 
  and while i agree britain is great and we should n't limit ourselves , it is simply not a reality that we 're going to go back to serving these markets . 
  there is no point quitting your job is you do n't have another one lined but that pays better , but that 's precisely what britain is doing with no practical solution on the other side except perhaps mass deregulation . 
   we 're one of the biggest economies in the world . 
  this means absolutely nothing . 
  economies of our size have be damaged massively at many points in history . 
  unless you 're suggesting we 're too big to fail , which i can assure you we 're not , then this means nothing . 
   it 's not like we 're going to collapse if we ca n't trade with the eu for a few years at the most . 
  funny how you 're so confident that the eu will collapse but britain wo n't . 
   we are great . 
  we 're one of the best , if not the best . 
  why ca n't we serve those markets ? 
  we do n't have the infrastructure , the skills , or the culture . 
  getting those things would take decades not years . 
  the idea that we can just totally change the nature of our economy overnight is completely impossible . 
  the eu will collapse . 
  then we can trade without them meddling with us . 
  no , it wo n't , it will prosper ( or at least plod along ) while we get stuck in economic stagnation . 
  love how you see trying to make decisions to benefit its member states is `` meddling '' . 
   i dont come to the same conclusion . 
  no offence , but you have insane beliefs . 
  like the idea that immigrants come from a `` hostile culture '' . 
  it 's insanity . 
  you should have a really long think about the world , and research what is actually true , because the only reason you are able to believe what you do is because your world view does n't align with reality . 
  you 're clearly afraid of immigrants ( literally nothing to be afraid of there ) , and are buying into narrative of fear and histrionic reactionary behaviour .
