  coke does n't particularly impair you , in fact it can be used when drinking to give yourself greater control , and also makes you confident and enthusiastic . 
  look at someone lsd or mdma and you 'll see someone on a whole other level , whereas someone on coke can keep it together . 
  i 've definitely met a few coke heads who look down on other drugs , even people who smoke weed as it makes you `` lazy '' . 
  i think how the internet has changed `` word of mouth '' is something that we massively underestimate as a change within the public consciousness of our lifetime . 
  i remember as a kid having arguments with friends about some claim or the other and they might go on for days . 
  now everything is just a google away . 
  whenever a disagreement comes up it seems really quite fruitless to debate it rather than just google it and find out the facts . 
  i think it also had impact on the way social scenes and sub culture is perceived too . 
  i remember when knowing about that small venue off the beaten track or that nice small restaurant hidden behind some buildings was a sign of social capital , of knowing the right people who know where to find the right stuff . 
  now you can rock up in a new city and simply google all the local points of interest it changes how we relate to these things . 
  northern england ? 
  they were the man bag `` pouches '' of their day . 
  yeah , probably not a real loss , but it still changed society . 
  back then being `` knowledgeable '' was a real asset , if you could remember those facts and figures then people were impressed . 
  these days however it 's hardly as much of an asset and people tend to look on things more functionally , judging people by their abilities rather than their information retention . 
  buying eccies at the chip shop just seems so quintessential northern , if it was n't there it would be from an ice cream van , let 's face it . 
  the uk does the most cocaine in europe , in the world top 5 just behind the us . 
  if you treat scotland as a single country then it 's the worlds top cocaine consumer . 
  different parts of europe have different rates of consumption . 
  somewhere like spain is quite high whereas somewhere like sweden is quite low . 
  it 's a bit like how we offered the scots such generous terms if they decided to leave in the indyref . 
  how can it be the will of the people when the people do n't even know what they 've voted for ? 
  it should be up to the commons to decide what brexit means . 
  the people who wanted it are doing their best to pretend like it wo n't cripple the country and it 's not an incredibly stupid idea . 
  meanwhile the government is tearing itself apart , stuck choosing between staying in a frying pan or jumping into a fire . 
  i love how you 're completely unable to spell , or at least turn on your spell check , and yet feel entitled to make decisions that will hugely impact the nation 's geopolitical future , as well as believing yourself capable of determining what britain 's situation will be outside of the eu and thus concluding whether it 's a good idea . 
  word to the wise , a criteria of having opinions about parliament is that you know how to spell `` parliament '' . 
  i 'll leave this country before i look at your delusional `` positives '' . 
  we elect representatives precisely because leaving everything to the `` will of the people '' typically ends in disaster , if politics were as simple as doing what the majority wants we would n't need them . 
  it 's parliament 's job to stop the uk ploughing headlong into disaster by hopefully being a bit more intelligent and worldly than the average sort . 
   yeah , you are right i ca n't spell . 
  never could . 
  as a kid teachers said i was dyslexic , never got tested or confirmed though . 
  but that 's not the issue here . 
  that 's no excuse , you 're on a device of some kind that does have a spell check . 
  it 's common courtesy to make the effort . 
   we do n't elect mp 's because they are smarter than us , or better at anything , we elect them because it is the `` best '' form of democracy possible to us . 
  we can not have a referendum for every law change , every new change and every decsion to be made by parliament . 
  we elect these people so that they can represent us and our views , ( that is why you have elections in the first place and not iq test 's to select your mp ) . 
  you elect the person you think will best represent your views . 
  when we do have a referendum and the result is a clear one , then it is the job of the mp 's to represent their people , not go against them . 
  no , that 's simply not true , the purpose of mps is not to mindless enforce the will of their constituents but to take on board their concerns while following a course of action that the cabinet has decided is best for the country . 
  part of their very purpose block the cabinet when they attempt to enact legislation that their constituents do not want . 
   you say you will leave the country before you look at the positives . 
  which is fine , it 's up to you . 
  but thats just not a sensible decsion . 
  you are refuseing to look at the other side or the arguement because you have decided you are right and everyonr else is wrong . 
  maybe you are correct and it will be a disaster , manye i am and it will be better for the uk to be out of the eu . 
  in a decades time when the dust has cleared then you can decide if the choice to leave was the correct one . 
  but untill then i would advise you not to get so worked up about it . 
  no , i have looked at the other side of the argument , i 've looked virtually every popular argument for brexit , and they 're all just patently wrong . 
  let 's look at a few ? 
   britain will prosper trading with the world, 
  not a chance , britain 's negotiating power is vastly decreased as a single nation rather than part of a block , britain will have take whatever is offered . 
  also any potential deals will take years , and under wto rules costs are going to skyrocket . 
   british exports will benefit from a weaker pound, 
  if only britain did n't run a huge trade deficit with the rest of the world . 
  are these export industries going to spring up overnight off the back of the weakened pound ? 
  of course they 're not . 
  what exports that britain does sell the world are typically at the higher end of the production line , some of these actually do produce value ( because they 're specialist industries that ca n't easily be taken overseas ) , but a lot of them are simply assembly roles that are in the uk merely out of convenience , that could easily move overseas . 
  regardless both types are going to suffer more greatly from their import costs increasing than their exports becoming more competitive off the back of a weakened pound ( and that 's assuming their engineering and technical talent just does n't up and move to germany ) . 
  meanwhile the quality of living in britain is going to slump as prices rise due to the increased cost of britain 's desperately needed imports . 
   less immigration will lead to pay rises for low skilled working class britons, 
  there is no evidence that immigrants reduced wages in anything but a few small hard hit sectors , nursing homes , and agricultural labour mostly . 
  not only will it take years for any decrease in immigration to affect labour markets . 
  anyone with an a-level in economics knows that while decreasing labour supply might increase wages , it also reduces employment since companies ca n't afford to employ as many people . 
  ultimately we 'll still have allow higher immigration in to avoid this . 
  the government is n't going to allow wages to suffer labour shortages , it harms our economy . 
   but untill then i would advise you not to get so worked up about it . 
  i suppose if britain had just voted to blow itself up with atom bombs you 'd also be telling me to not to get worked up about it , and to wait and see if in 10 years it does n't work out better . 
  this is so utterly pointless . 
  you are point blank refusing to see the looming cliff that britain is about to go over , falling off of which is not just going to impact your own quality of life in the next decade , but the quality of life of the next generation too . 
  remainers are getting worked up because literally 99 % of the smart people in the world are talking about how badly this will end for britain , and only a mixture of the naive , the gullible , the bigoted , the power hungry seem to be saying it 's a good idea . 
  the problem is , most brexiteers do n't seem to even acknowledge that there is this thing called the economy and that it 's how britain functions , may as well be magic to them , and all they see is one bunch of people saying one thing and another saying the other thing , except one keeps saying a lot about us ( the brexiteers ) and the other says a lot about others ( the eu ) , and they 're literally just voting because they want to support the homeside , which is absurd . 
  well yes , now the secret is to put false information on the internet , and there 's always someone crazy enough to believe it . 
  i do n't agree , it was in the british government 's interest to keep scotland in , so they deliberately made it hard for scots to leave . 
  the eu is going to do the same to us . 
  it 's perfectly clear that single market access is the real power just as sterling was in the indyref . 
  take away the ethical and emotional aspect and what you 're got is self-interest . 
  can they ask why dyson 's founder is so adamantly trying to dissemble the fruit of 40 years peaceful european cooperation and jeopardise the livelihoods of millions of immigrants by lending his voice to the anti-european brigade ? 
  seriously , that was a terrible move for this brand . 
  with authoritarian may expect more of this kind of absurd invasive antiquated nonsense . 
  oh you 've `` always found '' that have you ? 
  well , if you 've `` always found '' it then it must be true . 
  no wonder you 're in denial about the post-brexit economy . 
  i guess you 've `` always found '' that flouncing out of free trade unions never has negative ramifications either . 
   i 'm not sure why you think i 'm in denial about brexit & the economy . 
  it could potentially be a very good thing . 
  if the euro and/or eu implodes , then it could potentially be the most brilliant pre-emptive political manoeuvre ever , and the short-term impacts of rebalancing could be a price absolutely worh paying . 
  i just hope house prices crash so that i can actually afford to buy one , and higher interest rates would be useful . 
  i ca n't believe how many stupid unrealistic things you 've just said , not to mention cruel and callous . 
  not only is it untrue that it could potentially be a good thing , it 's completely untrue that `` the short-term impacts of rebalancing could be a price absolutely worh paying '' . '', 
  i just hope house prices crash so that i can actually afford to buy one '' so when millions are without work and living below the poverty line , and all investment has fled from britain now reduced to a ramshackle country , you 'll get to own a house , lucky you . 
  i 'll over look the fact you just wished unspeakable poverty on over 400 million people living in the eu as if they were inferior too . 
  just simultaneously fatalistic and optimistic logic . 
  leaving the eu will have ramifications that will change the uk 's course for decades into the future , ramifications that will eventually become part of the history of the 21st century . 
  all because some people were too easily led and fell for a bunch of nonsense rhetoric and because a people complacent supporters of the status quo did n't turn out to vote . 
  are you really going to sit by and watch it happen without even saying a word , convincing yourself of intangible `` positives '' to ease your mind ? 
  that 's a terrible attitude to have to life generally . 
   you say my side is wrong .
