  these countries have many millions of people , of course there 's going to some interest in minority sports . 
  you 're ignorant if you think literally no one in a country of millions would be interested in playing a foreign sport . 
  basketball is actually one of the sports that is big in the us that has a quite a lot of universal appeal , there are n't many sports that are comparable ( ignoring netball ) , while other countries usually have their own types of football ( real football , aussie rules , gaelic ) and own bat and ball games . 
  why ? 
  that 's no an americanism it 's just a different phrasing with a slightly differently meaning . 
  one is more one side and one is more cooperative . 
  as in , `` jane and jill love to chat with each other '' , or `` my colleague is endlessly chatting to me , i wish he 'd shut up '' . 
  if you 're going to talk with jane you 're stressing that you 're going to talk it over with her , if you 're going to talk to jane you 're not stressing that . 
  it was mathematike in greek . 
  it belonged to a set of greek words that used the plural ending but were n't themselves plurals . 
  when the word `` mathematics '' was coined it was decided that we should honour this tradition by having a singular word that ended like a plural in english to reflect the greek . 
  when the word was abbreviated it was felt that we should n't lose this special tradition . 
  thus maths . 
  so delicious , but i 've been moving on to replacing tuna with sardines and sprats simply because it 's a lot cheaper , not for any ethical reasons . 
  yeah , that 's the opposite meaning , talk with , is more like a discussion , talk to , is more neutral , and talk at , is completely one sided and just talking regardless of what the other party is doing . 
   self-ownership . 
  my family before your trash, 
  fuck you got mine , also i believe i 'm better than you . 
   they 've never worked or had to figure out their own health care / insurance situation . 
  i 've got my situation worked out . 
  one day he 'll have to do the same, 
  i had to struggle to do this therefore i think everyone else should have to too . 
  hitler was not a socialist in large number of respects . 
  the the only socialist element to national socialism was the nationalisation of industry to serve the national good . 
  he was n't remotely interested in equality or providing for the downtrodden , he did n't want to redistribute wealth because of a believe that it 's unfair that property owners exploit the means to production and get wealthy without lifting a finger . 
  he just wanted to put the nation to work building infrastructure and the military power . 
  in many ways his political philosophy was more in line with right wing capitalism , the notion that the more able person deserves to have all spoils , and the person who happens to be born average or below deserves nothing but the scraps from the master 's table . 
  the main different between nazism and far right capitalism is that under right wing capitalism the more able individual is defined by ability to serve his own interests , while under fascism it was he who served the nation 's interests . 
  that is absolutely and factually bullshit , many countries following the roman law tradition have provably and overwhelmingly better material justice than the us and other common law countries . 
  also `` both sides being part of the court '' is absolutely not how it works in roman law countries , you have an independent defence and prosecution just the same , and your suggestion that they be so is either nothing more than unwarranted slander of foreign legal systems or a complete misunderstanding of what an `` inquisitorial system '' is . 
  the prosecution works on behalf of the prosecution services , an entirely independent entity from the court system . 
  the defence represents you , gives you advice , and works entirely in your interest , you are free to take a publicly provided lawyer ( again working for an entirely separate entity to the court ) , or hire private representation , they do all the same stuff a defence lawyer in a common law system does , mostly speaking on your behalf and giving you council . 
  the prosecution is there to direct the prosecution of the accused , ensuring all lines of questioning are looked into , and a proper argument against the accused is made . 
  in this sense the system is the same as that in common law countries . 
  the difference from common law in this system is that the judge is far more active in the process . 
  under common law , the judge is mostly acting as a referee , overseeing what the prosecution and defence do and making sure that they play by the rules , they also act as a repository of legal expertise on matters of law . 
  demonstrating matters of fact is entirely the remit of the defence and prosecution . 
  however in roman law the roles are reversed , the judge , who usually takes a separate career path from that of a legal representative , is advised by the defence and prosecution about what arguments they 'd like to see made and which lines of inquiry pursued . 
  the judge investigates matters of fact . 
  that means that the witnesses and the accused are not cross examined by the prosecution directly at any point during the trial . 
  the judge leads the investigation asking the questions with the intention of determining the material facts of the case , and then applying the law . 
  it does n't take a genius to realise that the questions asked by a judge who does n't have a stake in the outcome of the trial will be better aimed as finding out what actually happened , while questions asked by the defence or prosecution will have the primary aim of either demonstrating guilt or the absence of guilt . 
  this system is vastly superior because it means that the quality of the prosecutor , or weakness of the defence has less impact on the outcome of a trial . 
  an expensive and expert legal council in a common law system makes waaaay too much of an impact on the outcome of a trial , and this can be shown by looking at case studies where the material facts of cases were nigh on identical yet the outcomes were vastly different due to the quality of the council . 
  another problem with common law is an over reliance on juries . 
  juries are extremely susceptible to being led by good lawyers , and even under common law the frequency of jury trials is decreasing to all but the most serious cases . 
  in roman law , a system of multiple judges , some lay judges and some classically trained , act as jury for the majority of cases and that is something that has frequently been shown to produce better material justice . 
  under common law judges really have no choice but to apply the letter of the law to the decision of the jury on the basis of the arguments made , better lawyers making better arguments and persuading juries more effectively , civil law judges can look more deeply at the interaction between the matters of fact and matters of law , and ultimately are better at enforcing the spirit of the law rather than being backed into a situation where they must make a judgement on the basis of what they 've been presented despite not actually personally wanting to . 
  the problem with common law is that it 's entirely designed around the idea of checks and balances to protect against corruption of the court system . 
  back when regional judges could go rogue and act as they pleased without coming to the attention of the greater legal community it made sense to have a jury of twelve ordinary people with no connection to the legal community to minimise the possibility of corruption . 
  it also made sense to let the lawyers ask the questions directly because a biased judge might neglect to pursue proper inquiry . 
  nowadays , that 's pretty much unnecessary because if someone is n't playing by the rules the corruption will soon become apparent . 
  the checks and balances of common law actually harm the primary job of the legal system which is justice , not the absence of corruption which is secondary . 
  edit : i 'll add that there is a lot more to the quality of a legal system than whether it has common law or civil law foundations , there are better and worse common and civil system , however civil law systems are on average more effective than common law systems when it comes to dispensing justice . 
  very little by any objective standard . 
  if the judge fails to ask the right questions then the prosecution can make the judge ask the right ones , if the the defence feels the right questions have n't been asked they can do the same . 
  most of the wiggle room is how a lawyer words the questions and leads the jury towards a certain conclusion , a slick prosecutor or defence lawyer will do this , but a judge has no reason to , they will ask the questions as plainly as possible , he will actually cooperate with the witness to best understand their version of events , rather than try to push them to say what is most beneficial to their side of the story . 
  if either feel the judge ( or in the cases of all serious crimes the panel of judges ) is acting in a biased manner then the they can take the matter up with the judge 's peers and if they agree then he 'll lose his job or at very least judge will be replaced with a new one . 
  failing that there is always an appeal process , just as there is under common law . 
  you 're flippant comment means nothing when there is an overwhelming amount of research on this matter and it all shows that civil law gets better results than common law most of the time . 
  common law was designed to be the best system back when there was very little that could stop a corrupt judge , you had to minimise the judges involvement and you had to have the decisions made by people who were n't judges or connected to judges to prevent corruption . 
  nowadays judges can not get always with bucking the trend and doing anything unusual because it would be public knowledge hours after the trial . 
  trust me when i say that i 'd rather put my fate in the hands in the decision of a judge whose career will be completely unaffected by the outcome of the trial than in the hands of a public defender who 's up against some rising star in the public prosecution service . 
  i think the two problems are linked . 
  if you only have 6-8 episodes a season then you can work with a small group of writers or even a single writer , however when you 've got to make 14-20 episodes then you need a bloody army of creative types to get it done . 
  american horror story , heroes , lost , they all show signs of this shit , they start so well with such good ideas and then it just ends in a confusing mess of regurgitated ideas , lost plot threads , and obvious decisions by committee . 
  you do n't seem to be getting this at all . 
  the civil law system does not `` put all the power in one judge 's hands '' for fuck 's sake , have you even read my explanation ? 
  first off for anything remotely significant it 's a number of judges . 
  the most significant difference is that it is the judge who phrases the questions and leads the examination of witnesses . 
  the prosecution can only cross examine witnesses through the judge , he will give the judge a list of things he wants asked and the judge will phrase the question how he sees fit , which should be the most plain and obvious way . 
  it 's not counter productive or dangerous at all . 
  say this is a jury trial ( since these exist in both civil and common law systems ) , and you 're the accused , there are a number of witnesses to the crime , do you want the jury 's decision to be made on the basis of answers the witnesses gave to the questions asked by some slick hotshot prosecutors whose only interest is to see you go down the heaviest sentence possible , or do you want it to be asked by someone who has no interest in the outcome of the trial ? 
  a judge under civil law is going to ask a question like `` what did you see on the night of the the crime ? 
  '' , while a prosecutor under common law is going to ask something like `` is it not the case that you said x y z when interviewed by the police '' . 
  in common law , if the accused is guilty then the defence has no interest in the truth being told , and if the accused is not guilty the prosecutor has no interest in the truth being told . 
  in fact the people asking the questions have no interest in truth whatsoever , they are just there to argue , and if getting results means more acclaim and career opportunities for them , that 's it . 
  the jury knows that , so all it comes down to is whom do the jury believe ? 
  lawyer 1 or lawyer 2 , and if lawyer 1 is much better than lawyer 2 then it 's game over for you . 
  the only time you might be better off with common law is if you 're getting tried in a corrupt country and the judge has reason to see you found guilty , because at least then you know the judge wo n't be able to lead the witnesses , that or you happen to be absolutely loaded and able to afford the best lawyers in which case you 've got a better chance of getting off like the affluenza teen or something , however in most of the western world for most people civil law is going to give you a better chance of seeing justice served . 
  yeah because british people always pronounce `` be '' like `` bay '' ... he 's just pronouncing it as it 's written . 
  ordinary officers can issue tickets , just most ca n't be arsed to . 
  who 's betting that this guy considers einstein , alexander graham bell , and tesla to be flag flying apple pie munching through and through americans . 
  i agree with you , the comment you responded to originally was flippant making it sound like emergency landing after engine failure 1 minute before landing was n't a great accomplishment . 
  i also agree that is does sound unintuitive to lower the nose to glide farther , maybe if you 're a pilot it 's not unintuitive but my instinct would be to pull up to descend slower and thus float farther , obviously that would mean losing speed too and probably achieve the opposite . 
  the fact that engine failure after take off is more dangerous is completely irrelevant since you were just making it clear that engine failure 1 minute before landing is n't necessarily the best time for an engine failure . 
  reddit just has a lot of arseholes right now it seems . 
   adjusting altitude and velocity is pretty intuitive actually . 
  i 'm not sure what you mean when you say it 's the opposite of what someone would think . 
  as someone who has never flown a plane my instinct would be to pitch up to fly farther , his comment was very clear and interesting , your original comment makes it sound like landing 1 minute before landing is nothing . 
  if anything you 're the one who sounds like a twat . 
  you 're the weirdo who is wishing failure on someone just because of a reddit comment . 
  at least he brings the craic, 
  it 's not phonetically `` creg '' , that 's just some weird thing that americans do because they pronounce everything fucky , seriously america is full of weird and wonderful pronunciations which most of america think are correct because the majority of yanks use them . 
  it should be pronounced crayg , and you 'll never find someone outside of america pronouncing it creg . 
  as a kid i watched malcolm in the middle and it took me fucking ages to realise that the character was called craig , i thought creg some fucky american name like tyler or chad . 
  the point he was making was perfectly clear and was n't wrong , that point being that right before landing is n't necessarily the best time for the engines to fail . 
  no , i just think reddit if full of whiners like you who lay into people for perfectly reasonable comments . 
  what a douchey thing to need to point out . 
  [ pretty sure this was my first ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=htviyrrgz04 ),
