  when we defeated hitler in the air ? 
  have you forgotten that ? 
  by the time the us joined the germans were getting bombed a lot worse than the british . 
  oh yeah , that was top priority , people clearly fight wars over sailors , nothing to do with the failed annexation of canada ... nothing to see here ... move along . 
  well i 'm not annoyed by the mistake itself , but that fact you say stuff like ... 
   if you meant the scottish stuff you would have called it scotch . 
  why would i ? 
  you 're not in charge of my vocabulary , it 's rather presumptuous of you to second guess what i 'd say . 
   do n't play games man , you spelled it wrong . 
  own up to it like a man . 
  inferring that i 'm so bothered about mistaking whisky and whiskey that i 'm going to `` play games '' to cover it up , and that i 'm somehow not being `` like a man '' in protesting my innocence . 
  make a mistake not reading the thread , whatever , but if you 're going to call someone out like that you could at least make sure you 're actually in the right . 
  the indians whose treaties you were n't respecting and massacring ? 
  the french who were fighting a war with the country whom you 'd had claimed to desire peaceful relationships with ? 
  the whole impressment line is just the us saving face , as well as the fact britain no longer needed to impress sailors at that point . 
   the little province of upper canada holds out two years against the whole force of democracy ? 
  this is very grating, 
  - nathan ford, 
  [ this thread ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o7jlfzhpru4 ), 
  well around me scotch is just a type of whisky , and also scotch usually refers to single malt , while scottish blended whisky is perfectly available . 
  it does make sense , you ca n't check if you 're right 100 % , but you could at least do someone the courtesy of looking at the context of the discussion , it 's only one extra click after all . 
  it 's the same common courtesy as googling something before you you start claiming someone is wrong . 
  i 'm not saying that britain could magic up sailors , i 'm just saying by the time the us sued for peace the demand for sailors was way down . 
  if we 'd badly needed sailors we would 've continued to impress them , what was the us of the time going to do ? 
  set sail for england and invade ? 
  i 'm not being silly , i 'm just saying you should check the parent comments before calling someone out for bullshiting . 
  if someone said `` whiskey is irish '' completely out of the blue that would n't make sense , it 's only logical to check why they are asserting that fact . 
  ah dkp points , i 've still got the fucking insanely complicated excel chart our guild had for dkp , i mean it had a fucking half life inbuilt into it and shit . 
  all perfectly crafted to encourage people spend loot whenever it benefits them but not recklessly spend just because they can . 
  ours was kind of custom , when you looted you lost a percentage of dkp ( something like 60 % ) , you did n't just bid what you were willing to pay , you either paid the % toll or did n't . 
  if item was uncontested you could take it for a lesser dkp penalty . 
  the dkp decayed every raid a certain rate ( something like 5 % ) . 
  we basically crafted the system around the idea people not paying hordeing dkp for that one special drop was just as bad as having a few players with insane dkp taking everything over less active or newer players . 
  it was also to stop players who were n't currently active but had been in the past from turning up for boss kills and taking the loot and then being less active again . 
  ultimately we thought of everything it was a great system that never had a problem . 
  it meant that the most active players were getting more gear but new players and part timers still got their shot ( provided the part timers played consistently rather than sporadically ) as it did n't take long to build up a level of dkp comparative to most active players , it also encouraged people to loot upgrades when they could rather than holding out for that one super rare drop that would them all the prestige outside the bank in ironforge ( since loot decay and also the only value of high dkp being priority on one item ) , but also prevented them from taking gear flippantly ( since a % loss meant that it was always the same cost , in many ways it costs more to a dkp player than a low dkp player ) . 
  simultaneously it stopped loot whores and people who used the guild as stepping stones to top tier guilds ( since it rewarded continued activity ) , we were the best on realm but not remotely world class so this was a common problem we had , people claiming to be in it for the long term but really just looking to get the loot needed for top guilds to consider them . 
  the thing is it really rewarded frequent play , if you were on call for a raid and stayed online the whole time you still got dkp whether you played or not . 
  it was a system that rewarded activity in the short term rather than being the oldest member or most valuable player . 
  well researched, 
  do n't try on it !, 
  english is not easy , sometimes hard to take in it !, 
  that 's actually bullshit . 
  the music industry has changed massively since those days and it makes for a different kind of music culture . 
  anyone who remember the music scenes before the internet , or before mtv even , remembers that music culture used to thrive on word of mouth . 
  bands would start playing local scenes , word would spread and then they 'd get picked up by the labels who 'd give them a shot at a larger tour . 
  many bands only made it this far but many crossed over , marketing was done gradually through magazines and posters . 
  too much too soon would put people off and the band would lose their cool image . 
  it was n't until a band was reaching a high level of fame that they 'd be put on television . 
  there was an element of natural selection to the process . 
  now with instant media and huge marketing budgets a lot of the music around is packaged and produced to be an instant hit . 
  it does n't mean that it 's bad music or that there are n't good artists around as well as guys who came up the old fashioned way . 
  however it 's a fact that the music industry is far more active in defining artists than it was in the past . 
  artists are picked up from next to nothing , entirely on the basis of look and the quality of their voice , their songs are then produced by song writers and producers , their image created by fashion workers , then millions in advertising is put behind them . 
  it 's an investment , and the people in charge want to see a return , the people orchestrating it are n't going to take endless risks , they 're strongly influenced by the idea of `` well this worked before it will work again if we just modernise it a bit '' . 
  i 'd argue it 's much harder for unconventional , revolutionary artists to get their shot at the big time these days , because the industry does n't so much as spot trends and rising stars to grab them early , but creates trends and artists according to time testing formulae that they know will make money . 
  of course another big factor is that the demographic of music buyers has changed immensely too . 
  before everyone paid for music so the market reflected everyone 's tastes , but nowadays if you want to make the most money you should target teenage girls , since this demographic most frequently hands over cash for music , rather than just pirating it or listening to it on youtube . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's just a big load of steaming shite . 
  it 's never been about who has the best voice , there 's always been talented vocalists , it 's about innovative artists who buck the trends . 
  the music market just does n't facilitate this to the same degree any more . 
  this is one of those common myths , that german almost became the official language of the us by one vote . 
  in truth all that happened was a group of germans petitioned congress to the consider the notion that laws should be published in german as well as in english for the benefit of the german speaking communities . 
  they voted to adjourn this matter for latter discussion , however this vote failed by one vote , and the matter was dropped . 
  that 's how far it was from being accepted officially , they could n't even get the vote to consider continuing discussion at a later date . 
   why should pennsylvania , founded by the english , become a colony of aliens , who will shortly be so numerous as to germanize us instead of our anglifying them , and will never adopt our language or customs , any more than they can acquire our complexion . 
  well i think that 's common , most people of english descent in the us these days just call themselves american is in reality english is the defacto nationality of origin for americans . 
  people with one or two german / irish relatives tend to remember that , despite most their relatives being of english descent . 
  british-americans are dying out year after year . 
  in the past their was some prestige to being of british descent since it made you a wasp , but those days are gone . 
  people just like the notion of being a bit irish or german because it sounds interesting . 
  then again when i see americans they do have a more mixed european look if you ask me . 
  british people have a similar look to them , for example less prominent noses and chins , paler complexions , rounder heads . 
  canadians tend to look more british than americans . 
  americans often have stronger features and slightly oilier skin more tanned skin which makes them seem more mainland european than british . 
  i think because those artists you mention are n't redefining music to the same degree that say queen redefined music . 
  they 're talented singers and make catchy songs , but not genre defying innovators . 
  i 'm not saying it does n't still happen at all , but you have to admit something has changed . 
  the internet is great , but there 's also an element of when everyone has access to exposure , it changes the game . 
  for example when queen was newish the industry was against them because they fit the cast , their songs were too long and changing . 
  however the gradual growth in popularity forced them to sit up and listen and they broke through on a world stage through sheer momentum . 
  nowadays if queen existed they 'd be able to get their music out online , however i reckon they 'd find 500k fans worldwide and remain a mid tier artist only appreciated by those who could be bothered with that kind of music . 
  teenage girls were always the biggest market , but you ca n't deny the market has changed . 
  it used to be the norm for 20 somthings and 30 somethings to check out record stores and listen out for what was around , now only aficionados do this kind of thing , and the majority do not take an interest in music culture to the same degree . 
  you ca n't deny that music has become more disposable in the last 20 years . 
  less people care about what 's new and on the rise , what 's cutting edge , and are happy just to consume what is put in front of them . 
  it 's not about the industry though . 
  i 'm not accrediting what was different in the past to the music industry being better , i 'm accrediting it to the culture around the music . 
  back then music culture was different , the notion of things being underground and cool meant more because not everyone knew about these great artists who had n't broken the mainstream yet . 
  people took an interest in that more often . 
  sure it was snobbish and a bit childish , but it meant that music was more often selected for the industry through an elective process , since they could n't wait to get their grubby hands on what was cool and cutting edge . 
  it 's now far easier to manufacture music since the internet has led to endless accessibility . 
  there 's nothing cool about being underground any more really , or at least not to most people , because the only excuse for being underground is being unpopular , rather than the notion that majority simply has n't heard about it yet . 
  in the past it the music industry was feeding off youth culture , scooping up new artists and exploiting them for money , that was hardly benevolent of them , and sure they were tweaking their images and sound , making it more saleable , but nowadays industry creatives are frequently defining trends for mass production . 
  that 's what 's changed if you ask me , the degree to which the industry is able to define what 's popular . 
  look at all the talent show stars , if you 'd tried that in the 80s and 90s people would 've scoffed at it and called it inauthentic , nowadays people do n't even care , and maybe they 're right . 
  when the internet came the pretence of subcultures and counter-culture was mostly stripped away , everyone had access to the knowledge that was so zealously guarded by smaller groups before , the emperor had no clothes , but you ca n't deny it changed the way the music industry functions . 
  well this is where i beg to differ i 'm afraid . 
  firstly i have nothing against pop music , and i think how pop has become more of a slur these days is evidence of the change , pop music is far more defined by the really young demographics . 
  i also ca n't believe that you ca n't see how the culture has changed .
