  i would say i 'm more pro-gg than anti-gg but i ca n't say i find the tone of most pro-gg commentators particularly agreeable . 
  before gg i held out hope that perhaps gaming was moving towards a more mature stage as a media format , but frankly that 's a hope that 's now entirely lost . 
  the veil of professionalism that the media of most industries maintain has been entirely lost in regard to gaming . 
  sadly after seeing this kind of shit in mainstream gaming media i would now be ashamed to call myself a gamer . 
  it 's as if everything that critics outside of gaming once believed has been proved to be true . 
  i continue to play the odd game now and then , but i would never acknowledge a serious interest in public for fear of being associated with such a vile and juvenile culture . 
  whilst i feel sad that this is the case i simply dare n't risk being associated with this world of idiocy for fear of being tarred with the same brush . 
  people may think that i 'm being a dick by taking this kind of opinion rather than taking a side but honestly i 'm beyond caring . 
  every time i see a gg related article it 's just one more pop at social justice culture or another case of some militant politically ignorant pretend activist bending reality to suit their agenda . 
  i wish the gg people all the best in their attempts to heal what is obvious a very sick culture but i have no wish to be involved . 
  at a certain point you have to say fuck you , i 'd rather cultivate interest in a different hobby than identify with these scumfucks anymore . 
  perhaps the `` real '' journalists are correct , gaming is a childish , unproductive pursuit unworthy of real media attention ... 
  some points i 'll make in response are that gaming being mature does n't mean there being only mature games , there are mature and immature films , what i meant by mature is that gaming as an industry/medium would command more respect as time passes . 
  i agree that playing of games is most accepted now , but i think `` gaming '' and `` gamer '' as a label have become more taboo as a result of gg and other similar shitfests . 
  honestly i have not found gamers to be some of the most kind hearted people etc. 
  on the whole i 've found them to be some of the worst most unwelcoming people out there . 
  a culture of elitism , fame whores , and whiners on for the most . 
  that does n't mean that some individuals are n't top rate , but from the behaviour of the masses i think overall they 're not . 
  i love how her question is , how can get him to love me for who i am ( as if who she is is a fat cow ) , rather than , how can i fix my weight issue or reassure my husband that care about him . 
  absolutely , seems germany is all about systems that are designed around circular logic . 
  ca n't get insurance without proof of prior insurance , ca n't have prior insurance without getting insurance . 
  ca n't get a flat without schufa , ca n't get schufa without a flat . 
  ca n't get a job without permanent residence , ca n't get permanent residence without a job . 
  another example is how in germany if you 're not employed you 're expected to be claiming unemployment benefit , despite many foreigners not even qualifying for it . 
  it 's amazing how the people who are in the system do n't see how it 's not working for those outside of it . 
  if you 're german and have lived here all your life then it might seem perfectly reasonable , but anyone who 's new in germany is fucked . 
  we want to kill you for your words too , fucking sidewalks , blinkers , resumes , hoods , and trunks . 
  all your words are either super literal or faux french you bunch of german descended overly literal parvenus !, 
  still correct in most british style guides , i say fuck you !, 
  americans got their - h back ? 
  ( because you country was full of germans trying to read things phonetically ) , i 'll remember that next time i buy some `` erbs '', 
  this one annoys me because it 's both pretentious and wrong . 
  someone says :, 
  `` bill and me want to go to the shop '' - wrong but whatever , you just do n't know the rules and are speaking how it feels natural . 
  `` i think she likes bills and i '' - wrong and pretentious , hypercorrection , most likely because some school ma'am has corrected you and now you 're overcompensating . 
  i played wow and starcraft 2 competitively for many years , i never found the community unwelcoming . 
  as for the trolls and harsh jokes i 'm entirely used to it . 
  nobody was really mean to me and if they were i was entirely hardened to it . 
  what it really is is that gg was something that made me wake up to what a joke the gaming media industry is . 
  a bunch of hacks and wannabes desperately trying to obtain status in an industry that loves to cut people down . 
  to think at one point , i was actually considering a career in gaming journalism myself ( as one of my friends from university has gone on to become quite successfully ) . 
  while i think the pro gg side are probably in the right , there 's still a huge number of tossers supporting it for all the wrong reasons . 
  ultimately , what 's happened to me in the last few years is that gaming `` culture '' and gaming has come to literally repulse me . 
  it 's not just the cartel of sjws who are trying to control public opinion either , but the whole psychology of being a `` gamer '' itself . 
  i guess because of the history of gaming being thought of as childish and anti-social it 's led to gamers identifying a certain way . 
  sadly , imo this has attracted special snowflakes and the socially incompetent to the culture like flies to shit . 
  so much seems inherently wrong with the gaming culture , whether that 's the fanboi-ism , the elitism that abounds in different corners , the rampant throwaway unashamed commercialism of it all . 
  i 've been to various conventions and stuff and just found myself disgusted by the people that i saw there . 
  fat angry nerds trying to out do each other in trivia , blue and pink haired wankers everywhere , people dressing up like morons , it just does n't appeal to me at all . 
  all the while everyone is talking about how gaming is moving mainstream ( which is true in the sense that more people are playing games ) yet the gaming culture seems to be full of `` alternative '' idiots who think that if you 're not alternative yourself you have no place in `` their '' hobby . 
  most the people there just seemed socially anxious or super artifically friendly ( probably just another fame whore trying to plug their channel ) . 
  it sickened me a little inside to watch how people swarmed around anyone with 100k + youtube subscribers frankly . 
  i do n't see how anyone can identify themselves as a serious adult and yet simultaneously identify with the communities around gaming . 
  maybe some people can but i do n't think most adults would be able to . 
  i question how much people like tb and such stick around the gaming industry simply because of the money . 
  hell , if i had some money and a family you 'd have to pay me to go to convention for the fear of losing all self respect . 
  i had hoped at one point that gaming would just become another interest no different from being a fan of sports , or cars , or body building or make up or whatever . 
  however those hopes have been throughly dashed , and the gg fiasco , and exposure of the media was just the straw that broke the camels back . 
  i realise these opinions will be unpopular too , that it 's not considered ok to just give up on something like that , but i have and i reckon other people have too . 
  i wo n't stop playing games , but i 've just said fuck you to the concept of `` gamer '' `` gaming '' and `` gaming culture '' altogether , imo it 's where normal human personality goes to die . 
  i 'll add that i 'm not alone in this , virtually everyone i know plays games ( not just sports games and cod either , plenty of them will play stuff like fall out , bioshock etc ) , however the label gamer has become an albatross around the neck of anyone who dares associate themselves with those freaks . 
  people will hate me for saying this i know , say i was never a true gamer or whatever and i 'm not the kind of person whose welcome in their culture , but in reality i 've clocked up literally years of playtime in various games , actual years , and yet i do n't want to be associated with gamers or gaming anymore than the guy who just buys fifa once a year to play after the pub . 
  it 's just infuriating , i have no idea where i stand as a foreigner and sadly i can only see myself staying here for maybe one more year and then just writing the whole thing off and going back to the uk where at least i know where i stand with the nhs , the ridiculously simple income tax , the flats that simply require you to gain the landlord 's trust and maybe pay the first few months upfront . 
  life was simply ridiculously simple there . 
  i constantly feel like a criminal here for not being in compliance with one thing or another . 
  i used to believe germany was an efficient place but now i just think it 's a bureaucratic mess with an unwillingness to accept change . 
  for a country that claims to want to attract foreign labour it feels like it 's doing a pretty crappy job of it . 
  yeah not all of us have the luxury , some people come here thinking it will be relatively painless , frankly i now see why many polish workers choose the uk over germany despite the added distance . 
  imo germany needs repeal the laws requiring everyone to have health insurance - this is actually just a money spinner for the insurers since they they can back charge fees from when foreigners arrived in germany , nobody is uninsured out of choice , it also makes it impossible for some people even get insured without vast sums of cash ( i know americans who 've been living here for 5 + years without insurance and can not afford the back charges ) . 
  germans of course can just go to the government and plead poverty , foreigners are the ones truly getting fucked by this system . 
  make it so that everyone can get on the public health insurance policy provided they can pay the average rate , no requirement to prove that they 've previously been covered , instead they should simply have to self-fund a medical examination and the policy will be built from that . 
  this would also mean no 3 month rush to get insured , currently if you do n't get insurance within 3 months of anmeldung then you will be denied proper public health insurance and only offered a much more expensive alternative with back payments charged at that rate . 
  ( there are ways to cheat this but they 'll require you to hire an insurance broker to work some magic and that wo n't be cheap itself . ), 
  remove all laws that require some kinds of freelancers to pay into a pension policy , nobody should be forced to pay into such a policy while others are not . 
  otherwise take the pension money from taxes added to all freelance workers as a percentage added to income tax . 
  fair is fair . 
  limit makler fees to one month 's rent . 
  try to stimulate a proper estate agent market that does n't take advantage of people who are simply not well acquainted enough with the culture to find and deal with private landlords . 
  amend rental laws to allow fixed term contracts with stricter provisions making it easier for landlords to evict anti-social tenants and non-payers . 
  this would free up the rental market and stop landlords being so ridiculously cautious . 
  essentially creating a third way alternative between full rental and sub letting that could be more readily used by young people and those who only want to rent short time . 
  i think the real problem is that some german people are making a lot off these quirks of the german system , charging foreigners tons for health insurance , making them pay for insurance that was never available to them , maklers taking money for nothing because the foreigners do n't know how to play the system , sub-letters charging over odds for cheap accommodation since they know foreigners struggle to get proper rentals . 
  the problem is , ff a politician made these changes they would essentially be working against the german people . 
  however i think ultimately germany would benefit , if it really does want to attract foreign labour then it has to change . 
  furthermore money made by cartels exploiting legislation is not actually good for the economy in the long run since it does n't produce any value . 
  edit : i do n't know what the german opinion of these ideas would be to be honest , but if you 're german and considering moving to the uk you 'd have it so much easier , you 'd pay a one off payment about about 700 euros to join the nhs and would be covered for as long as you stayed in the country ( even if it 's for life ) , estate agents take a one off commission for putting together tenants and landlords ( something quite reasonable like 300 euros and naturally only if a contract is signed ) , laws are less protective of tenants altogether meaning landlords take on less personal risk , there is always the risk of the tenant trashing the place of course , but that 's why you have a kaution , however there is little risk of 3 months rent going unpaid and then never being retrieved , with most contracts you can kick someone out virtually as soon as they miss their first payment . 
  this is why uk landlords tend to just focus on whether you seem like a responsible person and are n't too bothered about you proving your finances . 
  subletting is illegal in the uk , even with the permission on the landlord , since it just seems like an obvious way to forego whatever protections the uk system affords tenants . 
  freelance laws are much the same as in germany , you 'll be responsible for you own tax and need an accountant , however your puny state pension is covered by income tax , the decision regarding what to pay into a private pension scheme is entirely left to the individual , and of course it 's a lot simpler with the nhs . 
  maybe i 'm guilty of just wanting the german system to be like back home but to me it makes a lot more sense . 
  edit2 : i can see why back when all eu migrants were automatically afforded full government benefits then it would make sense to discourage them from coming unless they had well paid jobs already lined up , but now that the eu law has been changed to prevent them from just coming and claiming it really is n't a problem . 
  every auslander in germany has to work or they 're fucked , so it 's hardly like they 're coming to germany just to be parasites . 
  he said in english , remember who 's your daddy !, 
  like merriam webster were `` correct '' ... [ in this case it is correct ] ( http://www.oed.com/view/entry/170290?rskey=2sfx1h&amp;result=1#eid ) but still , it 's called english for a reason !, 
  capitalism literally invented everything guys , before the founding fathers invented it people just sat around wanking and collecting benefits . 
  that 's why benjamin franklin invented electricity for us , and bill gate invented the computer , also henry ford invented the automobile and john wayne invented the revolver , walt disney invented the cartoon and mcdonalds invented the burger . 
  god , do n't you know anything !, 
  in most countries the idea of jail time for a dui is insane, 
  i do n't know if you know but bottom bitch is actually the most trusted bitch in a pimps collections of bitches . 
  she 's the one who he considers most loyal , the one he trusts to collect money from other bitches , and the one who gets most spoilt by the pimp and does the least work .
