  you 're just throwing in jibes for effect which show your motivations go beyond the political and into realms of a deep seated emotional hatred . 
  you 're passed merely criticising the uk , and are just mindlessly projecting negativity on all things british . 
  i 'm sorry but your prose style is disjointed and irrational , your points do n't makes sense and your ability to stay on topic is non-existent . 
  all of this points to mental illness of some type or another . 
  i hope you get the help you need . 
  you do realise that you 're just saying words that have little bearing on what i said and then writing `` next ! '', 
  at the end of the paragraph , as if writing `` next ! '', 
  has some kind of bearing on whether those arguments were actually legitimate or correct . 
  i mean are you trying to convince me , or trying to convince yourself ? 
  i hope you can see that these are behaviours that perfectly fit the pattern of an egomaniac , or at very least someone who is experiencing delusions of grandeur . 
  i mean surely , if there 's any sanity left in there , you must realise how utterly ridiculous it is to criticise the uk for not having founding principles when the uk was n't `` founded '' at all , but rather grew spontaneously throughout history . 
  do you understand that saying a culture is inferior because it does n't excel at a particular sport during a certain period of history is actually ridiculous ? 
  you may as well argue that the uk 's lack of success in professional tiddlywinks is indicative of cultural inferiority . 
  the fact is that you 're not using logic or reasoning your comments . 
  your mentally ill brain is giving you the impression that that is the case . 
  but the reality is very different . 
   clearly i do believe they have bearing, 
  and i 'm stating that they do n't, 
   so disagreeing with you is only something an egomaniac would do ? 
  no , writing `` next ! '', 
  in capital letters at the end of a retort is something an egomaniac would do . 
   so was france but that does n't stop it from having principles . 
  france had a revolution , the uk did n't , it 's a simple accident of history that the uk does n't have founding principles . 
  you 're very hung up on this , clearly to anyone with a brain , having founding principles is completely irrelevant to anything . 
  how well a country embodies various universally accepted moral principles does . 
  there are plenty of dictatorships with noble sounding founding principles . 
   but that 's not what i was doing . 
  rather i was laughing at england for being so bad at a sport it is obsessed with . 
  which has nothing to do with he topics this thread is about , which like a said , indicates that you 're not engaging the issues but have some kind of agenda to bash the uk on any grounds whatsoever , even if they 're completely irrelevant . 
   `` u r not using logic . '', 
  is that a theorem ? 
  nope , merely a statement of the fact that your arguments do n't make sense and your belief that you 're using logic is , in my opinion , misguided . 
  seriously buddy , just go look through your post history , it 's full of hatred , anger , and name calling . 
  is this really what you want to be doing with your life ? 
  you 're entitled to your opinions , fair enough , but your post history is not one of a healthy well adapted person . 
  i suggest you go make a cup of tea , and go for a walk around a park or something , smell the flowers , feed the ducks . 
  you must have so much anger inside you to have the motivation to post angry posts so frequently , and that is not healthy . 
   so we 're at an impasse . 
  we are . 
   you do realize you 're not actually making arguments , just giving assertions with nothing to back them up ? 
  which is something an insane person or an islamic jurist would do . 
  i 'm not making arguments because i 'm not actually interested in debating you on your political opinions . 
  i 'm just trying make you see how writing `` next ! '', 
  at the end of a argument is an unusual behaviour . 
  it 's the kind of behaviour a crazy person or a child ( or a child like level of intellect ) might engage in . 
  it 's not the kind of rhetoric that balanced reasonable adults debating politics engage in . 
   and if you have no principles in the first place , as in england 's case , that 's kind of hard . 
  so you 're saying that country ca n't embody say `` fairness '' unless they have fairness as a founding principle . 
  that 's just patently false . 
  now i 'm not saying that the uk embodies fairness , i 'm merely saying that a country does n't need a founding principle of fairness to be fair . 
   no , it 's not . 
  i do n't like this at all and i 'll doubtless quit before long . 
  then stop , you 'll be happier and so will the people on the threads you visit . 
   but realize where i 'm coming from . 
  i keep trying to be a positive presence . 
  and i 'm struck by the overwhelming dishonesty and hypocrisy of the people on here time and time again , which makes me so negative . 
  i understand that you believe that that is the case , and that 's your basis for your feeling that way , but you fail to recognise that just because you perceive something as dishonest or hypocritical , does n't mean it is in objectivity . 
  the people who you see as dishonest and hypocritical do n't feel that way about themselves , but probably believe exactly same about you . 
  in fact i think your arguments are dishonest and hypocritical . 
  imo it 's dishonest to compare the magna carta with the declaration of independence . 
  it 's dishonest to say that the uk embodies unquestioning loyalty to the monarchy when our nation 's history involves a civil war and the foundation of parliamentary democracy , including the gradual reduction of the monarch 's power from absolute to that of a head of state . 
  i think it 's hypocritical of you to call america the good guys when their colonial legacy is imo equally horrific . 
  i think it 's dishonest to ascribe the actions of british settlers in the us to the british , and only ascribe the actions of those very same people to america only after the point of the us becoming a separate country . 
  i think it 's dishonest to bring up sport when we 're talking about politics . 
  but you know what , i 'm not going to get angry about it . 
  i 'm going to go away and cook my dinner and watch some tv , because it would be personally harmful to get too stressed out because one redditor holds opinions that i think are wrong . 
   i do n't care what you consider to be unusual behaviour . 
  have you got that yet ? 
  calling me a child and crazy is abusive and the fact that you think you have the high ground shows what a hypocrite you are . 
  it 's not about what i find unusual it 's about what society finds unusual . 
  you are doing something society finds unusual , why are you doing this ? 
  do you want to appear unusual or do you not care if people think you 're nuts ? 
  ( and consequently dismiss your arguments ) . 
   look , it 's very simple : the united states is based on some very laudable principles . 
  france is to a lesser extent . 
  england does n't have any principles except maybe a sanctification of royalty and a medieval model of land ownership . 
  that is the basic point i was making , and your pedantry on the subject does n't speak highly of you . 
  it 's pedantry to point that it 's what a country is , rather that what it was founded on , that actually matters ? 
  er . . k, 
   you do n't seem to `` get it '' that one actually has to evaluate arguments and decide their truth . 
  and clearly i believe that logic and evidence is overwhelmingly in my favour . 
  not necessary on this subject where i admit i 'm more interested in making an original point and shattering people 's conceits than in rigorously true statements . 
  if it 's so overwhelming why does almost nobody agree with you ? 
  which are all your posts downvoted ? 
  is everyone stupid and you 're the enlightened one ? 
  that sounds to me like the belief of someone delusional and/or mentally ill . 
   they do n't have a colonial legacy , except maybe in the philippines . 
  that can hardly be set against the entire colonial history of the british empire . 
  asides from you know , being a colony ? 
   no , i 'm just saying that the british did those things too . 
  so it 's a wash as far as atrocities against natives are concerned . 
  look to other things if you want to compare britain and the us instead of common attributes which cancel each other out . 
  no they did n't , people who went from britain and countries who went to the us did those things , we have a name for those people , americans . 
  look it 's time to stop this stupid conversation . 
  i was merely trying provoke into a little self-awareness , but i 've done all i can now . 
  globalisation does have negative impacts . 
  opening markets can destroy jobs in low skill sectors where developed nations can not compete , it can also reduce growth in undeveloped nations in high skilled sectors as businesses choose overseas options rather than supporting their local developing skilled market sectors . 
  the answer , however , is not to fight it . 
  what many people fail to understand is that while workers in less globalised nations typically do control a larger share of the nations wealth , a protectionist nation will still be overall poorer for it in terms of the quantity of raw goods and services available . 
  the reason you can buy that can of beans dirt cheap in the supermarket is because you 're not buying it from a farmer who needs to earn the amount of money as a british farmer does .
