  she said she went through an amber light when she hit him which put her at fault . 
  it 's punishable but it 's still more or less an accident , she did n't intend to kill anyone . 
  car accidents happen every day , you ca n't go locking people up for 10 years everyone time someone happens to die . 
  from what i 've heard people eat pretty well in uk prisons at least . 
  three square meals at day , pretty much like what you 'd get at school . 
  it 's all portioned out meticulously to prevent squabbling . 
  if anything this will be good for her diet because she wo n't be able to binge like a pig . 
  she 'll still buy the maximum amount of sweeties i reckon though . 
  why would we say yellow when they 're amber ? 
  a light made out of a fossilised dinosaur ... moron . 
  no i did n't contradict myself, 
   if you kill someone in a car accident you do n't go to jail unless you 're negligent in doing do . 
   she said she went through an amber light when she hit him which put her ** at fault . 
  you do realise that she is going to jail right ? 
  my point being that the only reason she 's going to jail at all is because it was negligent driving that led to the victims death . 
  my other point being that you ca n't lock everyone up for 10 year if their poor driving leads to someone 's death . 
  ten years for reckless endangerment ? 
  never heard of that in the uk . 
  people serve the same for armed robbery . 
  also you ca n't just massively change the rules based on the outcome of a crime . 
  punishment is n't about giving people satisfaction for their losses , giving someone who is super reckless in their driving but lucks out and the victim does n't suffer permanent damage , a light sentence and then giving someone who is a bit reckless but is unlucky and kills someone a harsh sentence is n't really justice . 
  you 're an adult you should know what amber means ... 
  amber is a colour you idiot . 
  it 's not just the material . 
  it 's like saying violet instead of just purple , or burgundy instead of brown , or scarlet instead of red . 
  you should know this by adulthood . 
  that 's why you 're a moron . 
  at least i knew it was a colour ... 
  monaco is in europe , switzerland is in europe , norway is in europe . 
  just saying . 
  oh and which law abiding country are you from ? 
  usa ? 
  that 's like saying i 'm not visiting washington because baltimore . 
  ( yes i know baltimore is outside of dc but it was also public disorder on a far far bigger scale ) . 
  that 's not the point ... my point was that it 's stupid to say do n't visit an area because of a few incidents like this . 
  lawless ? 
  the police no doubt dealt with when they were informed of what happened . 
  it 's not like american riots where people have their livelihoods burnt to the ground . 
  it 's massively arrogant of you to say you 're going to avoid a place or suggest it to be lawless from your position of complete ignorance . 
  where you live now is probably equally , or more lawless , you just like to judge from a foreigner 's perspective . 
  i actually quite like that one . 
  yeah , at one point he looks like he 's talking into a radio so i 'm thinking he 's security / store detective . 
  show violent programmes full of drug addicts like dog the bounty hunter on daytime tv all the time ... get mad because someone let their kid view a incident with the police from the safety of a vehicle . 
  ergh , obviously i mean those countries are in the europe * and all the cities they contain such as oslo , lucerne , geneva and zurich . 
  all of which are more expensive than london . 
  no , i 'm saying you should n't avoid a whole city and brand it lawless from one little strike that resulted in a few incidents of disorder . 
  yeah but it was totally worth it , wow might have taken a couple of years in my early 20s but we had some fun times . 
  except he said most expensive in europe not the eu . 
  so that 's hardly relevant . 
  my comment was a typo/fuck up, 
  all these people who complain about paying hundreds of monies for their course textbooks do n't seem to realise that you can get through university without a single latest edition textbook . 
  just buy one or two editions back , what 's your professor going to do ? 
  so dank my eyes bled o_o, 
  yeah these would be the exception , it was the same for my logic classes . 
  but otherwise just buy the old one and let your professor deal with it . 
  hell sometimes i did n't even buy the book and just acquired pdfs or photocopied shit in the library as necessary . 
  how is that cynical ? 
  it 's cynical to think justice should be entirely about outcomes and not at all about danger or intent . 
  we do allow outcomes to influence sentencing , but to say it should massively impact the outcome , 2 years for negligently hitting someone with your vehicle and 10 years for negligently killing someone with your vehicle is not fair . 
  no i did n't . 
  i live about 100 km from the swiss border , i 'm simply so used to writing about the eu that i mindlessly wrote that instead of europe , it 's called a fuck up . 
  you can always tell americans by their names . 
  hunter , kenny , austin , harrison , caleb , kyle , cole , tyler , mason , kelly ( for a boy ? 
  dillan , skyler would all raise eyebrows outside of north america imo . 
  in my whole life i 've never met anyone with these names except for one mason and everyone assumed he was american . 
  why do you assume i studied a stem subject ? 
  if your course has text books with an online component then you 're screwed . 
  i graduated a few years ago . 
  the only courses that had textbooks with online parts were the courses in formal logic . 
  my professors would say buy the latest one and i 'd just make do with an older edition , made absolutely no difference to my course . 
  well the only thing i studied that required it was formal logic so , i guess i was lucky . 
  most other textbooks were stuff that 's been in print for decades , and just gets slightly revised each time . 
  furthermore logic i & ii were the only courses that had any homework style questions , the rest was all just required reading . 
  i do n't understand about majors , all i know is that for most courses at my university , of which most are n't stem , courses that required text books with an online element were the minority . 
  all the reading lists would state for example 5th edition , but the difference between 4th and 5th would be about 1000 words of amendments , and if you did find something lacking the library would have the latest edition so you could go there photocopy the relevant section . 
  the answer would be yes . 
  better well bred than red !, 
  well i ca n't speak for your country but in my country the idea of homework at university is rather uncommon . 
  almost all my courses had one graded assignment which did n't count to your course grade and that was it , kind of like a mock coursework . 
  often failing to do this just got you in trouble and was n't a big deal , more fool you for not taking the chance to get feedback on your work . 
  the only other piece of work you did was your coursework for real . 
  the only courses that had a real homework like system were usually maths and engineering , in which you 'd be set problems each week , they 'd be marked by computer and the resultant score would count towards your grade . 
  well i did n't mean all the maths and engineering courses used this system , i just mean a higher percentage of the courses that the mathematicians and engineers took used this system . 
  i 've never heard of anyone having an online component in their social science / humanities courses ever . 
  like i said the only course i took with this online system that meant you have to buy the textbook was the logic courses . 
  i must have bought about 6 brand new text books during my whole degree . 
  and repopulate the earth with a bear . 
  [ their future ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qbryo6mji4e ), 
  do you get to the cloud district often ? 
  oh what am i saying , of course you do n't . 
  saw the title and just noped out of there . 
  nope . 
  yeah sorry , we 've only managed to keep going for 1000 years without a revolutions or complete overhauls of government . 
  we 'll just pack it all up because some tard says it 's `` outdated '' now shall we ? 
  fyi more of the worlds successful countries are constitutional monarchies . 
  furthermore the alternative , a republic , goes all the way back the romans , i suppose that 's outdated too , oh and democracy goes back to the ancient greeks , that 's outdated too . 
  seriously sod off . 
  this is why we were better off with you as a peasant without land rights . 
  we would n't have to hear your shit . 
  found the hker,
