  you 're not old , and when you 're bordering on 30 you 're going to feel a lot younger and wish that day would never come ... 
  thank you for using the definite article with my name . 
  it feels apropos ... 
  think of the dank weed !, 
  wow , think before you speak . 
  it 's fine to do logging when you 've vast areas of wilderness and can rotate them on a 10/15 yearly basis . 
  there 's no point in reforesting land in a small country like the uk though , that land could easily be put to better use . 
  bernard williams, 
  do n't waste your youth being young , that 's some wise shit right there . 
  does n't mean act all mature at a young age as many people understand it . 
  it means try not to do what most young people do , assume they 'll be young forever so do n't most they the most of it , think being aloof is cool because they are defined as cool due to their age group , still trying to impress their peers . 
  i wish i had had the social skills , openness to people , and confidence i have now approaching 30 when i was 20 . 
  when i was your age i would 've never dreamt of just going to bar alone and making friends , i would n't have known how , and the only friends i would 've made were ones who met my strict requirements of being similar to myself . 
  i was too wrapped up in this faux maturity and cynicism to ever lower myself to meeting people on their level . 
  now i have friends in their 40s , friends with children , friends whose life experience totally differs from my own , but i only won people 's respect when i stopped being a presumptive typical too cool for school young pretend grown up , and started to be a real one . 
  yes they are both biologically herpes however in any sense that matters it 's not the same . 
  one is a harmful incurable sti , the other is a harmless virus that can be transmitted by a peck on the cheek . 
  most major cities haha , google pascha, 
  no yew !, 
  is the church of england a cult ? 
  because they do n't really seem to particularly bothered about all that god malarkey . 
  growing up in the coe there were gay and female priests , mostly it seemed like a club for old ladies to have knitting circles . 
  i do n't really see what a moderate religion like coe or non-orthodox judaism has in common with a cult , they just seem like traditions to me . 
  that 's just stupid . 
  climate change is a real problem , pollution is a real problem . 
  sure putting a can in a special bin is n't doing much but it 's good that people are willing to make these small sacrifices . 
  climate change is just about a change in the way people interact with the world . 
  if you 'd gone back 100 years and told them about sending aid to developing countries they 'd have thought you mad . 
  in the future it will be a good thing if we can live more harmoniously with nature , up until recently humans were all about conquering nature , now as a species we 're starting to realise that nature is actually pretty good and should be preserved . 
  it 's obvious when you think about it . 
  would you rather live in a big industrial wasteland or in an environment interwoven with nature . 
  looking out for the environment is no different from building a park instead of selling of the land for real estate , it 's just an indication that as humans we actually like living in a natural way . 
  yeah english is like that , easy to start , difficult to master . 
  it 's the product of having a language that relies so heavily on syntax for different shades of meaning imo . 
  for example `` never have i seen such wonders '' might seem like an obvious sentence to a native speaker , but a learner will be like `` wtf starting a sentence with never ? '', 
  and then `` wtf why is it have i rather than i have ... it 's not a question '' . 
  again stuff like `` rarely do i meet such people '' compared to `` occasionally i do meet such people '' ... why is `` rarely '' grammatically different from `` occasionally '' ? 
  because fuck you that 's why !, 
  there 's so much shit like this . 
  `` turn on the light '' good `` turn on it '' bad . 
  `` he 'll turn on you '' has a massive difference in meaning to `` he 'll turn you on '' . 
  this is why many people who 've spent years learning english sound very formal , because it 's actually easier to say `` he 'll betray you '' and `` he 'll arouse you '' because at least there 's no room to fuck up . 
  when english is taught it has to be taught kinda like scientology , when you 're a new member ( learner ) you are taught one thing , then when you advance to the higher echelons then you learn that what you learnt before was n't 100 % true , and there 's a secret more complicated rule to follow . 
  tl ; dr english is a cult . 
  well most people probably go into it already endeared to jkr version . 
  i personally thought it was refreshing to have a flawed hero . 
  someone who behaved like a real person would , not just mindlessly accept this magical world without question . 
  [ wittgenstein 's ladder ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/lie-to-children ), 
  afaik hsv-2 can cause fertility problems in women and also cause greater irritation . 
  hsv-1 can not do this and is no danger to anyone but new borns ... 
  wow unnecessary . 
  i hope your gums go grey, 
  so what ? 
  lad is a word ... 
  sticking to your beliefs , a great american virtue , even in the face of evidence that proves you wrong !, 
  yes , clearly my two word response is an example of `` getting worked up '' . 
  like i said before `` so what '' , if you make a dick move towards someone that move is n't lessened by how much of a dick the recipient of your dickishness is . 
  you should end a letter to the queen with `` i have the honour to be , madam , your majesty 's humble and obedient servant '' not `` regards '' !, 
  technical treason !, 
  the best kind of treason !, 
  that 's not how it works . 
  why not both ? 
  spelling and pronunciation . 
  i 'm particularly referring to british vs american . 
  number of times i 've been told it 's `` spelled '' not `` spelt '' or that it 's `` learned '' not `` learnt '' . 
  this is why i think it 's funny when people who obviously do n't live in the uk go on about the uk being a police state . 
  there 's a difference between being a country a lot of stupid petty laws and being a country where stupid laws are rigorously enforced . 
  just because our politicians and law makers are ridiculously out of touch does no mean that anyone pays attention to them . 
  i mean technically in the uk you could get prison time for cannabis possession , when in reality most police will just take your weed off you and give you a telling off . 
  edit : i really get the vibe that in other countries , for example , germany , laws are meant to actually be followed , in the uk it feels like laws are only there for when you actually piss someone off . 
  [ well hello there ] ( http://i.ytimg.com/vi/9hvc2kzzvne/maxresdefault.jpg ), 
  the law is an ass . 
  it 's a lot more complicated than the way you 're looking at it . 
  when someone is running they are doing something entirely on their own , of their own voilition , with their body . 
  it would be to ridiculous to legislate running in public places . 
  however when you bring a machine of any sort into the equation things get more complicated . 
  machines can malfunction and contribute to the cause of accidents , machines can contribute to risk of an accident ( for example someone can say , i crashed into that arthritic granny because i was unfamilar with the machine , nobody can say they were unfamiliar with the act of running ) , there 's just lots of factors to consider . 
  ultimately it comes down to questions of liability and negligence . 
  it 's reasonable for all human being to be able to make a judgement regarding what constitutes negligent or dangerous running , judges are therefore capable of making a decision on the basis of simple common knowledge , since everyone knows what it is to run , however since there are virtually endless ways to build contraptions for transport , you ca n't make an a prori judgement over what is and what is n't acceptable . 
  the law aims at simplicity , so doing something like blanket banning the use of motor powered machines on pavements makes sense . 
  then what can happen is that as new modes of transport become popular , such as power-assisted bicycles or mobility scooters , the law can then legislate for those specific items in full knowledge of the specifics . 
  what would be stupid is trying to create a law that would cover all possible future modes of transport when the legislators have no clue what new modes will appear 30 years down the line . 
  the law also aims to be cautious , in the minds of lawmakers an overly cautious law is better than one that is not cautious enough , because if it 's under cautious then by the time the first accident happens it will be too late . 
  in reality there 's probably nothing more dangerous about these hoverboard segways than running , but the law does n't work that way for a reason . 
  holy fucking shit are they really that expensive . 
  now i kind think the people that have them are money wasting dicks !, 
  just google epic sax guy , i think there 's a 10 hour version on youtube , it 's just one of those things like the he-man song that people go crazy for . 
  ban everything , enforce nothing ... 
  it 's the british way . 
  i 'm digging steve 's fashion sense , i do n't even have to do anything since i also own plain t-shirts and a maroon hoody !, 
  sounds like my ex right there . 
  except she was a normal weight , but she was bat shit insane and needed sex to feel valued . 
  she 'd wait until after the sex to start telling guys about how she was abused , had a personality disorder and often contemplated suicide . 
  she 'd been physically thrown out of people 's houses more times than i can remember . 
  needless to say relationship did n't last long , and i learned that you should never stick your dick in crazy . 
  you 've got something wrong with your brain mate . 
  germany ai n't too shabby if you can deal with the silly laws about freelancers . 
  nodding ? 
  he was probably suffering a lot psychologically . 
  i know that when i have a big problem i might bring it up inappropriately with strangers after a few drinks , just to see how they react .
