  the point is merely that youth culture movements of this scale ca n't happen because the way that they are seized upon and demystified so much sooner , a product of the internet lowering the barrier to mainstream access . 
  sure there are still small niche underground scenes and parties , however when something like that starts to get bigger they are quickly engulfed by mainstream culture . 
  this means they lose their underground feel at a comparatively much smaller number of participants than before the internet was part of everyone 's life . 
  that is my point , nothing else . 
  ultimately i think the internet has changed two things 1 . 
  the speed at which things with appeal reach their audience 2 . 
  the degree to which people can convince themselves a culture is still `` cool '' and underground relative to the number of participants . 
  if there was a large scale movement like rave culture going on with the youth today , i , as would most people , be very much aware of it . 
  there 's still underground stuff i 'm sure , but if ever starts spreading around like rave did back in the day it will be weeks and months rather than years , and in another year or so we 'll all be sick of it . 
  which sounds pretty much reflective of the changes i 'm suggesting if you ask me . 
  i think some people are taking what i said the wrong way . 
  i 'm not even suggesting it 's a bad change , just a change . 
  i remember what the music scenes in the 90s and early 00s were like and it was cliquey and elitist as hell at times . 
  it 's probably a good thing that now kids can make a tune , put it on online and if it gets the attention become an overnight sensation without it being a slow growth . 
  i just think this explains we do n't see the kind of youth culture tribalism we did in the past . 
  oh , i agree completely . 
  if anything all the internet really did was expose the absurdity of that attitudes back in the day . 
  look at this fantazia event , probably upwards of 10,000 people , yet i bet every one of them felt they were part of something unique and special simply because it was n't the kind of thing you 'd see advertised on television or in popular newspapers/magazines ( pretty much the only `` mainstream '' media they had in those days ) . 
  there really was n't any barrier to entry that actually meant anything , you simply had to live in the right area or be friends with the right people in order to get your flyer telling you the location and time of the events . 
  however , people did feel that way , and that was part of the extreme draw of sub-cultural movements in the past . 
  it 's probably better nowadays , but i just was posing a theory to why we do n't see the same degree of tribalism in youth culture these days than what we saw in the past . 
  it 's simply lost it 's meaning , the pretence of being `` in the know '' has been laid bare for what it is . 
  without the internet , ideas , fashions and news spread slower , it relied on a monkey see monkey do style expansion of kids copying other kids because they were looking for a sense of belonging and inclusion , now things blow up way faster and burn out way faster too . 
  also , the fact that this culture is theoretically accessible removes the mystique , the pretence of being part of a select group who are in the know , since anyone can theoretically learn about your subculture . 
  that 's about it . 
  the mystique of it all was pretty much artificial , existing only in the minds of the participants , the speed of how it diffused was only because of the technological limitations of the era , and it 's probably better now , but it has changed how we perceive things . 
  maybe it came across that way but i was n't really lamenting it 's absence so much . 
  like other people have said . 
  the feelings of exclusiveness these cultures relied upon was really artificial . 
  it just happened you lived in the right area or had the right friends to know where the parties were being held . 
  whether you were part of it was really a completely arbitrary factor . 
  however , that fact that people could believe that they were part of something special and exclusive definitely changed the way people related to subculture , and i think that made certain feeling , attitudes and vibes possible that can no longer be maintained . 
  it made groups feel like that they had something in common without each other , being two members of the same tribe rather than two completely separate individuals who both happen to like similar things . 
  similarly who popular a party or a music genre is should really have any bearing on whether it 's actually good music , but people used to love the idea that their band could only be found in indie record stores and underground magazines , that they knew about it before it was `` cool '' . 
  again , this was a silly thing to believe , but people believed it nonetheless and changed the way they interacted . 
  i 'm not really lamenting the loss of these things because they were n't even that good . 
  merely lamenting the fact that kids growing up now wo n't really know what you mean when you talk about it . 
  as shitty as it was , you could n't really experience the way it was back then if you wanted to . 
  also funny that in wales they said `` surfie '' , when i was much younger it was `` skaters '' vs chavs/townies/barries / kevs/scallies , or whatever you wanted to call it . 
  come friendly bombs and fall on slough !, 
  it is n't fit for humans now ,, 
  there is n't grass to graze a cow . 
  swarm over , death !, 
  come , bombs and blow to smithereens, 
  those air - conditioned , bright canteens ,, 
  tinned fruit , tinned meat , tinned milk , tinned beans ,, 
  tinned minds , tinned breath . 
  mess up the mess they call a town -, 
  a house for ninety-seven down, 
  and once a week a half a crown, 
  for twenty years . 
  i hate your voice . 
  seriously , why hate on someone because of their voice/accent , they ca n't help it . 
  british people have to put up with your american drawls , just deal with it . 
  i never claimed they did n't , just look at my other comments for clarification , i 've explained a bunch of times already . 
  why though ? 
  guy has a perfectly standard accent / voice . 
  i 'm no angry in the slightest , but your attitude sucks , and by people 's responses it seems many agree with me . 
  fyi dextroamphetamine is available at every good drug dealer , but that 's what is ... speed . 
  ever heard of dexy 's midnight runners ? 
  most european doctors are n't looking to peddle you highly addictive drugs so you 'll keep paying for prescriptions . 
  different doctors and countries differ on what particular sris they use to treat depression , you 'll find a wide range available . 
  why do you expect anyone to care about you inexplicable dislike for someone 's voice . 
  what if someone said that about you ? 
  would you like it ? 
  you sound like a spoilt brat even mentioning it . 
  i never said there was n't , that was n't my point . 
  not in the slightest . 
  i 'm well aware there are raves and festivals , that was n't my point . 
  again , you 're missing the point . 
  there 's nothing contradictory about it . 
  i 'm not talking about the scale of the events , there are tonnes of huge commercial events where you can rave with thousands of people . 
  nor am i saying there is n't an underground scene any more either . 
  my point was merely that the same subcultural attitude can not exist because when something starts to get popular it immediately becomes accessible to everyone . 
  no it does n't exist . 
  because a subculture which does n't have this kind of momentum or size does n't create the same thing . 
  in real english , only punctuation that belongs to the quotation goes inside the quotation marks . 
  it 's pretty damn logical really yet americans struggle with the concept . 
  i came here to read funny things that the trump supporters would say about britain - was not disappointed, 
  fool of a took !, 
  no they were n't . 
  neither helen sharman nor mark shuttleworth have us citizenship . 
  i 'm not even that old . 
  please read what i 'm saying . 
  i 'm not saying there 's no underground shit . 
  i 'm just saying you could n't have that kind of summer of love style crazy youth culture movement happening in this day and age , what with thousands of people raving in abandoned warehouses through events they 'd heard of through word of mouth , while most the country have no idea what it 's all about and are either oblivious or bewildered . 
  if you tried that today it would be plastered all over facebook , it would blow up over night , and if because of its accessibility the pretence of exclusivity , of the coming together of like minded folk , would be totally disillusioned . 
  have n't you watched jump street ? 
  things have changed , intolerance is not cool any more !, 
  which means you 'll never get the kind of mass underground cultural youth movements that i 'm talking about . 
  only small niche events or things that have exploded into the mainstream . 
  there story of harry , a un observer in the middle east who witnesses the public humiliation and execution of a leading progressive islamic intellectual . 
  german efficiency should not be mistaken with expedience or speed . 
  in fact it 's quite the opposite . 
  german efficiency means every possible possibility is checked thrice over , every document is signed and stamped in triplicate , and every feasible objection has been fielded and considered . 
  german efficiency should really be called german thoroughness and methodology . 
  funny , we have this thing called the burden of proof in germany , you ca n't actually go around accusing people of crimes unless you have solid evidence it was them . 
  maybe you 're unfamiliar with it in your country because 90 % of cases are settled with plea bargains , neatly avoiding the necessity of arguing matters in court ? 
  i order my steaks \u00e0 point because i 'm just fancy like that . 
  jeez , why 's it always the foreigners exaggerating and making out like the world is ending over here ?
