  why is it ridiculous ? 
  everything i said there was true . 
  eurovision is n't taken seriously , it 's not even meant to be good music in the traditional sense , if you are legitimate music artist you would never compete . 
  it 's literally a pastiche of classic cheesey 60s and 70s europop . 
  it was won by a man with a beard wearing a dress a couple of years ago . 
  most of the viewers are watching to see what absurd crazy things people will do this time , not because they actually want to buy the songs on itunes and listen to them . 
  it 's the ultimate in camp and kitsch . 
  [ the response ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lqcu36pkh7c ), 
  she 's such an angsty whiney teen girl in the books , you 're right there . 
  show dany is way more badass . 
  we only have brienne 's word on that . 
  i 'm choosing not to believe . 
  show us a body or the true king of westeros lives . 
  i do n't agree with you that it 's `` gone to shit '' , that 's too strong , it 's still better television than most shit out there . 
  however , otherwise i totally agree with you . 
  way too many storylines per episode right now , we 're jumping around all over the place . 
  also , i agree it 's so filler heavy right now . 
  i do n't think your anime / manga analogy is very good , the material is too different , however i agree they are putting filler in . 
  the filler is under the guise of character development , we get to see characters interacting , which is n't bad by itself , but a lot of it is lack lustre and not directly relevant to anything happening . 
  for example , we 're getting long scenes of tyrion trying to play a game with missandei and grey worm . 
  this is slightly amusing , and establishes how different tyrions attitude is what they 're used to , how tyrion 's ruling styles is antithetical to dany 's but it 's waay too long . 
  if it was just this scene surrounded by more plot developing scenes we would n't care , but we 're these kind of scenes too much . 
  we get scenes with pyrcelle talking to tommen that was literally empty , all it showed was that tommen still listens to him and that cersei hates him . 
  we get scenes with sam and gilly , fine , but nothing actually happens . 
  why not show us them arriving in old town rather than have them talk about it for ages and then have an emotional moment . 
  we get to hear the brodraki having long chats about fucking dany , again it would be funny if all the other scenes were n't similar dialogue heavy filler . 
  instead of getting plot events , we 're getting fan service instead . 
  ollie being killed is great , but it 's pure fan service , it does n't affect the plot . 
  jon coming back to life too , that 's great , and sure it 's a plot event that matters , but 's not surprising or particularly interesting to watch . 
  waiting a whole episode just to see a corpse take a breath is not the same as having some real shit go down . 
  i really hope they 've got some fucking interesting shit that 's actually going to happen soon , rather than hinting at it and watching characters talking about what we already know has happened . 
  i 've watched since season 1 and i totally agree with him . 
  there is way too much character interaction and not enough plot development so far this season . 
  i do n't expect a red wedding every episode , but other seasons had a much stronger feeling of direction . 
  right now we 're getting way too many scenes like the one where tyrion tries to play a game with grey worm and missandei , it 's nice for fleshing out the characters and their relationships , and if these scenes were balanced with some more plot developments they 'd be great , but it feels like we 're getting too many of these scenes . 
  instead we 're getting fan service like ollie being killed , and titties , but we 're not getting many substantial events , which is n't good . 
  not dany 's ass though sadly :(, 
  have faith brother , ours is the fury !, 
  are you watching the same show as i am ? 
  asides from jon coming back to life , roose 's murder , and now dany 's shit what has actually happened ? 
  it 's all tits and dead children . 
  i feel like i could do this even cheaper in germany . 
  thank god for aldi . 
  no offence taken . 
  i mostly speak german in the pub , but i work in english . 
  this means i can shoot the shit in german all day , but struggle to express more complicated thoughts as i rarely need to and barely ever write in german . 
  it 's something i 'm working on but progress is slow . 
  i think food is just cheaper in germany than france . 
  i heard we have the lowest margins on food in europe , for example , 500g mince ( mixed pork and beef ) for 1.99 . 
  german lidl is equally cheap as aldi , but if you have an aldi nearby give it a look in . 
  last week i was talking to my friend bob , if it were to have happened before then , he would have done it . 
  i think that 's the closest you can get in english , but it 's formed with the perfect not the pluperfect . 
  it 's actually more complicated than that . 
  if we look into it in depth , the present perfect is actually a present tense combined with the perfect aspect . 
  in english it 's used for all different kinds of functions , but they all have this kind of unusual logic to them . 
  1 . experiences and events in a non-specific time e.g i 've visited france , he 's attacked us 5 times . 
  ( i am presently in a state of having visited france , he is currently in a state of having attacked 5 times ), 
  to express a connection between a current state of affairs and an event in the past . 
  b.this can be expressing this connection e.g there 's nothing but rubble here , the houses have fallen down . 
  ( the houses are currently in a fallen state ) ( compare this with a situation where the houses have been rebuilt ), 
  c.it can be used to tell the listener that this is something new e.g the president has died ( the president is now in a dead state ) ( compare this with a situation where the president 's death is old news ), 
  d.it can be used to tell us that something is recent e.g i 've ( just ) clean my room ( today ) ( my room is currently in a state of cleanliness , and has recently become so ) ( compare this with a situation where the room has been given time to become dirty again ), 
  3 . to imply an event is ongoing without using the continuous tense e.g i 've worked here for 3 years ( and i still do ) . 
  ( contrast this with `` i worked here for 3 years , and do n't any longer ) . 
  ( i am in a state of having worked here for 3 years and continue to be that state ), 
  e.it can also be used to demonstrate that something is `` becoming '' e.g you 've grown ( you are in a state of becoming bigger and probably continue to be so ) ( compare this with a situation where the growth is over ), 
  4 . it 's also used for expected state of affairs that have n't been fulfilled e.g he has n't fixed it yet ( it is not currently in a state of being fixed by him , but i 'm expecting that state to exist now or soon ) . 
  i hope this makes sense . 
  the perfect tense in english is all about the relationship of a past event to the present . 
  when we use the present tense in english it tells us that the some event in the past is currently impacting the present state of affairs . 
  when someone say `` the houses have fallen down '' we know they are almost certainly still in a fallen state . 
  to make it more confusing , when someone says `` the houses fell down '' we do n't know that they 're no longer in a fallen state , it could be either because the simple past is n't strict like the perfect , in this sense the perfect is more information rich than the simple past . 
  the fact that an english speaker uses the perfect tells us extra . 
  this is also why 2nd language speakers often get away with over using the simple past . 
  there 's also a difference between british and ameican english in that british speakers are typically much stricter with the perfect tense . 
  americans tend to leave out the perfect when there 's a word in the sentence that would mean the same thing e.g, 
  i just cleaned it , whereas british speakers would insist on `` i 've just cleaned it '' , same goes for `` i did it already '' vs `` i 've done it already '' . 
  it 's a shame they did n't had more consistency to this . 
  broadly speaking , it 's just generic northern accent for the north , and some kind of cockney for the south ( for the commoners at least ) . 
  i did notice that they gave the frey men a more midlander style stoke accent rather than the broad yorkshire accent ( but that might just be because they are meant to sound nasty and unpleasant ) . 
  what makes little sense is that all the stark men speak with a yorkshire accent but the women speak rp , maybe because of catelyn stark i guess . 
  to be fair , prepositions in german do not need conjugation . 
  conjugation is what verbs do . 
  der words , and articles need to be declined , but not prepositions themselves . 
  auf dem tisch ( on the table ) vs auf den tisch ( onto the table ) . 
  much of the middle east was far nicer objectively before it was turned into a battle ground for communist vs capitalist ideology . 
  sure it was n't perfect , but there was education for women , a higher degree of freedom , and a better quality life . 
  maybe it was n't politically free , but the quality of life was far higher and there was a greater degree of personal freedom . 
  putting punctuation outside the quotation marks when it does n't belong to the actual quote is the british style , and used in many commonwealth countries . 
  always having it inside the quotation marks is strictly an american ( and countries influenced by america , like canada , i guess ) thing . 
  of course in british english you get stuff like : john said `` i like trains . 
  comes from old french i believe . 
  the old french pronunciation was more similar to leftenant . 
   the one that can assure you to handle classic conversations . 
  i 'm sorry that 's not grammatical . 
  you would n't refer to a decent level of english as `` the one '' because it 's an abstract matter of degree , not a physical thing . 
  also the `` can '' here is n't appropriate , there 's no need for `` can '' , it 's a not possibility , but something that it either does or does n't do . 
  also `` assure you to handle classic conversations '' is just grammatically incorrect , assure + object + to infinitive just is n't construction that `` assure '' takes . 
  you should say something like : my point is ( that ) it 's quite easy to get a decent level of english , the kind of level that will assure you that you will be able to handle everyday conversations . 
  i 'll also add that `` classic conversations '' is n't quite right either .
