  jw will have a land standing contract with most likely more than one big advertising company in different countries . 
  they will have long term corporate strategy and brand identify to develop . 
  they 're not just going to bail on that because two guys made a great ad . 
  it 'll be one of those big advertising companies that will picking these guys up , and probably not one that works for jw . 
  great ads , shame coors tastes of water . 
  on the them of emotional ads , [ this one from germany ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v6-0kyhqoro ) has caused quite a stir . 
  is it emotional blackmail to make such sad adverts ? 
  they are legitimately sad . 
  it 's been a big thing in the uk for the last few years . 
  funny they all seem to use the same filters and similar types of music , typically a cover of a famous song played in a minor key with a female vocalist . 
   was spent on alien planets doing stuff with aliens, 
  [ all i could think of when you said that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raazsbxweiq&amp;t=44s ), 
  go back to 2010, 
  [ nor does this guy lol ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hrkabmdbb08 ), 
  i do n't understand what you mean . 
  people 's reaction is more cringe . 
  cousin marriage is less than optimal , but their kids wo n't come out as freaks . 
  there 's a slightly higher chance of genetic diseases but that 's it . 
  it 's nobody 's business but their own really . 
  oh right . 
  they would n't pitch jw an advert of this tone . 
  yeah , it 's probably not what jw are looking for right now . 
  i think most people here think big companies do their advertising in house which is pretty na\u00efve . 
  i do n't they appreciate how much planning and theory goes into ads either , making them appeal to exactly the right demographics that they 're wanting to hit right now . 
  i 'm pretty sure what is acceptable to drive is the same all over the world . 
  americans like to make up stories about how europeans think distances are further than americans think them , but it 's mostly a crock of shit . 
  look over here lads , billy big bollocks getting all the waves , get him !, 
  we 're revoking your dominion status down to protectorate, 
  that 's not remotely british , she 's pronouncing the - r in sorry , if anything that 's canadian , british people do n't pronounce the - r in the middle of words at all . 
  anecdotally i know people who knew this guy at university , he was considered a typical mild manner eye doctor , just shows what can happen when people are put into positions of power . 
  also i would n't be surprised if he was at the whim of more powerful players within the syrian military . 
  maybe it sounds like what methed out , smack addicted skets in rural america think a posh accent sounds like . 
  to me it sounds like a cross between judy garland and trailer park boys . 
  there are plenty of americans who believe that the modern british accent was just an affections people put on post 1776 to distinguish themselves from americans . 
  it was n't just the fact dialects naturally drift and also that america had a fuck tonne of immigrants in the 19th century . 
  americans love linguistic smugness way more than the british , even telling themselves that they speak the original form of english simply because they retain the pronunciation of one letter when it appear in a certain position within a word ... 
  termination fees , networks locks , this thread is so murica . 
  does bilbo mean something in swedish ? 
  or is it hard for a swede to pronounce ? 
  would it come out wrong with swedish orthography ? 
  these are the usual reasons for changing character names . 
  for example , in harry potter the german version , hermione is hermine , one because it 's easier for germans to say and two to match the english pronunciation it would have to be written hermeionie . 
  although that 's kind of dumb , because it 's hard for english speakers too , until the film i thought it was herm-ee-won, 
  you do n't know what your talking about mate . 
  the whole lad thing started in british universities , `` rugby lads '' , `` cricket lads '' . 
  a lad is just a young immature male who thinks they 're jack the lad . 
  some kind of hard drinking , popular , ladies man caricature . 
  neither is bros , you would n't expect some blue blooded newport society member to be a bro , they 'd be a prep . 
  lads are usually just middle class as they come , but really it covers the whole spectrum from lower middle class to upper middle class . 
  cameron and johnson are n't middle class , they 're upper class , which puts them in a category of their own really . 
  they 're the equivalent of us preps . 
  good solid uk universities like manchester , newcastle and warwick are full of lads , all middle class as they come , all active members of sports societies and boasting about that time they did 14 tequila slammers and puked all over themselves in the taxi at 4am . 
  it was here that stuff like the ladbible and unilad came to exist . 
  sure there are more working class lads too , usually the guys who used to be chavs but grew up and got jobs so now they get their haircut at toni and guy every 2 weeks , wear designer clothes and boast about getting bottle of grey goose on their table at the club . 
  where are you getting this stuff . 
  upper class does n't refer to only the aristocracy in the uk , this is n't the victorian era . 
  upper class in the uk would be old money usually , they do n't need to have titles . 
  johnson and cameron both attended public schools and oxbridge and were in society clubs which most oxford students would n't be accepted to , if that does n't class them as upper class i do n't know what does . 
   because in britain 90 % of the population, 
  the fuck would they , most people in the uk identify as middle class , the only people who would identify as working class in the uk are the kind that are actually working class . 
  unless you 're from a working class community in the uk then you defaultly identify as middle class , even if you 're poor as fuck . 
   someone who is the son of a stockbroker who goes to eton and oxford like cameron is at most ` upper-middle class ' . 
  it is possible he might become upper class if he is given a title after his retirement , but otherwise he is not . 
  that 's such crap , i am also british and i also went to a public school so i know this first hand . 
  if you belong to the highest social tier of society then you are upper class . 
  people might call themselves upper middle class but that 's just because calling yourself upper class is seen as bad taste . 
  virtually everyone who goes to eton and harrow is upper class , the only exception being scholarship kids from humble origins . 
  it costs over 30k a year to attend and you can only get your name down if you apply decades in advance , that means that sons of newly minted business owners , or even well to do members of the professional classes , will not be able to go there , it takes the assurance of a lifetime of wealth to know you 'll actually be able to send your kids there . 
  i know people who are upper class , they live in 10 million pound homes in london and are senior partners in law firms , judges , significant stock holders to powerful businesses , important bankers and politicians . 
  they come from rich families and they 've been rich their whole lives . 
  they like nothing more than going to the opera , watching shakespeare , buying art and discussing intellectual matters . 
  almost none of them have titles ( and the ones that do often do n't use them ) and none of them would call themselves upper class , but that 's exactly what they are , they are in top 1 % both financially and culturally . 
  everything they do , from how they talk , how they eat their meals , where they go on holiday diluting the term upper class down to only aristos just makes it worthless since it does n't mean anything any more . 
  upper middle class people are not these 1 % ` ers , they are the ordinary successful doctors , lawyers , finance workers , professors , civil servants and businessmen . 
  they are rich and successful because they earn 100k + a year . 
  they also like art and culture because they 're intelligent and educated but it 's not like they even necessarily grew up this way , if they live in london their home is worth a few million tops , many of them probably do n't even live in london . 
  they do n't have mansions handed down to them by their parents but buy nice houses in commute towns because it suits them for work and their children 's schooling . 
  ordinary people would call them posh but that 's because they do n't even know there 's a whole tier above them . 
  they ca n't send their kids to eton or harrow unless they 're very lucky . 
  most of their kids go to mpsia 's ( minor public school i 'm afraid ) . 
  you 're being completely out of touch if you think you need a title to be a member of the upper class these days , that has n't been true for decades . 
  to be upper class all you really need to be a member of high society , the old school tie networks of the top public schools , the right society or club at the right university ( oxbridge , or failing that st. andrews , durham or a few others ) and to come from the right kind of parents who were invited to the society balls and charity galas . 
  cameron , johnson , osbourne all come from these kinds of families , they are not typical well-to-do provincial professionals , they are upper class through and through . 
  upper class does n't mean aristocratic in the uk any more , much like the american upper class it 's all to do with coming from old money and being part of the right set , attending the right educational institutions , having the right surname and being known to the right people . 
  i mean cameron went to the same schools as royals , was part of the bullingdon club and has family money going back to the 19th century , if that 's not upper class in this day and age then nothing is . 
  sure , it 's not to do with money , 20 million wo n't make you upper class any more than bankruptcy would make someone like cameron working class , however if you think people still give a shit about titles then you 're massively out of touch with this world . 
  going back to the original point . 
  lads are typically middle class , the whole spectrum , from wealthier upper middle types who obsess over rugby and sports and call each other by their surnames , to lower middle types who are all about the lash on a friday night after work and showing off their expensive clothes/haircuts . 
  it 's not that uncommon in unstable arab countries for the military to be pulling the strings . 
  they need the leaders because they have the birthright to rule in the eyes of the people , how the military leaders can hold the real power through force of arms , easier just to control the ruler by threatening his friends and family than take power for themselves . 
  most of accents are just terrible and cringeworthy, 
  the anglo-nordic alliance alliance will destroy you all !, 
  you are so full of shit , spouting old prejudices that mean nothing in modern society . 
  desperately clinging to some silly ideas about titles as if that made you upper class . 
  you obviously do n't come from an influential background so whatever you say is completely irrelevant . 
  the modern upper classes are exactly people like the camerons , loaded from birth , given every privilege possible through family connections . 
  just because eton and co now require their kids to have a brain does n't mean every kid who passes the admissions gets a shot , having your name down early and having family who attended the school in the past certainly still counts for something regardless of what people pretend about meritocracy , and more so when cameron was attending than today . 
  i hope you realise that that cameron has a baronet in the family too . 
   talk of house prices , regardless , is terribly gauche . 
  i do n't aspire to be upper class so why would i care what you think is `` gauche '' .
