  furthermore , they would deny public knowledge of the persecution of jewish minorities , which is absurd , while the general population was not quite aware of the extent of the torture and death within concentration camps , it was impossible to live within the reich and not know that jews and other `` deviants '' were being rounded up and sent to labour camps during this period . 
  as far as they were concerned the bad things the nazis were shown to be doing were mistakes , and the rest was good . 
  edit : wow the comments on youtube are pure cancer . 
  no need to be so stern, 
  i think that attitude is a mistake . 
  while a common wehrmacht soldier is clearly nowhere near as guilty than a nazi party higher up , they still share a amount of guilt on their behalf . 
  it 's the difference between between individual and collectively responsibility . 
  sure as mere conscripted soldiers who loyally fought for their government they are not individually responsible for the events of ww2 , they were nonetheless complicit in what happened , and therefore an element of blame is theirs to bear . 
  some people of that generation accepted this and moved on , others fought against it , doing anything they can to shift blame away from themselves and the people they knew and onto others . 
  these old folks are clearly the latter , and really they should feel some degree of guilt for what they did , even if they know they were n't the direct cause of the atrocities . 
  ultimately , it was the german people who collectively supported hitler , voted for him , took him seriously as a political candidate , fraternised with people who supported him , gave his political views the credibility that made them possible . 
  germany did n't got from newly formed post ww1 democracy to nazi fascism overnight , it was a long process whereby nazism rose , and most germans of that era were complicit in that process in some sense or form , and for that they should feel some guilt . 
  sure , there were some people who opposed hitler and nazism , and many of those fled the country or where sent to camps . 
  and sure , there were some people who were secretly anti-hitler and were unwillingly sent to war to fight for a cause they did n't believe in , but they would be the last to claim the wehrmacht were honourable or defend their nation 's actions . 
  even they are guilty of allowing themselves to be used as tools for evil ends even if that was unwillingly . 
  i 'm only suggesting an element of guilt and shame for that generation of germans is appropriate , i 'm not saying that everyone is equally guilty or that every german of that era should self-flagellate as if they were the ones pushing jews in the gas chambers . 
  where you gone ? 
  he 's clearly in the right but i feel like he did a bad job defending himself for sure . 
  he starts strong pointing out that other cultures have dreadlocks , which is all he needs to say really . 
  dreadlocks do not belong to black cultures . 
  white people have dreadlocks , arabic people have dreadlocks , maybe other races do too . 
  black people do not own the rights to dreadlocks . 
  then he says it 's not the same as a native american headdress . 
  fair enough . 
  other cultures have headdresses of course but the native american ones have a very specific style that could not be mistaken with another culture 's . 
  personally i do n't see the problem with a white person wearing a generic faux headdress in the same way i do n't see a problem with a black person with no scottish ancestry wearing a kilt with a generic tartan . 
  as long as you 're not trying to misrepresent yourself as a member of that tribe/clan then i see no harm in it , but that 's beside the point . 
  then he fucks up by saying that having dreadlocks is a way of showing that he loves and respects black culture . 
  this is really dumb , because it tacitly endorses the notion that dreadlocks are something that necessarily has something to do with black culture . 
  it also fucks up the second argument , because someone can now ask `` would wearing a native american headdress also be a sign that you love and respect their culture ? 
  '' , something that he 's already labelled cultural appropriation . 
  the he says `` it does n't symbolise anything for her '' , that 's really stupid too , and opens him up to a retort where she googles its possible significance and then comes back saying it means this or that to her . 
  do n't second guess the opposition . 
   it 's just like a bindi, 
  now whatever is a true of a bindi will be used as an argument against you . 
  really dumb to make any comparison whatsoever . 
  you do realise that hitler was allied with the soviets until 1941 ? 
  ww2 was not started with the intention to destroy russia , it was started with the intention to expand german border through the invasion of neighbouring central and western european nations , something that the german population generally endorsed . 
  it amazes me how great the difference in attitude is between the blind community and the deaf community . 
  he saying going away at the start . 
  at the end he says `` i wanted to speak to you but you 've ( done something ) . 
  sorry his accent is hard to understand . 
  why is it always `` soccer moms '' with that stupid haircut getting angry at skaters in skateparks . 
  why do they feel entitled to letting their 4 year old scoot around on his tricycle or scooter getting in everyone 's way . 
  unless you 're kid is old enough to be left to skate while you sit on a bench nearby rather than hovering 10 metres away then he should n't be there in the first place . 
  if you ask most blind people if they 'd be interested in experiencing sight they 'd say yes without a moments hesitation . 
  they 'd love to be able to see . 
  meanwhile a large amount of the deaf community claim to actively prefer being deaf and have no interest what it would be like to hear . 
  to do so would to be a traitor to their culture . 
  many argue that deafness is only an impairment because the majority of the world is hearing and thus society is designed around that assumption . 
  i can perfectly understand deaf people wanting to retain their dignity and assert their capabilities , however some of the more extreme opinions border on a superiority complex . 
  especially when it leads to the shunning of members of the deaf community who choose options like cochlear implants rather than accept their deaf state . 
  some people would call me an `` audist '' ( discriminates against the deaf ) for simply suggesting that being deaf is an impairment in and of itself ( rather than one constructed by hearing culture ) . 
  i feel like this is all games that have levels with a maze like layout . 
  i feel the urge to see everything so i 'm constantly doubling back and forth . 
  feels really dumb that going the right way the first time around it a bad thing since it add more time spent doubling back . 
  you forget one thing . 
  switzerland has n't got any ghettos . 
  for anyone who 's kept up with them in the last 6 years this should come as a surprise . 
  a crazy lifestyle is befitting of young people still revelling in their seeming immortality but soon becomes embarrassing in middle age . 
  bam has looked like shit for a long time . 
  some even go as far as claiming that cochlears are the equivalent of the genocide of an ethnicity or culture . 
  they think one day cochlears will become mandatory at birth for all people born deaf and their culture will disappear . 
  for these people being deaf is the same as being black , and offering cochlears is the equivalent of offering black people skin bleaching and plastic surgery so that they 'll appear white to fix them . 
  i think it 's sad it 's come to be this way frankly . 
  i can perfectly understand that someone might want to stay deaf and refuse cochlears . 
  but exiling people who opt to have them is just insanity . 
  another controversial subject is giving cochlears to children . 
  some deaf people think this is abhorrent because the child is not yet of an age to make a legal decision by themselves . 
  the problem is that cochlears are even more effective when received at birth due to greater neuroplasticity , and a child who receives them will have more comprehensive hearing once they 've adapted to them than someone who receives them as an adult . 
  yeah , i 've seen that docu . 
  there is also a follow up , in the end the whole family decided to get cochlear implants . 
  this is just funny . 
  at least she apologised . 
  african english is very interesting . 
  you can see how these journalists has been defined by british english to some degree with the way they pronounce certain sounds like word final - r , short - o , word final - t , and the thought vowel in words like `` talk '' . 
  she is acting as an arbitrator in the show . 
  but between 1982-1996 she was a real life judge . 
  first an ordinary criminal judge and then later a supervisory judge for the manhattan family courts . 
  the show exploits the fact that arbitration is a private agreement between to parties who can consent for it to be televised . 
  calling yourself judge after you 've stepped down from the position is something you are entitled to do , and it 's a common courtesy for lawyers to refer to an ex-judge judge outside of a court room setting , obvious not in court though if that person is acting as a regular lawyer because that could get confusing . 
  she ca n't actually hand out punishments you realise ? 
  she 's an arbitrator ( a 3rd party that both parties must consent to have their matters resolved by ) who deals with civil law disputes . 
  i do n't know what it 's like in the us , but on the whole private schools pay a lot better than the public school system in the uk . 
  of course they only take fully qualified teachers , and usually teachers with even more qualification than the standard . 
  for example , at my private school one physics teacher had a phd , and the rest had ma is physics in addition to the educational degree . 
  that 's strange . 
  private schools here are usually considered to be elite schools and typically have a lot more money than public schools . 
  yeah we do n't really have that . 
  there are some highly religious private schools but even they are typically better funded than public schools . 
  there might be some weird exceptions like hasidic faith schools , but even these are subject to same curriculum and demanding standards a public school is ( or should be ) . 
  you ca n't half arse a school . 
  also it 's impossible to pay for public school here , i do n't really understand how that 's possible to be honest . 
  if you 're under 18 you either have the right to reside in the country and therefore are eligible for public school , or you 're not entitled to stay in the country never mind go to school here . 
  how could someone who is under 18 legally be in canada but not be eligible for public school ? 
  it makes no sense . 
  [ truely hood ] ( https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/33/ch_biel_altstadt-5.jpg ), 
  999 was the original . 
  another british invention you can thank the queen for . 
  it amazes me how many awful emergency call examples there are on youtube .
