   are they paying me to do that ? 
  if they are literally too dumb to write a letter then it 's their fucking problem . 
  you 're the landlord for fuck 's sake , you 're the one who does this all the time , they 're just a tenant passing through . 
  you seems to have a borderline sexual fixation with paper notes coming to your letter box . 
  if i cancelled my rental today i 'd email the landlord , and maybe he 'd send me something to sign , job done , no need for drafting long winded letters . 
  this is how capitalism is meant to work , not `` fuck you i 've got something you need so pay me or fuck off '' . 
   no , asking your landlord to provide a form so that you can terminate that contract has absolutely nothing to do with customer service and no self-respecting tenant would even ask for that . 
  it 's absolutely unheard of . 
  absolutely normal , your mode of thinking is virtually unheard of outside the elderly , you must spend a lot of time with the pre-digital generation . 
   bullshit , i just know that one needs to be able to prove stuff for when you have to sue people . 
  because sueing is such a regular event , everyone is taking each other to civil claims court all the fucking time . 
  it 's not like 99 % of shit gets dealt with between people . 
   he is still not required to do that and he obviously is happy about you living there . 
  when you want to move out he will not be happy about that anymore and has no more reason to be nice to you . 
  actually he 's a pretty all right bloke and goes far beyond he legal obligations which would suggest he 's not just doing it for money since he 'd get the money regardless of whether he did that stuff or not . 
  he 's got an incentive to continue to be nice because i could recommend him to people looking for flats since he owns quite a few and could even find someone to take the flat off my hands . 
   because it works sooo well in the states , right . 
  capital runs the fucking world mate , and frankfurt is a joke market . 
  german conservatism might have got you through the recession but now it 's irrational anxiety about the market is negatively impacting the eurozone . 
  for all the us 's failings it 's still got the most money . 
   no , you could n't . 
  you live here , you have to pay personal income tax here . 
  yes i could because i would n't be earning money in germany , i 'd be earning it into a uk account and provided i could prove i 'd paid my taxes in the uk i 'd be sorted . 
   because papertrail do n't important , sure , sure . 
  the british legal system is far better than the german one so i do n't know what you 're saying , everything on there is above board . 
  you however just have a fetish for pieces of papers as the world is realising more and more than paper is no more reliable or harder to trace than a digital trail . 
  k m8 , keep watching nancy grace, 
   they are obviously only for last resort , but one still has to do them so that one has access to them in that last resort . 
  you do have signatures when necessary . 
  what 's necessary is a piece of paper saying `` i , so and so , hereby make my intentions known to vacate the flat by the xth of the x '' , you simply sign something down the agency or they send you a form in the post . 
   i have to be thankful for you renting my flat ? 
  you got to be trolling me ?!, 
  how about you thanking me for me letting you rent that flat ? 
  oh and suppose i should be thanking the grocer for letting me buy his apples and thanking edeka for letting buy their toilet paper ? 
  you 're the seller her and the tenant is the buyer , honestly a landlord like you i 'd tell to take a run and fucking jump . 
  worst landlord ever . 
   it does n't pay nearly enough . 
  charge more then ? 
  is the grocer allowed to tell me to fuck myself and weigh my own apples because he does n't make enough profit on it . 
  jesus it 's like you do n't have even the basics of how a capitalist society is meant to run . 
   yeah , i do n't know . 
  someone has to pay that fee , why not the tenant ? 
  the realtor does n't work for free , you know ? 
  funny how realtors , or estate agents as we call them , in other countries are able to do the same job for just a couple hundred euros one off fee whilst german estate agents want a multiple months of rent according to a share of what the landlord is getting . 
  both landlords and tenants alike are getting royally fucked in the arse by the estate agents in this country . 
  furthermore it makes no sense to not include this fee in the cost of rent rather than deceptively passing responsibility to the tenant , first and foremost because it 's not the tenant that chooses the agency . 
   no , you just do n't understand that renting a flat is serious business . 
  i need to have that paper written with their signature in order to be sure that they relinquish that apartment to me . 
  otherwise i could n't rent it to someone else . 
  you sign forms when you have to , but what the does this have to do with all the letter business . 
  we 've been through this , signatures are sadly ( and rather stupidly ) part of how this is done in all countries , it does n't explain your letter fixation though . 
   no , it is seriously absolutely unheard of . 
  any landlord would laught all the way to the bank if any tenant would ask this . 
  it 's absolutely ridiculous . 
  not anywhere i 've had experience , maybe you just live in a backward part of the world ? 
  most i 've experienced have template forms ready to go for almost all eventualities , especially if they 're going through an agency who will definitely have these ready to go . 
  they also ( mostly ) have helpful secretaries that are happy to help you through the processes . 
   happens a lot more often than you think . 
  ten years ago , or twenty rather , people were man enough to stand to their word . 
  today you can not rely on that anymore , it 's become a very sad world . 
  maybe for you , now i 've found trust has been replaced with corporate structures , not bloody idiots writing each other self-composed letters , those are barely worth shit anyway in reality given how easily i could fake a letter . 
   seriously , pay your fucking taxes . 
  i do , but i also have friends that work here and pay tax in england through their companies and i 'm sure that big companies like ibm know what they 're doing . 
   there is no digital trail if no one can prove stuff . 
  practically no one has a signaturkarte because it 's absolutely not needed . 
  no one can ever prove that any one else got a specific email at a specific time . 
  it 's technically possible of course , but who will pay for the expert witness ? 
  and why would the one you are suing grant you access to his email server and why would you expect the evidence to still be on it ? 
  nobody can prove that a letter was received either , it 's only because of laws about contracts and post that say if a contract was signed and posted then it 's as good as accepted , which is kind of ridiculous and harks back to when there was no better solution . 
  what 's this about email servers , do n't you keep copies of your damn emails . 
  i do n't know about german courts , but in the uk if someone claims you did n't pay them and you did you can take email correspondents + financial records + evidence from your bank down to the courtroom and they 'll side with you on the balance of evidence . 
  hell you seem to be forgetting that every transaction you make is recorded by your bank in a way far harder to forge than a damn signature . 
   ah , but i have to be thankful for them being so nice and renting my flat ? 
  there is no fucking difference !, 
  except for the fact you are selling a bloody service and they are buying . 
  you 're the profiteer here , nobody is making you rent out your property . 
  no bloody different to the way a restaurant sells a service and you pay for it . 
  are you meant to thank the waiter for letting you buy their meals ? 
  do you not expect to be treated politely and accommodated , does the waiter bring you the menu or does he tell you to go fucking get it ? 
  ( although i would n't put it past some german waiters ), 
   right , because i can just charge whatever i want . 
  you have heard of this thing called `` the market '' ? 
  i 'll call the miniature violin players shall i ? 
  if you 're not getting the returns to make it worth your time then sell your investment and put that money into something that will . 
  you have a totally perverse view of the relationship here , can you not see is that you are the salesman and the tenant is the customer in this relationship ? 
  furthermore if you provided friendly service that would add value to the service that you offer . 
  you 're not doing anyone a bloody favour by charging them to stay in your property , the customer however , by selecting your property over alternatives , is . 
   agency ? 
  for when you are moving out ? 
  what is going on here ? 
  yes ? 
  many landlords , especially in germany , continue to use the estate agents as a liaison with the tenants for a nominal fee throughout the entire business relationship , especially if they have a large property portfolio that would be difficult to manage otherwise . 
   you might mix something up . 
  that company can pay it 's taxes in england . 
  but if you get a money out of that company it is obviously taxable in germany . 
  you get it out of the british company end . 
   so pay your fucking taxes . 
  would you stop staying this . 
  i pay my taxes the regular way , i 'm just stating what i know is possible from many people i know who worked in england and were contracted to move here to assist german branches . 
   copies of my emails do not prove anything .
