  i once tried to explain this to some nationalistic shitcunt . 
  being any other nationality than american on this website will have people completely ignoring what you 've said and spewing stereotypes . 
  every single fucking time . 
  it 's just unbelievable how hard some americans find it to adjust to sharing online spaces with non-american english speakers . 
  it can be summarised thusly : -, 
  english - u wot m8 , i 'm so british i shit the queen , rooty tooty point and shooty green text , hook you in the gabba . 
  canadian - sorry , so polite , eh ? 
  australian - throw another shrimp on the barbie , knifey spooney, 
  french - surrender , ( leading to ) white flag on the moon , hon hon hon, 
  german - nazis , nazis , nazis, 
  irish - top o ' the morning to ya , to be sure to be sure , alcoholics , i 'm 1/27 irish . 
  scotland - damn scots they ruined scotland , scotch people , scotts ( followed immediately by someone linking scott 's a dick from southpark ) , you are ruled by the english . 
  these are just the countries that are fortunate enough to be significant enough for the average american and therefore have stereotypes associated with them . 
  god forbid you 're from wales , northern ireland , new zealand or somewhere since then you 'll just be treated like an alien for coming from somewhere they 've never heard about . 
  imagine if every time someone said `` gotten '' or `` center '' they were instantly barraged with a spam about hamburgers , obesity , red necks and `` murica '', 
  americans just need more exposure to accents . 
  in the uk you wo n't get anywhere with being about decipher some regional dialects . 
  rarely see british people complaining to the same degree because they 've got more accent exposure to strange dialects generally , even when those dialects are n't ones they 're often exposed to like boston or new zealand accents . 
  learning to understand accents is a general skill that will work across all types of english . 
  edit : lol bring on the downvotes , it 's still true , endless americans commenting dumb shit like `` is that meant to be english '' and `` can i have a translation '' whenever there 's a dialect outside their comfort zone . 
  this is what americans actually believe . 
  it is completely right . 
  just post a video of someone speaking a non-american dialect to be flooded with shitposts about needing translation and asking `` is that english ? '' . 
  americans on the whole fucking suck at dealing with accents they 're not used to , that 's why they have the remake every successful british television programme . 
  actually most of europe dislike america and what it represents . 
  just they 're so common in the uk that they 're not even a novelty . 
  i did n't say american do n't get stereotyped , everyone does it . 
  the difference is you can post an american video and have 3000 comments and not one will mention the fact it 's american . 
  the 40 % of reddit outside america does n't feel the need to comment on the fact , yet you 'd be hard pushed to find one british video ( or other nationality ) that does n't have some tards picking up on that fact . 
  the difference being that in other countries seeing foreign media is completely unremarkable , but american culture is so insular many still feel the need to make comments when something is n't american . 
  that there are sufficiently few black actors in sweden to require the use of blackface . 
  they honestly believe sweden has like 200 black people or something . 
  truth is they could have easily found a black actor for this role . 
  but it 's a sketch show so that would n't be in keeping with the format in europe people do n't lose their shit over blackface providing it 's not offensive . 
  you talk like shit . 
  it would n't sound garbled to you if you were actually proficient with the language . 
   well , it 's not outlandish for the average non-swede person to guess that there may not be many black actors there , if one is not well informed about the country , it 's not a crazy idea . 
  that 's slightly outlandish , given that sweden has a high rate of immigration . 
  not to know that is kind of dumb but forgiveable . 
  however to think that there are so few black people in few that they have to use black face is just totally ignorant . 
   and also it looks like the use of blackface in this case was not to stereotype and ridicule a group of people , but instead to just fit a role , like with drag in others cases like with monty python for example, 
  which is exactly why blackface is fine in this situation . 
  it 's only in the us where people lose their shit over it . 
  well it 's not really like a strong dislike of americans or american culture . 
  i mean i 'm sure most europeans rate america better than russia or china . 
  still most americans do n't like the american government or the american mentality . 
  that question in the survey is too broad . 
  also one bad experience in scotland does n't mean all scottish people hate americans . 
  truth is non-english speaking people like americans because they 're more of a novelty , but people in london or edinburgh could n't give a fuck . 
  somalia black enough for you ? 
  lol this subreddit, 
  lol k. 163 subscribed to this subreddit, 
  because you sound like a douchebag crying because he 's nice guy who ca n't find a funny waifu because all the girls around him are unfunny bitches . 
  the simple answer is you could , try meeting some more people if you do n't like the girls you 're currently around . 
  i 'll add though that in reality this girl is probably pretty normal and it 's only your douchebag goggles that make the ones around you seem somehow different . 
  the whole sentiment of your statement is immature and douchey , that 's why you 're getting downvotes . 
  that was great, 
  i 'm really curious as to why they have no fifa , i mean it 's one of the most popular games available , should probably have some fifa . 
  this is why these people are obese rather than just a bit overweight to be honest . 
  if normal people want a treat they 're happy to eat a big ass steak , a regular side of fries with some coleslaw and salad . 
  however when these fatties eat it 's carb loading , a bucket of fries , a burger or three lathered with sweet sauces in cases in bread , a 2l bottle of sugary cola followed by a large bag of doritos when they get home , more soda and then a kilogram of sweets , chocolates , and cake . 
  called b\u00e4ckah\u00e4sten in swedish as anyone who plays year walk would know . 
  also knuckers is the water spirit in england and that becomes n\u00e4ck , n\u00f8kk in scandinavian languages and nixe in german . 
  in the uk there is the `` black dog '' ( uncreative i know ) which is meant to haunt a variety of places and is the inspiration for lots of stuff such as the `` the hound of the baskervilles '' . 
  it was traditionally an omen of death , if you saw him things did n't bode well for your future . 
  we also have stuff like the `` beast of bodmin moor '' which is meant to be a large cat that stalks the moor preying on innocent victims , but some thing that perhaps a large cat just escaped from a zoo . 
  n\u00e4cken is knucker in english , and nixe in germany . 
  they are just the generic term for water spirits who would do all kinds of things to try to drown people . 
  funny the b\u00e4ckah\u00e4sten is basically to nordic culture what the kelpie is to celtic ones . 
  you mean pre-drink right ? 
  speak english ... / s, 
  pointed this out once , got called the biggest douche on the internet . 
  yeah , americans just do n't get how offensive it is when they assume europe is just one big white homogeneous continent as if they were the only melting pot available . 
  what even is pepperoni ? 
  damn does anyone know how to rollback so we can the deleted comments ? 
  please keep your subordinates in check . 
  evidence of insubordination [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/inglin/comments/31bnyq/guess_whos_back_ringlin/ ) and [ here ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/inglin/comments/31bqtn/best_and_oldest_flag_still_in_use_mighty/ ), 
  would n't call groove is in your heart by deee lite hip hop but awesome video . 
  i would guess to show how much of a con ink cartridges are . 
  i mean seriously they have encrypted rfid chips on them so you ca n't buy third party ink , `` sell by dates '' controlled by firmware updates so you ca n't install `` old '' cartridges , drm so that your scanner will stop functioning without both a colour and black ink non-empty cartridge in it , not to mention to stop you printing in black and white when only your colour cartridge is empty and vice versa . 
  you 'd think the least the manufacturers could do would be to make sure the printer wo n't make the printer refuse to print until the cartridge was actually empty . 
  home printers are an absolute racket and a clear example of what happens when consumers let controlling and exploitative marketing practices become the industry norm . 
  the reason we did n't get the bomb till a few years later was because harry fuckhead truman cheated us out of our own fucking research by refusing to honour the agreements made by roosevelt during the war . 
  america did n't even have a nuclear programme until britain let on about its tube alloys programme and we all signed a deal to all invest ( uk , canada , america ) our efforts in a new project based in america that became the known as the manhattan project , naturally on the provision that everyone gets to benefit from the spoils equally . 
  the uk sent virtually all their nuclear scientists off to work on it , as well as handing over all the research progress that had already been made . 
  of course there was an election and the white house conveniently `` lost '' the agreement and refused to honour it , even going as far as to pretend to know nothing about it . 
  it was n't until years later that the american copies of the documents roosevelt signed were `` found '' . 
  had germany got their hands on the british research they would 've been in exactly the same position that the allied were when the manhattan project began in 1942 . 
  perhaps enough time to get something together by the end of the war . 
  it 's annoying how this little bit of us downright betrayal is so rarely remember in the history books . 
  the us downright took advantage of britain 's weakened position after the war . 
  a war that had it not been started by britain would probably have meant you 'd all be talking german/japanese right now . 
  it actually contributed to a decade long cooling of anglo-american relations , and pushed britain to build stronger alliances with france and other european allies . 
  the us is a terribly two faced ally throughout history , they call us perfidious albion for changing alliances but the us just breaks its word and stabs its allies in the back . 
  i mean even the war for independence was right after the us had called upon the crown to assist the fight with the french and indians in the seven years war ( french/indian war to americans ) , they then became best allies with the french . 
  let 's not forgot the falklands either , still waiting for the us to recognise that , and of course the us civilian support for the ira . 
  us definitely like the uk when it has got something to gain from us , but is n't very forthcoming in return . 
  that 's bollocks . 
  nothing was abrogated . 
  furthermore the president of the united states does not have the power to abrogate an agreement he signs with allies .
