  the belief that `` geek culture '' ( whatever that means ) and gaming is a special club for people who did n't fit in at school nor get good grades but are secretly smarter and superior than most abounds widely . 
  put these people together and it quickly becomes a competition in douche baggery . 
  naturally not all the people there are like this , maybe not even half , but a such a significant percentage that it 's enough to put many people off . 
  i 'm sorry but this opinion is pathetic . 
  krishnan guru murthy is a legend because he tries to bring a critical questions to famous people in the same way that anyone else would receive critical questions . 
  what 's despicable is the opinion that tarantino expressed in his interview with them that `` this interview is a commercial for my movie '' . 
  serious i have know fucking idea why anyone is defending downey-junior here . 
  are hollywood star so bubble wrapped that they ca n't even answer simple questions about their past ? 
  fuck these controlled hollywood interviews that only permit the same repetitive questions for which they can spiel off prepared and predictable answers in order to protect a business investment . 
  hollywood stars seems to have legions of people behind them backing them up as if they were any different from any other industry that seeks to profit from entertainment , it 's a sad indictment of society that people feel the need to do this . 
  edit : seems this idea is unpopular , what the fuck is wrong with you people , if anyone other than a big star tried this they 'd be fucking massacred . 
  except he 's pretty much a leading interviewer in the uk . 
   i would have thought the entire industry would know what these movie press junkets were all about ? 
  movie promotion, 
  why is that remotely acceptable ? 
  are we even living on the same planet ? 
  richard ayoade actually handled it well unlike downey-junior or tarantino who just came across as puffed up pompous bubble wrapped primadonnas . 
  you do n't have to answer the questions the journalists throw at you , you can make fun of them , deflect them and turn them into the strength as ayoade did here , but how entitled must you be to think you have the right not to be asked in the first place and stomp off set like a stroppy child . 
  fuck people who think journalists do n't have a right to ask questions . 
  at least we 're not rushing to protect multi-millionaire actors from hurt feels as if they were our friends . 
  why are they allowed to use the pretence of `` interviews '' for what is really only self-promotion . 
  why go to the lengths of inviting actual real journalists if they are only allowed to ask questions within the confines of what is good for business . 
  they may as well pre-record answers to predictable safe questions and send them out to the press . 
  it 's fucking laughable imo and i respect krishnan even more for not being afraid to rustle their jimmies and ask questions that people other than their legions of adoring fans might find interesting . 
  this guy has interviews with major politicians all the time . 
  i 'm pretty sure he can get `` real interviews '' , that 's why he is n't afraid to ask questions . 
  i ca n't understand why anyone thinks it 's ok to call it an `` interview '' if its only purpose is to sell the film , i 'd call that an advertisement . 
  i respect krishnan for doing this because it exposes what these so called `` interviews '' really are , sales opportunities ... 
  they do n't deny it , but it 's still fucking bullshit . 
  why should they be afforded this protection . 
  if no media put up with it they 'd have to answer actual questions like the rest of humanity would have to . 
  seriously fuck this culture of protecting multi-millionaire actors as if you had a personal relationship with them . 
  i 'm sorry i disagree . 
  the news are scum but a necessary scum , their job is to ask hard questions . 
  if hollywood actors what the promotion exposure from the media , they should at least pay the toll of having to answer some tough questions . 
  it actually shows they they 're lacking to in media skills that big stars are unable deflect tough questions . 
  we would n't stand for it from anyone else in the public eye , so why the fuck should they get a free pass . 
  if they want safe promotion , they should publicise themselves ( something they 're more than capable of ) rather than inviting interviewer who normally get to ask real questions and then restricting them to safe material . 
  no , i 'm pretty sure that the entertainment industry should either stick to being interviewed by film journos/publications if they only want answer questions about film , and if they only want to answer the questions they want to answer they should interview themselves or be interviewed by someone they employ . 
  furthermore if rdj cries when asked questions about his past then he is absolutely pathetic at public relations does n't even deserve to be in the public eye . 
  it 's fucking pathetic how these hollywood stars feel entitled to an easy ride , and it 's pathetic that other journalists whore themselves to them by forgoing actual journalism in favour of free publicity . 
  to me rdj looks like a absolute primadonna they way he stomps off only to be aided by sycophantic aides and assistants , what a fucked up society we live in . 
  if he 'd just said he did n't want to answer the question , or gave a deflective answer , he might have retained a shred of dignity , but this is just pathetic . 
  he 's lost all my respect and just looks like another egotistical delusional hollywood nutcase like tarantino has become . 
  some people are idiots . 
  so if it 's just ancient muck raking why ca n't rdj answer the question in the same way a politician would deflect a low blow question . 
  he could 've turned into a positive response and talk about how he 's moved on from that and that he 's answered questioned on it before . 
  what 's appalling is this `` i 'm shutting your butt down '' attitude , the sense of entitlement that they should n't even be exposed to questioned that they find uncomfortable . 
  i 'm sorry but no one should be above that , the very idea is against the principle of free press . 
  fyi that legend has been working as a leading news anchor in the uk for years , and people actually respect him for not kowtowing to big names as so many other journalists seem to do , he 's anything but a hack , it seems to be only americans projecting that onto him since he 's not known to them . 
  i 'm sorry but why do you think it 's ok to use an interview pretence with a legitimate journalist as an opportunity to sell movies or books . 
  fuck that , it 's complete bullshit . 
  yes he has the right to walk , but i ca n't understand why anyone is defending this , he looks like a completely hypersensitive egotistical cunt for doing so , and i have no idea why anyone is defending him other than people 's obsession with hollywood stars . 
  yeah pretty much . 
  cons do attract oddballs , they can be socially awkward places and it certainly can be the same when it comes to elitism and press/industry types . 
  however , i ca n't help but feel that the fans of gaming/geek culture operate under the delusion that there is something special and different about them far more so than say the fans of classic cars , films or sports . 
  i 'm sorry but that 's not how it works . 
  if you voluntarily put yourself in the public eye , you are subject to the questions of the press . 
  you do not dictate the bounds of an interview . 
  the reporter is entitled to ask what he wants , you 're not entitled to answer , but if you do n't want to appear like a massive entitled dick you should at least pay lip service to them , hell even football managers manage a `` no comment '' . 
  storming off like a diva makes you look like a dick , not the journalist . 
  i must ask you ? 
  is the bbc for profit ? 
  is tagesschau for profit ? 
  this is the point of contention , this is how it works in america where unfettered capitalism goes unquestioned , and rdj thinks he can walk into an interview with a respected british journalist and be given an easy ride . 
  the bbc is paid for through taxes in the uk , just because its content is sold for a profit in other areas does n't make it `` for-profit '' , it 's government regulated and had to operate within certain government regulated confines . 
  furthermore , no the person being interviewed does not control the interview , they control what they say , and they look like a huge egotistical child if they simply walk out . 
  you 've got this thing absolutely backwards . 
  fact is the interviewer does n't like a dick , he only looks like a dick to brainwashed idiots who think people who operate as essentially multi-million dollar businesses deserve an easy break because of inauthentic superficial feels they 've inspired in them . 
  hai mods [ we cool ? 
  jesus do you know how much a fucking retard you sound saying shit like ... 
   whatever ... 
  the bbc distinctly said on it 's own damn website that it earns profits , and you can not even accept that . 
  i do not care who pays for the bbc . 
  you sound like an ignorant teenager who ca n't handle nuance in the slightest . 
  information about the bbc is available for everyone to see . 
  they are a stated funded non-profit institution , in the uk they are paid for through a tax . 
  sure they sell their content for a profit abroad , these are the `` profits '' you can see on their website , but that money goes straight back into the bbc . 
  the reason they post these profits is to justify to tax payer that they 're not just frittering away their cash . 
  not one penny of that money goes to share holders because there are none . 
  just because they `` make a profit '' does not make them `` for profit '' , they are about as `` for profit '' as a charity . 
  this is fucking common knowledge and if you do n't understand it then you should be ashamed . 
  pbs may also make a profit selling its content to other countries but those profits go back into pbs and not to private individuals . 
  furthermore this was n't even what we were debating . 
  you 're complete lack of understanding of how nationalised industries function aside . 
  if a company ceo tried the same shit as these hollywood celebrities then they 'd get ripped a new one by reddit . 
  it 's only because of this delusional notion that celebrities are real people with real feels even in their public life that people are giving them an easy ride . 
  that 's the question at hand , not your misunderstanding of how the bbc functions . 
  rdj deserve no more allowances than the spokesperson for sony entertainment does . 
  if someone representing sony entertainment pulled this shit they 'd be a laughing stock . 
  well guess what ? 
  the new iron man film is no less of a business venture than sony entertainment , they are taking your cash for the benefit of private investors . 
  rdj is a spokesman for the film company just as the ceo of sony entertainment is a spokesperson for their company . 
  it 's only because the film industry has deluded people into thinking actors are just regular joes with hurt feels because we 've seen them in magazines drunk or the inside of their kitchens that they get given an easy ride , an easy ride all the way to the bank . 
  as industry representative they should be subject to the same pr demands as anyone else in the public eye , and it 's sickening that people rush to their aid out of a perverse sense of connection with the faux-individual . 
  but as someone born in london i must question what exactly there is in london for tourists . 
  do n't get me wrong i love london . 
  the atmosphere , the great places to eat and drink , the culture all around you . 
  but when foreign friends ask me what to do in london i 'm at a loss , when i go on holiday i 'm look for hedonism and excitement , and so are many of them . 
  ca n't really get that in london , it 's expensive .
