  uk contracts are not as restrictive and some other countries , and the contracts tend to range from 6 months to year , very few people are thinking so far into the future as to be worrying about that . 
  i would say it 's become ever so slightly more popular due to the efforts of the nfl in the uk . 
  that said , i would say that 's all that has really happened is that it 's gone from an incredibly niche interest to a niche interest . 
  i do n't think there 's any danger of it breaking mainstream in the uk any time soon . 
  no , it 's genuinely quite racist . 
  to stereotype asian culture as being all about ritualised acts of submissiveness and symbolic etiquette is genuinely quite harmful . 
  when a korean person sees a glass , they see a fucking glass as does anyone else , and while in a certain formal context like a company dinner it might take on that symbolic meaning , it 's hardly like a korean person would see that as it 's primary function , or understand that it 's ultimately just a tool for drinking . 
  to suggest that only americans see the glass as it is , or at it 's most fundamental level , is really indicative of arrogance with its basis in nationalism . 
  it would probably have been truer to say, 
   to the american , the glass will mean `` that means of getting high fructose corn syrup into my body '' to the korean , the glass will mean `` thing that i must fill and serve to my seniors to show my respect for them . '', 
  it 's a bit more complex that that i believe . 
  phonemes are essentially sets of sounds , or if you prefer a less discrete interpretation - ranges of sounds , that speakers of a certain dialect would identify as that particularly sound . 
  for example take the - o in the word pot . 
  take someone from somewhere like kent , and then take someone from somewhere like oxford and have them both say pot . 
  they will use the same phoneme , but because the accents will differ they will almost certainly use different phones . 
  both phones fall nicely within the phoneme 's boundaries . 
  however if you take someone from say minnesota , and compare that with someone from london , they will use completely different phonemes to construct the same word . 
  in fact the vowel in the word `` pot '' that an american might utter will be falling more comfortably within the phonetic boundaries of what the londoner will be used to hearing in the word `` part '' . 
  however , provided the londoner is familiar with an american accent he will hear `` pot '' because he knows how to interpret that accent 's way of phonetically representing certain words . 
  so in this case the accents have different phonemes . 
  the problem with defining phonemes merely by the fact they are understood as representing a word is that the same sounds can be used to represent different things in different dialects , and their interpretation is contextual . 
  in fact whenever you talk to someone with an accent that uses different phonemes to represent words you 're essentially code switching to their phoneme set to make sense of what they 're saying . 
  if you take a much less extreme example . 
  comparing two people speaking in very similar manners , for example two british rp speakers like stephen fry and hugh laurie . 
  even though both are from very similar backgrounds and speak in very similar ways , we still have this impression that their manner of speaking is slightly different . 
  they have slightly different accent despite using what are mostly like virtually identical phoneme sets . 
  they simply realise those same phonemes ever so slightly differently , so that a phoneme level transcription of their speech would n't often reveal many differences . 
  when two people speak with the same set of phonemes we tend to consider them as having the same accent , but just having slightly different manners of speech . 
  most of the time sounds that fall with a phonemes boundaries are allophones to speakers of that dialect , which means ordinary people are unable to really hear the difference between two phones , they will interpret them as the same sound . 
  when speakers use a significantly different set of phonemes they tend to be much more aware of the fact the other person has `` an accent '' , even if their communication is n't impaired by it . 
  we are well aware that the sound the american is using to realise the word `` pot '' is different from the sound they use to represent that word . 
  people who speak the dialect general american , in the us seem to have a problem of sometimes not realising that their mode of speaking is just one phoneme set , which associated rules for its construction , just as much as any other competing set . 
  seems that some have this naive belief that anyone who represents words using a different set of phonemes has `` an accent '' and that their set is simply `` how the word is written '' . 
  ultimately a phoneme is defined by the fact that the speakers of that language recognise it as a different sound , rather than the fact you are able to use it to get a certain word across . 
  yeah , but we do n't literally think that that way of speaking is `` accent free '' we just know it is the prestige or `` standard '' pronunciation model . 
  speaking that way is itself an accent . 
  you also need to consider that plenty of countries speak english , and each have their own version of standard . 
  that 's complete bullshit on so many levels . 
   as they tend to pronounce every letter, 
  no they do n't . 
  also there is not reason to think pronouncing every letter is `` correct '' as english does n't have a phonetic orthography . 
  pronouncing the `` k '' in `` knight '' or the `` g '' in `` sign '' is just wrong , and would impair understanding rather than assist it . 
  what 's even crazier is that american english systematically removes sound distinctions and creates homophones just as much as any other dialect of english . 
  ask an american to say any of these word pairs `` com-calm '' `` cot-caught '' `` patty-paddy '' `` mary-merry-marry '' `` aura-ara '' `` dew-do '' and so on , and you wo n't be able to find a distinction amongst many speakers . 
  american english is not more phonetic or orthographically accurate than any other dialect of english , and a dialect of english that did seek to be orthographically accurate would probably sound hilarious . 
   actually , the british accent as we now know it sounds a lot different from the way it did when the british first came to america . 
  american english now is closer to the original accent than british english now ( because it 's still rhotic ), 
  this myth will not die . 
  rhoticism just one tiny factor in the grand scheme of the spoken language . 
  it 's no more logical to call a dialect more conservative because it 's rhotic than to claim another dialect is more conservative pure based on their pronunciation of the letter - t . this is a myth americans tell to themselves because it allays some deep seated sense of inadequacy about speaking a language that originated overseas . 
  it 's not meaningless at all . 
  a phoneme is a set of phones that will be identified as a single `` sound '' by the speakers a certain dialect . 
  accents are ultimately made up of the phones a speaker uses . 
  however , accents can be different and have the same phonemes , or accents can be different and have different phonemes . 
  ordinary people tend to be much more aware of someone have a different accent when the phonemes differ . 
  phones that fall within the same phoneme are typically allophones for speakers of that dialect . 
  i do n't know . 
  i do n't think english people are really against this per se . 
  i guess it 's just that most people feel pressure to share when someone suggests it even if they really do n't want to . 
  britain certainly is n't a culture where people are universally against sharing food , people do it when it 's appropriate and i 've heard people make suggestions like this before many times . 
  however , it 's not a culture where sharing multiple dishes amongst people is `` normal '' , so some people , especially if they 've got a specific dish in mind , might be irked by such a suggestion . 
  like when you got to your favourite indian with a lamb jalfrezi in mind only to be pressured into a communal style , where all the other people with you order inferior curry and help themselves liberally to your order . 
  people 's tastes differ . 
  you can get a very high quality vindaloo but put it on a table and only a minority of people will touch it . 
  if you know the menu and pick something you like then there 's a high chance the people you 're with will like it too unless it 's some more niche taste . 
  also if you know the restaurant then you know which dishes they do best , and choose accordingly , meaning you 'll probably choose those dishes they 're strongest at . 
   it ca n't be that common for a restaurant to serve up something so bad that the variety makes things worse, 
  finally , this make no sense whatsoever . 
  the food does n't have to be bad for it to make your experience worse . 
  if you really want to eat some fruit , and your preference is for apples , and you want to order 4 apples but instead you get an apple , an orange , a pear , and a banana , it 's obviously not as good , even if the orange , pear , and banana are very good quality , ripe , and fresh . 
  i do n't get why people think norwich is in the south . 
  norwich is in that weird no man 's land that is east anglia , which belongs in holland to be honest . 
  i was only my way here and saw an elephant and a bus full of children , it crashed into it and it fell over . 
  what happened ? 
  a ) the bus crashed into the elephant , and the elephant fell over, 
  b ) the elephant crashed into the bus , and the bus fell over, 
  discuss . 
  well cornwall are de facto southern because they are literally the most southern part of the uk . 
  however i see no reason to include norwich as `` southern '' but call somewhere like herefordshire `` northern '' . 
  both places have weird funny farmer accents , neither of which resemble received pronunciation or have traditional northern qualities . 
  neither places are actually in the south or the north , but norwich is virtually on the same latitude as birmingham , whereas hereford is further south about the same latitude as oxford . 
  the only reason norwich gets claimed by the south is because the city centre is old and pretty and lots of arty intellectual types from the south move there to have a go at being `` provincial '' for a change . 
  outside of the city the people are virtually a separate species due to the quantity of inbreeding anyway . 
  what 's interesting is how perceptions have changed with time . 
  for example , during the post-war period birmingham would have been comfortably called a `` southern '' city due to its economic prosperity . 
  the people there even say `` pass '' like `` parse '' etc , but with the economic decline of the 70s and 80s it got a northern reputation , and that even affected the accent , with everyone almost universally switching to `` pass '' to rhyme with `` ass '' . 
  the traditional north remains suspicious of birmingham and refuses to acknowledge their claims of northern solidarity , which they make on the basis of working class communities and industrial decline , due to a suspicious proximity to london and jealously over the 2nd city title . 
  yes , sometimes you do want a mixture , at which point you 're amenable to sharing , however , if you want four apples , and get a fruit salad , it 's not the same . 
  lots of people just want what they want and do n't want to share , simple as that . 
  yes , but in many cases it wo n't be the same , which will mean in that language that sentence wo n't be badly written . 
  rather it will be totally unambiguous . 
  yes , from the way many us writer treat leaving the us you 'd think they were travelling to medieval china . 
  i 'm sure when some americans look into the eyes of even someone from another english speaking country , they have convinced themselves they 're seeing someone from a world so vastly different from their own that any kind of common ground that does n't rely on patronising attempts at cultural sharing is impossible . 
  i mean seriously , people in canada do n't even have in and out burger , how could we ever possibly think alike . 
  i do n't know what you 're on about frankly . 
  people in the uk are n't culturally adverse to sharing food . 
  lots of times you can go with friends to a restaurant and share , it just requires that everyone wants to do that . 
  when trying a new restaurant or ethnic food that we 're not well acquainted with then sharing is perfectly normal in british culture . 
  furthermore , certain contexts , like a tapas restaurant for example , it would be weird not to . 
  if someone went to a tapas place and refused to share everyone would think them weird , picky , or selfish .
