  however , with legacy servers , everyone who returned to the game knows exactly what to expect , they know not to roll a paladin if they want to tank raids . 
  the purpose of legacy servers would be to recreate the game as it was , not adjust it to the demands of new players , so if you do n't want that then do n't play it . 
  what you do n't seem to realise is that a significant number of players do want to play that game . 
  at least enough for blizzard to make some money from it . 
  in most countries criminal records under a certain length of sentence expire automatically . 
  for example if you got 6 months , 2 years later and you would n't need to declare that criminal record and the only way anyone can find that information about your crime is through an advanced checked . 
  to do an advanced check an employer must be a government agency , a protected professional like a lawyer or doctor , or show that the job entails working with vulnerable people like children , the elderly , or the mentally handicapped . 
  the longer the sentence the longer you have to wait until the record expires , for example 1-3 sentences might take 5 years to expire , 3-8 year sentences might take 10 years to expire , and anything beyond 8 years stays on your record for life . 
  this is a much better system if you ask me , because everyone except the most serious criminals have the knowledge that one day in the future they 'll be able to apply for regular jobs like a normal person , and put their criminal history in the past . 
  how is that relevant ? 
  i was talking about legal systems generally , and how the system gives the impression that you life is ruined forever even if it is n't . 
  in this case , the kid obviously could n't deal with the pressure and stress of being prosecuted for a federal crime by the dea . 
  i 've been indicted before in my own country and it 's terrifying even if the charges are minor and the evidence against you is bullshit and there next to no chance that they 'll convict you anything ( as was the case for me ) , it 's still an absolutely nerve racking and hectic time . 
  i imagine it was x100 worse for him being young , having strong evidence against him , and being up against the us judicial system at a federal level with the thought of federal prison looming over him ( even if he was n't going to go there he would n't have known this ) . 
  i wonder if he had chance to speak to a lawyer before he killed himself to be honest , because doing that generally does a lot to allay your fears and get you thinking straight about the task in hand . 
  man you have a bee in your bonnet about something . 
  my comment was replying to a comment about how the system makes it * seem * that life is over if you get a criminal record . 
  i responded with an example of how in some countries these fears are allayed by having criminal records automatically expire . 
  how things * actually * work are not relevant to how things * seem * , is that hard to comprehend ? 
  i said it was a federal case because that 's what people in this thread have said . 
  furthermore whilst i know federal prisons are generally considered to be safer than state prisons in the us but it 's still hardly an appealing concept to a 20 year old kid at university and there 's no way of knowing how he perceived it or what he believed . 
  nor do we know if he had spoken to a lawyer at this point , it seems like he acted pretty quickly considering that in the letter he had to explain to his parents what had happened to him . 
  seriously i do n't why you 're taking this sarky tone as if i 'd personally insulted you . 
  i do n't know what 's so hard to understand here . 
  he most likely believed his life was ruined beyond repair , even if it was n't . 
  it probably was n't an entirely rational thing , suicide rarely is . 
  imagine you 're a naive student away from home for the first time , your parents proud of your accomplishments , you have a bunch of serious business dea agents coming into your home , arrest you one incredibly serious sounding charges , treat you like a common criminal who 's done something serious . 
  then you also have to deal the reality of telling the people closest to you , all of whom are proud of you , that you 've been indicted for these charges and that your future stands in the balance . 
  the emotional stress of that led him to suicide . 
  thousands of kids his age kill themselves around the world for things as simple as dropping out of university or failing their course . 
  at my university there was probably 1-3 suicides a year out of an on campus population of 10,000 , often undergrads dealing with life by themselves for the first time who are having a hard time adjusting to university life . 
  my friend was a post grade halls resident , he got a discount on his rent in return for taking a pastoral role in a block of undergrad flats , and he found a 1st year kid who had hanged himself in his room simply because he had n't been able to make friends and adapt to student life . 
  also during my time at university i knew of 2 separate cases of people having to call the emergency services on someone because they were having mental health issues . 
  the pressure this would have put him under is far greater than anything those kids face , i do n't think it 's a mystery why he killed himself , even if in reality he could have walked away from this with only a minimal impact , all that matters is the mental state he was in and not the reality of the legal ramifications for his actions . 
  other kids might have had the same happen to them and not done as he did , sure , but this what happened in this case . 
  in london all salaries are adjusted . 
  i imagine it 's the same for doctors , they will earn 10-20 % more because of the cost of living , still you 'd be look at a commute and a shared flat or bedsit like the majority of young earners in london are . 
  lots . 
  because within a few years you 'll be earning double or triple that . 
  the average salary for a regular work a day gp in the uk is roughly # 50000 . 
  this is the salary for doctors that are basically fresh out of uni . 
  it does n't matter that it 's classed as undergraduate . 
  once you 've done your 5 years in medicine in the uk you are ready to practise medicine , albeit only in a junior capacity . 
  a medical graduate in the uk will know x5 more about being a doctor than a 1st year medical student in the us . 
  1st year medical student in the us ( who will be a post-grad ) is like first year medical student in uk ( who will be 19 ) , the difference is we do n't make people jump through the hoop of acquiring an additional more or less irrelevant degree before becoming a doctor . 
  oh and yes you can come to the us and practise medicine with a british medical undergraduate degree , it 's treated the same as if you had been to medical school in any other recognised nation ( regardless of whether that country requires an undergrad degree before studying medicine ) , everyone does the same test to become a doctor in america . 
  that means that if a 23 year old straight out of a medical degree in the uk moved to the us he 'd do the same test as a british specialist with 20 years experience in order to have this qualification recognised in the us . 
  ultimately someone who 's studied the undergraduate 5 year medical course in the uk knows the same shit than someone who has done pre-med + medical school in the us knows , they just did n't waste their time studying biology or whatever else for 4 years before they started learning about medicine . 
  you 're talking pure shit . 
  there is a course you can take with a foreign medicine degree in order to have it recognised in the us . 
  most of the shit british doctors will already know . 
  the harder part is obtaining a green card . 
  it works the same as regular university afaik , it just takes longer . 
  you pay # 9,000 a year for which the government gives you a loan , the loan is low interest , you pay this loan off only when you earn over a certain amount a year . 
  as you earn more the rate at which you pay it off is increased . 
  i know a pair of junior doctors who 've done exactly that . 
  now they 're both earning effectively double what they had before when you account for cost of living and other things . 
   are you seriously arguing that those extra two years of foundational science and the humanities are irrelevant to the practice of medicine ? 
  of course they 're entirely irrelevant . 
  if you want to practise engineering you do n't go around learning english literature and zoology . 
  i you really trying to argue that generic bachelor 's level study in biology or chemistry has any real bearing on the practice of medicine ? 
  ironically much of the material of those additional two years education americans are required to do will be covered by british students in school , since the typical british medical student will have spent the ages between 16-18 studying only science , which means the average british university applicant already knows as much about their subject area as a 2nd year university student in the us . 
  this is why a british student of , say , psychology can earn reach the equivalent level of knowledge as a us psychology major in only 3 years . 
   and no , you ca n't just `` take a test '' and be recognized to practice medicine at any qualified hospital in the us with a five year degree from the uk . 
  yes , they can , with a british `` undergraduate '' medical degree ( actually a research degree ) , a british emigrant to the us can study the gme as a resident and then apply for for a licence to practise in the state they 've moved to . 
  the test they must take to do this the usmle examination part 1 and 2 + a language assessment . 
  this is literally all someone with a 5 year british medical degree needs to do to be on par with someone who 's done 8 years study in the us . 
  once you 've done this you get something called a standard ecfmg certificate which means you 're exactly the same as an american citizen who 's just finished the md. 
  this means that a hypothetical british immigrant to the us could become a fully qualified doctor in the us faster than his american peers because he did n't waste time taking easy 101 courses for credit when he was 18-20 . 
  a british emigrant could start his or her residency in a us hospital at 23-24 , a student studying in the us could start at 26-27 at the earliest . 
  i think you just have a problem acknowledging that a medical graduate in the uk , who 's done 5 years pure medical training , is easily as qualified as someone whose done 8 years study in the us . 
  what is better ? 
  a system where it expires ? 
  or a system like the us where it stays on your record forever unless you actually convince a judge to expunge it ? 
  i never said these were perfect systems , merely that systems where records expire is preferable to one where it does n't . 
  at least you know that one day you 'll have that black mark off your record , in the us you would n't . 
  do n't know , but the point is they 'll get a bit more . 
  what country are you in btw ? 
  just because being on probation in the uk does n't mean the same as having a criminal record . 
  probation here would mean that you are released from prison early and serve the remainder of your sentence on probation , which will have tight conditions like having to check in with a probation officer and whatever else . 
  criminal record just means you are required to disclose the crime you were convicted for to any potential employers . 
  every application sheet has a thing saying `` have you ever been convicted of a crime '' and if your record has n't expired then you 'll have to tick yes or you 'll be breaking the law . 
  in the uk it is rough for ex-cons whose record 's have n't expired , but some people do manage to find jobs . 
  many jobs here , like for example construction work , do n't care that much about criminal records . 
  the only problem is when jobs are short , obviously employers will pick the guy with the clean sheet over the guy without one . 
  there is also no real difference between a felony and misdemeanour here either , it 's done on the basis of how long the sentence was and what crime it was for . 
  yeah , that 's a tough break . 
  i fear canada might have a similar stigma around people with records as the us does . 
  i think the us is the harshest country towards ex-cons . 
  the us justice system scares me a little . 
  chin up anyway , you could always try doing something mundane or tedious until that period is up . 
  just because you 're doing a crappy job does n't mean your life has to suck . 
  someone somewhere has to be willing to give you a break to do something , even if it 's just stacking shelves . 
  just hold out until your probation period is over and then you can go back to living like an 1st class citizen again . 
  do you not even remotely understand what 's happening here ? 
  they want to work the same , for the same pay , as they have been doing . 
  the government is trying to make them work more , and more unsociable hours , for the same pay . 
  either the government needs to give them more money for the extra unsociable hours , or things need to remain the same , either outcome would stop the strike . 
  i 'm not defensive , you 're just going around trying to belittle the training that doctors receive in the uk . 
  i think you 're just angry because the uk does in 5 years what takes 8 years in the us .
