  this footage is clearly over 10 years old . 
  because she 's on drugs dummy, 
  tbf i 'm not denying that . 
  a kind of laissez-faire liberalism has always been at the core of english culture . 
  we 've always been a mongrel isle that stood apart from the major cultures of europe such as france , italy , germany and spain , which was a lot to do with a 20 mile wide strip of sea called the channel . 
  do we mean it as in disinterested in the revolutionary cause or ugly and misshapen ? 
  naturally , the borders of mainland europe have changed countless times times throughout history , the only sense that 's happened to england is with the scottish . 
  island nations always have a unique mentality , perhaps more willing to accept new ideas as their cultural identity is already defined by geography . 
  kindergarden ? 
  it was n't until 1707 remember . 
  i 'd like some war-cess-derrr-shy-err sauce please !, 
  ok so i 'm going to put my thought forward and please do n't downvote just for the sheer hell of it . 
  so basically the thing is from a strict technical standpoint she 's not wrong . 
  ask any nutritionist or doctor and they will agree that your body chemistry does impact the way efficiency with which your body absorbs chemical energy from of what you consume . 
  it also impacts what you body does with that chemical energy , either build fat reserves or muscle and so on . 
  however the reason this is fat logic is because people use this medical fact ignorantly to excuse themselves from being responsible for their own eating and exercise habits . 
  they act as if the normal variation between human metabolism entails that certain otherwise healthy people can not lose weight with a normal level of diet control and exercise , which ultimately is the real fat logic . 
  the variation between people in terms of metabolism influencing weight loss is probably only a few percent . 
  so for someone with a slow metabolism is might be 4 % harder for them to lose weight than someone with a fast metabolism , they pretend as if this 4 % of difference is a far larger and far bigger deal than it truly is . 
  the only exception to this is people with genuine medical problems . 
  for example if someone has testicular cancer and then does n't get enough hormone treatment then they will surely retain a lot of fat . 
  likewise someone with a genuine thyroid problem will do the same . 
  the other piece of classic fat logic is the self-diagnosis of a medical problem to absolve them of responsibility of maintaining a healthy weight . 
  it 's the same with the bmi is useless people . 
  yes bmi has limitations , many weight lifters are obese by the bmi 's scale , the stupid thing is that most the people saying this are n't remotely weight lifters or muscular , they 're fat guys who do some curls once a week and claim it means bmi no longer applies to them . 
  another classic piece of fat logic . 
  imo the real fat logics are ;, 
  1 ) exaggerating the impact that the natural variation in metabolism has on weight loss . 
  2 ) self-diagnosing a medical complaint to diminish responsibility for weight loss, 
  3 ) pretending to be muscular when really they 're just fat, 
  you wo n't convert a true fat logic-er by saying calories in vs calories out or saying that medical complaints that induce weight gain do n't exist , because these things are technically false/oversimplified , nor will you do so pretending that bmi is absolute without limitations . 
  you 've got to make them see how they 're using these facts as excuses for their own personal issues , and the reason these facts become clich\u00e9s is because they 're so often used as excuses . 
  bigfoot is n't ridiculous !, 
  sorry ... whisky, 
  it 's not quite that simple though . 
  burn is ultimately a bad verb to use here because physically metabolism is more complicated than say a candle . 
  if we took a testosterone deprived guy and a control guy and both put them on the same diet and made them do exactly the same exercise each day they would both burn the same amount of energy doing the same work assuming all other variables were controlled for . 
  the difference would be in how calories that they consumed are then used rather than burned . 
  with testosterone much more of that energy would go into building up muscle while the other guy would continue to store fat . 
  both storing fat and building muscle actually require chemical energy to happen , but the muscle needs more to be maintained . 
  yes , laws about the conservation of energy do apply to human bodies , naturally . 
  however , the conversion of food into motion , fat or muscle ( or the millions of other things your body requires ) , is n't the same as the complete ( or closer to complete ) energy conversions you see in a physics experiment . 
  when you ignite some fuel , you see the conversion of chemical energy into heat , light , sound , radiation and so forth , however when you eat you 're not simply converting that into kinetic energy so you can go and do some exercise , there 's a tonne of other things going on as well . 
  well actually i think the testosterone deprived individual should get hormone therapy . 
  point is that they 're both eating recommended diets for their age/weight/gender and so on , and both doing decent level of exercise but one is fatter than the other . 
  equally they are both burning the same calories in energy through action . 
  ok , but co here is nothing to do with what that guy does of his only volition and everything to do with what his body is doing without his control . 
   there is no free pass just because you burn 50 calories less per day than the average person . . 
  did you read my previous post ? 
  if you did you 'd know my point does n't remotely support that , in fact that 's what i was calling the true fat logic , exaggerating the difference in normal healthy variation in metabolism rates . 
  that 's why i 'm using an example of someone with drastically low testosterone levels in the example . 
  if co is n't just the activity someone does , then it has to defined by a million and one variables in human metabolism , in some medically recognised circumstances it makes a huge difference . 
  personally i think ci co is a bad analogy , because it likens what the body does with food far to much to a simple chemical reaction rather than a incredibly complex process of converting chemical energy to motion , changing materials into different components , storage and excretion . 
  if you eat 2000 calories of pure glucose a day you 'll still be a lot less healthy than someone who eats a more balanced diet , because your body does less work to turn that into fat than other materials . 
  none of this makes fat logic any more valid , i just think you need to qualify in order to convince fatties that you 're not just being callous , so that they 'll see the true error of their ways . 
  it 's not proved in anything but the most abstract sense . 
  i 've just explained it in the most obvious of ways . 
  yes , ci co is true but virtue of physical law , but co is not always defined by exercise . 
  it 's a heuristic , a useful tool for weight loss/gain , however the materials that constitute those calories do have an impact as well . 
  do n't mistake a simplification for absolute truth . 
  also if someone has a legitimate condition they need to first and foremost address the condition , adjusting diet if it 's medically appropriate . 
  no point starving yourself with a sub-average intake if your metabolic issue can be solved through treatment . 
  i mean ask your doctor , if you have someone who 's rda of calories is 2500 and they want to lose weight , will they lose more on a balanced diet rich in lean protein and vegetables intaking 2200 a day , or intaking 2000 of pure sugar and starch . 
  they 'll tell you that what you eat is also important , not merely the calorific value of it . 
  certain materials are more readily stored as fat than others despite having the same calorific value . 
  i 'm not excusing any fatties in saying this , i 'm merely point out weight loss is a bit more complex than the calories you stick in your mouth and the amount you move around to use them up . 
  this one guy pulled himself up from nothing and now 's a billionaire . 
  therefore we can all be billionaires !, 
  you have n't been reading your ayn rand have you !, 
  im just telling you what any doctor would tell you . 
  i must be fat for that right . 
  fucking idiots on this forum turning it into fat people hate . 
  since i meant the scottish stuff it would be whisky . 
  jesus christ , read back to what i was replying to , he was replying to me you idiot . 
  i was the one who started the whole whiskey/whisky topic , so please tell me where i specified ireland ? 
  i said . 
   whiskey ? 
  thanks scotland . 
  he said . 
  ( and he was correcting me ffs ! ), 
   whiskey comes from ireland . 
  i said . 
   sorry ... whisky, 
  ( as in , what i should have said was `` whisky ? 
  thanks scotland '' ), 
  now you 're telling me my correction is wrong ? 
  are you fucking stupid son ? 
  also drop the attitude , do n't assume what i 'd say , i can say scotch or i can say whisky , whiskey was the mistake which is why i posted `` sorry ... whisky '' . 
  i already owned up to the mistake a long time ago , you 're the one who is now trying to correct my correction which is fully retarded . 
  now own up to your mistake like a man ? 
  still awaiting your manly apology ... 
  i have just ordered some from grindhouse so i would bloody hope so , glad to see people saying they 're legit . 
  it worked out best for me since they 're german based . 
  i get a feeling they 're a big warehouse rather than an indie skateshop , but they 're prices seem to be unbeaten . 
  the irony being is that they could n't find any , while the spencers who provided the people 's princess are so noble they 've got titles coming out their arse . 
  middleton on the other hand comes from a long line of millers . 
  fun fact i learnt from northampton village locals is that when she was princess the whole family turned on her , and a number of times she tried to visit she was simply turned away by the family who could n't stand the shame she was bringing upon the family once things started to get tabloidy . 
  lol you count 1812 as a win , that 's desperate . 
  1812 , that time you lost the white house , were kicked out of canada , and one a single battle after the war had ended ? 
  battle of britain ?
