  no there is n't , there are just racists and xenophobes , and those gullible enough to be swayed by their poorly put together arguments . 
   who have done absolutely nothing wrong other than wanting to live around people who are like them . 
  are you suggesting that eu immigrants are n't `` like them '' , because they are , and the only people who believe otherwise are the racists and xenophobes . 
  i 'll also point that while there were a few places like lincolnshire and peterborough which see a large number of eu migrants that voted out , the vast majority of areas that voted out see little immigration . 
  in fact the fewer the immigrants in the area , the higher the leave support was , it correlated very closely . 
  this is n't so much about people who live around immigrants voting to oust them or stem the flow into their areas , but rather about areas that are majority white british fearing the immigrants they see in the cities and voting to try to stop it ever reaching their bastions of antiquated english culture . 
   who get demonized as though their notion of community is somehow bigoted when they do n't want to impose on anyone else , and just in turn do n't want to be imposed upon . 
  yes , their notion of community which excludes eu immigrants is inherently bigoted , and the world will be a better place when that generation is gone . 
   because the eu has always acted with utter contempt for those people it has become their enemy . 
  oh yes , guaranteed holidays , maternity and paternity leave , and other such pro-worker legislation . 
  all really fucking the little guy . 
  the eu has never acted with contempt for these people , much rather the tory government has , and now they 'll have a free reign to revoke those eu laws and give people a deal even worse before . 
   yeaaaa , see this is exactly where you absolutely lose me . 
  you ca n't accuse people of xenophobia and at the same time say that everyone is the same . 
  if everyone was the same then how would a xenophobe know who to be afraid of ? 
  that 's just false reasoning . 
  everyone is the same , those polish workers are just as good people , just as part of the eu , and just as capable as the people as the british people living near to them . 
  the xenophobe fails to acknowledge this because they enjoy the feeling of satisfaction creating themselves and enemy and someone to blame gives them . 
   besides , nobody ever accuses immigrant communities of being xenophobic when they all move to the same neighborhood so they can live around mostly people who come from their cultural circle . 
  it 's natural for immigrants to do this , and it 's no indication that they are xenophobic or consider themselves better than brits , nor is it indication that they do n't want to do so . 
  have you ever tried living outside your country of birth ? 
  ever tried living in a country where the majority speak a language that is a 2nd language to you ? 
  it 's very hard , people live together so they can build social support for themselves , it 's just easier to do when you 're still reasonably new to the country . 
  it 's difficult to navigate a new culture , the practices of the society , such as tax and employment can be new to you , information can be hard to find , it helps to have people around you that are in a similar situation . 
  people put themselves through that precisely because they want to be part of our society , to contribute and to become our friends and neighbours , we should respect that . 
   see , making statements like that is exactly why the eu deserves to fall apart . 
  you full on want people who just want to be left alone to die . 
  i did n't say i want them to die , i 'm saying that the world will be better when the generation that hold these kind of misguided world views is gone . 
  they will eventually die . 
   i mean let 's see , how about we apply your logic to uncontacted tribes in the amazon rainforests . 
  they just want to be left alone , so they are inherently bigoted , and the world will be better off once they die . 
  right ? 
  this is a ridiculous comparison . 
  africa tribes are primitives , they have terrible quality of life , they are left alone if they want to be left alone because of some kind of modern guilt , they essentially live in zoo where society is n't allowed to bother them . 
  i 'll ask you a simple question , why is it good to be left alone ? 
  why is it good to let people who only want to live with those people are are similar to themselves . 
  as far as i 'm concerned there 's nothing good about this . 
  however , when people stop seeing each other on the basis of nationality , customs , and languages then good things happen , society improves , people live fuller lives . 
  we simply should live credence to people who do not acknowledge that immigration enhances society . 
  people who believe the world is better when similar people live together and are separated from other by geography should not have taken their misinformed beliefs taken seriously . 
   who 's saying anything different ? 
  can you not conceive that two populations might be different from each other without one being superior to the other ? 
   you 're ranting about xenophobes and racists while you are the one who seems to be incapable of thinking of people as being equal without wanting to all be stewed in the same pot . 
  what the fuck is wrong with you ? 
  no , i 'm the one who is not racist . 
  the point is if two populations exist , and neither is superior to the other , then there is no good argument why being stewed in the same pot would be a problem . 
  people should just be indifferent to the nationality of their neighbours ( as all non-racist people are ) . 
  if people believe this , then there is no conflict of interest when they share a place to live . 
  furthermore nobody is stopping people from moving to areas where there are only people similar to themselves . 
  nor is anyone telling eu migrants where to settle . 
  all that happens is that eu migrants at allowed into the country , and they choose to settle in some parts more and other parts less . 
  if people were n't racist , then they simply would n't care if they came or not . 
   i ask you a simple question in return . 
  why do you think it 's good to force people who have done nothing wrong out of their comfort zone ? 
  what makes it so righteous to destroy the life they want to live if they are n't hurting anyone ? 
  nobody is forcing anything . 
  if they do n't like their town with immigrants , they can move to a town with fewer immigrants , only a tiny percentage of the british population were actually born in a foreign country , and a large majority are white english who 've been here many generations . 
  while i respect people 's right to do that if they please , their preference for areas containing a larger majority of people with an an identical culture to themselves , is a paltry unimportant thing compared to the right of people in this country who 've come from abroad to settle wherever they please . 
  if someone does n't like daffodils , they can seek out a village with no daffodils in it , but that 's no reason to go around digging up flowers . 
  as for the `` comfort zone '' of not having to encounter many foreigners , that particular comfort has been shown time and time again to be unhealthy . 
  their sense of a `` comfort zone '' is actually harmful to others , and we should do everything we can to take them out of that comfort zone and make them feel comfortable in an society that is n't based around sticking with people of your own colour , creed , or nationality . 
   where do you get off thinking that your idea of what makes a good society needs to be forced on everyone ? 
  it 's not an idea . 
  it is good for society , end of , that 's just a fact . 
  history of is the story of people making changes that make society better , sometimes we make things worse , but overall , across history , things have improved . 
  it is everyone 's responsibility to improve society as best they can . 
  since we know that immigration enriches our country as a fact , there 's no reason not to do it , if people do n't like it it 's because they 're mistaken . 
   also , do you maybe begin to understand why a lot of people do n't want to live in a megastate with people like you at the helm ? 
  no , most people with an education want to live in world like i want it . 
  this is nothing to do with a megastate . 
  the eu is not a megastate , if it was to become one we would have been able to decide whether to join . 
  leave side paranoia about world government and globalism aside , almost everyone with a proper education , capable of seeing the bigger picture , wanted to stay . 
  ignorant people , who lack the ability to see beyond their small world view or see through clearly fraudulent information , wanted to leave . 
   people who do n't give a fuck if they are making millions of people unhappy because they think they have some kind of moral mandate to change the world into their personal utopia . 
  people are irrational , especially those in poverty or with low education . 
  they have the right to get angry and unhappy , however they are liable to blame the wrong people , they are liable to let their more primitive psychological urges override their sense of reason . 
  primitive urges like the desire to externalise their problems onto a foreign enemy , rather than the actual cause . 
  instead of bowing to their whims , we should show them who is really to blame for their problems , and teach them how to be happy in a world that is actually healthy . 
   you accuse people of hate and fear and intolerance , yet you are the one who insists their comfort is irrelevant and they need to change or die . 
  seriously , fuck you . 
  no , fuck those intolerant , hateful , and fearful people who voted to leave the eu . 
  fuck all those people that sit around trying to justify away their bigotry , the people claiming that this is about sovereignty , when it 's clearly not about that as the uk has always been sovereign . 
  you could have asked any constitutional expert and they would have told you so , and if you did n't believe it 's because your either a conspiracy loon or to stupid to acknowledge when someone is right . 
  fuck the people claiming immigrants bring down wages when there 's absolutely no evidence for that . 
  even hard hit sectors like unskilled agricultural labour ( a fraction of the economy ) only showed at most a 2 % decrease in wage rises compared to before the eu . 
  fuck the people claiming that eu migrants are stressing the nhs , school system , and other government services , when the eu migrants are bringing in more tax to the government than they 're taking out . 
  if nhs , school services , and government services are more burdened than before , it 's obviously because that tax money eu migrants give to the government is not getting to the public sector , because if it was getting there then would mean that government services had * more * money per capita to spend on these things . 
  fuck all the people who are so uneducated that they though we 'd be financially better off if we stopped making eu contributions . 
  when so much of that money comes back to us and is given the poorest ( good luck getting the tory government to plough that much money into those deprived areas ) , and when the economic advantages of being in the eu earn us far more than 350 million a week . 
  fuck all the people who made the british fishermen and farmers into martyr , using their self-interest to encourage the most vulnerable parts of society to vote themselves into greater poverty and austerity than ever before . 
  these industries are tiny in the uk , they may boom as a result of leaving the eu , but the farmers ' and fishermen 's wealth will be paid for by the wages of the british factory workers who lose their jobs when manufacturing downsizes . 
  x10 more people will suffer now as a result of this move than all the fishermen and farmers in the uk combined . 
  and seriously , fuck all the media , politicians , and bigoted pub bores who tried to legitimise the leave side 's argument . 
  everyone with a brain knows that there is absolutely no benefit for the uk in leaving the eu , which is why every sane politician and legitimate economist was against it , and only the politicians desperately trying to boost their careers were not . 
  this is absolutely no reason to have voted leave , and whatever reason you do put forward is either inconsequential relative to the downsides of leaving , or the product of a racist brain that is desperately trying to rationalise their irrational dislike for difference and cultures that are n't their own into something that pretends to be a legitimate position . 
   so if one group of people likes to listen to pop music and another group of people likes to listen to rock music , and neither music is objectively better than the other then they should n't be allowed to have separate venues where their music of choice is played ? 
  that 's a bad analogy . 
  a better analogy would be : so if one group of people likes to listen to pop music and another group of people likes to listen to rock music , and neither music is objectively better than the other then they should n't be made to live separated by geography , neither easily able to move over to the other 's side , they should entirely apart , with the need of special documentation to even visit each other , and barriers to stop them readily working with each other . 
  the point is that although we have separate rock venues and pop venues , although the most do n't , people from rock venues are welcome to go to pop venues and vice versa . 
  in a similar way , not all eu citizens want to live in the uk and not all uk citizens want to live in eu countries , however they are able to .
