  if you think that 's a waste of tax payers money then i suggest you have a word with your government , because anyone who 's worked in a government agency knows we pay people to think about exactly these kinds of hypotheticals . 
  a commercial aircraft being without a train pilot is ludicrously plausible compared to many of the things we have plans for . 
  oh and fyi , just because we have a plan for what to do if aliens land does n't mean we train every tom , dick , and harry what to do if it happens . 
  the fact that a plane being without a pilot is unlikely is precisely why you have n't heard about such a plan , but to take that as evidence that no such plan exists is utterly utterly moronic . 
  edit : some more facts for you to consider , `` talk-down landings '' have actually happened , they 've just not yet happened with any large commercial aircraft . 
  small aircraft have had pilots die or become unfit to fly mid-flight multiple times , so they undoubtedly do have a `` talk-down landing '' plan . 
   oh , are you doing the thing where you went off on a tangent and changed what we 're talking about ? 
  watch the video . 
  we 're talking about an incapacitated pilot and an untrained person talking to atc . 
  not a national emergency . 
  are you stupid ? 
  an unpiloted plane in your national airspace is the definition of a national emergency . 
   it 's not , as has been repeatedly demonstrated to you . 
  by people who are in the industry and actually know what they 're talking about , your majesty . 
  yeah , some guy who works in atc saying that ** he ** does n't know of a plan means there is n't one ? 
  he acknowledge that there could be a plan , just that he does n't know about it , in fact he was far more reasonable than you are . 
   okay . 
  and i 'm glad you 're confident in your iq . 
  but , again , there is no plan in place for that situation . 
  you might want there to be a plan . 
  but there is n't . 
  it just does n't happen often enough ( or , statistically , ever ) to warrant spending resources on it . 
  you do n't know anything about government spending of resources obviously , in fact i do n't think you even live in the real world . 
  you just want there not to be a plan because you want to be right or want to feel like you 're smugly superior to those who believe the government plans for more or less everything ( because you 're and edgy teen who wants to make out like the government are total morons ) . 
  as an adult with half a brain , it 's clear that a know far more about the mentality of government agencies than you do . 
  plus it 's not expensive to form a plan for a feasible but unlikely scenario , it would , however , be expensive to teach every atc worker with that specific scenario , which is why they do n't bother . 
   i guarantee you that i 've heard about far more downed-aircraft events than you have . 
  and you can try and say that people who disagree with you are stupid , but what 's stupid is blatantly ignoring an actual atc telling you there is no plan just because you want to think you know how the world works . 
  if you knew about it then you would know that `` talk-down landing '' have actually occurred multiple times . 
  so there definitely is a fucking plan , it would be a plan based on what they did in those scenarios . 
   ( you do n't . 
  there is no plan . 
  get over it . ), 
  there is a plan , because it 's already fucking happened , a quick google would tell you that . 
  you 're wrong , but as this is reddit you 're too full of your own hot air to acknowledge that . 
   a national emergency is a situation that puts national security at risk . 
  a pilot having a heart attack and a single plane crashing is , sadly , not considered such a situation . 
  a large plane crashing in a populated area is n't a national security risk ? 
  you are really that stupid . 
   yes , someone who does the exact job in question says their is n't a plan . 
  no he said he did n't know of a plan . 
  he was n't so arrogant as to assume that because he does n't know of one there ca n't be one . 
  oh look ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/talk_down_aircraft_landing, 
  it 's actually happened . 
  it 's just not yet happened on a commercial aircraft . 
  as someone who knows how governments work . 
  there is a fucking plan . 
  now fuck off you insolent child , and let that adults go about their business , and be glad that there are people whose job it is to think about this stuff so you can enjoy better security at home while you act smugly dismissive on the internet . 
  exactly , and and also behind the scenes they massively funded a grassroots movement from a retired american school teacher of all people to get public opinion behind them . 
  roll out this innocent elderly every man because their interests , the school teacher worrying about noise pollution near his house , and the american aviation industry fearing overseas competition , happened to coincide . 
  the fact is that at the time all the money was in transatlantic crossing , as well as east to west coast us . 
  countries like russia , china , even germany , did n't have the economic clout they do today . 
  the major routes planned were london  ny , london  la , paris  ny , paris  la , and ny  la. 
  if this had been permitted concorde would have been far more economically viable , and this would 've probably have led to the opening up of other major routes between world capitals . 
  with no ability to cross us soil the project was majorly fucked from the off . 
  with a project like this you needed an economy of scale , you need airliners other than the nationalised airlines of the countries that developed it to buy and operate the planes . 
  the more concordes flying , the cheaper the operating and maintenance cost . 
  by coming out against supersonic travel simply to serve their own economic interests the us aviation industry kinda fucked everyone , and made supersonic travel a completely non-viable option . 
  this vox piece totally fails to acknowledge that the `` environmental concerns '' in the us were largely unfounded and only came out after the us aviation industry scrapped its own supersonic programme . 
  it was highly hypocritical of them of cite pollution while in other industries being massively behind other developed countries in their environmental concern . 
  what 's even worse though is that due to the price of oil these days we 're unlikely to see supersonic travel ever make a come back , even with improved technology , as making flight cheaper and less resource dependent is now the only factor anyone is looking at . 
  we 'll all die waiting for someone to invent anti-gravity technology before we 'll be able to travel between north america and europe as quickly as our parents theoretically could have . 
  1 ) 2 ) and 4 ) are all irrelevant , it was a luxury product , it was never meant to be a meat wagon , and there certainly was a market for it . 
   3 ) the sonic boom kept it restricted to flying over water only . 
  no , the us aviation industry restricted it to flying over water only , funnily enough the british and french who made it had no problem with it flying over land . 
  it as the us aviation industry who made it into an issue , when really a sonic boom at god know how many feet is no more noise polluting than living next to an airport . 
  you do n't see the us banning airports do you . 
  it was a perfectly viable project until the us aviation industry did everything they could to make it unworkable , including lobbying for legislation that would prohibit from flying over land on the basis of noise pollution and ozone layer impact . 
  tell me , when did the us government last give a fuck about these things when it was n't in their interest to do so ? 
  wow , there are absolutely no occurrence of britain invading the us past 1814 , but they had plan for that well into the 20th century . 
  it really does n't cost much to `` plan '' for something . 
  i wo n't talk to you like an adult when you act like a child , i 'll talk to you like an insolent child because that 's how you 're acting . 
  now please fuck off . 
  there was a plan when those two incidents occurred , therefore there is a plan , it 's an incontrovertible fact . 
  it 's nothing to do with flight experience either , the article clearly states that in one case he did n't have any ( aircrew ! = flight experience ) , and in the other that person had no experience worth a damn . 
  it 's shocking that morons like you exist , but it 's not my problem , why do n't you go take your unrealistic world view somewhere else ? 
  how do you think anyone living within 2 miles of a regular airport feels ? 
  the noise pollution coming from non-supersonic aircraft is bad . 
  if you 'd taken someone from the 1920s to a few miles from jfk or heathrow they 'd tell you that it was an abomination and that human beings should never have to suffer such a din . 
  however , we just take that noise pollution as a necessary cost of modern life and deal with it . 
  as someone who 's spent most their life living right next to railways i can tell you that your brain just stops noticing it after a while . 
  had it been in the interest of the us industries for sonic booms to become just an accepted part of ordinary life then it would 've done so . 
  however , they drew an arbitrary line , not because they were worried about the impact on the environment/people who live near airports , but because it was n't advantageous to do so . 
  notice how they do n't ban supersonic military aircraft from practising in parts of the world where some unfortunate people happen to live . 
  sure , altitude is a factor , restrictions are very sensible , but to blanket ban supersonic flight over us soil ( unless you happen to the us military of course ) , was nothing more than a cheap attempt to sabotage the project because it was n't beneficial to american interests . 
   meat wagons are what keep an airline in business , not luxury products . 
  if it was n't the case , most airliners would have a luxury cabin instead of being mostly coach . 
  this is highly reductive . 
  there are airlines like emirates that survive specialising entirely in higher end travel , coach in emirates is more like business class in other airlines , then there are your ryan airs and easy jets that profit from the very budget end . 
  it 's a misnomer to believe that industries ca n't thrive catering only to the higher end , this might become true in times of economic decline , but during prosperous periods it can generate more profit than budget options . 
  important factor being how close the boom is . 
  banning sonic booms over population hubs = sensible idea , a blanket ban on sonic booms over land ? 
  = a completely overbearing restriction with an ulterior motive . 
  so do i. k\u00f6ln is the friendliest city in germany , it 's also a sensible size so you can walk from one side of it to other in about an hour . 
  the trains run well in my experience , and we also have 24hr public transport from thursday night  sunday morning . 
  my rent is 500 euros a month warm and i 'm in the heart of the student area and only a mile out from the centre !, 
  i 'm also happy to pay for german pensioners :d, 
  `` the concorde '' means the same as `` the agreement '' to me . 
  you are right , it should always be referred to as `` concorde '' . 
  actually what they 're saying it `` maahhk '' two , it just that as an american one is incapable of pronouncing `` o '' , so words like com and calm sound the same , and you therefore interpret their pronunciation as `` mock '' .
