  there 's no rounded back vowel corresponding with - o in american , which is something that virtually all european languages have . 
  americans also removed stuff like yod-coalescence , elision , vowel reduction , all features that older forms of english had but americans lost . 
  you have no right to claim we `` do n't speak the language '' . 
  nobody speaks the language as it was spoken in the past , and american is just as guilty of changing things the british are . 
  languages evolves , sometimes when languages are spoken on different continents they evolve in different directions . 
  deal with it . 
  rofl , calls me a child , boasts about his car , i feel sorry for you , it must be hard having an iq under 75 . 
  now please stop following me around reddit . 
  go do your thing , and i 'll do mine , like adults who do n't like each other tend to do . 
  the beatles , the best selling music artists of all time ... damn kids these days . 
  do you live under a rock ? 
  ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/the_beatles ), 
  in many ways britain lacks its own cuisine . 
  the problem is that most of the british `` refined '' food is almost identical to french refined food , due to the norman legacy , which means any refined food is automatically associated with france . 
  we call it coq au vin , and so do they , which is a good example british food is n't even unique as say , german food , which is n't particularly highly ranked on the cuisine scale . 
  england does of course have its own culinary heritage , but it mostly revolves around roast meat and vegetables , and even though it can be quite refined , staples like that never quite achieves the status or mystique of french or italian cooking . 
  half the recipes would just seem like variations on how people in the north of france prepare their roast meats . 
  naturally england does have its own unique take on how to prepare roast duck , pheasant , beef , pork , whatever . 
  but it 's hardly interesting enough to capture the world 's imagination like other countries ' food . 
  honestly , if you go to a top quality restaurant that specialises in traditional english cuisine it 's really not that bad . 
  however , most the stuff , like roast joints , cuts of meats , vegetables like potatoes , peas , carrots , onions and so forth you just take for granted in most northern european cultures and anglophonic countries . 
  germans have blutwurst anyway , probably would n't be a big deal for them . 
  most germans have never tried a black pudding , but some will have had blutwurst at some point in their lives , so they 'll know whether they like it or are grossed out by it at least . 
  it 's to do with history , we have copied french cuisine since the norman invasion . 
  in the north of france they eat a diet heavy in roast meat and vegetables , and so do we , however ours has always been considered the inferior version . 
  england also lacks the french southern regions so our diet is even heavier with heavy foods like potatoes and wheat , whereas at least the french were able to grow tomatoes and grapes and things ( we can do this now of course but this was before the advent of greenhouses and a deeper understanding of agriculture etc. ) . 
  our food has always been seen somewhat as an inferior copy of what they were doing in paris . 
  old english recipes books are just full of different ways to prepare roast beef , roast duck , roast pheasant etc. 
  of course england has adapted these things and innovated a bit using the materials it traditionally had . 
  you wo n't find the french eating yorkshire puddings with their roast beef , or cooking a nice heavy shepard 's pie get you through a winter evening , but it 's interesting to note that the majority of innovation in british cuisine has come from the peasant classes . 
  the stuff that 's really stuck around and defined english cuisine different from other parts of the world is usually very sensible and solid . 
  obviously in the last 200 years or so there was then a great rush of new novelties flooding in from the colonies ( even potato itself is n't native to europe ) , different spices that used to be a way to show how rich you were do you dinner guests , and people have been more interested in what exotic novelty they can import more than what they innovate with indigenous native cuisine . 
  of course many cuisines that have come to england from abroad have now been innovated with , which means they no longer resemble what they were when they arrived here . 
  particularly indian . 
  however , unlike americans with mexican and italian food , we do n't go around boasting how our version is now superior and how we now claim ownership of indian style curry . 
  life is going to fuck this person . 
  wow 4 month bump . 
  to be fair he was invited by many british protestants though who saw him as the last chance as a protestant king . 
  when he arrived he knew he had a good claim and the support of many english nobles . 
  it 's not like he was trying to claim the throne of a country that was entirely against him . 
  he landed in the uk with 11,000 footmen and 4,000 cavalry . 
  the population of england was already approaching 8 million , and there was certainly enough able bodied men to raise a force against them if they 'd wished . 
  their support for him was so strong that there was never even a battle , and king james fled to scotland . 
  5 months after setting food in england debates were already being made in parliament and whether william was the rightful king of england . 
  if only it were n't for the division of labour . 
  sadly there 's a limit to how much a single human being ( or even a few thousand human beings ) can manage . 
  it does n't work that way sadly : / even if he were living like this constantly , he 'd be lucky to even master early bronze age technology . 
  basic stuff like metal production needs people who live in a bronze rich area who find/mine it , and exchange it for other things so someone can work it . 
  you need the division of labour to really get anywhere . 
  i respectfully disagree , the norman legacy has meant that francophone traditions and ways have always been highly regarded in the uk , well before 1700 . 
  the fact that norman and english cuisine did n't differ greatly was kind of the point of what i said . 
  ultimately what the nobility eats will come to greater impact on what people perceive has haute cuisine , and it 's so tied to france that we even use the french word for it . 
  the precise relationship between non-rhoticity and intrusive - r is n't well understand afaik . 
  however imo non-rhoticity is the condition that makes intrusive - r possible . 
  rhotic speakers , expecting post-vocalic - r , are way more likely to here `` pander and '' when the non-rhotic speaker with the feature hears `` panda and '' , and so do all the non-rhotics around them . 
  it does n't really tell us why intrusive - r occurred in the first place though . 
  while there are no rhotic accents with intrusive - r ( for the above reason i imagine ) , there certainly are non-rhotic accents that lack it , and guess these accents might lack linking - r too . 
  the captain does n't decide how much fuel he wants on aboard , there is a standard calculation defined by the airline based on the journey the plane is making + an acceptable margin for delays , diversions . 
  operations will know where the plane is heading . 
  the captain 's job is merely to check that protocol is being followed . 
  i disagree , the normans have plenty to do with it in the uk , the tie between french culture and the aristocracy has always been a strong one , meaning that the regard for french high culture , regardless of the period , is greater than it would be in another country . 
  simple as that . 
  it 's not like we inherited culinary traditions directly from the normans , i was n't suggesting such a thing , it was almost a millennia ago after all , however it is certainly true that the british aristocracy , being perceived as of norman descend , both by themselves and by the common folk , has resulted in a french culture being lauded as the ultimate in refinement and sophistication to a greater degree , in a way you simply would n't see in a country like germany , despite french culture being held in high regard to some degree there as well . 
  seriously , you 're making no sense whatsoever . 
  first you ask a question , i answer it , and then you accuse me of not knowing how it works . 
  what error would that be ? 
  the captain does n't decide how much fuel he wants . 
  it 's defined by the journey . 
  wtf the fuck are you trying to say ? 
  these are so interesting . 
  however , they make me question how managed to get to my late 20s without knowing how basic stuff like soy sauce is made . 
  how about instead of teaching kids about coastal erosion patterns we learn some of this stuff . 
  great documentary , louis theroux showing once again that he can handle more tragic topics , as well as the weird and insane . 
  yeah i was n't denying the captain has the final say , but that 's exactly what the previous comments were say , they find out from the operator what fuel quantity is likely , then pre-take off the captain goes over it , and if he wants more fuel he can request it . 
  still means that they can at least start the fuelling process prior to the captains arrival . 
  if a certain type of plane is flying london to ny then they know with certainty it 's going to need at least so much fuel , so they can put that in without needing the captain to determine it for them . 
  `` let 's go swimming in the canal '' said nobody ever . 
  canal water is always nasty . 
  lol i quite like it for some reason . 
  ofc it 's an exaggerated parody , but you need something or the asian market wo n't even notice . 
  it 's almost impossible to quantify this . 
  needless to say we are ultimately very similar , more similar that we can really able to comprehend ourselves . 
  i would note that aussies are more similar to brits than americans are . 
  nevertheless , the fact is that we 're all so similar that the real shock comes when we 're not . 
  often these differences are the most difficult to wrap your head aroun . 
  when you 're in china you expect everything to be vastly different and seek what little common ground it available , whereas with other anglos the shock comes when things are different . 
  we share a lot , in terms of traditions and historical and cultural reference frames . 
  honestly , a foreigner who 'd lived a long time in both countries would be better poised to answer these questions . 
  i agree both are pretty useless pieces of information , however , i find it much more worrying that people do n't know about food production than the fact they do n't know about geology or something like that . 
  it 's slightly disturbing to think we all shovel this stuff down our necks without really knowing what it 's made of or how . 
  it 's strange how we teach kids dumbed down versions of lofty abstract scientific knowledge like rock layer formation , when throughout the course of history far more time and energy has been devoted to how to make this years harvest into things we can eat in 6 months time that will also taste good . 
  i 'm sure in the past , how to create foodstuff and agriculture was considered much more important knowledge , and now we just kind of take it for granted . 
  who cares , a story is about how interesting it is , not whether it 's true or not . 
  since you do n't know and probably will never know either of the parties involved the veracity of the story is completely irrelevant frankly . 
  who cares , a story is about how interesting it is , not whether it 's true or not . 
  since you do n't know and probably will never know either of the parties involved the veracity of the story is completely irrelevant frankly . 
  i suggest you watch the louis theroux porn documentaries . 
  they do n't make that much to be honest , still less than women but more than straight actors . 
  they also ca n't work as much as women . 
  there 's a great scene of guy boasting he made $ 500 in two hours , which is n't that good considering what he had to do to get it .
