  the men only want one thing myth is a just a harmful stereotype in the same way that the idea that women will instantly find a guy more attractive if he 's richer is . 
  it differs from person to person like anything , but all it takes is a bunch of girls that got cheated on to get together or a bunch of men who got dumped for richer guys to get together and you have a stereotype . 
  glorious leader of people 's republic of korea has no need to be acquainted with faecal matter !, 
  wow that takes me back to my early childhood . 
  i 'm sure you could do a lot better , girls definitely go for the dorito crumbs and mountain dew look . 
  hate to break it to you but marlboro cigarettes were founded in the uk, 
  honestly you have n't ever had sex if you think a big ass hinders penetration . 
  in germany the stand right rule applies everywhere , the question is , do we want to be like the germans ? 
  makes sense since h is always silent in french and the last letter usually silent too . 
  also many native english speakers wo n't pronounce the - r either . 
   ... in rhotic dialects , intervocalic resonants tend to be ambisyllabic , i.e. , they are attached both to the syllable that precedes them ( as a coda ) and the syllable that follows them ( as an onset ) . 
  an / r / in coda position tends to neutralize many if not all vowel quality distinctions in the syllable it closes , and thus in rhotic dialects , where these syllables are closed by an / r / , we get all three front vowels neutralized to the [ - hi ] [ - lo ] [ + atr ] vowel / e / . 
  for non-rhotic speakers , / r / can never be in coda position , and thus this neutralization does not occur . 
  i 've spent plenty of time in windsor and somerset . 
  the castle in windsor is fantastic and it also has a legoland , somerset makes the best cider around . 
  wow , to me nova just sounds trash but at least the other two are the kind of words that could be names , surnames admittedly but names nonetheless . 
  i 'm not interested in your personal preference for arse . 
  horses for courses and all . 
  i just think that if you think a big ass would prevent penetration you must have some strange ideas about how sex actually works , it 's just a matter of logistics . 
  well that 's wrong . 
  the company was founded in the uk , the factory being on great marlborough street , thus the name marlboro . 
  boro is a shortening of borough . 
  the nyc company was merely a subsidiary of the british one . 
  obviously the tobacco was n't from the uk given that it does n't grow there . 
  lol i ca n't even begin to imagine what you 're like in real life you incomprehensible fuckwit . 
  you seem to have some real issues around asses . 
  i was merely pointing out that making statements like :, 
   shes got 8 inches thick of ass fat which means half the average male population could n't even reach her ass hole . 
  just makes you seem like you have the same ideas about how sex actually functions as a 12 year old . 
  i really could n't care less if people like big or small asses but it seems to be a huge deal to you , it 's quite funny . 
  you are mistaken , they had patented and were making cigarettes under the marlboro name long before the new york brand of the company was even founded . 
  furthermore the you 're entirely wrong in saying that britain ca n't claim the brand , it 's a british innovation , founded by a british person as a british company with a brand named after a place in britain , simply because they used american imagery to sell their product does n't make it an american brand , and certainly not a piece of american culture . 
  that was simply a marketing strategy to capture the public imagination given that tobacco is an indigenous american plant and it was sold to an american market . 
  it 's merely what they wanted americans to believe so they 'd smoke their cigarettes . 
  much like saying it 's `` as american as apple pie '' when apple pie is n't remotely american but something the colonists brought over from europe . 
  this is some quality entertainment right here . 
  do you realise you sound like a retarded 13 year old ? 
  i imagine that 's what you probably are , so it 's quite funny . 
  your joke with incredibly unfunny ( it does n't even deserve to be called a joke and only qualifies as one in your strange messed up head ) and it just demonstrated to everyone what an idiot you are . 
  thankfully , given that you 're retarded and can barely speak english , combined with your being so fussy that you think scarlett johansson is ugly , we can rest assured that you 'll never breed and pass on you 're god awful genetic material to any poor hapless offspring you could produce . 
   i have welsh blood in me though . 
  i 've proven it with dna . 
  seriously what is with americans and woefully antiquated nazi-like notions of genetics . 
  it 's always `` i have a fiery temper , must be the italian in me '' or `` i like to drink whiskey , must be the irish in me '' . 
  they must imagine each country in europe pure stereotypes with each nation sharing identical personalities and characteristics . 
  england is just entirely polite repressed folk with umbrellas , ireland is entirely roguish alcoholics , scotland ? 
  angry red headed kilt wearing maniacs . 
  there is literally no such thing as `` welsh blood '' , people have been moving around europe for thousands of years , all there are are statistical averages of genetic markers based on how many people have been moving around and breeding with each other . 
  literally means nothing . 
  lol , naturally i must have a crush on scarlett johansson / s. 
  i just find it incredibly funny that a fat neckbearded moron who ca n't even construct proper sentences thinks he can be so fussy as to call what is widely accepted to be a good looking hollywood star ugly . 
  think about this , if you think she is disgusting , while most men would queue up to hit that , imagine what the vast majority of women must think of your unremarkable , grammatically challenged ass . 
  i 'm surprised you can go outside without people spontaneously being sick all over you . 
  i 'll also add that even if you wanted to touch that ass you 've got precisely 0 % chance of ever doing so because i 'm pretty sure hollywood starlets are n't into guys who write in allcaps to get their point across . 
  i 'm sure if you ever do procreate it wo n't be with someone who regularly makes it into top 100 sexiest women polls and will have a horrible fat ass more like rosie o'donnell 's than scarlett johansson 's . 
  fair enough , but how is it possible to be able to learn to a sequence but not to be able to learn a single unit of something . 
  is there some explanation of this phenomena ? 
  if we know a sequence is must be necessary that somewhere in our brains is stored the individual units of this sequence , but for many these are entire inaccessible , yet for others they 're not . 
  where 's the explanation ? 
  to me it actually seems entirely illogical and fucked up that someone can grasp the whole without being able to grasp the parts . 
  i can see why it 's pragmatic though , i just want to know how it 's literally possible . 
  as for the keyboard , ultimately you are possible of performing individual muscle movements if you want to , but with some things it seems like only the larger action is possible and the smaller units are not . 
  jesus , people are even calling this wrong in this thread . 
  this is completely correct for virtually kinds of english other than american . 
  i had n't even got = past perfect form of `` to get '' as a negation . 
  the difference is that in american english the perfect form of `` to get '' is `` gotten '' , which actually has a different meaning to the british english past participle form `` got '' . 
  `` i have got three apples '' in british english ( and much of the commonwealth ) can mean two things . 
  it can mean the same as `` i possess three apples '' or it can mean `` i have acquired three apples '' as in `` i have got three apples from the orchard for later '' . 
  `` i have got '' is used for both possession and as a verb of change depending on context . 
  in american english `` gotten '' is not used for possession , but only as a verb of change . 
  `` i have gotten three apples from the store '' , `` i have gotten dressed '' , `` you have gotten taller since i saw you last '' , `` she has gotten rich '' and so forth . 
  saying `` i have gotten a car '' in american english would mean that you have recently bought a car , not that you merely possess one . 
  american english requires `` i have a car '' for simple possession , a statement that is also valid in british english but just less common . 
  how can people not know this when it 's one of the biggest differences in how english is used around the world . 
  furthermore , these fuckers calling the guy out on his grammar probably think sentences like `` he did n't do it already '' is perfectly grammatical , when in fact it just causes a major exception to the perfect tense . 
  this whole debacle shocks and appals me , british english will accept `` gotten '' despite its use not being as common because it 's an entirely different word to `` got '' when used in the perfect tense so it never causes confusion . 
  how these fuckwits can be so ignorant as to not know the same in reverse is shocking . 
  definitely feels like american english teachers focus more on pedantry than other countries , the irony being that they 're prescribing a regional dialect as if it were authoritative . 
  which dialect is that ? 
  i think it is preserved in some very old fashioned dialects like east anglian , but it also seems to be making somewhat of a resurgence with younger speakers due to american influence . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  despite the plane being pressurised there is some change in pressure at different altitudes . 
  whilst it is possible to maintain a constant pressure throughout an entire flight , planes are n't built that way for safety and expense reasons that you 'd have to ask someone else about . 
  the plane is designed so that even at 40k ft you 'll always experience a safe pressure range , i believe the limit is equivalent to the pressure you 'd experience at 8,000 ft. 
  ultimately it 's a deliberate design that the cabin will have less pressure at cruising altitude than on the runway . 
  it 's not something the pilots are doing to fuck with the passengers . 
  i think english teaching in america has developed in an ethos of insecurity , and therefore prescriptivist english teachers who focused on grammar and spelling have always been more prevalent there . 
  i mean look the phenomena of the spelling bee . 
  i do n't think such a thing could ever exist in any other country , english speaking or not . 
  the whole thing is just weird , a culture that feels that the teaching english should be a rule based activity . 
  i 've also seen how many americans are extremely judgemental of people who do n't obey these so called rules of american english . 
  the culture in britain at least seems to have always been more literary focused , even if it was still strict about spelling and grammar in the past these things were taken for granted rather than so dogmatically held up as an indication of intelligence . 
  ultimately i think the difference is cultural . 
  british children were taught in a tradition stemming from classical education , they were to learn grammar through latin and other foreign languages that they believed made one a member of the educated classes . 
  in contrast to this americans were taught by dogmatic school ma'ams interested in stamping out the influence of native languages in what was often an immigrant population . 
  to put it bluntly america had a lot of immigrants at an earlier point in history than other english speaking populations , and the education was designed to beat their american notions of `` correct '' english into the children of these immigrants , whilst other english speaking countries not having so many foreign language immigrants took the native language for granted and therefore embraced a different philosophy . 
  even these days i think that the prescriptive teaching of grammar and spelling is far more prevalent in the american educational system than in britain . 
  for example until i was about 16 i would often unwittingly use american spellings and i ca n't remember single time i was corrected for this , i ca n't imagine the same being true of an american student who used british spellings . 
  those people are annoying because of what they say not how they say it . 
  are you down on your knees ?
