  the only time it might make sense is when the context the makes clear that the time frame for saying things is over . 
  perhaps , if you were talking to a man who 'd recently had his tongue removed it would be correct . 
  i want to say that as a general rule , if you 're writing `` official '' english then if the present perfect is appropriate then you should use it . 
  even in america , the present perfect is treated as more optional under many circumstances you 'll still find that highly formal documents use the present perfect more or less completely i.e in every instance it 's applicable . 
  this brings me to the point about the criteria for correct though . 
  english speakers are n't perfect in how they follow the prescriptive rules of their language . 
  plenty of dialects neglect the perfect tense at times . 
  i would n't beat yourself up about this if you 're not trying to write academic or official english . 
  i 'm curious about this preterite subjunctive . 
  i do n't really have the historical knowledge of english to know myself , but what relationship , if any , does the preterite subjunctive have with english 's way of dealing with indirectly reported speech . 
  for example :, 
  `` he said he was a doctor '' vs he said , `` i am a doctor '' . 
  i 'm also sure i 've heard things like `` he said he were going to do it '' at times too . 
  ukip are a joke party now , so whatever came along after would be different . 
  both parties are trying to avoid brexit without pissing off the anti-immigration and eurosceptic masses . 
  also i think you 're overestimating how many people really want brexit . 
  a lot of people voted purely to voice dissent . 
  if may can convince the majority of non hard line brexit voters that something has changed then they wo n't care about the eu particularly . 
  everyone with an ounce of common sense knows brexit is a disastrous option , and even a soft version would disadvantage the nation , so consequently they 're just posturing a lot and hoping the situation naturally changes . 
  because , at the most basic level , at the end of the day throwing your lot in with 500 million other people into making a project work long term is ultimately wiser than 64 million going it alone ( potentially with a few million more soon to jump ship in the following years ) . 
  the european project has mostly been a success and let to the uk 's becoming far wealthier than it was before it joined . 
  there have been many prosperous years in the eu . 
  it has worked out pretty well for us so far and i have all faith that if we stayed it would work out better . 
  there 's not to say there would n't be bad years , but those bad years will still be worse outside the eu . 
  by leaving we 're gimping our economy and throwing everything in chaos for no reason whatsoever . 
  america only really has a single culture . 
  it has segments of that culture that are different , like afro-american or native american , arguably they are cultures in themselves . 
  but the rest is just parts of american culture . 
  slovenia ca n't call itself two cultures just because a tiny percentage of its people are russia or nigerian . 
  the argument that different states in the us comprise entirely different cultures is just silly . 
  a preference for thick crust over thin base does not a different culture make . 
  no offence , but americans seem to often vastly exaggerate the cultural difference between states and regions of the us , but that 's mostly because they 've not lived in a different culture . 
  it 's not just about the superficial stuff like dietary habits , dialect , or politics , a different culture is an entirely different way of thinking and an entirely different way of relating to the world , and the biggest factor in this above all else is language , followed closely by national identity . 
  it 's not really about which grammar you use , sign language grammar is fine , it 's about have that part of your brain rigorously exercised as a child . 
  if you do n't you can end up permanently developmentally disabled which sometimes happens with deaf people especially those who come from deprived communities as i would wager those featured in this video do . 
  i have already emigrated so there 's that . 
  i 'm quite confident i do know . 
  and fyi materially there are no good reasons to leave , perhaps ideologically . 
  just depends if you believe that ideology or not . 
  from history i get the impression that that has n't worked out well . 
  for the `` in your career as a police officer '' it would only be correct to use past simple if the person 's career had come to an end . 
  `` until now '' sound a bit strange to me in your example , but a sentence like :, 
   until now , what have your greatest blunders been ? 
  it correct , because until now just functions in the same way as up to now . 
  however , in a context that closed the time frame then it would be correct to use the past simple . 
  for example , if you 're talking to someone who has just committed the biggest blunder of their life you 'd probably say :, 
   before today , what * was * the biggest blunder of your life, 
  because the time frame , before today , is closed . 
  without a time frame i would consider it incorrect , especially if this were an english test . 
  however , in casual speech it might go unnoticed in many dialects . 
  to me , however , it would stand out immediately if someone was n't using the perfect when it 's applicable . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  this is grammar not linguistics , and all grammar is ultimately stylistic . 
  language is just use , so i really do n't know what criteria you 're using to distinguish `` ungrammatical '' language from `` stylistically uncommon language '' . 
  if someone came up to me and said ,, 
   the apples which are mouldy need throwing out, 
  i 'd be confused as to whether they wanted all their apples throwing out or just the mouldy ones . 
  context would no doubt play a big part in what i did next . 
  if i pick up any of the books on my shelf that aim to teach 2nd language english speakers english grammar they will recommend using `` that '' with restricted clauses with an inanimate or animal referent , `` which '' with unrestricted clauses with inanimate or animal referent , and `` who/whom '' for both restricted and unrestricted clauses with human referents . 
  it wo n't say use whatever you feel like in the same it wo n't say that `` the car needs washed '' is a grammatical sentence . 
  i assume you 'd classify `` the car needs washed '' as an ungrammatical sentence despite the fact that it is used in some dialects , i 'd really like to know how such a construction is any different from using which with restricted clauses . 
  do n't know why you felt the need for inverted commas , it 's a common enough term . 
  also ... of course it 's a sub-clause , i never suggested it were n't , stating it adds nothing to this . 
  in the examples `` he said '' forms the main clause the rest forms a subordinate clause . 
   he said he were going to do it, 
  is obviously the irrealis mood , and some people call this the past subjunctive , although this analysis is unpopular these days . 
  in this case , it just seems to cast doubt on the claim . 
   he said he was going to do it, 
  i 've never heard of this called the subjunctive , and i 'm pretty sure it 's not considered a subjunctive statement . 
  what evidence do you have for the claim ? 
   , so i 'm not sure what you mean by `` this is grammar not linguistics '', 
  i mean that this subreddit is `` grammar '' and not `` linguistics '' . 
  it 's a grammar subreddit . 
  clearly we have very different ideas of what this subreddit is for . 
  i regularly post on / r/linguistics as well and have a perfectly good understanding of what grammar is in the linguistic sense . 
  however , and maybe i 'm wrong in this , but this forum is a place to ask questions about what the prescriptively correct form of the language is , not a place to discuss dialects and grammar from a linguistic perspective . 
  maybe i 'm wrong in thinking this , but if i am i do n't really see the point of this subreddit . 
  it mostly seems to consist of requests for explanations of why certain things are considered `` officially '' wrong , and requests for people to check certain sentences . 
  thus the information people want to know about is what strictly prescriptive rules define as correct english . 
  it 's not / r/eel because often it 's native speakers asking these questions , native speaker sometimes want to know what is prescriptively correct . 
   and native speakers use that and which with integrated relatives , and they typically ignore the non-rule that that can not be used with people . 
  if you look at my response to the op you 'll see that this was never at stake . 
  that 's simply not the issue we were discussing . 
  i think you might have the totally wrong end of the stick . 
  there is definitely no rule in english that requires `` who '' be used with people . 
   the man that built the house, 
  is a sentence that would be fine even in an extremely formal official context . 
  guides will note that `` who '' is more common , and recommend its use on the basis of clarity alone , but it 's not necessary . 
  plenty of literary greats in history have used `` that '' with human referents . 
  the issue we were discussing was whether it is correct to use `` which '' with an restrictive clause , and whether it is correct to use `` that '' with an unrestricted clause . 
  both :, 
   throw out only the apples which are mouldy, 
   the man , that had a fast car , bought a house, 
  are inappropriate in formal writing . 
  if they appeared in a thesis they would be corrected . 
  if written an by an author they would probably be corrected by their editor . 
  thus , in the sense we are interested in here , they are `` ungrammatical '' . 
   for example , telling an op that `` me and jim went to the bar '' is ungrammatical ignores mountains of evidence to the contrary . 
  i 'd really like to know what criteria you are using for `` ungrammatical '' frankly because it seems to me that any sentence that is uttered by a native speaker is by definition grammatical under your criteria . 
  this is true in a sense , because every dialect of english has its own internal consistency and meaning .
