  night gathers , and now my holding begins . 
  it shall not end until my death . 
  i shall take no wife , hold no lands , father no children . 
  i shall wear no crowns and win no glory . 
  i shall live and die at the door . 
  i am the doorman in the darkness . 
  i am the door keeper at the weirwood tree . 
  i am the mass that blocks against the cold , the heft that keeps the door shut , the lock that obstructs the dead , the shield that guards the door . 
  i pledge my life and honor to the door , for this night and all the nights to come ... 
  ... and now my door holding is ended :(, 
  yeah , it 's so savage not to mutilate your dick for no good reason ... 
  no there is n't . 
  you just said `` a wolf must die '' . 
  which is all completely irrelevant it comes to improving sexual health , even if we accept those studies ( there are plenty of contradictory studies ) . 
  for example , reducing the risk of hiv transmission for males by 50 % in case heterosexual vaginal intercourse as the study shows . 
  the actual risk of transmission during unprotected sex , even with highly contagious partner , is less than 2 % . 
  regardless of whether it 's a 1 % or 2 % chance of contracting hiv , it 's still not a risk worth taking . 
  circumcision is absolutely no part of a sound sexual health policy , which is why it 's completely irrelevant data , and does virtually nothing to improve sexual health outside maybe africa where the absence of contraception is taken for granted . 
  if you live in western country and practise safe sex , the difference circumcision would actually make to your chances of getting an std according to those studies is so minute it 's irrelevant , and in no way justifies cutting off part of your body . 
  put simply , even if what you linked is true , circumcision only reduces transmission theoretically , insofar that if you fuck someone with an std you 're slightly better off without a foreskin , and even then it 's a minuscule impact , whereas safe sex reduce the transmission of stds actually , which is why the prevalence of stds around the globe is totally uncorrelated with circumcision practices . 
  asides from all this , there is also a large body evidence that shows that circumcision has no impact on std transmission . 
  http://www.rhm-elsevier.com/article/s0968-8080 ( 07 ) 29302-4 / abstract, 
  in fact , the support for circumcision in many american medical circles is suspected to be the product of cultural bias , and the studies you 've linked have come under heavy methodological criticism . 
  stop defending a barbaric practise of body mutilation on children , even if those studies are completely correct , it still does n't justify it . 
  that 's true for the ones who abuse really yoing kids . 
  but tonnes of these people are abusing `` teen '' celebs . 
  i think sleeping with girls who are past puberty but underage probably is a thrill for some of these bastards . 
  someone who rapes a kid is obviously completely sick and abnormally wired in the head , but the guy who coerces a 15 yo hollywood starlet into sex might just be getting off on the illicit nature of it . 
  i read that it takes something like 10 + years to actually make the money back on heating costs for double glazing . 
  my family home in the uk has double glazing , sadly the windows only go one way , opening outwards at the hinge , but they ca n't do the slant opening thing which all my german windows can . 
  my flat is currently really damn old , the windows do the slant thing but they still open the other way at the same time :3 meaning if you opened them forcefully while slanted you could smash them to pieces . 
  having a screen would imply there 's something to screen . 
  i can leave my window open all summer and only see the occasional wasp . 
  did you ever think , that the german people , being very precise at times , tend to be fond of , all things considered , egregious punctuation ? 
  which is why they always counter sue . 
  worst case scenario you get a free flight out to the studio and hotel for the night , best case scenario you actually win and the studio pays you whatever you win . 
  the joke in the uk is that the people on go on jeremy kyle for the free mini-bar in the hotel . 
  always making it about you right america ? 
  just another athletic tournament . 
  what do you think those olympic athletes do for the other 3 years the olympics are n't happening ? 
  there are european tournaments , north american tournaments , pacific tournaments and , yes , commonwealth tournaments . 
  commonwealth is a special club for british colonies that did n't have revolutions . 
  we have tea and crumpets . 
  sorry , the us is n't invited . 
  meh i 'd hardly call it a renaissance , bit of sensationalism there from vice . 
  afaik the the illegal raves in the uk never went away , they were used pushed very far underground for a time when there was huge sensationalism around them in the late 90s and the police were using any excuse to shut down raves using the criminal justice and public order act , maybe it 's picking up a bit again with the new generation coming through , but it 's not a big change . 
  there was certainly an illegal party scene manchester when i lived there in the mid 2000s . 
  lol you complete bellend . 
  why do n't you invite european countries to the pan american games , ah yes , it must because you 're a load of little pussies who ca n't win if you invite them and need to boost your fragile egos competing against south american countries with a fraction of the athletics resources . 
  ( or , back on planet earth , it might be because it 's a regional tournament , and it 's in these smaller tournaments that new talent gets to cut their teeth to see if they 're cut out for international competition ) . 
  note to self : americans are insecure about their not being included in the commonwealth games , and feel the need to belittle it , then accuse others of being insecure . 
  grow up kiddo . 
  i 'm also siding with the storm !!!, 
  i hope all the cows perish and the storm chasers are processed into delicious hamburgers for us to enjoy . 
  [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cxk_na2ivxw ), 
  why does he look like he 's cutting a doner ? 
  why the fuck would n't you play your most well known song for 7 years ? 
  i mean i understand bands with huge hits not wanting to endlessly repeat the same shit over and over , but not to play your most popular song for 7 years seems to me like the actions of fuckers with a god complex . 
   you america-obsessed loony, 
  said / u/let _ freedom_ring1776 lol, 
  slaves everywhere . 
  seriously though the romans might have got some germanic types as slaves but they never occupied that part of europe . 
  they got about as far as the rhine but then thought fuck it , too many pagans . 
  yeah , we do n't give a shit about what fans obviously want to hear and do what we want , like i said , a god complex . 
  they way well be big and legendary enough to do whatever they please and the fans will love it , but the fact that they exercise that power , especially to the point of not playing the song they 're most well known for for 7 years , shows they have a god complex . 
  wow til, 
  might be hard to find in germany, 
  well , that kinda sums up why i 'm not really a fan of indie rock or anything in that general genre . 
  the idea that you 'd write a song , make a huge success , profit from it , and then decide you do n't like it is just bewildering to me . 
  seems to me to be the clearest indication that you take your music too seriously . 
  no i do n't , but i do know the song creep , and it 's a great song beloved by many people . 
  depriving the world of live performances of that song for 7 years just seems like a dick thing to do . 
  hell , even queen managed the occasional bohemian rhapsody toward the end of their time together and i think they were far more significant historically than radiohead . 
  as i said , i totally understand bands not wanting to replay their old hit songs over and over , but depriving the world of them for 7 years because you 're too cool for school makes them seem to like tosspots . 
  i think music can be serious without the artist taking it too seriously . 
  being serious about your music is one thing , but taking it seriously is another . 
  i just do n't there 's room for that kind of shit in music any more . 
  i feel like morrissey perfect that pretentious bollocks , and really now is seems rather dated and quaint when bands try to build that kind of aura around them , but hey that 's just my opinion , if you like bands like radiohead it 's nothing to me . 
  answer : yes . 
  so much so that you have to make up theories about our athletics tournaments and denigrate them to sooth your aching ego . 
  taste of cigarettes and daddy issues , my favourite !, 
  so this , but completely different and unrelated ? 
  k m8 . 
  go safe in the knowledge that you 're just an inferior copy of our mighty european culture , i guess that 's why you 're so insecure about it , it must suck being derivative . 
  you mean those blue jeans that were invented in bavaria , watching a programme full of british actors filmed in europe , based on medieval european history ? 
  damn the derivation is strong . 
  lol everyone knows then jeans were based on the denim garments seen in germany . 
  isnt it pathetic that despite got being written by an american you ca n't use american actors in a pseudo european setting . 
  ill wear some of your fashions and listen occasionally to your music ( although frankly most of what i listen to is european ) , whilst you can go on living in a culture derived from ours , using a language that is ours , a political system based on ours , a legal system that is ours and so on and so forth . 
  hmmm i wonder which is more important , some cheap casual clothing and throwaway pop culture europe sometimes borrows from the us ( while also producing plenty of its own ) , or the fundamentals of society that the us borrowed from us . 
  its a shame but the us has already peaked , briefly getting a shot at relevancy after ww2 . 
  shame it 's already slipping away as the east rises to take your spot . 
  it 's cute how much you guys overestimate the culture you export . 
  asides a few decent big budget tv programmes and a couple of films what have you got ? 
  bands like nickelback ? 
  even hollywood is a shadow of its former self , producing so much crap that people barely visit the cinema any more . 
  enjoy your dwindling importance while it lasts . 
  why must you ? 
  why might he wan na think about it ? 
  no , the hannover dialect is said to be closest to hochdeutsch,
