  inflation , interest rates , and the national deficit tend to be high for this reason . 
  some brexit supporters have been trying to make the pound 's diminished value seem like a good thing by pointing out it 's good for exporters . 
  while this is good for them , the problem is that the uk is a net importer , it imports more stuff than it exports . 
  the only way the uk covers the cost of this is by creating value with its skills and services . 
  bankers , for example , can make money by speculating on the market , and this brings in the money to the uk that allows it to keep importing more than it exports . 
  the point is that we are not japan , we want a strong currency because it shows people are putting their savings here by investing in british companies and banks . 
  selling financial services to other countries , like insurance , is a huge part of the british economy . 
  also , the pound is attractive to people who earn their money in , say , roubles because it 's generally considered a safe bet . 
  the uk is known around the world for being a steady reasonably well managed economy . 
  so if i 've got loads of roubles in a russian bank somewhere , it might be a good idea to convert some of that into british pounds , that way if the russian economy turns really bad at least know my pounds will continue to buy the same amount of stuff . 
  the other poster was pointing out that even if we got great trade deals with other countries , it still would n't make up the difference we 've already lost by the pound dropping in value . 
  everything the uk imports , which is virtually everything since we have few natural resources , is going to become more expensive for everyone . 
  a washing machine that cost # 200 is now going to cost # 240 . 
  point is that even if theresa may gets us the best god damn trade deals in the world . 
  even if the chinese and the yanks agree to complete free trade between us and them , there 's no way for removal of tariffs on imports and exports to ever compensate for the change in value of the pound . 
  an amazing trade deal might drop the price of that washing machine down to # 230 , but it 's actually impossible for the trade deal to get it below # 200 . 
  the only way the price will sink that low again is if the faith in the british economy is restored , which means more people putting their money here , which means the pound 's value will rise again . 
  that wo n't happen until we have certainty , which wo n't truly return until the uk government either decides not to leave the eu or leaves the eu and proves to everyone that its economy can work well outside of it , which could be a long time from now . 
  lol , let me just fill up that portable hd with a few hundred gigs of tv , films , and music , and let me just pack my kindle with a few dozen books i want to read . 
  oh and i may as well bring along a gaming laptop with a few rpgs and time sink games like cities skylines . 
  frankly this sounds like heaven . 
  i 'd do it for $ 5000, 
  do this places actually have campuses and pretend courses ? 
  i mean do they actually run a crap quality unaccredited university for a while ? 
  or do they simply not exist ? 
  because if its the later surely the students know they do n't exist . 
  this is the point . 
  if the government had n't been so desperate to reduce the deficit then it would n't have been anywhere near as bad for those people who were affected by it ( who are a minority frankly ) . 
  certainly there are more people who think they were negatively affected by immigration than actually were affected by it . 
  recent governments policy towards housing has been virtually criminal . 
  they 've squeezed everywhere they can and disenfranchised a portion of the populace . 
  this feeling of resentment has been seized upon by the murdoch owned press and parasites like ukip , alongside good old fashioned racist , to turn the uk against immigration . 
  you are right , but as the uk economy was growing in other metrics , such as the number of jobs , and the amount of income tax collected each year , we have no reason to think during this period job creators were n't creating new jobs that did n't exist before . 
  yes , it 's a fallacy to believe that every job created is a `` new job '' . 
  if companies make paint , and one paint company does a bit better , uses its extra capital to automate further , and makes paint so cheap its competitors go out of business , then when it hires new staff to expand its paint making capacity it obviously is n't making new jobs if it only hires 500 new staff whilst its competitors lay off 2000 . 
  likewise within the creator economy , if a new industry like computers , make older industries like typists get laid off by the thousands , and the new industry only employ 1/3 the number of staff , then its not creating jobs relative to the wider economy . 
  however if the number of jobs in the economy , and the amount of income tax the government is collecting ( obviously account for any tax cuts or whatever ) , is growing , then we know that across the entire country as aggregate , more new jobs are being created that are genuinely new jobs , than jobs being created which are at the expense of other jobs . 
  the problem is really that the increase in disposable income was too unevenly spread , shifted towards the upper end of the spectrum . 
  the new wealth created by immigration has only been seen amongst a new class of british millionaires and globalists , and has n't been felt amongst the lowest earners . 
  consequently it gives the impression that immigrants are sapping our wealth , when in reality they are contributing to it . 
  i know some people who work in antique jewellery . 
  it 's a really interesting trade when it comes to reflecting the economy . 
  when the pound is down the only option is to seek stock within the uk and sell it abroad . 
  of course , this is harder these days given selling to abroad is so much easier . 
  i think now yanks and japanese who buy will actually overpay relative to the value of the pound now because even an increased price over what it was before will seem cheap , so you can raise your prices a bit . 
  the ideal might be if you 'd stocked up on antiques bought from abroad for this very reason . 
  during the good times they would just go to places like hk , la etc. 
  and buy stuff to sell back in the uk . 
  now it all moves in the opposite direction , which is only a problem if you ca n't readily get cheaper british stock . 
  sadly i think uk antiques dealers will now all do the same and raise prices , relying on foreign business to do the buying , making finding cheap jewellery to resell very hard . 
  might be time to start checking out car boot sales haha . 
   ( like baiting lefties ), 
  we got ourselves a badass over here . 
  shout *, 
  although key targets were attacked , the collateral damage was n't necessary considered unhelpful to the war effort . 
  even if you hit civilian targets it hurts your enemy , just not as efficiently . 
  what do you mean ? 
  your culture is oversized cars , fast food , rock and roll and excess . 
  when people say the us lacks culture they mean high culture . 
  basically , you ai n't got good fancy culture . 
  there are hell 's angels chapters all over the world . 
  do n't worry , the live on the genetics that managed to mix with ours through inter species banging . 
  or so the myth goes . 
  for every immigrant success story there 's neighbourhood of poor people whose dreams were crushed rather than followed . 
  russians are the best white mathematicians hands down . 
  so much mathematics research has come from russia and russian people . 
  yay mercia !, 
  fuck math . 
  all we need is to subdue the wessex traitors to the south and repeal the danelaw !, 
  much of russia is in europe . 
  the boundary official stretches to the ural mountains . 
  the vast majority of russians live on the western side , of those that live on the eastern side , many are descended from people who moved from the western side at some point . 
  all these people are ethnic europeans . 
  only those with genetic heritage from the native populations of eastern russia are racially asiatic or mixed european / asiatic . 
  everyone born east of the urals can claim to be asian in a sense , even if they 're not racially asiatic . 
   if you defined germany 's culture based on folks who live in the alp 's foot hills . 
  it probably would n't seem too classy either, 
  ironically the us already kinda does that . 
  when you ask americans about germans they immediately think of dirndls , lederhosen , gigantic beers , and so forth , all derived from peasant culture at the foot of the alps . 
  that 's a highly unlikely outcome in this case . 
  it 's one thing for someone to avoid punishment in some insignificant place and for the us to nab them in the third world , but this an allied country . 
  the us government will mostly like to satisfied with whatever punishment the british justice system delivers . 
  trying to retry him after he 's served his punishment in the uk would n't be a smart idea and probably cause an unnecessary political controversy . 
  it 's also at question whether this really is terrorism or not . 
  a more interesting question will be whether he 's going to serve his time in the uk or be sent to norway . 
  norwegian prisons seem much nicer . 
  [ this maps show it ] ( http://www.kidsmaps.com/geography/images/fullsized/political-boundaries.png ) . 
  russia and turkey are both partially in europe . 
  it does n't make any difference legally whatsoever , there is no special status given to american citizens under british law . 
  under uk law it makes no difference what the nationality of the victim was . 
  it makes a difference politically , but that 's totally different . 
  the us could ask to extradite through existing treaties , but that would be unusual since the guy commited the crime in the uk . 
  extradition is typically for people who commit crimes in the us but are in the uk . 
  for example that hacker a few years back that the us government wanted could have been extradited because cyber crime on a us government computer is considered a crime within the united states . 
  the us is incredibly unlikely to be involved in an investigation as cut and dry as this . 
  extradition is incredibly unlikely for a single murder . 
  us law does allow people of foreign nationality to be tried in the us for crimes against us citizens that were committed in a foreign country , but that 's just a us law thing . 
  there is no real formal mechanism for this in the legal systems of other countries , which it why it typically only applies when the us government abducts someone from a 3rd world country . 
  if this was a serious terror attack it would somewhat different , in that case the us government might ask the uk government for permission to mount its own investigation , which the uk government would most likely allow on account of them being buddy buddy with each other . 
  they might get disappeared off to guantanamo exploiting some legal loophole , but this is all within the political rather than legal sphere .
