  you are literally so worthless that unless tax is cut to 0 % companies wo n't even come here and give you jobs as desk monkeys !, 
  remember , britain might have been around for centuries and survived through thick and thin keeping its aristocracy in wealth the likes of which most countries have never seen , but the country is collectively useless and should have to beg for its supper else we 'll be broke !, 
  fucking science , how does that work ? 
  yeah , it 's ridiculous that the tabloids have been trying to apply the standards for the 70s and 80s to his actions in 2017 . 
  while some idiots might have considered his moderate opinion back then to be pure treachery you 're unlikely to find that kind of sentiment towards the troubles these days outside a minority of fanatics . 
  does n't go that far back afaik, 
  probably because they worked within their capacities and did n't get carried away with the technology ( as many cgi blockbusters of the era did ) , and thus side stepped the whole uncanny valley issue . 
  the film took the book but turned it into parody . 
  the book was way more `` male mary sue protagonist ironically romping around a fascist space society '' . 
  the film took the idea but turned it around to way more ironic and also brought in elements of american popular culture to poke fun at american culture and military culture . 
  osborne always seemed like the runt of the group . 
  the hammond to cameron and boris 's may and clarkson . 
  the least i can say is that i hate him less than the others . 
  lol mind blown , had n't even thought about that . 
  wtf is going on !, 
  he 's just waiting for a mate . 
  or just bots scripted to post whenever certain reddit-popular youtubers post anything new so guys in internet caf\u00e9s in random parts of the globe can sell fake reddit accounts to disreputable marketing companies who manipulate reddit for money ? 
  do all norwegian tramps act like troll people from some kinda scandinavian legend ? 
  may triggered it , and we did n't even vote for her . 
  not like nicola sturgeon did fuck all , except support the eu of course . 
  one thing i would point out is that whether the newly spoken latin quickly ceased to resemble old latin grammatically would depend on the conditions of the languages spread . 
  language change is usually slower than that , there 's no reason to assume that the language would grammatically change overnight simply because they 're modern speakers and not romans . 
  i imagine how prescriptive about correct latin the early communities of latin natives were would have a big influence . 
  also if there were a diverse range of 2nd language latin speakers then prescriptive latin rules might form the compromise that hindered any form of creolisation with other languages . 
  certainly a lot of new words would be introduced to deal with modern life , but whether the language dramatically changed to resemble something else would be a different story . 
  you 're clutching at straws . 
   the modern pound was created on decimal day in the 70s . 
  just because you change your pennies does n't mean it 's not the same currency . 
  a couple ? 
  germany is very resistant to change sometimes and just terrified of everything sometimes . 
  things germans are scared of :, 
  cctv cameras, 
  cashless society, 
  credit cards, 
  bank card transactions, 
  nuclear power, 
  financial speculation, 
  crossing the street on a red when there 's no traffic, 
  gm food, 
  gluten, 
  british beef, 
  food grown outside of the eu, 
  paperless contracts, 
  beer not made under the reinheitsgebot, 
  being asked about their personal life at work, 
  working on a sunday, 
  uber, 
  people who do n't greet each other in lifts, 
  germany is a lot of things but a country that throws itself headlong into modernity with a sense of inevitability it is not . 
  yes you can , and germany did when they blocked google street view . 
  cool story bro . 
  wait til you 're in the supermarket and they open another till . 
  they 're like rabid dogs . 
  actually that 's recently got a lot better because gema and youtube agreed something and now access is pretty fine . 
  think of it like this . 
  if you make cars then you rely on information that has come from studies in experimental engineering , which itself has a basis in knowledge from the natural sciences being applied to various goals . 
  science itself has no goal but the expansion of knowledge . 
  experimental engineering has a purpose , but that purpose is the theoretical refinement of a method that will allow people to achieve the purpose , finally the guys at the car companies get hold of the information and do their best to apply it to designing something functional that will outperform the competition . 
  linguistics can generally be the application of the scientific method to language . 
  it 's obviously a subject that contains many fields within it , each approaching language from a somewhat different angle e.g anthropological linguistics compared with cognitive linguistics . 
  however , there is a broad consensus that linguistics attempts to deal with questions about language in the most objective way possible . 
  people simply disagree about what that means . 
  anyway , just as building a car is n't science , translation is n't linguistics . 
  as a car designer can ultimately make use of knowledge from experimental engineering and science by applying it in his work , a translator might make use of a linguistic background to be effective in their job . 
  i 'm sure the best academic translators do have wealth of linguistic knowledge . 
  however , if you 're translating website copy it 's not really necessary and so the bulk of translation does n't even need linguistics . 
  if translation has a scientific value , it 's insofar as it 's possible to analyse speakers ' use of language by their translation behaviour e.g asking 1000 bilingual speakers of 2 languages to translate some words and comparing the results with other data available . 
  the reality is that translation relies very much on prescriptive rules and prescribed methods of translating languages . 
  if you want to translate at the un you need to follow a very narrow range of authorised translation models . 
  it 's not the same as translating for your mate at the pub or translating some marketing copy . 
  it 's a real skill and demanding job but it 's not actually anything to do with linguistics . 
  crazy to think that if you took all of the so-called `` west '' . 
  the anglosphere + all of the eu/eea ( switzerland can come too ) , we still would n't match either china or india in population size . 
  hmmm . 
  russia is over twice as big as the uk , and easily the biggest `` european '' country ( although obviously most of russia is n't in europe , that said most of their population is ) . 
  russia and japan is a better comparison . 
  not even 20 million people in it , and japan is living on an island that is mostly mountain . 
  this is more of a congestion problem . 
  you end up with more of a 3 speed system which is n't ideal . 
  you 've also got a lot of lorry traffic making manoeuvring into the outside lane hard . 
  i 'm more worried about people who undertake , those are the people who really fuck it up . 
  funny attitude to have towards a people who sold you opium to get your silver . 
  if that happens then every scrap of unused land in the uk is going to be relabelled a farm to try to compensate for germany and france 's massive agricultural returns . 
  if it had just been a case of britain wanting `` extra sauage '' ( as our kraut friends are so fond of calling it ) , then the eu would n't have agreed to it in the first place . 
  you ca n't build an agricultural policy around central europe and then call it unfair when britain wants a discount because it wo n't benefit from it . 
  what does that have to do with anything ? 
  this is in cologne ? 
  i seen many attempts in esports to create some kind of centralised news platform and it 's really not something that works . 
  it 's presumptuous to assume esports works like sports and you can attract people to a platform with that label . 
  the reality is that esports is n't like sports , because esports is typically based around a large online recreational communities . 
  you might say , yeah , but tennis is also supported by a lot of recreational tennis players who play solely for enjoyment so it 's the same . 
  yes , but tennis is n't an online community but a real world one . 
  i think the question of whether esports is a thing in the sense many people want it to be is a legit question . 
  or rather the question might be better phrased as what kind of thing is esports ? 
  i think esports is a concept people run away with in a desire to legitimise the actions of its participants , but then you have stuff like the fighting game community that actively reject the concept . 
  when it comes to the news the news that esport fans want to hear tends to be at the centre of the communities of their chosen game . 
  so any platform that tries to do breadth of content is never that interesting , and platforms that do depth of content end up boring everyone but the players of that game . 
  lol diana ? 
  wtf are you on mate ? 
  the difference is that online communities already have the infrastructure to disseminate information .
