  she is the bottom bitch because she was there for the pimp even when he was at rock bottom . 
  what you said still kinda makes sense in this context , i just was wondering is that 's actually what you were going for . 
  tbh to me it seems like we are the us 's bottom bitch ( special relationship ) but nothing like china 's bottom bitch , that 's probably russia or the us . 
  we 're just another random bitch to china if anything . 
  this is a really stupid thing to get angry about . 
  allowing a politician to say what they want is simply good diplomacy , does n't mean that the house in any sense endorses what they say . 
  get angry about china 's human rights violations , get mad about the oligarchs running the country , get mad at british politicians for being so apathetic about it for the sake of money if you will , but do n't get mad simply because he was able to make the typical political posturing remarks . 
  because we are n't inclined to chuck people in prison when they 've not actually harmed anyone . 
  if you get drunk and run someone over you 'll get banned from driving , a drink driving conviction , but what you 'll go to prison for is criminal negligence or smthg like that . 
  drink driving is a terrible thing , but it can happen to otherwise good people , serving time just seems completely inappropriate . 
  take away their licence yes , give them a record , sure , but actually making them go to prison the same as if they 'd actually hurt someone ? 
  that 's madness . 
  there are plenty of grannies who had one too many sherries who blow just over the limit , and plenty of otherwise respectable people who try to drive only because their intoxication has impaired their judgement to the point where they 'd make a stupid decision . 
  cost of replacing carrot - pennies, 
  cost of clarinet - 3 grand, 
  it would take a long time for a real clarinet to become cost efficient . 
  honestly that `` was n't meant to '' nonsense is complete bullshit . 
  the earth was n't meant to anything , it just was , it was n't designed for us . 
  furthermore the problem of overpopulation is not because there is n't enough space or land to grow food for 10 billion people , the problem stems from the way modern society works . 
  ~ ~ if we all still lived like cavemen ~ ~ ( it 's been pointed out to me that cavemen were n't very environmentally friendly ) , if we all lived low impact sustainable lives then even with 10 billion of us it would n't be a problem , back then if an area became full a group could simply go somewhere new and start a new settlement . 
  the reason we have overpopulation issues are principally economic , greater numbers of people together makes economic sense , it allows for greater division of labour which how civilisation started in the first place . 
  look at the ancient egyptians for example , the reason they were able to become civilised in comparison to other parts of the world was because the entire population was concentrated around the nile . 
  when lots of people live together one person can specialise in making nails , another in making parchment , another can specialise in making wheels , and so forth and all can feed themselves solely with their one profession because there 's enough people around wanting to buy nails every day they can earn a living from it . 
  in india there are vast expanses with next to no people , and then areas no bigger than ireland with a hundred million people . 
  everyone is huddling together because despite the fact that conditions are atrocious in these urbanised areas , it still results in better access to food , better access to medicine , more economic opportunity than if you were out in a small village in the wilderness . 
  indian has seen huge migration to various economic centres of activity in the past 100 years for this reason . 
  in the future we are going to have to change how we live if we want to continue to increase the population . 
  we are going to have to learn to spread out to reduce the impact we have on the environment and to give people a stake in determining their own destiny . 
  when our great grandchildren look at real estate they might not be visiting houses and flats , but looking at remote wilderness in places like russia and america . 
  once they 'd found a plot of land it would then just be a matter of constructing some kind of bio-hut ( or more likely having it constructed for by some kind of drone ) , the economy would then have to centre around mental labour done from home in virtual reality . 
  with sufficient advances in clean energy , automation and agriculture and so forth i see no reason why this could n't be the way people live in the future . 
  things like cars , air travel , real meat and grand mansions would become decadences of the past , but provided people have access to healthcare , sanitary conditions , personal safety and so forth i see no reason why such things would be such a loss . 
  ~ ~ in such a world the earth could easily support 100 billion , nevermind 10 . ~ ~, 
  edit : let 's look at some maths . 
  the area of the world 's land mass is 148,940,000 km2 . 
  now let 's take punt and guess that in the future we can make 50 % of that habitable for humans to survive in . 
  that leaves us 74,470,000 km2 ( 148,940,000 / 2 ) . 
  now let 's convert that to square meters to get a better sense of what we 're dealing with , 74,470,000,000,000 m2 ( 74,470,000 * 1,000,000 ) . 
  the divide that by 10 billion people leaving 7447 square metres of space for every single human in the world ( 74,470,000,000,000 / 10,000,000,000 ) an area of 86 metres by 86 metres for each human , most of which could be given over to growing food . 
  i see no reason with advances in technology this could n't be a sustainable world for humans to live in . 
  it would n't require magic technology like warp drives , just clean efficient energy product , advances in agriculture and so forth . 
  i will concede however that 100 billion might be a bit much !, 
  edit2 : wow it really does bring into perspective how big the environmental issues we 're going to face in the next hundred years are going to be . 
  i 'm also aware that in reality humanity is never going to spread itself out perfectly evenly , there 's going to have to be land given over to heavy industry still , somewhere is going to need to produce the technology that would make a sustainable world a possibility . 
  we really need to see advances in automation and agriculture to even dream of this future being possible . 
  it may well be that some kind of malthusian event is already unavoidable , which would mean a dark period in humanities history . 
  i hope the human race can get through this period and eventually get to where it needs to be to build up a sustainable society once more . 
  well yeah when you put it that way  it does seem like uk is contending for the chinese bottom bitch spot !, 
  whether china takes us seriously however i 'm not so certain of . 
  in reality yes it would result in a disaster , since people would quickly band together , people would not live sustainably and so forth . 
  however if 10 billion people lived sustainably with no environmental impact then it would n't be a problem . 
  maybe cavemen was a bad example since cavemen do n't typically like treat their environments well . 
  you ca n't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw a sword at you !, 
  which is what i just said ... 
  they 're downvoting because he 's an idiot for not wanting to travel beyond north america , not because he needs a passport if he thinks this . 
  saying , i do n't want to leave my area is not a valid opinion . 
  it 's like someone saying i only want to each pizza , burger and steak the rest of my life , sure you can think that if you want , but you 're an idiot for thinking it . 
  laying a pipe has a different meaning where i am . 
  it does involve the genital region but it ai n't sex . 
  so if the first did n't want a beer , he 'd know the premise `` everyone wants a beer '' is false , so in that case he could respond with `` no '' ( it is not the case that everyone wants a beer ) . 
  likewise the second one must want a beer , or again he 'd know the premise `` everyone wants a beer '' to be false , so he says `` i do n't know '' . 
  from these responses the third logician can deduce that both his colleagues want a beer , and knowing that he himself wants a beer to , he can respond `` yes '' ( everyone present wants a beer ) . 
  i get your point , sometimes people say `` i do n't know '' when more accurately they mean `` i 'm not sure whether i want or beer not , it will depend on further information '' . 
  however this is the very subversion of expectation that creates the joke . 
  however you seem like a dick for not getting how it 's a good joke , these are logicians , it 's stated at the beginning , if you have a brain and know what logicians do then the punchline is immediately revealed . 
  it only seems like a riddle to you because you 're either dumb or unfamiliar with the study of logic , this is the real reason why the punchline did n't reveal the subversion to you immediately . 
  there are clever jokes , and there are dumb jokes , dumb people do n't like clever jokes because they have to go back and think about it before they get what the joke is . 
  it 's not the joke that 's failed , it 's you . 
  furthermore it 's wrong to criticise the joke for being misleading , you can not have a subversion of expectation joke without in some way being misleading . 
  `` my dog 's got no nose '' `` how does it receive sensory information from its environment without an olfactory organ ? '', 
  `` terrible '' simply does n't work precisely because without the misleading ambiguous question there 's no space for an expected response . 
  yeah this is definitely more of a programming thing than a logic thing . 
  you 're pronouncing goethe incorrectly . 
  it would work in american and irish because of the softened - t 's . 
  lol , what fucking german dialects have you been listening to ? 
  texan ones ? 
  there 's no rhotic - r in german . 
  \u00f6 sounds nothing like a rhotic er . 
  no he `` lay '' awake . 
  if you 're going to make an intellectual joke get the grammar right . 
  i 'll never understand why so many americans think lay is a present tense verb when it 's intransitive . 
  `` lie , lay , lain '' `` lay , laid , laid '' . 
  here `` lay down on the ground '' all the time on us tv . 
  well if you want to start the genocide go ahead . 
  to me , it seems like when you can plug your nervous system into a vr and experience exactly what it 's like to drive ferrari , and everyone else in the world can also experience it , despite their physical bodies living in meagre huts in the forest , that 's a better world than one where a few people get to drive real ferraris . 
  why would it ? 
  yeah but the other one was just logical . 
  i think this one requires more understanding of how programmes behave . 
  sorry if i was mean . 
  but that 's not a german pronunciation of the word . 
  making a statement like '' but in most german dialects , \u00f6 makes an an `` er '' sound , with the rhotic ` r ' . '', 
  is just so very wrong . 
  it sounds like you 're talking out your arse , trying to sound like an expert but saying something that could n't be further from the truth . 
  what you should have said is that the english pronunciation of goethe sounds a bit like gerduh , which might be mistaken for girder with an rhotic american or irish english accent , which is true . 
  not have made a claim about german dialects which is patently false . 
  what if you could just plug yourself in and experience all those things and more in vr . 
  what 's the difference . 
  yeah but what if you had vr that could plug into your nervous system that was indistinguishable from real life . 
  your plan of less people just is n't going to happen , and even then we 've still got to deal with the environmental issues and already having 7 billion people . 
  if we 're lucky we might get the population under control before it hits 10 billion at the current rate .
