  the fact they baulked at cherry fact is just so hypocritical . 
  as a foreigner in your land i have a few . 
  why the fuck do you organise your supermarket that way ? 
  why not try `` meat aisle '' `` bread aisle '' `` milk aisle '' is a lot simpler . 
  why do n't you do good ready meals for the microwave ? 
  come on , everyone is lazy sometimes . 
  why do n't your supermarket sell otc drugs ? 
  hell why do n't they put apothekes in the damn supermarkets themselves . 
  not crossing the road when it 's clear is dumb . 
  why 's it so fucking humid right now ? 
  yeah you do have a few ready meals , but in the uk we have a whole aisle dedicated to ready meals , from curry  chinese  bangers and mash , we even have fancy ranges where you 'll get someone like salmon en croute , white sauce with parsley , roast potatoes and asparagus tips . 
  given that the biggest city in ireland is still pretty small compared to most countries , you may as well all be !, 
  to me it just seems like his way of apologising to americans for having to bring up other countries . 
  i mean , only in the us does the desire to talk about things in other countries have to come with some kind of joke to ease them into it . 
  i also think it 's his way of not appearing too european to his audience , who might switch off otherwise . 
  i was highly triggered by being compared to ringo , we 're at least george harrison . 
  it does seem like his function is basically to frame world events in a context americans can understand and tolerate , reductivism and injecting crude humour are a part of that . 
  not really . 
  as a eu citizen she 's currently able to be unemployed without a time limit , and switch jobs as readily as she likes . 
  being an immigrant on a visa is a shitty deal incomparable to what we have now . 
  i live in germany as a uk citizen , currently i 'm able to freelance , work as much as i like/need , come and go into the country as much as i want , go back to england for a month if i really want to ( or longer if i had to without losing any rights ) . 
  nobody is checking on me , i do n't have to deal with bureaucrats at the immigration offices every year to renew my visa ( and they 're notoriously a bunch of unhelpful pricks ) . 
  even basic stuff like not having to pay 100 euros to have my driving licence translated because it 's recognised eu wide . 
  i 've got almost all the same rights as a german citizen . 
  if i became destitute and then got a serious illness i 'd be germany 's problem . 
  compare this to my american friends , who are constantly in full time employment , and if they lost their job they 'd have only a short period to find another employer willing to take them on . 
  if they got arrested for some reason they could lose their right to reside , and so on . 
  as an eu citizen in a foreign eu country you have a really good deal , virtually the only stuff you ca n't do is vote and run for office . 
  if we left and all the eu foreign residents had to go on visas then they 'd lose a lot of the rights that are guaranteed to them by the eu , so it 's not a concern that exists unless a brexit happens . 
  see , that just shows that britain is its own worst enemy , if you come to germany on a student visa then getting your hi is literally the first thing you have to sort out before they 'll even let you start attending class . 
  good on you fella , sent my remain vote in from germany last week !, 
  another economically illiterate idiot subscribing to ideas perpetrated by anti-semites and conspiratards . 
   and why is it for thousands of years we never needed your ` motivations ' ? 
  oh yeah , for thousands of years we also living in a highly class defined society with little to no economic mobility and vastly slower growth . 
  i 'm sorry , but given that you 're too stupid to actually try to understand the economic system , you do n't deserve a say in its running , nor to benefit from it . 
  that 's the beauty of economics i guess , over and above politics , it does n't require the consent of the morons to function . 
  btw , i 've seen those videos before , especially that first one , we used to like to watch them for a good old laugh in the economics department from time to time . 
  ok , if you 're going for citizenship , but realistically , if you 're working on the assumption for remaining an eu resident , you have that leeway provided you can financially support yourself somehow , either through partner or savings . 
  it 's still a way better deal than what you would get as a non-eu citizen in a work visa . 
  do n't worry i have chi that meets that standards required by the german government . 
  i also would ask if you 're sure that `` work seeking '' clause applies if you 're defined as a self-sufficient person . 
  my belief was that work gaps were only a problem if you needed to claim benefits . 
  as long as i pay all my taxes for a time then my belief was that i was able to claim benefits after a while . 
  i certainly know a few eu citizens in germany who 've claimed their equivalent of job seekers and had their hi paid by the gov. 
   right up until the world adopted freer market capitalism !, 
  thank you !, 
  lol , this is just getting stupid . 
  who said anything about the notion of free market capitalism . 
  i 'm actually pretty left leaning , but i understand how economics functions and why banking is a necessary evil in our modern world , its benefits outweigh its downsides , that does n't mean i do n't believe in wealth distribution to balance the scales and ensure everyone has access to the necessities of life and the possibility of self-fulfilment . 
   if you are the genius explain to me what good a normal 3 % inflation is good when it destroys 25 % of your buying power and savings in only eight years ? 
  err ... what the fuck are you talking about . 
  that only applies if you 're an idiot who does n't invest their savings . 
   then explain how how , for example , a constant 6 % salary increase is sustinable just to beat that debt and have 3 % growth ? 
  what the fuck are you talking about . 
  salary increases are far more to do with your growing worth as an employee . 
  if you get an inflation matching salary increase then they 're essentially offering you the same salary . 
  if your salary does n't increase yearly then they 're actually paying you less . 
  no offence , but pick up a book on economics that was n't written by a crank with an agenda . 
  sorry , while it is true that if you come on a student visa then you 'll need hi to start studying , this also true for eu citizens who want to study in germany , they 're very hot on making sure that students are insured . 
   which is a good thing if you 're anti-immigrant as those people can then be kicked out easily . 
  which would be horribly harsh and unfair on a lot of people if you ask me , because from personal experience the bureaucratic complication of it all means a lot of people will have gaps in employment / hi and so forth . 
   i know why you want a corrupt currency that robs the middle class and makes them poorer every day . 
  there 's absolutely nothing about the fiat money system or the model of banking system that robs the middle classes . 
  the middle classes get robbed because they 're mostly economically illiterate these days ( the popularity of videos such as the one you linked are proof of that ) . 
  the populace is meant to ensure that the financial sector is doing the right thing by electing politicians that will fight for their rights by regulating the financial sector to ensure that risk is properly managed and protected against . 
  the reason the middle class get fucked is because they elect idiots who serve only the interests of the super rich , and just shrug their shoulders when they take a beating because of the pervasive fatalism of the masses . 
  then you get something like the 2008 recession , and then instead of there being mass an outcry for reform , and organising themselves to change things , most people shrug it off and keep playing their xbox , and the others create crap like occupy wall street , which was quickly subverted to other agendas and infested with cranks and sjws . 
   okay then , what about the wages losing 25 % ? 
  your wages wo n't lose 25 % if your pay rise matches or beats inflation . 
  you would get those pay rises if you fought for your interests . 
  instead , however , you have legions of idiots who have been trained to fight against their interests . 
  people who have allowed themselves to be conditioned that they 're merely `` temporarily embarrassed millionaires '' , and that despite the fact they live in a trailer , they believe things like a minimum wage is a bad idea , because bill o'reilly told them on television it was true . 
   and then explain how you are going to maintain 6 % wage growth just to get a 3 % raise ? 
  funny how the greatest generation managed to achieve exactly that for decades , making the median real wealth of the middle classes increase year after year , but that 's because they had both balls and brains , read the financial news , understood what it meant and voted accordingly . 
  politicians back then were actually afraid to implement the kind of self-serving policies they do now because they knew there would be public outcry and they 'd lose their influence and popularity . 
  they achieved all that with a fiat monetary system and central bank too . 
  nowadays people are more likely to vote according to some emotional ideological fervour they 've been whipped into by the media , or because of some unimportant issue like who 's allowed to use which toilet in the supermarket . 
   and why should the middle class be forced to gamble on wall street ? 
  nobody , is saying that , investing is not gambling . 
  there are plenty of people who are willing to give you an inflation beating return on your investment , and take on any liability from risk . 
  the absolute worst that could happen realistically is that they give you back what you gave them at a slight loss due to inflation , but 99.9 % of the time , due to the low risk at those kind of returns , they 'll deliver on their promise of beating inflation . 
  just because you `` invest '' does n't mean you 're taking the kind of high risk venture that the clich\u00e9d wall street trader takes . 
  seriously , the reason the middle class has grown poorer is because it 's grown dumber , fatter and more complacent . 
  when you walk into a forest without any way to defend yourself , do n't blame the wolves when they eat you for breakfast , that 's just not the way of the world , and its the permissive na\u00efvet\u00e9 , fatalism , and stupidity of the masses that have led to this situation . 
  you can blame the media , you can blame the education system , but ultimately it 's your job to defend your own interests , you have to vote with your feet , and realise the power of collective action . 
  we now live in a world where ideas like that are scoffed at , and that 's why the average person grows poorer , the mega rich get richer , and our society grows ever more oligarchical . 
  edit : i 'll add , that i can see why the narrative within videos like the one you linked are appealing , because it makes everything simple , and paints a nice boogie man like the banking community or the fed to blame for it happening , but the reality is far more complicated and the fault lies far more at your own feet , which just does n't quite have the same sex appeal . 
  i actually think it 's more to do with the relative expense of take away , take out is very expensive in the uk compared to germany so there 's more demand for these kind of meals !, 
  i also heard that germans eat more mcdonalds per capita than even the british ( although the british are fatter because they eat more calories and exercise less ) . 
  i 'm sorry , i tried my honest best , you 're an idiot and the reason why the society is sliding in oligarchy . 
  you are literally the reason why you 're relatively poorer than you 're grandparents , and beyond saving . 
  you 're economically illiterate and that 's the reason why society ca n't make the wealth move down any more . 
  absolutely not , you 're at minimum # 7 for an indian / chinese for one ( although these tend to be more expensive in germany too , particularly indian ) , and even like # 12 for a decent take out pizza . 
  even a fish and chips will set you back # 6 . 
  my friend owns a pizzeria here in germany and i 'm amazed at the kind of prices / margins they 're working at . 
  you can get cheaper d\u00f6ner , pakistani made pizza , fried chicken and stuff , but the quality is generally awful !, 
  i know the prices man :d i 'm in germany . 
  i know a great place where you can get a really nice pizza for $ 4.50, 
  historically not so good , but most hk natives i 've spoken say they preferred before the chinese took back control . 
  here 's [ bronn ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8fguy-kxlba ) and here 's [ thoros of myr ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fj1kk8sb9u4 ),
