  yeah pretty much felt that way , none of the satire that the film had really . 
  cool story mate . 
  says you , not everyone likes the office . 
  i found the us one pretty boring . 
  it was popular in the us but just a pretty standard us sitcom in the rest of the world . 
  yeah the every man for whom everything goes right due to no facet of the character him or her self . 
  it 's always some humble good old boy with a heart of gold and a strong sense of right or wrong who defeats the evil genius/evil organisation or whatever . 
  i know it 's because they want it to be relatable and if they make the protagonist too remarkable people will find it harder to fantasise about being in their shoes , but it 's arguably a negative clich\u00e9 as it propagates a somewhat unrealistic attitude to people about what it takes to be remarkable . 
  maths is n't plural ( see : maths is n't rather than maths are n't ), 
  it belonged to a set of nouns in ancient greek that had plural ending but were singular . 
  this was reflected in its anglicised version using the conventional plural ending from english . 
  the brits carried this etymological quirk over to the abbreviated form of the word , the yanks did not . 
  ah yes , because ukraine = europe . 
  if you give up that easily , perhaps living abroad 's not for you . 
  nobody is allergic to north americans in western europe , the reality is simple , you guys ca n't get visas to work . 
  americans who happen to have an eu citizenship are just as employable as brits or anyone . 
  this is something that goes both ways fyi , as a western european getting a visa to work in the us is nigh impossible unless you 're earning the big bucks . 
  no offence , but americans often sound naive when talking about working in europe and always compare to asia where is an english teacher shortage and only a small anglo community . 
  would you expect the us language schools to offer jobs and visas to french and germans who are considering moving to the us to teach french or german ? 
  so why would anyone expect that europe would offer that to americans to teach english . 
  while the demand for english in eu countries might be higher than the demands for french or german in the us , there are also many more english speakers here , so the supply to demand ratio is n't much different . 
  do n't listen to the inherently racist assumptions of the culturally homogeneous japanese . 
  your degree would be worth as much as that universities global ranking for the subject . 
  all he means is that lots of people are dumb and racist in asia and will expect `` english teachers '' to go to english speaking universities , but if you plan to do anything of worth with your degree that will be institutions that realise that degree in applied linguistics should be valued on the quality of the institution and not the country in which it was studied . 
  i 'll also add that provided your institution is accredited and respected a 1 year ma will be as valued as a 2 year one . 
  some countries have different rules for ma lengths . 
  people in countries with 2 year only ma might sneer at the concept of a 1 year ma a little bit but due to the international academic framework they are obliged to respect it just as much as a 2 year ma from their own country , and their sneering is nothing more than inherent xenophobia expressing itself as snobbery . 
  that 's not true at all , and quite silly frankly . 
  also there are already plenty of things in place that facilitate movement between uk and oz . 
  at least three people i know from school have moved there permanently , either going the working holiday visa route and then extending it or going over there on a visa designed for skilled workers in needed sectors . 
  freedom of movement between the two nations is probably a no goer , as it would probably disbalance the labour markets too much ( too many young aussies ditching oz for the lower cost of living and party life in the uk , too many skilled uk workers going to oz for the higher salaries ) . 
  also , freedom of movement in the eu was important because many people worked in one country and lived in another , whereas with oz that 's highly impractical . 
  yep , pandora 's box has been opened . 
  even if brexit is going to destroy half the country the government is already salivating at the thought of all the laws they could change to rebuild the country in their ( deregulated ) image . 
  ah yes , because once they 've done their 8 years in germany to get a passport the first thing they 'll do is jump on a plane to the uk because as everyone knows the uk is the land of milk and honey and not at all a rather mediocre european nation with a lower standard of living than many others ... 
  you are living a fantasy , a delusion created by nothing more than your inability ( or unwillingness ) to engage with the world at an international level . 
  the uk has n't even been enforcing the eu rules about freedom of movement . 
  the reason the uk has lots of immigrants is because every british government knows it 's a gold mine for business . 
  it 's time to give up on your stupid `` blame the eu '' narrative and start holding the people responsible for britain 's domestic situation for account i.e the british government . 
  that is all nonsense . 
  the eu freedom of movement is freedom of labour , they are the same , technically we 've had the power to kick people out if they do n't find work in 6 months of arriving ( unless they 're entirely financially self-sufficent ) , we have n't done . 
  go and read the laws about free of movement , it does n't say anyone can go anywhere any time and be treated like a national . 
  you 're the one deceiving people right now ( probably because you 're too lazy to read the law ) . 
   to try and claim that the exercising of our rights to leave the eu demonstrates that we were not bound by eu decisions is frankly slimy . 
  no it 's no slimy at all , it 's absolutely factual , and having the ultimate authority is the definition of sovereignty . 
  what 's utterly slimey is how you brexiteers have acted as if the uk is in the throes of a tyrannical oppression with no choice about the matter whatsoever . 
  in fact , had more people not been misled into thinking that the eu had take the ultimate authority from the uk government , instead of being misled by brexiteer lies , then the referendum probably would 've been for remain . 
  let 's face it , the whole us vs them narrative is a weakness of the british national character . 
  the average briton feels fiercely patriotic towards his hometown and will hear nothing good of the town over , until his county is compared to the county over , at which point he 'll defend that town over to the death , at which point someone from a different region comes along , at which point he 'll defend that county over until the death , until someone from another country comes along etc. 
  the football supporter mentality of the average non-political brit was ruthlessly exploited by the eurosceptics as they used the us vs them mentality to encourage bonding between all the dissatisfied people regardless of their actual politics . 
  the irony is that what you 're calling `` lies '' in this article are actually the straight up facts that brexiteers have sought to hide from the british people all along . 
  you 're just so deep into brainwashing that you ca n't seem to acknowledge that fact . 
  the facts are :, 
  1 ) the uk has always had the power to staunch eu migration but never used it because it was reaping the benefits from it ( it 's also failed to reach targets for non-eu immigration despite not having to go through the eu to change any laws pertaining to that issue ) . 
  2 ) the uk has always been 100 % sovereign and the eu never had any power over the uk that parliament could n't overrule . 
  3 ) brexit offers no tangible economic benefit and will cost the eu money . 
  less money for the nhs , not more . 
  since that covers the main three arguments of the leave campaign , perhaps it 's time you gave up the farce now . 
  edit : oh and another thing you 've failed to mention while complaining that brits do n't get preference for jobs within the eu , is that this goes both ways , and while eu migrants might have equal status in our 2.7 trillion usd economy , there 's a 16.2 trillion usd economy that we also get equal access to . 
  perhaps if britons took it upon themselves to learn a 2nd language a bit more often it obvious benefit of 16.2 trillion vs 2.7 trillion would be apparent . 
  ironic that back in the 18th and early 19th century we were known a nation of linguists . 
  what the fuck happened there ay ? 
  you need to keep taking the meds buddy . 
  fox news ? 
  now that 's creepy , this is just a chat show with kitsch decor . 
  this does n't even fall under a field , it 's `` futurology '' or whatever . 
  if you 're so acquainted with the eu laws then you 'll know exactly how many restrictions there are that the uk government has failed over and over to enforce in any sense due to a complete lack of motivation . 
  the core of the free of movement was to facilitate freedom of labour . 
  when did the uk government ask to see eu migrants health insurance , when did they refuse them benefits on the grounds that they were n't legally in the country due to being economically inactive for 6 months and not financially self-sufficient ? 
  the actual treaty has plenty of restrictions because at it 's core it 's about freedom of labour . 
  no , one need n't have a job already to arrive and start renting a flat , but we have n't even tried to restrict people coming in ( because there is no economic argument for it ) . 
  i know a lot about these laws because i 'm actually using them . 
   not irony , and not facts either . 
  please tell what 's not fact . 
   ah still trying for the economic argument , which has been thoroughly discredited . 
  wow that 's stupid . 
  the absolute consensus in the international business world is that this will hurt the uk economy , nothing more is to be said . 
  the fact that the global community believe it is enough to massively harm britain 's economic performance , especially when the rush to buy up underpriced uk assets runs out . 
  just because the uk government 's own predictions were n't entirely accurate does n't change the reality of the economic harm brexit poses . 
  the sheer level of delusion you 're showing in denying this is utterly terrifying . 
  i do n't know if you 're actually in tune with the world business community , but nobody outside a few uk populist voiced are saying this bodes well for the uk . 
   brexit offers a huge economic benefit to the uk through getting out of the protectionist eu customs union . 
  not only will that benefit the uk as a whole but it will do so mainly in favour of the poor who will see their disposable income increase . 
  you are also oblivious to just how protectionist the eu customs union is . 
  we are excluded from huge amounts of foreign trade because of their attempts to protect themselves . 
  a vote to remain in the eu is a vote against free trade . 
  look at how they treat 3rd world countries in order to protect eu agriculture which also has to be subsidised . 
  it is completely unethical what we are doing . 
  so i vote no to the narrow mindedness of the eu and look forward to being more global . 
  this is highly ironic when half the people who voted for brexit thought they were voting for more protectionism ( british jobs for british workers ) rather than less . 
  ca n't wait to see the shit hit the fan when they finally clock onto the reality that this was about free market economics after all . 
  i ask you , is it really so bad for the largest economic union in the world to have a degree of protectionism . 
  funny how just a few years ago the uk blocked plans to decrease taxes on steel imports from china while simultaneously complaining about the protectionist eu ( i 'm sure the swedish steel industry was very grateful for the support of the non-steel producing uk ) . 
  the uk economy has grown consistently throughout its membership of the eu , probably the best performing nation of the 28 , and you 're complaining about the protectionist eu stifling us with protectionism , it 's actually laughable . 
  you 've created the narrative you want to believe and nothing else . 
  i 'll be laughing when the economic hardships really start to hit . 
  this is going to be a harsh lesson for much of the british public on the dangers of exceptionalism and parochialism . 
  sorry , my bad , meant - sportlich . 
  i 'm in the nw and everything is just - sch - sch - sch xd, 
  common law is pretty unique to the anglosphere and its colonies .
