  or they get angry that anyone threatened their worldview and fall back on the typical intergenerational clich\u00e9s e.g you do n't know you 're born , we had it so much harder , in order to `` win '' the argument . 
  honestly , when you get to the core of it i think that ultimately the only difference is the way in which each generation reacts to things . 
  the older generation had to bottle up their dissatisfaction with what their superiors told them or made them do , and they dealt with this by building themselves a `` tough '' / `` strong '' / `` intelligent '' self image that they themselves bought into . 
  once they got a modicum of authority themselves they were n't going to allow anyone to challenge it or contradict them if they could prevent it . 
  they strongly buy into this notion that if you want something you have to go out and get it yourself and that `` winning '' in social situations e.g a coveration with your boss , is really important . 
  it 's that strong individualism and egoism of a generation that grew up inheriting a world in which they outnumbered the previous generations by an unusual degree . 
  the world their generation were born into was n't perfect , in fact it was a society that was in many ways more antiquated and ill-set up to deal with them and the rapid changes of the 20th century . 
  this created a mentality where there endless opportunity out there but you had to be loud enough , and convincing enough and determined enough to create that change and find that place for yourself . 
  therefore the character traits they respect reflect that pattern . 
  meanwhile the generation who are 18-35 at the moment really have a completely different mentality . 
  born into a world in which the generational divide is somewhat top heavy , and with older generations who already consider themselves to be modern and to have completely comprehended what it means to be young , young people today are far more focussed on not making waves for the most part . 
  simply being single minded really is n't considered such a brilliant approach for getting your way in this day and age , people are just way less interested in one another . 
  this generation also takes egalitarianism far more seriously , and have a greater problem which pushing themselves to the front and showing themselves off to get ahead in life . 
  i like to take the example of getting a job . 
  when someone is unemployed boomers often give advice like , `` it 's not enough just to submit an application , you need to go down there today , talk straight up to the manager and tell him to give you a job '' . 
  this kind of behaviour really capture the boomer generation mentality of `` demand more and you 'll get more '' . 
  millennials when face with this type of suggestion are often horrified by the thought of doing something so shameless and in many ways arrogant . 
  their thoughts are `` why would demanding something make you more likely to get it ? 
  '' , `` i someone tried to get a job from me in that fashion i 'd worry they were overconfident and unaware '' , `` why would i act so ostentatiously as if i were the best employee ever when that 's objectively not the case '' , `` wo n't everyone else hate me if i try to go around the proper `` system '' '' etc. 
  millennials for the most are far more concerned with their scheme of things , far more humble about their own abilities ( in fact often to the point of lacking any true self-belief whatsoever , and often the only exceptions to this humility are the ones who have the least ability of all ) , and just want to rub along with the group rather than make waves . 
  they look to their peers far more often for correction or support , which in many boomers eyes is just seen as weakness . 
  stick three boomers in a room and give them a task and the process will be quite adversarial , generally a clear leader will emerge . 
  stick three millennials in a room to do the same task and they 'll typically be far more concerned about not making any enemies and not being seen as imposing their will on anyone else within the group , ensuring that everyone else feels their voices have been heard . 
  to sum but , boomers are definitely the more adversarial and competitive generation , they more often see the world as made up of people and their wills . 
  millennials see the world more as systems and structure that they have no choice but to go along with , they do not always try to compete the same way , `` sorry i exist '' might be a way to encapsulate the attitude of many , the willfulness of the older generation has made them cautious of stepping on anyone 's toes and they see the kind of strong willed argumentative behaviour of their parents are embarrassing ( it makes the mistake of thinking anyone gives a shit in the first place ) . 
  ironically , this generation has some elements that it actually has more in common with the war generation . 
  the idea of not overstepping your place , the feeling that as a person you are generally surplus to requirement and that 's there something inherently `` wrong '' about being in any sense pushy to get what you want . 
  that said , before we go too far , it 's also important to remember that objectively this generation has it vastly easier that the war generation and lacks their stoicism , so reacts to this situation with detachment , apathy , depression , and being upset rather and soldier on without breathing a word . 
  the boomer generation finds this generations attitude to life unbecoming because their own generation 's mentality is premised on the antithesis of that mentality ( i.e they saw the war generation as putting up with too much shit and not making enough waves ) , whereas the millennials do n't like the boomer 's mentality as it was made for a world in which those war generation problems were the issue , whereas now we have a entirely different host of problems none of which involve people not `` standing up '' for what they believe and are often caused by people being too pushy , too wilful , and not submitting themselves to their peers opinions . 
  the history of the entire human race in many ways like this , with generations swinging from extreme to extreme , if one generation is idealistic , the next will be cynical and so on . 
  it 's just a shame that more people ca n't be aware of this and in being so become more sympathetic to each generation 's outlook . 
  these angry boomers who rant about the millennials really need to try to see it from their point of view . 
  if a young person comes to your work place and seems really timid and not to be doing much , rarely having an opinion on anything , instead of jumping on them and putting it down to poor character or laziness , perhaps think about why they feel that this kind of behaviour is optimal for them to display , perhaps it actually has a deeper explanation insofar that this is the kind of behaviour that has been expected from them or has worked well for them up to now . 
  corbyn fucked us on brexit and he wo n't be getting my support . 
  it does n't really matter though because labour have never won my constituency and in the last few decades it 's been a toss up between tory and lib dem so it 's obvious who to vote for . 
  honestly if i lived somewhere where it might come down to labour vs tory i would probably still avoid labour , so in many ways they have my vote already . 
  still fuck corbyn you can not expect me to like the man when he 's got so much of the old left about him . 
  i 'll also add that if labour had a strong centrist leadership like blair ( but not actually blair obviously ) , and had come out as for the eu and against the tory plans , then would now be a possibility of a labour victory at the next election . 
  the correct way to deal with parties dealing some of your traditional voter base is to steal some of theirs . 
  while the conservatives are stealing ex-labour come ukip voters , labour could be stealing a large segment of the traditionally tory voting progressive pro-economy cosmopolitans voters who are riled up about the eu . 
  instead labour have ostracised these people by going back to the old left , which is about as appealing as the black death for these demographics . 
  you really have to question an allegedly left wing party that is so concerned getting back voters who voted for a party that once had `` privatise the nhs '' as a policy . 
  i 'm certain labour are going to fare really badly in this ge , their pathetic servile attempt to bring their populist northern voter base back to the flock is going to fail horribly . 
  anyone who was angry enough about the situation to vote ukip knows that labour are still the `` soft option '' when it comes to brexit and are very likely to vote tory this time around just so they `` see brexit through to the end '' . 
  you win no votes by being the party of ambiguity , and labour 's current mentality of `` brexit !, 
  but only kinda brexit and social justice for all '' plays well with precisely nobody . 
  labour should have gone all out with opposing the tories after brexit , set itself up as an electable , real world , centrist party that would allay the fears of the middle classes and would 've made them feel comfortable voting labour again . 
  the tories look like completely incompetent toss pots since brexit and they could 've capitalised on that . 
  instead they 've done the opposite and it 's played into the tories hands perfectly , remarkably making themselves more unelectable than a party that has literally split the country in two by fucking up and massively misreading the political landscape . 
  corbyn really ca n't be that smart if he thinks he even has a chance doing what he 's doing currently . 
  he had the chance to really shake thing up and he 's cowered from it at every opportunity , falling back to the security of same dogma he 's been spouting since the 70s , and it 's not remotely impressive . 
  gd4u m8, 
  nobody is saying that boomers have no valid advice . 
  the thing is that you are now the dominant generation in every sense . 
  you no longer need to push your world view , especially onto a younger generation coming through with experiences and ideas to share . 
  back in the 60 , 70s and 80s it you were upcoming generation that needed to change reorder things in its image . 
  however , since you 've become the dominant generation it 's almost like you 're doing the same in reverse , so used to fighting for your voices to be heard instead of clearing out the old antiquated views of your elders you 're now suppressing and delegitimatising the new . 
  and even if the young are in some regards wrong , each generation should have the freedom to make its own mistakes . 
  it 's about time the incredibly wealthy 50 + age group started to willingly and wisely step aside for younger people . 
  the social and material capital is now all with the old and unlike previous generations who needed the young to survive , with your wealth and prosperity you do n't need us and are n't sharing . 
  old people now have far more wealth than the generation of people of fertile breeding age who should be starting families and ensuring the future . 
  we know you worked hard for what you have but it 's really useless wasted wealth going on your yearly holidays abroad and jewellery boxes when it could be given to a couple in their 30s before biology makes another childless couple . 
  i 'll also add that the price of having children is ridiculous these days whereas it really was n't 40 years ago . 
  now the only people having kids on a budget are those too poor or stupid to ever provide a great deal for their children , which means the next generation is going to overloaded with poorly raised kids as they 're the only ones who can afford kids . 
  the most important people in any generation should always be those of breeding age , they need that money . 
  all these silver haired people with fat salaries waiting for fat pensions are not helping society by sitting on their wealth and only handing it down when they 're 80 + at which point it just becomes their own children 's retirement fund and never gets down to the young and dynamic people that might use it to change things up a bit . 
  i can tell you that the young of today do not share the drive and enthusiasm about the world that people in the past perhaps experienced in the past . 
  they feel born into a world that is already full , a world in which to claim any kind of special status feels precocious , a world in which rubbing along with the collective is much safer and better rewarded than going against the grain . 
  millennial bashing is just the worst thing to do right now , this generation is a product of those that went before , and i think if most boomers looked harder they 'd see all the remarkable things that millennials are good at that they themselves do n't excel in rather than only those ways in which millennials do n't live up to what they , using the standards of their own era , believe is right . 
  i 'm not angry at all . 
  i 'm putting ideas across . 
  obviously there is an element of frustration . 
  when you raise these issues with the older generation they rarely want to hear it , and often say things to try to delegitimise the opinions of young people . 
  it does n't help when you see so many wealthy older folks whiling away their sunshine years in luxury while most people my age ( late 20s ) do n't seem to have amassed much social or financial capital , and the few that have are working their arses off 48 hours a week to keep their jobs . 
  it seems crazy to me that society does n't try to push wealth down to the generation that 's of breeding age . 
  starting with oral opiates is a rather new phenomena . 
  smoking heroin was the normal gateway to iv usage . 
  that 's the perfect example of how the legal system is shit . 
  basically just turned a dumb kid who sold weed in a social pariah and small time criminal . 
  it 's been slowly increasing over the last 15 years yes . 
  that said , in many countries where opiates are highly controlled the normal way in is still smoking h. where i live it would be nigh on impossible to get hands on oral opiates on the street , but you could get a lump of h in 10 minutes if you know where to go . 
  fair enough . 
  in europe you 'd struggle to find anything like oxy , but smokable heroin is widely available , that 's why i associate it with being the `` usual '' way in . 
  but hear in the us the situation with oral opiates has become very different as doctors give them away like sweets . 
  what a grade a cunt . 
  what 's that ? 
  i 'm not familiar with the terminology . 
  i 'd be careful with that mate . 
  what you 're doing there with the present participle is actually more analogous to participle phrases in english . 
  in german they 're limited mostly to the written form the language . 
  most of those sentences you 've got there would probably be better translated with some kind of conjunction such as `` weil '' or `` als '' . 
  look at the examples in the link the other guy has given . 
  in english this would be :, 
   having arrived in paris , firstly we sought a hotel, 
  another :, 
   feigning an illness , he did n't have to go to school, 
  the problem is your examples are n't typical participle phrases . 
  you can discern these in english because they tend to head sentences and should be separated from the clause with a comma . 
  these can be translated into german this way , but tend to be mostly confined to literature . 
  i ca n't imagine the thoughts you 've expressed with your example sentences being translated with a german participle phrase .
