  god that 's like something straight out of a cheesey american 90s film . 
  hear that kinda shit from americans all the time . 
  we have bigger things to worry about than oral hygiene right now and you like about five years old for deploying such a strategy . 
  they had their time . 
  might as well ask why tudor is n't on the throne . 
  it was n't a condition of the act of union that a stuart remain on the throne . 
  it was used to describe anal sex , that 's what turd burglary as been used to describe . 
  would probably work imo, 
  all enforced after the boston tea party . 
  at the time ruthless quashing of dissension seemed like the logical recourse to a unruly colony but obviously it was an unsophisticated approach . 
  nobody can deny that the `` oppressive '' taxes the british imposed were pretty pathetic by today 's standards . 
  probably because they 're too young to have heard how that insult used to be used . 
  all i 'm saying is that the name has been used as a homophobic slur like butt pirate . 
  americans : allergic to tax since 1776 xd, 
  backstory ? 
  `` the angry old folk has at least voted our once bright future into a huge pile of stubborn but proud shit . '', 
  this is horrible english frankly . 
  `` folk '' is almost always treated as a plural in english . 
  `` at least '' does n't really make sense here . 
  i think he 's trying to say that that is the very minimum possible damage they 've done , but english tends to use `` at least '' for positive things ( e.g `` at least he voted '' or `` you must at least give a go '' ) , so it sounds like he 's happy they 've done it . 
  which obviously does n't make sense in the context . 
  `` at best '' and `` at worst '' tend to be used in english for the sense he 's going for , but typically only when comparing the best and worst outcomes of something negative . 
  an alternative phrase would be `` at the very minimum '' , but it 's a bit unwieldy and cumbersome as a phrase . 
  `` there was no app '' is atypical phrasing in english even though it makes perfect sense and is grammatical . 
  `` there was n't an app '' would be more typical of ordinary speech . 
  `` go voting '' is not really a phrase in english . 
  voting is not like fishing ... 
  `` stubborn , but proud '' , `` but '' here is unnecessary as the two adjectives do n't really contrast with each other but actually compliment each other . 
  `` act as if you have learnt something '' is also a dubious sentence . 
  `` act as if you had learnt something '' would be more suitable , as `` as if '' is typically used for counterfactual statements and thus the clause would be in the third conditional , not the first conditional in the past . 
  however it comes off slightly offensive as it seems to suggests the youth have n't learnt anything from brexit , so why should they take your opinion seriously when you 're already criticising them . 
  to fix this :, 
  `` damn , the angry old folk have , at best , voted to turn our once bright future into a pile of stubborn , proud shit . '', 
  `` we should have voted '', 
  `` i double checked , there was n't an app '', 
  `` shit , we did n't have a chance '', 
  `` nope '', 
  `` fuck the system ! '', 
  `` learn something from the referendum ! '', 
  would be more positive , or at least `` act like you 've learnt something '' , which does n't come across as so strongly counterfactual , and while slightly ungrammatical ( like should strictly speaking only be used with nouns and not clauses ) it comes over as a lot more natural english . 
  seriously , if you want your artwork to appeal to the british youth you should at least communicate it in a way they can relate to . 
  this just sounds like german somewhat cack-handedly translated into english . 
  perhaps this image is a microcosm for how the eu handled their image in britain during britain 's membership of the eu . 
  ok , but what does that have to do with america and what did erdogan do to america in dc ? 
  reusable sheepskin condoms * what more could you want ? 
  this is common for professional sports players . 
  you ca n't regularly drink , eat , smoke , or take drugs to unwind , so what have you got left ? 
  well you and most of the people you encounter are in peak physical shape and thus probably attractive , might as well fuck everything you can for some r&r . 
  dumbass here would 've been in the former group if he had gone to university when everyone else did instead of dicking around for 3 years beforehand . 
  ( although to be fair it was really beneficial in other ways to go a bit later ) . 
  i 'm pretty sure he 's thinking of diablo 3 . 
  i remember there was a rage about that . 
   i am the only one who does n't watch the latest cable tv show, 
  lol what does that have to do with anything ? 
  this is about weight not just all general forms of self denial . 
  not to be pedantic but while fat people do bigger shits there 's no reason to think they smell worse . 
  people with bad diets will out stink anyone regardless of whether fat or thin . 
  where the fuck do you live ? 
  depending on your height 90kg can be anything from morbidly obese to a healthy body weight . 
  90kg is a healthy body weight for a tall man . 
  at around 6ft a 90kg man would only be 8kg overweight would n't be defined as obese by anyone really . 
  at around 6ft 3 it would n't be classified as overweight . 
  also with muscle building a man can easily hit 90kg and not be unhealthy or even that built up . 
  what 's the passport thing with canada about . 
  to be fair . 
  it 's weird that the us gets by without some way to break down pounds in the same way feet do with inches . 
  we do , just not for people . 
  it does n't work like that buddy . 
  if you did that 6 days a week and binged once a week then you 'd still lose weight . 
  slower , but it would still be a net gain . 
  it 's not like a heroin addiction and having a relapse puts you back to square one . 
  for binge eating to counter out healthy living it 's going to have to be relatively frequent . 
  no i mean the other way . 
  we also use ounces . 
  stones pounds and ounces . 
  kinda funny that you think that when we literally founded you . 
  every one of your founding fathers ? 
  what was the there goal ? 
  to found a new england in a new land . 
  your legal traditions and natural rights ? 
  british law and philosophy . 
  the very premise on which your revolution was based ? 
  a principle of english law . 
  who were these founding fathers ? 
  benevolent men of the people heroically fighting oppression as the pg13 hollywood narrative would suggest , or low tier british aristocracy , colonial landed gentry , who saw that power was theirs for the taking as there was no way that even the british could control a colony as large and wild as america and took it ? 
  you 're just our bigger , angry , mutated cultural overflow . 
  the motivation behind american exceptionalism ? 
  a nagging sense of being culturally derivative and the fear of being labelled secondary to the european sources of your collective culture . 
  which was the prejudice americans had to face during much of the 19th century . 
  the accusation of being a backwater and a copy , the last place to hear of european innovation and fashion . 
  and yes , america may now celebrate its ethic diversity , its non-european roots , but this is a relatively new phenomena and historically was n't remotely the case . 
  let 's face it , historically the hierarchy of the us was anglo-saxon protestants  other germanic protestants  celtic and mainland european catholics  non-whites that are n't black  black people . 
  what 's also funny is the way americans think that `` american '' is the first inclusive identity . 
  the term british did n't even exist until around the same era as the `` american '' identity came about . 
  america , having land but not enough people to put it all to use , colonised peoples by absorbing them , the british on the other hand , having people but not enough land , colonised by expanding outwards . 
  it 's just kinda cute to think of americans thinking they 're absorbing british cultural distinctiveness when british culture has obviously defined american culture more than any other nation by a long shot . 
  edit : [ something to think about in the context of american history ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gq7f9g-em0g ), 
  to be fair , it 's a comedy routine . 
  he 's actually spent a lot of time in britain and that 's why he 's able to satirise it so well . 
  in many ways , he 's just describing what any american who 's lived in britain will miss about their country , things like the open friendly super positive vibes in many situations , and the ways that american culture is given to excess and lavish displays of abundance ( like having 100 options on your breakfast menu , which in britain would be seen as excessive , unnecessary , and possibly bad taste ) instead of just 10 .
