   the us also spends the most on military , protecting themselves and most much of the west . 
  their allies can give that money , that would go to self-defense , to other countries . 
  this is just rubbish , if the us cut their military budget vastly it would n't mean a large increase in military spending was needed in those countries . 
  the us spends over 500 billion us dollars a year on the military , if they spent 250 million instead it would n't make that much of a difference to europe , since the us and the eu would both still be the most powerful militaries in the world ( the eu already spends roughly 200 billion us dollars a year on its military . 
  it 's been 71 years since the end of ww2 , 71 years before that queen victoria was marrying her son to the tsar of russia , 71 years before that america was only 23 years old . 
  i think it 's fair to say things change a great deal in 71 years , and that what happened 71 years ago should n't be used as an argument for now . 
   i think the people receiving the money would prefer the most amount total , regardless of how many people donated . 
  of course the would , but nations do n't control how big they are . 
  it 's good that those 1000 who give 1 dollar are there to provide support as well , but ultimately you do n't consider the 1000 who give the $ 1 more generous or charitable than the 100 people living in the area who gives $ 10 . 
   you said it `` does n't reflect well '' ... wtf ? 
  that 's an asshole thing to say . 
  why is it `` asshole '' of me ? 
  i 'm talking about what the us government does , i 'm not talking to any one individual . 
  it does n't reflect well when poorer nations economically , are able to give relatively more . 
  if you won $ 17,000 , and they ask if you want to give any to charity , and you give $ 30 , and the guy next to you wins $ 2,500 dollars , and he gives 18 dollars , it does n't make you look particularly generous . 
   i meant $ 1 is $ 1 , regardless of `` per capita '' . 
  at the end of the day the people receiving the aid want more money , who cares about `` per capita '' . 
  per capita does n't matter when it gets to africa but it shows what is realistically possible for one nation to do . 
   it 's not rubbish . 
  without the us military , countries would have to reallocate a lot of funds towards military , leaving less for stuff like this . 
  no they would n't , but i cba arguing this with you about this . 
  instead , think of it this way . 
  the us spends 610 billion dollars a year on the military . 
  the us would only need to spend an additional 62 billion on economic aid a year to match the uk 's per capita spending . 
  that would mean a military expenditure of 548 million , difference of 10.1 % . 
  do you really think us allies will need to spend so much more just because the us military is 10 % smaller , given the us military spending is well over twice that of the eu combined , well over three times that of china 's and over 7 times that of russia 's ? 
  better brush up your english . 
  it 's within the backstory of the novels . 
  thousands of years before the novels took place humanity had spread across the universe from earth using hi-tech technology and computer ai . 
  the ai eventually rose up against the humans and there was an immense war across the galaxy . 
  the humans eventually won but they saw the dangers computer ai and integration with technology could cause . 
  this led to the religious prohibition against thinking machines and the innovations of ways for humanity to replace the destroyed technology with alternative methods ( this is why in the dune universe you rarely see technology more electronically complex than a simple circuit board ) . 
  instead of building machines to do their bidding humanity turned itself towards spirituality and psychic evolution as a way to achieve its goals , much accelerated by the use of spice to extend lifespan and unlock latent psychic potential . 
  humanity 's goal was now to master itself . 
  some humans actually elected to make themselves into tools . 
  the spacing guild focussed on replacing space faring technology through the breeding of the navigators , using spice to force sped up evolution so the navigators would be able to use their powers to bend space time and travel anywhere in the universe instantly . 
  another example of this is the mentat order , humans conditioned and adapted so their computation powers would match those of machines . 
  meanwhile the bene gesserat ( sp ? ), 
  witches started a different path , a path designed to breed the ultimate human , the kwizats haderak , one which they perceived as being truly pure human and free from all the degradations of the human spirit caused by their strange universe . 
  if you remember paul 's mother was a bene gesserat who never made far enough to become a reverend mother , she was tasked with bearing a daughter for duke leto atreides , so it could be married to the harrkonnen heir and hopefully produce the kwizats haderak . 
  however , she broke the rules and had a son anyway because of her love for the duke . 
  paul had to have his `` humanity '' tested because they needed to see what the results of this unsanctioned male birth were , and whether there was any chance he would be the chosen one . 
  otherwise they would n't have suffered him to continue living . 
  so ultimately by humanity they mean a most evolved state of humanity , a human who has mastered themselves and is no longer that the whim of their instincts and desires . 
  there are no non-humans in the dune universe afaik , at least no in the literal sense of intelligent life that did n't come from the human race , but the bene gesserat consider humans who can not achieve a higher state of spiritual enlightenment to be truly humans , they are merely animals to them . 
  there are however many sects of humanity who have broken off and forced themselves to evolve into a different state ( like the guild navigators ) , who barely resemble humans any more and are generally disliked and feared by the bene gesserat order , they are often tolerated by the great houses and the emperor though , because of their utility . 
  edit : i 'll just add that it 's this premise that makes the dune series so timeless and ground breaking , instead of the usual sci-fi path of technology , it looks at a post technology society that has returned to feudalism and religious extremism as a path of progress for humanity , the evolution of the internal state of being human rather than the adaptation of our environment . 
  the period the novels are set in is actually a society of technological stagnation much like the dark ages , all the technology they need to achieve things things has already existed for thousands of years , and the way of life is set in stone and highly cemented , which means humanity has the time to focus on mastering themselves rather than the outer world . 
  a good example of this is how paul 's education to become duke is entirely focussed around teaching him self-discipline and improving his mental powers of deduction and perception , rather than on teaching him how the physical world functions , the latter being something people in this time period simply take for granted . 
  my name is a killing word !, 
  what a waste of money . 
  seems if you move from a country that is richer or in the same general wealth tier as your destination you 're an expat , if you move from a poorer country to much richer one you 're an immigrant . 
  move from the uk to spain , oh how nice that you can retire somewhere with nice weather , move from the us to the uk , is n't it nice to have a diverse culture of different nationalities , however , move from romainia to the uk , bloody immigrant coming here to simultaneously scrounge our benefits and steal our jobs . 
  this works with most unusual names in my experience . 
  in the uk the upper class have a habit of choosing strange names , especially for daughters , go to a polo event and you 'll see dozens of girls named after flowers , and they all nicknames too like popsy , belly , quinny , tilly and so forth . 
  however , if an usual name becomes popular amongst the poorer classes , they soon become labelled as trashy stripper sounding names . 
  in ireland , the rich and poor have horses . 
  if you 're rich and on a horse then it 's because you 're a land owner , if you 're poor and on a horse it 's because you 're a gypo traveller who buys and sells cheap horses to try and make quick cash . 
  can mean you 're probably a gypsy in some parts . 
  the first book only really hints at the backstory . 
  if you read carefully you can learn a lot , but it 's done very gradually and indirectly . 
   was n't that because of his birth . 
  his mother thought he could be the one and thus should be able to do it . 
  he was educated in the bene gesserit way , as well as a mentat , and in weapons and tactics . 
  any normal person only learns one path . 
  that is the reason why paul himself , a ducal heir , was trained in all those different schools , which in turn contributed to why he was able to reach a god-like level of power . 
  compare this to feyd , another ducal heir , so it 's not mandatory or normal for heirs to be trained these ways . 
  normally people only learn one school , and royalty simply learns to use their schools as their advisers . 
  however , the fact that paul was unusual , and that normally people only focus on one of these talents , does n't affect my point . 
  my point is that the society of the dune universe is entirely centred around the human capacity of improving itself , whether that be unnaturally modifying themselves genetically with spice ( navigators ) , conditioning their minds to perfect a certain talent ( mentats , imperial doctors ) , using drugs to expand their consciousness ( bene gesserit ) or merely through intense religious belief and mediation ( fremen ) . 
  the impact of these preternatural talents is so significant in the dune universe that the whole society revolves around those sects and the balance of power amongst them . 
  the spice must flow because the spacing guild need it for space travel and without space travel the empire ca n't function , mentats are an incredibly valuable resource that every leader needs and bene gesserit truth sayers are another incredible resource that allows the emperor to maintain power in the universe . 
   him being seen as the messiah/prophet/god on dune is also a side effect of the bene gesserit having build an cultural escape hatch into the ancient tribes that settled in dune . 
  i do n't want to spoil too much if you have n't read the sequels , and of course he 's not a god in the sense of a metaphysical being as most real religions perceive him , given what happens later , he may as well be the messiah . 
  ah , the book you 've read is just the original dune ( which is in 3 parts ) and goes up to the point where paul exiles the emperor . 
  there are 5 sequels where the scale of the ramification of what happened in the 1st book becomes so significant that it becomes hard to not to see paul as a kind of messiah for humanity , but yes , of course , it does depend on perspective . 
  the butlerian jihad was definitely part of the original official f. herbert canon . 
  herbert himself wrote in the original dune glossary . 
   jihad , butlerian : ( see also great revolt ) -- the crusade against computers , thinking machines , and conscious robots begun in 201 b.g. 
  and concluded in 108 b.g. 
  its chief commandment remains in the o.c. 
  bible as `` thou shalt not make a machine in the likeness of a human mind . '', 
  later he wrote . 
   `` the target of the jihad was a machine-attitude as much as the machines , '' leto said . 
  `` humans had set those machines to usurp our sense of beauty , our necessary selfdom out of which we make living judgments . 
  naturally , the machines were destroyed . 
  what anderson added was explicit events of the butlerian jihad , introducing things like titans and cyborbs and stuff , in order to tell the story of what happened then . 
  i do not consider this to be official canon either , and just part of the expanded universe . 
  some form of war against machines themselves however , is official canon . 
  i do n't know where you got the idea that people just decided against technology , but that 's incorrect , there definitely was a war with the machines , you do n't call it a jihad if you just peacefully destroy technology . 
  it may have been much different form how anderson portrays it , but it was still a war / crusade of some sort . 
  edit : you are right in that `` rose up against humans '' was the wrong way to put it . 
  we do n't know if the humans or the robots provoked the jihad , but there was some kind of conflict . 
  the books by frank herbert are :, 
  dune ( 1965 ), 
  dune messiah ( 1969 ), 
  children of dune ( 1976 ), 
  god emperor of dune ( 1981 ), 
  heretics of dune ( 1984 ), 
  chapterhouse : dune ( 1985 ),
