  irish video ? 
  top o ' tha morning to ya !, 
  i 'm 1/16th irish !, 
  my great-grandmother was from county cork , they got internet in ireland ? 
  british video ? 
  bad teeth !, 
  if it were n't for us you 'd be speaking german !, 
  u wot m8 ?? 
  what you 're seeing is n't an anti-american circle jerk , it 's merely the fact that reddit is filled with young liberals who happen to like european politics . 
  truth is it 's not that reddit hates america , it 's that if you do n't expose yourself to outside influence in america you live in a sound bubble of people telling you america is the greatest country on earth and leaving that can be disheartening . 
  got me there i guess . 
  but your central london name drop was still cunty , everyone knows what a train looks like stop pretending to be a special inner city snowflake . 
  i never claimed to live in london or even the uk either . 
  man how do you think i feel when i 'm teaching people english as a foreign language at university . 
  if i write something illegible they 'll ask for qualification . 
  if i spell it incorrectly they 'll probably learn it that way and use it for months or years even until someone corrects them , at which point they 'll think i 'm a fucking moron and hate me for making them look foolish . 
  it 's too much pressure !, 
  edit : to the retards having a go at me . 
  i am actually competent with english spelling and grammar . 
  i was just noting how much more aware of spelling you become when it actually matters . 
  very occasionally i might check how to spell diarrhoea or manoeuvre on my phone since i teach british english , but other than that there 's no trouble . 
  fuck you for judging me on what was just a light hearted joke . 
  fyi i thought you were the same guy i responded to originally . 
  your comment was n't cunty in the slightest so my apologies . 
  also i was born in london so i do n't know nothing of it either . 
  imo saying i do n't know what a train looks like because i never leave my town is cunty , it 's exactly the type of cunty thing londoners say because they think it 's like a badge of honour to live there and never leave as if it were the centre of the universe . 
  you may disagree but i stand by my opinion . 
  i do n't know if you 're a bumpkin or not , how would i ? . 
  / r/shitamericanssay is a satire subreddit but it brings to light some pretty clear examples of american bias on this site as you 'd expect on a site with lots of americans . 
  my point is that there is no anti-american bias , it 's mostly american liberals criticising their own country and europeans agreeing with them because they believe the same shit politically . 
  furthermore my point was that there 's plenty of pro-american bias as well , have an anti-gun control opinion ? 
  prepare to be brigaded by the pro gun subreddits . 
  also i could n't agree with your final sentence more , i was n't suggesting otherwise . 
  just do n't give me bullshit about how reddit is anti-american , it 's no more anti-american than its primary demographic of american users . 
  that 's not being `` anti-american '' . 
  it 's having a political opinion . 
  if reddit were a solely british site you 'd see people ripping on the uk all the time whenever a law is passed that is against public opinion or a politician does something stupid . 
  go to any of the national subreddits and see rampant `` anti-british '' opinions and `` anti-german '' opinions . 
  reddit is n't `` anti-american '' in the slightest . 
  unless anti-americanism means mindlessly praising your a country regardless of whether what it does flies in the face of your political opinions . 
  for reddit to be anti-american is would have to hate on american purely on the grounds of it being american , and if anything the opposite is true . 
  if america does something good they 'll be no end to people singing its praises , how many patriotic threads to we have to read about aircraft carriers ? 
  if another country did the same expect it to be compared to america and nitpicked by the principally american user base . 
  seriously americans who think reddit is anti-american are akin to the idiots who talk about there being anti-white bias in society . 
  he does n't venture out of central london enough to know what a train looks like ? 
  come on . 
  even if that 's true he 's broadcasting to everyone how he never leaves his home town as if it were n't something to be ashamed of ? 
  funny how you never see people saying i do n't know what trains look like because i 've never left wolverhampton . 
  oh go fuck yourself you inbred brain dead retard . 
  i know how to do my job perfectly well . 
  better than most in fact . 
  i am only human and do have to think about how to spell some words that are n't in common circulation . 
  i was making a joke . 
  how about focussing on your own job dipshit , it must be real tough being a professional internet warrior . 
  this is well documented i believe . 
  if someone suffers some brain damage affecting their memory , things learned at different points in life can be unaffected . 
  sounds as if suffered some damage affecting the language he 'd learnt as a child but the swedish he 'd learnt later in life remained . 
  the brain is also known for filling in gaps with constructed memories to maintain consistency when memories are lost , so that could explain his new persona . 
  no need for aliens or mind control experiments . 
  in my day we called it fancy dress . 
  cosplay to me is when people wear costumes based on specific fictional characters because they 're part of a fandom . 
  also i do n't know why many say cozplay , when it 's short for costume ? 
  or one britain - germany . 
  one of these is not like the others, 
  he 's going to get a hand shandy ? 
  nor was i aware that women were allowed to take a general 's rank . 
  this tactic is widely used in scientology . 
  it 's a psychological strategy to cause distress to the person they 're targeting . 
  it 's explained pretty well [ in this documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h4pdzt74adg&amp;t=2m15s ) . 
  they 're not interested in a debate , they just use repetitive questions to try to anger you . 
  all their devious tactics are just to create anger so they can discredit you . 
  brainwashed thugs . 
  ah the superfluous `` of '' , the mark of idiots everywhere . 
  yeah this no public freakout , this is just a typical meaningless back and forth that happens everyday between journalist and politicians . 
  all it comes down to essentially . 
  1 : i say this will work 2 : i say it wo n't 1 : i say it will 2 : throw out some half baked statistic that we have no means to verify or analyse 1 : those statistics are wrong because x y z , it 'll work 2 : it wo n't . 
  sad thing is he probably just got these clothes out of the discount bin at the local military surplus place . 
  also that angry soldier is definitely obese . 
  then killing it by saying `` overly '' . 
  fuck off cunt . 
  only an actual cunt could construct such a retarded statement . 
  sure , secretly people who say rare want medium rare they 're just trying to be hardcore . 
  it 's actually idiots who want medium steaks but want to say rare that 's led to this perversion called medium rare . 
  why is that british ? 
  medium rare does n't even real . 
  it 's a just a word made up by plebs who want to appear fancy by saying `` rare '' but actually want it medium because they gross out easily around blood . 
  steaks work like this . 
  bleu - blue, 
  \u00e0 point - medium ( now described as medium rare by this trend of stupidity ), 
  bien cuit - well done ( now described as medium by this trend of stupidity ), 
  trop cuit - overcooked ( now described as well done by this trend of stupidity ), 
  good chefs that deal with idiots know this and give you \u00e0 point steak when people ask for medium rare after they 're sick of having their 20th steak that week sent back for not being cooked enough in the customer 's opinion . 
  what it really should be is entre saignant et \u00e0 point , which is n't really a thing but if a chef gave most english speakers this then they 'd just say it was rare . 
  it 's gone so far now that people think \u00e0 point translates as medium rare when it used to be if you wanted that you simply asked for medium . 
  the only problem with this is that in the culinary unsophisticated parts of the world is causes a constant shift in meaning . 
  so now even if you ask for rare you 'll get \u00e0 point or maybe only slightly below it , so if you want truly rare steak ( saignant ) you have to ask for bleu . 
  also everyone has to start asking for medium rare when they actually want \u00e0 point because if you ask for medium the chef will probably think you want something approaching bien cuit . 
  probably because idiots who ask for medium and are given \u00e0 point then send it back for being remotely pink in the middle . 
  the whole steak measurement system has been ruined by the perceived sophistication of eating steaks rare whilst simultaneously being grossed out by uncooked meat and blood , and also by people who want burnt steaks . 
  it 's quite funny when tourists go to france though and actually get what they ask for and have to pretend to enjoy the steak they perceive as underdone .
