  if you think the firefighters expected to go into burning buildings with oxygen masks deserve more than those who do n't then that 's a separate matter , and the gender of the people able and expected to do that should n't matter at all . 
  obviously people who risk more should be compensated more than those that do n't risk and do n't provide some other more valuable contribution . 
  the solution is as simple as making hiring policies for those roles that require physical strength and fitness based on what a suitably fit able bodied man is capable of . 
  anyone , regardless of their gender , should meet those requirements in order to be allowed do the job . 
  if you want a more evenly gendered organisation , favour women for those roles that women are physically able to perform . 
  this does n't necessarily mean less valuable or less paid work , plenty of work that is n't so extremely physical in the services pays better than physical work , because it requires other rarer skills that women are just as capable of developing as men . 
  they 're not even trying to mug you off . 
  that 's just the price . 
  most dealers are paying # 6 a gram , if you 're a weed taxi , or someone who sells to a lot of people and takes that risk then it 's barely worth your time/petrol to make less than # 4 on each gram . 
  in the early 2000s an 3.5 g cost 20 but dealers were readily buying it for less than # 4 a gram . 
  like a said , # 4000 a kilo was considered steep in those days . 
  # 3500 was more normal . 
  these days # 4000 is considered incredibly cheap , and 5000-6000 is more usual . 
   reducing the impact of the eu to the four freedoms would be my ideal solution . 
  i do n't know what that 's supposed to mean . 
  i 'm pretty sure that to keep free market access will need to keep the four freedoms , it 's not something you can half do . 
  to be fair , in a lot of places an `` 8th '' colloquially meaning `` a # 20 bag '' is just the standard , there 's nothing really deceptive about that . 
  a lot of kids these days do n't even seem to know that 8th once meant 1/8th of an ounce , and i 've know people in their late 20s that never realised teenth was slang for 1/16 for an ounce . 
  the names have stuck around despite that fact that everything is weighed in metric , and large amounts are bought and sold in metric . 
  they 're not trying to mug you off if it 's miscommunication , the result of increasing metrication . 
  i imagine with a lot of weed dealers you 'd need to say `` a real 8th '' , at which point you 'd either tell you the price is # 35 or more likely that they do n't bag up 8ths but they can do you 4 grams for # 40 . 
  furthermore , when i lived in the uk and smoked weed regularly it was becoming much more common for people to simply ask for `` a 20 '' or `` a 40 '' , with the number referring to the price they wanted to pay and not the weight . 
  i remember back in the day a gram of coke was expected to weigh 0.8 , and some dealers even had the audacity to include the wrap/bag in that calculation . 
  you probably wo n't succeed at aggressive skating if you take the mentality that you have to constantly push yourself by trying to increase your trick repertoire and do stuff that you 're uncomfortable with . 
  if you 're constantly failing and injuring yourself then most people would n't describe that as a fun experience . 
  i 've known some kids get into skating with this suicidal approach , they 've gone from learning to drop in to throwing themselves at rails and ledges within just a few hours in the park . 
  however , this certainly works better with a 13 year old 's body weight and supple bones . 
  most adults would break something or at least injure themselves to the point where they 'd have to end the session if they tried that . 
  my advice is not to go to skateparks without the intention of pushing yourself out of your comfort zone too hard . 
  practise what you 're comfortable with until you can do it in your sleep . 
  it 's not a competition to see who can advance the most each session . 
  if you practise that you 're comfortable with you 'll find that you naturally start to go outside your limits anyway , and your mind 's natural creativity with see ways that it can use its existing skills in ways it has n't before . 
  for example , once you 're really comfortable with big ramps you find that small airs come naturally , once you 're comfortable with small airs you 'll find those airs naturally getting bigger . 
  once you 're comfortable with stalls on ramps you 'll find yourself doing small grinds instead , with time those small grinds will become bigger grinds . 
  with rails and ledges you need to same approach . 
  start with low ledges and rails , with time you 'll find larger ledges and rails seem less intimidating . 
  when it comes to bowls , start small , find a small 5ft bowl or even a 4ft mini-ramp , this is where you really have opportunity to master technical skills without too much fear of injury . 
  once you master a trick here then it 's a much easier transition to doing the same trick on a bigger bowl or ramp . 
  sounds like you 're ruining your fun at the skatepark by putting to much pressure in yourself to perform tricks you 're not comfortable with . 
  this almost never works . 
  it 's far simpler just to go to the skatepark to enjoy yourself , once upon a time i was quite a competent park skater . 
  that 's not to say i was a pro pulling off mad tricks , i barely used any grinds other than souls and miszus , merely that because i spent time there having fun it became second nature for me to navigate the park and fly around creating runs without thinking about it . 
  drop in , air the fun box , backside stall on the ramp at the side of the park , drop in , soul grind the fun box ledge , backside stall to fakie jump in back where i started , 180 , over the spine , hit the jump box . 
  this kind of thing . 
  i got that way not because i constantly pressured myself to do more , but because i simply enjoyed the feel of skating the park , and naturally tried to vary my runs with time as i grew more comfortable . 
  do something you enjoy and you 'll improve naturally . 
  pressure yourself and you 'll stop enjoying it , and you 'll stop improving because eventually you 'll stop doing it . 
  you do n't become a chess grand master by constantly trying to beat programmes on grand master setting , you become a chess master by competing against low skilled opponents , learning to beat them , acquiring a love for the game , and then naturally progress further until you are a grand master yourself . 
  you ca n't get to the top level unless you acquire the love for the game first that will motivate you to keep playing , and it sounds to me as if you 're not experiencing that love right now . 
  in my experience you asked for a quarter you 're liable to be handed two 20 bags ( 4g ) at 20 quid each . 
  you 'd need to ask for a real quarter to get 7g . 
  half oz you 're liable to pay 120-140 quid . 
  oddly enough , half an oz always means an actual half an oz in my experience , and never means 4 20 bags for 80 quid . 
  that 's to say , teenth , eighth , quarter , all get used as colloquialisms to mean # 10 . 
  # 20 , and # 40 respectively , but beyond that weights go back to meaning what they actually mean . 
  there is probably a reason for that , probably to do with that fact that you 're getting out of the range of customer quantities and getting a bit more serious . 
  nobody wants someone to turn up with # 80 to buy something worth 120-140 , and nobody wants to pay 120-140 for 8g . 
  another to note is that most street dealers do n't scale their product like dealer 's dealer would . 
  this is how these guys make their money . 
  if you give them 140 quid they 'll give you 7 bags of 2g each , the best i 've known these types do is knock a fiver off if you buy 5 bags or chuck in a joint or so extra if you buy more ( probably at the expense of a few other poor saps 20 bags ) . 
  this is simply because how these guys operate . 
  they do n't bag up specifically for each customer , but chuck 20-30 2g bags in their car at the start of the day and go back to base when they need more . 
  i grew up near birmingham , and there was never a shortage of these `` weed taxi '' operations . 
  for the most they were incredibly reliable ( operating virtually 365 days a year , excluding stuff like eid , christmas , and new years , and available between the hours of about 2pm and 11pm ) . 
  almost entirely run by asians , they mostly sold to students , suburban white boys , and in their own communities to avoid getting robbed ( which is another reason why they do n't sell or carry large amounts ) , if you asked them from more than a couple bag and they do n't know you then they might tell you it ca n't be done simply because they know there 's a chance you might try a snatch and run type manoeuvre ( which is way more common than a proper tooled up robbery on these guys since risking a few years in prison over 10 2g bags is fucking stupid ) . 
  i 've know 13 year old scally kids try to rob a dealer with fake money only to call them up 24 hours later and expect them to come back for a regular sale , simply because they are dumb and do n't understand actions have consequences . 
  obviously , if you 're mates with a dealer , buying from a friend , or dealing with serious people who deal serious quantities then the rules are completely different , but in my experience this is what i would consider standard for street dealers these days . 
  ultimately it all comes down to economics , often these weed taxi drivers are n't even working for themselves , but are just being paid a commission on selling to someone else . 
  sometimes all they 're getting is use of the car , petty money , and maybe 80 quid a day for a full day 's work , but if you 're unemployed / illegal that is probably more attractive than the alternative . 
  meanwhile they 're bringing in a few hundred quid a day for whoever is pulling the strings . 
  that depends entirely the on the operational dynamics . 
  sure , you do n't bring along a firefighter whose only skill is driving , that would be massively inefficient since when they arrive they 'll have nothing to do but sit around and watch . 
  however , at the same time , i ca n't imagine a situation where of a team of 8 firefighters all 8 of them would need to run into the building with axes and start smashing the place up to rescue people . 
  doing so would be frankly irresponsible , since nobody would be outside telling them if the building is collapsing or the fire is spreading . 
  you 're still going to need people to man the hoses from the outside , you 're still going someone to coordinate the operation from outside . 
  of a team of 8 there will be a variety of different roles that are necessary . 
  consequently you can fit your female staff around this operational structure , a structure that would exist regardless of whether the fire service were entirely male or not . 
  if a female firefighter is trained in driving , radio operation , and hosing , then they are a useful member for the team that will always have something they can do that is necessary . 
  if that member of the team were a man then they would also have that same skill set , so it does n't make any difference as you 're always going to need that person on the outside . 
  firefighting is probably the most extreme example , because the work is so heavily physical , but certainly when it comes to other services like the military and police , it 's really not hard to find vital and important necessary roles that women are capable of , and to give that work mostly to women , while ensuring that only men and women with physical abilities equivalent to a man are given those jobs that require serious physical strength . 
  the reality is that men are almost universally stronger than women . 
  a below average man is about as strong as an above average woman , but there always exceptions . 
  there is no need for crude solutions such as paying women less or excluding them entirely from these jobs . 
  it just requires proper division of labour on the basis of ability , it also requires a hiring policy that takes into account the different skills/roles that the organisation needs and sets hiring requirements accordingly ( i.e if you 're hiring someone who a highly physical role then make sure the physical requirements are part of it ) . 
  the only real danger is when organisations allowed the desire to be equal opportunity employers take precedent over the needs of the service , when women are allowed to perform roles despite not reaching the standard a man would need to achieve . 
  i do n't think this happens most the time though . 
  look at the army , you 'll find plenty of women there doing vital and valuable work , but you 'll find very few women in elite combat divisions , and system like this works just fine . 
  the other , less severe , danger is that in a desire to be equal opportunities services inflate the number of non-physical roles in order to allow more women onto the force , essentially creating unnecessary busy work that women can do , so you end up with too many people trained in radio operations with little to do , at the expense of firefighters that can perform the highly physical roles . 
  however , i think if an organisation is aware of these pitfalls and works to avoid them , and does n't succumb to pressure from irrational and delusional radical feminists who wo n't even accept simple facts like a woman being less able to smash down a heavy door than a man , then it 's not a problem . 
  honestly , in my experience , the kind of street dealers are talking about are n't even buying it , they 're essentially just working for someone else . 
  i got to know a few of these guys after a few years around the scene ( i never dealt but was mates with dealers at the time and knew most of the local `` faces '' ) . 
  everyday after lunch they go to a house which acts as a base of operations . 
  this is n't the `` stash house '' but usually an intermediate where the weed arrives already bagged up in # 20 bags , 100-200 at a time . 
  they are given 20-30 bags ( no money changes hands ) , they turn their phones on and then are sent out to drive around selling . 
  every time they run out they return to base and get given another 20-30 . 
  they do this all day until about 10-11 pm , at which point they turn off their phone until tomorrow . 
  every time they go back to base to stock up they 're expected to hand over x amount of money per bag they took , this can be as much as # 18 a bag they 're expected to hand over , meaning if they sell 10 bags they 've only made # 20 for themselves . 
  however they can easily sell 100 bags a day , and take no financial risk to themselves , their only cost is covering the petrol they burn each day . 
  even if they get robbed typically whoever is in charge will let it slide unless he thinks it was their own fault . 
  when the base runs out bags they simply call the guy in charge who sends someone down from the stash house to top the base up .
