  a 4th generation korean american who exclusively speaks american english in a completely american accent , attends the local baptist church makes for far more diversity than say two tribes with completely different languages , religions , histories but happen to be of a similar hue . 
   the bold left your country a long time ago , and moved into ours . 
  and that 's why we are the way were are -- we are the sons and daughters of risk takers . 
  you are the sons and daughters of those too afraid to dip their feet into the water . 
  i 'm 1/18 irish and 12/17 bold, 
  `` hogging '' in on someone else 's national day ? 
  [ americans would never do that ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/3br74t/today_is_canada_day_heres_to_the_best_neighbor/ ), 
  you 're the only cunt round here pal, 
  i 'm surprised that you 've been rejected for unskilled because , frankly , the referencing for that is hardly thorough . 
  half the jobs on my cv are from companies that have folded , the other half may well have changed their address or even company name , nobody has ever asked any questions when i was taking on unskilled positions . 
  honestly if you apply to unskilled jobs and do n't mentioned firing , most are n't going to find that out . 
  all you need to give them is the company name and the address it 's based at , they 're the ones that have to go to the effort of researching phone numbers and getting in touch with the right person/department , most ca n't be arsed . 
  there 's a good chance you did n't get those jobs for some other reasons ( maybe you 're overselling yourself as a professional ) . 
  if i were you i 'd just keep doing that and do n't say you were fired , eventually you 'll land one , then you 'll at least have an income while you decide what to do long term . 
  you do realise that this is n't just a munich thing ? 
  so it 's not particularly strange for foreigners ? 
  username definitely does n't check out . 
  ok to be fair it used to be a perfectly acceptable thing in britain to have a ww2 themed party where half the people would dress as nazis and the others as various allied forces . 
  there were companies that would have hundreds of faux ww2 outfits purely for this purpose . 
  i remember that my school actually threw one of these parties for the parents in the 90s and the school 's faculty were dressed up as ss officers and stuff . 
  it was n't until photos of someone famous doing it emerged that it suddenly became taboo , rightly or wrongly . 
  i guess is the 80s and early 90s people just were n't that sensitive about the whole thing and just saw it as a bit of fun . 
  ah the ol' reddit [ fuck you frenchieoroo ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/todayilearned/comments/3c0zgl/til_of_erik_wolpaw_an_employee_at_valve_that_was/csrljil?context=2 ), 
  i would n't if i were you . 
  if you wore the st george 's flag ( english ) , everyone would think you were a bit of a racist or a football hoodlum type , i mean they would probably assume you were going to a party or on a stag night ( bachelor party to you septics ) as well , but it would be considered a naff choice . 
  if you wore the union jack people would think it was less racist but assume that you were going to a party or the proms of something like that because it 's just not normal . 
  if you just went out on the town like that and people saw you were n't british then there 's a chance you 'd get beaten up in reality . 
  i mean if you 're going to the kind of rough place where people do get beaten up , and you 're an outsider , it 's wise not to draw attention to yourself anyway . 
  as a foreigner people might think you were taking the piss . 
  would not recommend . 
  wow , your comment history manages to combined sjw posts , racism , sexism , and sleazy remarks , le epix trolle amirite ? 
  i still do n't understand how she 's become ceo of reddit . 
  she 's a lawyer to start with , a lawyer who was fired from her last job . 
  where is her background in tech and business ? 
  is reddit such a sinking ship that they could n't find anyway qualified to do the job ? 
  reddit seems to be run in a bizarre way . 
  just watch dragon ball z abridged , it 's way better if you 're not a big anime fan . 
  well then , start at the beginning and enjoy working your way through . 
  i watched a lot of the dragon ball series when i was a kid , but since i no longer watch anime i find it impossible to watch , the abridged one is still watchable for me because it 's so funny though . 
  i know that it 's a parody and people on here love calorie count . 
  but it 's still better to spread out your meals , eat a varied diet , and not take all your calories non-refined materials and count calories , rather than just calorie count . 
  you will feel less hungry , you will have more energy and generally be less inclined to eat shit quality food which means less heart disease and so forth , your body will use more energy to break down different materials . 
  the problem is with how fat logicians interpret these facts about a healthy lifestyle , and use them to excuse overeating , rather than simply believing it 's a good idea to eat unrefined food and spread out your daily intake . 
  i wish people on this forum would take more time to distinguish between legitimate health advice and medical facts that fat logicians abuse , and downright lies . 
  do n't go there man . 
  the problem with many people on this subreddit is that they just want to laugh at fat people rather than actually discuss nutrition . 
  the distinction between something being a fact that is being abused by fat people to excuse poor eating habits , and a falsehood has been lost . 
  therefore if some fact is commonly abused by fatties , then people here will religiously proclaim it 's a falsehood despite the evidence . 
  in reality people do have slightly different metabolism , eating less and more often does help with weight loss , drinking water more does help with dieting , and eating calories in different types of food is far healthier than merely counting calories alone . 
  the thing fat logicians do is think that these things excuse them from actually watching their intake vs output . 
  they think that because they eat salads ( smothered with dressings and cheese ) and because they spread out their meals , and because they drank 2.5 l of water today , this means they do n't need to watch their calorie intake , and use these things to excuse their secret snacking and that late night pizza and so on . 
  people here just want to make things seem super simple because it makes fat logicians look even more ridiculous . 
  questioning this dogma makes you an automatic fat logician yourself . 
  sadly this is just what happens around dumb people , they ca n't understand nuance . 
  the real reason your family members got away with that is because they were probably very active , and their bodies burnt calories with growth , puberty can do that . 
  there is some natural variation between people in terms of metabolism , just not as much as the fat logicians want to make out , nothing that would excuse more than say 10 pounds variation in weight between healthy people . 
  what fat logicians do is make out like this variation could make the difference between 150 pounds and 300 pounds , which is the real falsehood . 
  your family members probably did other things that helped them out , were active , good overall nutrition , did n't drink so many calories , did n't snack and so on . 
  vomitoriums were actually the entrances to coliseums afaik , because they expelled people into the stadium . 
  personally i just think reddit is moving in the wrong direction . 
  for example i thought that massive shadow banning that occurred around gamergate incident was appalling . 
  also the banning of subreddits was totally hypocritical and stupid . 
  also while mod issues may not affect me , i have a lot of respect for the mods who do all the work to make the site function without being paid , more respect that i have for the admins who are paid for their time . 
  it feels like management is trying to guide reddit too much . 
  i despise the culture around web start ups in the us . 
  it does n't remotely reflect the rest of the world . 
  seems to me like a pseudo progressive agenda . 
  hiring pao just seems indicative of this crony culture out there , she 's not qualified for the job , but she 's high profile , litigious and ticks some boxes . 
  reddit management seems to be all about trying to make reddit be perceived a certain way , rather than simply giving people what they want . 
  for example , the tech industry being called a boys club is a big issue right now , there everything is being done to try and make it seem like it 's not . 
  all these politicised agendas are sapping what is truly good about stuff . 
  yeah i think that has a lot to do with it . 
  they want reddit to be seen as having more mainstream potential so a potential buyer can see it as a better investment . 
  if people here hold unpopular opinions then it makes reddit look more niche and only open a limited demographic . 
  i know some sjwish types in real life and they all think reddit is a bastion of young white male privilege , full of mra neckbeards . 
  i always try to explain to them that the demographic is mostly pretty moderate in its opinions , just like there are very few radical feminists in the world , there are very few hardcore mras . 
  of course in their opinion saying something like `` well i 'm not a big fan of feminism '' is the equivalent to saying `` i 'm a shitlord who loves hitler '' . 
  i think reddit actually reflects the average opinion quite well , and i like the cynicism people have towards extreme positions . 
  sadly i think in this world of hysteria this is n't very saleable they want reddit to reflect the outlook and politics are being held up as ideal by the few rather than the reality of what people think , thus we are subject to censorship . 
  that seems like somewhat of a truism . 
  of course they picked her because they thought she 'd steer the website into better stock value . 
  however the question is the logic they 've applied , and whether that will really happen . 
  personally i think it 's myopic . 
  if they want to see real returns they need to take the site in a direction that will please users , rather than please the outside world looking in at reddit . 
  giving users what they want and seeing the value of reddit increase are not at odds with each other . 
  pao 's actions seem to be about protecting reddit as an asset despite the users , which may well backfire on them . 
  so the video maker found a place called andy 's candyland that was a sort of unofficial youth programme , a place where kids could go for the day and play games , get something to eat , do some activities and so on . 
  it did n't have any public funding and was paid for by one guy . 
  the video maker was making a video to publicise the cause when that same day there was a gang shooting nearby . 
  later that evening the owner of andy 's candyland invited all the local thugs there to discuss what had happened and work out how to make the place safer . 
  the police found out and busted up the building , taking any money they found , smashing doors , all without a warrant and without making any arrests . 
  later the police return whilst the video maker is there , they act threateningly and tell him to put away the camera , he does but leaves it recording and the police say they 'd gladly put bullets in all the people who were previously there . 
  the police then tell the landlord of andy 's candyland about the incident , forcing an eviction from the premises and the owners leave . 
  edit : fuck the people downvoting you man , shit heads do n't seem to understand what it 's like to watch something like this in a language other than your native one . 
  they 're probably the same cunts who ask for a translation whenever there 's an aussie or scottish person speaking . 
  well it 's certainly in the something fat people should do column, 
  try learning english !, 
  yeah i 've already finished it :p, 
  no rammstein , not [ these guys ] ( http://www.theglamnationnetwork.com/uploads/1/3/1/2/13123626/2732082_orig.jpg ), 
  the british are rubbish *,
