  i 'll think from the perspective of an individual and his or her relationship to the state the nhs is much healthier , as under the bismarck system the unemployed or economically inactive are basically forced into dependence on the state . 
  whether you think the bismarck system a good thing , fewer economically inactive people ( neets ) + fewer illegal workers outside the system , or a bad thing , people pushed into dependence on the state + more incentives for benefit fraud , depends on your own morality . 
  and the housing market collapse was a great opportunity to buy a house too if you 'd shorted mortgage bonds before it happened or at least put all your money into gold . 
  see how ridiculous that is ? 
  stop talking utter shit . 
  fella strikes me as quite british , no mates , lads , or chaps in the us though . 
  for europe , you 'll want a celta . 
  you 'll also want a good grade ( a `` b '' or `` a '' ) on that celta . 
  oh come on , i 've taught in europe and nobody has ever even asked me what my grade was . 
  sorry i know nothing of south korea so ca n't help you there , celta is a great course but i do n't know if it 's a necessity in korea , do n't think so , a university degree is a must though , and you have it . 
  if you 're lucky to live in a major urban hub and are travelling to another urban hub then the uk is fine . 
  virgin trains can get your from london to manchester in a bit over 2 hours , london to birmingham in about an hour and 1/4 . 
  no quite as fast as the german ice or fast french trains , but pretty damn fast . 
  with hs2 travelling north to south in this country is going to get even faster . 
  london to birmingham in less than an hour , which a considerable distance ( 120 miles i believe ) , so that will be on par with the best french and german trains . 
  yes , in the uk regional trains are slow , but that 's the same everywhere , including france and germany . 
  there 's no point in regional services going fast because they have to stop far more often . 
  the problem is in the uk that much of country does n't have proper high speed train connections , which means if you 're coming from the south west or north east something then it 's a slow trek to get somewhere relevant . 
  the problem with the uk is that economic activity is highly concentrated in london , the west midlands , and the nw conurbation , unlike a country like germany where you have many equally large moderately big cities spread all over the country , you have just a few concentrated areas , you also do n't have borders for international connections , so there 's no incentive to build any infrastructure around the edges of the country . 
  anyway there 's no point calling the uk train system crap , when it 's only crap compared to countries like france , germany , and japan . 
  compared to the vast majority of the world it 's top notch . 
  also you should thank the victorians for putting in many of the railway lines , they were much more egalitarian , trying to make the whole country accessible . 
  if it were being managed by the tories today i imagine all you 'd pay for are lines running in and out of london , linking cities when they can but not really caring if they do n't . 
  are they though ? 
  a round trip from like frankfurt to d\u00fcsseldorf can end up costing like $ 45 , a similar trip from birmingham to london costs about # 33 . 
  since the change in currency that 's even cheaper . 
  the only difference in much of europe is that prices are standardised and the cost is shared across the network , whereas in the uk cheap journey is more open to market forces . 
  exactly , which is why i 'm wondering why op found it so bad in germany . 
  typically i would think it 's much easier to receive therapy in germany , because instead of being on a waiting list for months just for a paltry once a month visit , they 'd pay for private therapist for you and you 'll get in there straight away . 
  for # 33 you get a fast train that 's relatively pleasant inside that 'll take you 120 miles in an hour and 15-20 . 
  pretty sure you can also get a seat reserved if you book ahead too . 
  the problem in the uk is that there 's no financial incentive to improve infrastructure on the outskirts of the country . 
  it 's just a downside of being an island . 
  if the uk were a landlocked country they 'd be more incentive to build around the edges . 
  yeah why do n't we wait for britain to actually do something before we start mouthing off about how brexit did n't affect the economy . 
  currency markets falls wo n't stop growth overnight , right now all we have is speculation on brexit , you do realise that real impact will be felt when the regulatory environment changes due to brexit ? 
  i 'll also add that the boe has ramped up qe to keep capital inflows strong , so much for balancing the deficit . 
  i thought tories were meant to care about stuff like how much their savings are worth . 
  with the new inflationary predictions you 're going to be at least 8 % worse off in 5 years time . 
  i 'm sick of economically illiterates pretending that ever bit of positive sounding news is proof we 're in the clear . 
  brexit has n't even happened , and there 's lots of foreboding economic signs out there : weak pound , historically low interest rates , weakness in the ftse 250 , ramping up of qe to create compensatory capital . 
  this is just foreplay though , bracing the uk for a potential future hit . 
  actually although you 're registered at a gp you 're not necessary de facto entitled to free care in the uk because you have n't been ordinary resident in the uk . 
  theoretically you could be charged for anything you receive right now . 
  thankfully , the nhs is n't too hot on actually enforcing these rules , especially with british nationals . 
  if you were romanian you might be getting quizzed about how long you 've resided in the uk and whether you 've gone there with the intention of receiving healthcare . 
  i would n't mention that receiving care was a factor in your moving back to the uk if anyone asks . 
  in germany it 's the opposite , you 're technically covered from the moment you sign the anmeldung formular ( and prior to that you 're covered by ehic ) , it 's just with that coverage comes with the financial obligation to pay for it , and if you do n't pay now you 'll probably pay for it later ( although that said i know many people with hi gaps in germany , and as long as you do n't tell them generally they wo n't come sniffing you out ) . 
  i had to prove i who my insurance provider was in the uk , that was the most difficult thing because everyone is insured by default . 
  ergh , this is such a clich\u00e9 . 
  let me guess , you walked into aok with your passport and ehic card and the semi-comatosed incompetent behind the desk did n't know what to do and fobbed you off by saying your needed and e11 formular as proof of previous insurance in the uk . 
  this happens to so many britons it 's untrue , but it 's based on a system that has n't been in use for many years . 
  ( might 've been when you arrived depending on when that was ) . 
  actually you do n't need to prove your insurance status to get insurance in germany , to obtain voluntary public health insurance as a self-employed individual , all you need is an anmeldung best\u00e4tigung , ehic card , and a british passport , then you 'll probably be asked to pay back any months you 've missed since you registered yourself as resident and the time the policy begins . 
  why on earth did n't you go to an insurance broker within your first few months of arriving ? 
  they can get you on the public insurance with a few clicks and a copy of your ehic , passport and anmeldung . 
  the one i went to was nice enough to even help me fill in the form , and it cost me precisely nothing because the insurer pays the broker 's commission for recommending their company . 
  `` in the us '' being the operative part of the sentence . 
  why yes i am . 
  it never hurts to have an a or b celta pass but it 's really just a bonus , it 's the last thing on employers minds really . 
  the irony is that these days it would n't be that hard to find a scotsman who 'd do anything for a litre of wine . 
  just another reason why britain should n't leave the eu . 
  it 's funny when you realise that a big part of why scotland agreed to unite with england was because england was doing well off all these new fangled colony things , and scotland 's attempts to get colonies of their own all failed so in the end they thought if you ca n't beat them then you might as well join them . 
  yeah i was going to say . 
  the actually study probably does n't say that low calorie diets are an ineffective means to lose weight . 
  it 's probably saying that putting obese people onto low calorie diets is an highly ineffective way of getting them to lose weight . 
  the effectiveness has got to be very low whereas the effectiveness of a gastric bad is much higher . 
  i 've found my life situation effects my weight the most which is quite fucked really , miserable winter full of work stress , probably bloat up to 220lb , nice summer socialising and in a relationship , drop down to sub 200lb . 
  show you how much weight is tied to mental well being . 
  truth is when you 've got other good things going on then you just do n't eat as much ( and drink as much too ) . 
  when you 're having a shitty time it 's much easier over find comfort in food and alcohol . 
  also when you 're happy you feel more energetic and are more likely to exercise often , and you 're also more active , spending more time out the house doing things that burn calories . 
  depressed people are sedentary and indulgent ( even though they get little out of it ) , whereas well adjusted people are active and moderate . 
  simple as that . 
  you can see why obesity is hard to get out of , because most of these people are n't just fat , they 're depressed . 
  then you get the nutters like this woman who rather than be depressed chooses to be angry and crazy . 
  ultimately it 's probably just her way of dealing with her own self-loathing . 
  because your pumpkin is a representation of adam in the garden of eden , and naturally he would n't have a belly button because he was conceived of clay by god after he made the world out of nothing 5000 years ago . 
  i have understood your point , what you have n't understood is you 're making an awful lot of assumptions . 
  assumptions such as the landlord having a mortgage and not simply owning the property outright . 
  nor are you considering the fact that house repairs are somewhat random , and your landlord might have been lucky or simply not be that prudent . 
  furthermore if your rent goes up , you can just leave and move on , so he no way to pass future costs he has n't banked on ( or was unable to cover because the market would 've made the place impossible to rent ), 
  if you think the video is stupid then you 're a fool . 
  the point is n't that renting is better than owning , the point is that mortgages have a lot of hidden costs people do n't think about and renting has advantages in that you avoid those costs and you do n't expose yourself the future costs you might invoke , moving , home repairs etc. 
  with mortgage if you 're prudent you should putting away money every month to protect yourself against those costs , in the form of insurances and emergency savings , the renter is free to invest that money far more effectively . 
  none of that excuses you from doing the maths and working out what your own situation is with your housing market , with your rental market , and with your investment options . 
  it 's simply making the point that mortgages are n't only way to go , it 's `` free money '' as some people seem to think , paying into a mortgage you 're not simply paying money into a savings account you can live in , you 're still paying for the luxury of it , and opening yourself to costs . 
  most people do n't even account for inflation when thinking about how much they actually profited from their homes . 
  it 's like those baby boomers who get a cold dose of reality when they realise that being a `` millionaire '' is n't all that it used to be , especially if that million is wrapped up in an asset like a property that you 're living in . 
  bear in mind that a landlocked nation will always be disadvantaged when it comes to cross nation transport . 
  you can have a train running through karlsruhe because on the other side you can get to lyon . 
  does n't really work for somewhere like plymouth . 
  so she waited 12 months and got good treatment , whereas in germany she could 've been seen within weeks . 
  is that worth it ? 
  i 'm not so sure . 
   the video 's is based on the ( mostly bogus ) assumption that the rent will be significantly lower than homeowner 's average costs !, 
  it 's not bogus at all . 
  you 're assuming that every person renting a flat is paying off a mortgage on that property too . 
  in fact the market dictates rental costs . 
   any random costs average out over the time spans we 're talking about ( 25 years ) , if a homeowner/landlord is really concerned about these things they can buy insurance ( but if they can afford to self-insure they should ) .
