  that said i remember even in tbc it took a massive raid of 40 raiders to clear naxx and a fair bit of coordination . 
  i also liked it when people were at different stages in the game , i remember when i was raiding sunwell there were some casual guilds who were starting to step into places like ssc and tk as they 'd been farming karazhan for ever and were getting buffed by the new loot that came with that expansion in magister 's terrace and badges . 
  the progression element was what kept me raiding in the end , and when it went i just stopped caring . 
  that was more dramatic but still i understood maybe 3 words xd, 
  all the people i 've met like that have been smug fucks who pretend to be cool with stuff then judge people behind their backs . 
  scotland will free itself by the ballot !, 
  because everyone know a country in which the majority of people wish to remain british needs some freedom !, 
   end up with ridiculous hospital bill ... 
  comments like this remind there are places where people pay for doctors . 
  americans are so incredibly irrational about it . 
  i wrote something to the effect of , there 's probably not enough evidence to convict her but you 've got to admit her behaviour after the incident was pretty damn weird , cue 100 downvotes and endless spam about how italy was a third world country with kangaroo courts . 
  no hagrid i 'm just harry ... 
  i know many did , but the people who did n't won over . 
  i mean the whole of canada stayed loyal did n't it . 
  it just ties into the american persecution complex perfectly . 
  the way patriotic americans see it that the italian authorities and public are just dying to have the opportunity to convict an american as if their country were on par with america . 
  italy is nothing more than a tin pot state desperate to get on over on the world superpower and feel better about their own poverty and immorality by suggesting an american citizen could be guilty of such behaviour . 
  if i had to guess she did used to be a teacher and does have a degree and master , but then developed a mental illness meaning she was let go from her job . 
  being mentally ill she does n't understand what happened and has constructed an alternative reality to explain the loss of her old life . 
  one in which she is n't actually mentally ill and it 's all a conspiracy to get rid of her because she was n't sexually active like the other teachers at the school . 
  you seem to be demonstrating intelligence below the mason dixon line right now . 
  either the whole thing is a fabrication of her imagination or , more likely , she used to be a teacher years ago and then developed a mental illness . 
  that 's the thing you know , mental illness can strike at any point in ones life , just because she 's like this now does n't mean she was n't completely normal at another point . 
  i 'm amazed by how this is sold , like just sold like normal , not even one of those food challenges where you eat for free and get a t shirt if you finish it . 
  america always strives to push the limits , in my part of europe we still think a burger with two patties is a bit excessive , and when i was a kid putting both ketchup and mustard on a hotdog was extreme , nevermind chilli , cheese , guacamole and whatever else the fuck you can get on a hot dog these days . 
  old copypasta is old ... 
  in my part of the world a faggot is a type of food , mainly eaten along with gravy and peas . 
  are we all dick van dyke now ? 
  the woman at the end sounds like dorothy from the wizard of oz to me . 
  lol at `` pure '' ... 
  you realise only a small number of british people glottal stop their - t 's , it 's a feature of london accents and accents from around london . 
  i did n't mind frodo 's accent . 
  it 's good enough to be passable . 
  now tyrion from game of throne 's , that 's a perfect example of a british accent that is funky as hell , it just sounds a bit silly to me . 
  phonetically all over the place . 
  for example most the british actors say westeros with the `` ros '' part sounding like how we would pronounce `` ross '' in the uk . 
  however tyrion will say it with the vowel of `` show '' every time which makes him sound a bit hilarious . 
  yeah the british one is one the moon because someone put it on some of the equipment that was made in britain for the moon lander and left there , while the american one is no longer on the moon because the flag turned white due to radiation . 
  there are actually guides written by lotto winners for people who win the lottery . 
  how to stop it ruining your life and such . 
  it 's amazing how it can easily tear families apart and leave people unhappy . 
  i think one thing people are meant to do is make trusts for family members rather than give them a lump sum , there are tonnes of cases where whole families have actually turned against the winner because they 've handed out money which the family has then blown through thinking they 're entitled to more later and then found that naturally the winner saw it as a one off kind of deal . 
  if the family all feel the same they can try to use collective pressure to change their mind which leads to dispute . 
  another common problem is family members coming up with ridiculous business ideas and expecting you to invest heavily , it 's much easier to turn against a rich family member who stingily wo n't invest in your `` amazing '' business rather than someone who simply wo n't hand out cash for nothing . 
  you 're meant to get that money locked up in sound investments and property and stuff soon as possible since people who are heavily liquid tend to be targets for all kinds of shit . 
  another thing is do n't give large sums of cash to people who are in anyway unstable , since drug ods are also a thing that happens to lotto winners and their immediate family at a much higher rate than ordinary people . 
  having so much money if kind of a burden in a way . 
  it sets you apart from your peers and isolates you in a way . 
  it can have a very bad effect on people who are n't used to it . 
  yeah they all advise keeping it quiet as possible . 
  in the uk the law allows winners the choice of whether it will be made public that you won . 
  someone electing to go public with is usually the telltale sign that they 're an idiot since people will immediately come round with their hands out . 
  you 've pretty much hit on the reason why charities exist , it 's much easier to give a few million to a charity than actually deal with the heartbreak of trying to help each person individually . 
  people do n't like to think that money changes people but it definitely does . 
  resentment grows easily with someone who wins their money , people feel less bad about asking for hand outs since it was n't earned , what right do you have to be stingy when it was luck that brought you it and so forth . 
  lol that 's dark man . 
  lol corporate awkwardness, 
  well that 's what they say not to do , because while some people will understand that that 's the end of it and behave accordingly , five years down the line they might be broke and start harbouring resentment towards you when they know they could help them out and it 's only the principle that prevents it . 
  saying `` and that 's your lot '' is a rule you 've created and must enforce , and by becoming the enforcer and creator of the rule then you become that bad guy and that can actually drive people away . 
  that 's why it 's better to set up a trust , because you 've provided someone with an additional income for life , it 's a gift that keeps giving even if it only gets them an extra 20 grand a year . 
  you can set the terms of the trust , for example they can access the interest +2 % of the total every year until they are 65 or something . 
  if you just straight up give someone a million there 's a good chance they 'll start thinking they 're rich and spending lavishly , then when it runs out they 'll come back with their hands open . 
  there 's definitely somewhat of a `` millionaire '' effect , whereby people get enough money to call themselves millionaires and start thinking they no longer need to worry about money . 
  i 've seen it happen to a friends family when the dad sold his company , everyone in the family suddenly started to act like money was no object and it only took 3 years until they were basically broke asides from the property they 'd invested in ( and even that they 'd overpaid for because they `` simply had to have '' what they wanted ) . 
  thing is when you are poor a few million seems like such a large amount of money , but when people get rich they often develop expensive tastes . 
  instead of the regular family holiday to majorca they 're flying out to saint tropez for weekends , spending weeks in the bahamas , trying to keep up with the people they meet there who are an entirely different tier of rich , flying first class , overpaying for everything because they 're not checking the bills , suddenly they realise that they 're not earning and might live another 20 years , and all they 've got is their house and furniture and few hundred k in the bank , often they 're too ashamed to admit the problem and will end up flat broke , or they 'll have to an embarrassing back step and actually live quite modestly if they expect what they have left to last them into old age . 
  yeah but there 's ways to do it to make it less likely that people will turn on you . 
  sure it 's fine to say , oh yeah fuck the hangers on . 
  the fair weather friends who show up and suddenly expect to party on your money . 
  the bigger problem is the people your closest to , the siblings , cousins , aunts and uncles , and the old friends you 've know for years . 
  it 's surprising how these people might turn on you over the years if you are loaded , if you give them a trust you can always turn around and say `` i know you 're looked after because the trust i gave is giving you the equivalent of a livable wage every year '' , give them a lump sum and they may well be broke and pleading poverty a few years down the line . 
  it should n't make a difference logically , but psychologically it goes a long way towards keeping people off your back and making you seem like less of a hate figure when you 're enjoying the lifestyle of someone with 200 million and they 're back in the regular world of shitty jobs and cheap housing . 
  seems unethical to me to force someone to go public , if they choose to then on their head be it . 
  what if someone who is particularly vulnerable wins , they 're going to be a target for every scammer and con man in a 300 mile radius . 
  pretty sure there are ways of verifying facts like that that do n't require putting someone 's name in the public domain . 
  jesus , does he have a special toilet ? 
  those turds must be like cabers ( another sporting event i imagine he 'd excel in . ), 
  that 's why we 're so cool with colonising everywhere else , we 're indigenous to everywhere !, 
  tjant and chant are not pronounced the same though . 
  it 's like the difference between dune and june , and tune and choon , ( said how most british people would pronounce them ) there 's a subtle difference . 
  i do n't like something therefore it must be stopped !, 
  this is one from reddit but i think there are also books written on it . 
  i do n't think you logic well . 
  it 's not stupid , only you think that . 
  if you do n't like it do n't click the fucking link . 
  i saw a documentary on how unsafe europe is , i 've forgotten what it 's called but it starred liam neeson . 
  k mate . 
  i do n't think you understand the concept of reddit 's voting system , unless you are suggesting that reddit is primarily used by 14 year old kids and autistic people . 
  i think you 'll find this video does n't appeal to two types of people , 1 ) people who do n't like grade 's style of humour 2 ) butthurt neckbeards devoid of humour who like to post whiny shitposts about how they do n't get it on his videos rather than simply skipping over the link . 
  you obviously fall into the latter category . 
   ( ip nuke time ) listen man , i hope you get cancer and it eats away half your face before being miraculously cured so you have to live out your days in the most disfigured state the world has ever seen . 
  i hope the very sight of you scares everyone but your dearest family away . 
  and even they are careful not to eat before dressing your wounds . 
  you 'll probably go 4 or 5 months before you get the courage to look in the mirror with your remaining good eye . 
  i hope that eventually you decide to jump off a big building because fuck it , look at your face man you are ugly . 
  calls other people 14, 
   look at my post history , i dont particioate , or waste my time at all arguing with dickheads like you . 
  i just lurk . 
  woah we 've got a badass over here . 
   it happpens to be that the only reason why i even made an account was to call out this idiots stupid ass videos that for the life of me i could not understand why they made it to the first page,
