  i would feel as if my life would be considerably poorer for never having gone to the theatre or cinema . 
  seems almost masochistic to not partake . 
  seen in it europe plenty , nobody gave a shit . 
  that 's irrelevant , i know as a native level speaker living where i do without using any qualifications i could find work within a few weeks . 
  op is in the same boat as this . 
  looking for graduate position would if anything take longer . 
  what names would they be ? 
  are you even reading my post ? 
  i do n't know your situation so i ca n't speak for you . 
  all i can say in my experience as a native english speaker that minimum wage work has n't been all that impossible to find lately . 
  your projection of my delusion and `` name calling '' is the only thing i find psychologically disturbing . 
  i have made my own way in life , maybe you find it so hard because you 've some type of persecution complex that leads you to hallucinate instances of `` name-calling '' ... 
  bang bus : plymouth rock edition , why is that a woman with uncovered hair ? 
  how obscene !, 
  yes `` irrefutably '' quite clearly ? 
  i 'm such a liar and deceiver , what the fuck are you on mate ? 
  i would stop smoking it whatever it is . 
  i would n't give you a job , you 're weird ... 
  yes ? 
  yes ? 
  you 're a very strange person are n't you ? 
  no true scot wears boxers beneath their kilt !, 
  i 'm not your friend , mate !, 
  and by bang you mean collision ? 
  i do n't understand a bang is usually a noise ... 
  heard this but it was about the welsh, 
  whoops, 
  just wanted to see what you 'd come back with :(, 
  maybe if you got samuel l. jackson to do it yeh . 
  this is a bit stupid if you ask me . 
  you may as well offer a million for whoever can disprove it will rain 3 months from now . 
  reddit rarely seems to understand that there 's a limit to induction as a method , there 's a good reason why we can predict and study things much easier in controlled environment than events on a global scale or larger . 
  nothing better than grossly out of date topical humour . 
  [ trolling is an art ] ( http://x1.fjcdn.com/comments/4850888+_ff551b810ab82ecd7b60b63c47f2a00c.jpg ), 
  do n't forget buying up all the housing when a mortgage on decent sized property could be paid off with a average paying job within 5-10 years , then smugly sitting back comfortably as that property value skyrockets whilst simultaneously wondering why your children 's generations do n't have the outward signs of success you do and berating them for it . 
  and i thought that was just my gym . 
  for god 's sake is it that hard to put a towel around yourself , and for christ 's sake the order for getting dressed is underwear , jeans , shirt , nobody wants to see an old man putting his tie on in front of a mirror with his cock hanging out . 
  the one that pisses me off the most is having an apocalyptic attitude towards the future . 
  stating how everything was better in their day and putting change for the worse down to younger generations and their attitude rather than the choices their own generation made in the past . 
  i had one group tell me how i was probably going to die by the time i was middle aged since apparently by then no antibiotics will work anymore and we 'll all have cancer from wireless internet and mobile phones . 
  this pissed me right off and when i contradicted them saying that scientists estimate that the average life span is going to continue growing , even that the first person in whom they could stop the aging process entirely could be alive today , as well as stating there is no evidence for mobile phones and wifi causing cancer , of course they simply dismissed it as na\u00efvet\u00e9 . 
  as if their opinion was somehow an `` expert '' one when they have no relevant qualifications on the matter . 
  it struck me that this generation were truly the first and most egotistical `` youth '' generation , who believed through their `` rebellion '' and less conservative ideas were going to change the world towards utopia , and when this never happened they grew bitter and materialist , feeling the need to be doomsayers and belittle younger generations for usurping them as if this were the reason things never worked out as they hoped it would . 
  ironically they often place the blame on technology , when in truth this was primary driving force for any increase in the overall quality of life during their adult life spans , it certainly was n't economic . 
  the copenhagen interpretation of quantum mechanics ... because fuck that shit that 's why !, 
  most other religions are at least ancient beliefs that were held by people well before the modern era . 
  is anyone meant to take a religion that suggests god intervened in the world less than 10 generations ago seriously ? 
  you sir are talking complete nonsense . 
  football and gridiron are completely different skill sets . 
  moreover football is played all over world with a huge pool of players , far more than gridiron , were gridiron to have such a following the level of competition would doubtless be higher . 
  even with 10 years to train , imagining that the players do n't age , there 's no way the top gridiron players could rival any of the top tier football teams . 
  being a world class footballer is n't something you learn , it 's something to which you are born . 
  that 's bullshit , the fun of the game is in the delayed anticipation . 
  feeling the tension when the balling in scoring range , the feeling of anticipation , the numerous failed attempts until eventually it goes right and one goes in the back of the net . 
  if the game did n't have those 30 attempts it would actually be boring . 
  if it were so easy to hit that target in a match then people would be doing it more often . 
  high scoring games are more about ongoing strategic warfare , this can be good , for example i enjoy it in rugby , but football provides the all or nothing moments that you do n't get in higher scoring games . 
  it 's about that churning feeling in your chest every time a goal might be scored , it can be frustrating , and the easy way out is just to switch off and then you 'll get bored , but if you persevere and commit then it 's very rewarding , it can feel like gambling with your emotions at times . 
  if anything americans simply do n't have the patience for it , or rather they 've never been given the incentive to invest that patience in it which is why any world cup success for them is a good thing in terms of the sport . 
  rekt, 
  form the perspective of a believer , i think it makes more sense that people believe that people existing in ancient times were somehow more in tune with the divine somehow and therefore treat their teaching with respect . 
  the idea that god for some reason reached out to some guy living in the rural us in the victorian era seems quite frankly absurd . 
  i think you 're making a mistake . 
  you do n't need a huge complicated set of rules to make an intricate game . 
  i would admit that gridiron is a more tactical game , insofar as players have time to pause and think more about changing tactics during the play , but i would n't confuse the absence of that with strategical simplicity . 
  a good manager makes or breaks a team . 
  another thing that football has is that it 's more of a natural talent game , a gridiron player is more about being in peak physical condition and fortunate enough to have a body suited to it like an athlete , footballers however , whilst also needing to be in top physical condition have to be blessed with a certain je ne sais quoi , something like the ability to think with their feet , you can stocky or short or skinny or lanky but if you 've got it you 've got it . 
  this is why every kid in every favela dreams that they 'll be the chosen one , whilst they can write themselves off from gridiron on the basis of diet alone . 
  your point about learning curves does n't hold up either , sure physically a manchester united squad is never going to feature in the nfl , and you could probably get a nfl team to play a game of soccer without much struggle . 
  but the top football players have eaten , breathed and slept football their entire lives , nobody is going to walk out the nfl and compete on their level barring some type of fluke of nature . 
  the species may have been around for 200,000 years but in terms of human civilization it 's barely been 10,000 being generous . 
  i 'm not a religious zealot but from a purely anthropological standpoint it 's quite evident that organised religion was a striving for in civilising the human race and turning us from hunter gathers to what we are now . 
  to add to the thinking the roots of civilisation are in the middle east and asia . 
  i 'll take them over fox news, 
  half your age + 7 , that 's the rule bro . 
  but that 's not true , if you do n't think managers like jos\u00e9 mourinho are n't up all night watching replays looking for any weakness in their opponents defence . 
  good managers have been know to take teams from the bottom to the top of the league . 
  the only thing i would agree to is that strategy can mean less in football , in gridiron the team that situationally engages the best pre-prepared counter strategy is most likely to win . 
  football is more about having your best strategies ready for the game in hand , playing your hand and hoping that it goes your way with only half time available to change tact . 
  also you in football you have an element of risk because despite the best strategy god gifted players like ronaldo , messi and even that bitey chap can make the difference to a game when their team is strategically outmatched . 
  none of this means anyone just `` goes out and plays '' . 
  `` for who hath known the mind of the lord ? 
  or who hath been his counseller ? '', 
  obviously nobody can know how a god would think , but ultimately i do n't think the `` mystique '' of ancient religion is unjustified . 
  would 've christianity been less credible 500ad , i do n't know , but it is remarkable how quickly it spread and the quantity of literature on religious themes from the era . 
  i can see why people respect that to some degree , i ca n't see however the same people could take the words of a victorian gentleman as having the significance . 
  [ reminds me of this ] ( http://3.bp.blogspot.com/_gwwyq5egw9m/tbvdtfvvwyi/aaaaaaaacbu/xoxh5avrvau/s1600/usa+%20wins+%201-1.jpg ), 
  come one we even have nfl fans that follow all the gridiron games in the uk , i 'm sure you have fans following all the european leagues too . 
  i 'm not sure how accurate that is , but not the germans anyway , it 's pretty clear what fu\u00dfball means !, 
  whilst it may be slightly more important in gridiron , i think you 're underestimating its importance in association football . 
  unlucky , i 'm still good with 20 , 
  do n't worry i 'll make an exception just for you , 
  to be fair in my experience when i was fourteen dating someone the year below you was a controversial move . 
  rules are rules bro, 
  if scat 's your thing then you 'd be correct, 
  it happens , it 's just a bit messy , you do n't what 'll happen when someone is drugged , will get fall asleep in the toilet or alert the bar staff to the fact they 're feeling fucked up before they pass out . 
  then what ? 
  you could rob anything they had on them but you 've still got someone passed out in the street drawing attention . 
  if you 're a crack head looking for a fix it would be easier to hang around looking for someone drunk leaving the club alone and just intimidate them into giving you their wallet . 
  reddit just likes to be dismissive of all religion as equally foolish , which means you ca n't say you respect the catholic church more than say mormonism because it has the historical legacy since that 's discrimination and suggesting that traditional biblical beliefs are somehow less absurd than the joseph smith version of things .
