  obviously , there is a cross over between the conlang and linguistics worlds , most linguists are aware of the conlanging community , and safe to say almost all conlangers have at least a passing interest in linguistics . 
  however , other people underestimate how different they are , and then it becomes a somewhat irksome association , much like assuming that all linguists must speak 5 languages fluently , when such an implication is much like assuming someone who studies animal biology must also love pets . 
  i know you 're not american , i did n't accuse you of being so . 
  if you think most your countrymen know who helen keller is then you are vastly overestimating america 's cultural influence on the world . 
  even within other parts of the anglosphere i 'd say awareness of her is patchy at best . 
  you 're wrong . 
  it does n't feature on most foreign syllabuses , there are other examples of triumph over adversity . 
  she is just a footnote in history outside the us . 
  you obviously are either lying or in a very unusual office . 
  i 'm the sanctimonious knobend ? 
  you 're the one trying to imply some obscure bit of americana is common knowledge . 
  you obviously live somewhere that 's forgone its own culture for american imports if what you say is the case . 
  here 's a fact , the vast majority of the world does n't know who helen keller is , therefore it 's not common knowledge . 
  it 's not on school syllabuses , she 's not a cultural icon , outside america or at best the anglosphere ( and even then when i lived in the uk nobody really knew who she was asides some vague notion and she did n't feature in school syllabuses ) . 
  you are wrong , and your sample of your office in whatever country you 're in is of absolutely no relevance whatsoever . 
  i never said anything about what your country knows , i do n't really give a toss about that . 
  the fact remains she is not known in most of the world , and that was the point . 
  `` incredibly famous '' , that 's laughable , she 's a bit of american folklore like the guy who invented peanut butter . 
  she 's about as famous as emily davison , and i would n't expect anyone outside the uk to know who she was . 
  you 're the arsehole here i 'm afraid . 
  not only have you gone off at me for saying something completely factual , that helen keller is n't really known outside the us ( and perhaps maybe a few cultural satellites ) , but you 've also assumed that because something is known where in the world you that therefore it 's common knowledge . 
  that 's the very definition of an arsehole , the kind of arsehole who assumes everything his community knows is `` common knowledge '' and that therefore anyone unaware of those things is stupid . 
  this is only made worse that the `` common knowledge '' you 're so vehemently defending is vicarious culture imported from the us . 
  i can assure you that helen keller is not `` incredibly famous '' in most of the world , and there are about 10,000 objectively more important people to learn about before you do . 
  i 'm pretty sure the world 's population does matter . 
  but you 're just a pro american nationalist anyway so fuck off . 
  i said she 's not known in most the world . 
  you said :, 
    lies - i 'm on the other side of the fucking world and we 've all heard of hellen fucking keller . 
  i 'm sorry to break it to your but your 51st us state of a country , where you 're all raised on imported us culture , wherever that may be , is n't representative of the whole world . 
  does you office know who albrecht d\u00fcrer is ? 
  because every 10 year old knows that here , but very few have heard of helen keller , because she 's objectively not that famous . 
  she does n't appear on the vast majority of non-us school syllabuses , and if people have heard of her its inevitably through contact with us culture , she is not remotely an international figure . 
  thomas edison , adam smith , christ even billy the kid , these are us historical figures are are known internationally . 
  helen keller , ai n't fucking one of them . 
  frankly your desire to make yourself , or your country , seem more intelligent by exaggerating her historical significance is growing wearisome . 
  i 'd wager that more people know that song globally than know who helen keller is . 
   as already said conlangers should at least know some linguistics to make a reasonable language , but why exactly would you call that prescriptivist . 
  in a way yes , the conlanger prescripes what rules the language has , but would n't a conlanger with a decent knowledge of linguistics try to build the language in a pseudo-descriptive manner ? 
  if they want to , sure they can try to make their language seem more natural and have it follow patterns that occur in natural language . 
  descriptive and prescriptive do n't really apply to conlangs , because they do n't even have a community of speakers to define them , they are entirely defined by the creator , which is in a sense prescriptive ( language defined by rules rather than use ) , but with no 1st language speakers of the language there is no one to be `` prescriptivist '' towards , so it 's not the bad kind of prescriptivism we talk about when people are intolerant of others ' use of language . 
  however , this is ultimately just trying to imitate nature . 
  you ca n't learn most anything about trees by looking at an artist 's sculpture of a tree . 
  there is nothing there for linguistics to study particularly , studying what someone deeply embedded in western culture with english as their first language `` invents '' as a language , will only tell you about what such people are liable to invent , it wo n't tell you anything about real language . 
  think of it this way , if you want to learn about ancient mythology , you do n't go reading fantasy novels . 
  although the author of a fantasy novel may be an expert in ancient mythology , and while his expert knowledge of that ancient mythology might define and influence what he puts into his fantasy novel , you wo n't be able to learn very much about ancient mythology by reading his fantasy novel . 
  everything he produces is done so artificially , borrowing concepts from real mythology , rather than occurring naturally over hundreds of years as most ancient mythologies did . 
  furthermore , what he does produce is inevitable produced through a lens of the culture to which he belongs , meaning the product is invariably inauthentic . 
  let me guess , you live in the anglosphere in a nation too small to create much entertainment and import vast amounts of tv and popular culture from the us . 
  yes , i agree it is weird , but i 'm only saying `` prescriptivist '' for lack of a better a term . 
  as i pointed out in another post . 
   descriptive and prescriptive do n't really apply to conlangs , because they do n't even have a community of speakers to define them , they are entirely defined by the creator , which is in a sense prescriptive ( language defined by rules rather than use ) , but with no 1st language speakers of the language there is no one to be `` prescriptivist '' towards , so it 's not the bad kind of prescriptivism we talk about when people are intolerant of others ' use of language . 
  however , conlangs start with the invention of a set of rules and their application to an artificial lexicon . 
  unlike natural language there is no meaning to the language outside these rules because there are no native speakers to define it . 
  it is defined entirely by the set of rules that the creator invented ( the exception being if that language actually garners a community of speakers that evolve it naturally ) . 
  the point i 'm trying to make , inventing a bunch of words and set of rules for their usage might seem to the linguistically naive like language formation , but linguistics realise that this is the exact opposite how language arises in a real world scenario . 
  to go to the analogy i used . 
  studying a conlang as a linguistic is a bit like an anthropologist trying to learn about the early formation of religion in human societies through studying a religion that was invented by a modern christian theologian . 
  i think it 's a good comparison because ultimately there is a lot of overlap between conlangers and linguists too . 
  both will understand similar linguistic concepts , syntax , morphology , phonetics etc. 
  so there is overlap , it 's just that the goals of a conlanger are totally at odds with the goals of a linguist . 
  they 're using the same tools , but one is studying how an ancient temple was built , while the other is trying to build a mock ancient temple . 
  never played the rts ? 
  fatboy slim , weapon of choice , quotes dune . 
  you just made it harder for people to do so ... 
  well the government obviously sees that access to cheap energy is going to be big deal when they forcibly remove us from the eu and we get energy tariffs out the wazoo . 
  wto rules will fuck us , so anything that can bring a cheap boost the economy is an opportunity they will take in an attempt to maintain the illusion that the harm brexit is doing is n't as bad as it is . 
  i expect lots of cheap deregulatory moves in the coming years ... scrapping of the working time directive , deregulation of work contracts , reductions in maternity/paternity leave obligations , and such , as well as a carte blanche for businesses to expand into any market that eu legislation previously prevented them from pursuing . 
  this is really just the start . 
  most people think that wto rules simply ensure mutually reciprocal tariffs and any unfair asymmetrical use of tariffs , while this is rule , there is still a huge amount of room for countries to define these systems in ways that advantage them . 
  for example , france will have to continue to export energy to the uk , and much of this will be set at a reasonable rate , but france will be free to set quotas for export to the uk , and once these quotas are reached then the tariff cost can rise astronomically . 
  it wo n't be hard for france to set quotas lower than the uk 's demand for french energy , and we 'll end up funding all those lovely french pensions and extended lunch breaks for the privilege . 
  this is considered fair under wto rules because the uk is free to set similar energy tariffs , but since the uk is a net importer and the french are exporters the reality will be very different . 
  you say that , but i know a lot of rich electricians/plumbers/painters and decorators . 
  i do n't know any rich models . 
  of the world of `` models '' , probably less than 1 % actually earn serious money . 
  most just end up doing stuff like conferences , promotional events , car shows etc. 
  and they earn fuck all doing so . 
  only a tiny number of models are needed to create the lion 's share of that value you referred to . 
  i would say that the skills skilled labourers bring to the workforce is n't valued `` lowly '' , in fact they can make a fair bit doing it . 
  it 's simply that when it comes to good looks it 's something you 're born with or not . 
  there is a finite demand for models , and the best models are whoever society deems the most attractive . 
  if more good looking people are born , it does n't make the number of models go up , it does n't even make the wages of models go down , it just raises the bar one needs to reach in terms of attractiveness to become a model . 
   remember it 's us against them lads !, 
  do n't shoot until you can see the whites of their eyes !, 
  for crown , country , and saint george !, 
  repeat for generations until its so embedded in your culture that you ca n't function as a modern nation properly . 
  i also think it 's sad that people have given up . 
  i do n't think the take to the streets mentality should be used . 
  i would like to see people seriously trying to change public mentality and obstruct the government legally and practically rather than outbursts of outrage . 
  i see so many remain voters around here that have just become cynical and fatalistic , preparing just to unhappily accept what may thrusts on us , and that 's a shitty attitude imo . 
  the irony is that this time the establishment is on our side , and we should be taking advantage of that . 
  prices wo n't rise instantly , because most retailers pay in pounds , foremost you have to wait for contracts to expire and new ones to be signed before price rises actually start to take effect . 
  secondly , you have to wait for existing stock to start to dwindle . 
  many retailers might already have a few months of stock in their possession . 
  finally , companies will try to act as a buffer between them and the consumer , temporarily lowering margins in an attempt to retain their consumer base and make the price rise more gradual . 
  currently price rises are only starting to affect those industries that do n't work by this model , for example , petrol . 
  you also have to consider that imports are always affected well before the internal market is . 
  in things like local manufacturing , you wo n't see that impact for a while because it wo n't affect them until their costs go up and they are eventually forced to raise prices . 
  however , since the uk runs an immense trade deficit when it comes to natural resources , you can rest assured that the cost of everything we produce is going to rise .
