  sounds a bit hammy . 
  works well with austin powers because it 's a comedy , but in his role in inglorious bastards it sounded quite fake and over the top . 
  i think he 's done the austin powers voice so long he ca n't stop doing it now . 
  it 's not even that good . 
  i 'm sorry , but adding - r to the end of words is officially part of english . 
  non-rhotic dialects , dialects that pronounce words like car with a pure vowel like `` cah '' , use - r as a linking sound , just as almost all dialects of english use the consonants - w and - y as linking sounds . 
  i bet when you say a phrase like `` he asked '' it actually comes out like `` he yasked '' . 
  i bet when you say `` do it '' it sounds like `` do wit '' . 
  almost all english speakers do this . 
  the only problem arises when only half of english speakers use a sound as a linking sound , and half of english speakers do n't , as is the case with - r . the split is due to the english speaking world being split into rhotic and non-rhotic dialects . 
  - r is only eligible for use as a linking sound in non-rhotic dialects , precisely because these accents never pronounce that particular consonant sound if it occurs at the end of the word . 
  `` idear of '' does n't sound weird to them because even if there were such a word as `` idear '' , you would n't hear an - r pronounced at the end of it in those dialects anyway , so there 's no confusion . 
  because rhotic speakers are tuned to listen for that word final - r sound , it sticks out like a sore thumb , but to non-rhotic speakers , they do n't even hear the sound at all . 
  likewise , if you learned english as a foreign language , and your native language did n't use - w or - y linking sounds , you 'd probably be going crazy asking yourself why every says `` he yasked '' when the word is clearly spelt `` asked '' , and why everyone is saying `` do wit '' instead of `` do it '' . 
  english speakers would be confused if you asked them why though , because years of speaking this way has resulted in them no longer noticing . 
  so if you are judging people for saying `` idear '' then i suggest you stop because it 's officially part of english phonology , even snooty aristocrats in places like new england and the uk do it , so it 's not indicative of a lack of education or discipline . 
  in fact , historically linking all your words was considered the correct way to speak english , and it was the pauses between words like `` idea of '' and `` at all '' that were considered uncouth and unsightly . 
  i just mean it 's not usual for men to kiss other men platonically unless it 's family . 
  are you saying that that 's not acceptable or that men kissing men platonically is normal ? 
  i do n't mean that men kissing men is n't accepted generally , as in gay men kissing , that 's just fine , i just do n't see many straight men kissing other men unless it 's their relative , and even then it 's usually a younger relative kissing an older one , i mean i do n't see many brothers greeting each other with a peck on the cheek ( although in many cultures that would be totally normal , even with a close friend rather than a brother ) . 
  typically it 's just sons kissing fathers and grandsons kissing grandfathers , sure uncles and other relatives are sometimes included , but in what other contexts do you see straight guys kissing other straight guys ? 
  if i saw a bunch of guys all the same age greeting each other with a peck on the cheek , then i 'd be inclined to assume that they were either gay or , more likely , from a culture where that is the norm . 
  i do n't say that out of any kind of homophobia or dislike of male-male displays of affection , i say it simply because it contravenes british social norms . 
  i 'd greet my father , my grandfather , and perhaps my uncles with a kiss on the cheek , everyone else is getting a hug or handshake if they 're a bloke , that just seems to be the standard . 
  then again , i know some british families where the men would never allow themselves to be kissed by any male unless it was a small child , so i think it does vary according to class and general attitude too . 
  well yes , they are basically cartoons . 
  point is , they want everyone , even people with english as a 2nd language , so realise it 's a british accent, 
  huh , what does that have to do with it ? 
  do n't get what you mean . 
  yeah , that is true , yet , i also feel it has to do with how much culture they import . 
  the us generally does n't import much culture , so they do n't get such a window into the rest of the world as other countries . 
  because they want to sound fancy and british . 
  i mean jewellery is de facto fancy . 
  tmw you realise you 're the weird ones, 
  what about when people say noo , it 's new ( nyew ) !, 
  seriously though , english speakers ca n't seem to decide when to say this sound , it 's no wonder people get confused . 
  when you hear someone saying moot , it would be easy to assume they were just saying mute but have a dialect that drops the - y in words like new , dew , lute etc. 
  how do you feel about or-reg-an-o , because that one does n't sound good to me , it 's or-eh-gah-no, 
  calm , palm , salve , technically all these have silent - l. 
  you say that , but i can point to tonnes of similar ones that americans are saying about british pronunciations , so the saltiness goes both ways . 
  people are downvoting you , but glottal - t is so common in the uk it 's practically ubiquitous , especially amongst the youth and in casual speech , they 're just not the hard glottal - t 's you hear in sauff landan . 
  that 's officially part of english and has a legacy going back hundreds of years , so it 's really no different from the t = d thing in the us . 
  hell , it is only within living memory of some people alive today that many americans stopped doing it themselves . 
  that 's an americanism , oftentimes is an archaic form in the rest of the english speaking world . 
  irish ... newfie ... it 's practically the same thing . 
  milks not that good because the water content is too high . 
  butter tends to work well though . 
  i think if you tried it with cream you 'd end up curdling it . 
  probably nouveau riche, 
  that said , pronouncing the surnames of americans with german surnames is a minefield . 
  i 'm british , but i speak german , and it 's really hard to known whether mr weinstein and mr hofstadter want to be called `` wine-steen '' and `` hofsteder '' or want the proper german pronunciation . 
  if you get it wrong you either look ignorant ( if you choose the anglicism when they want the german ) or look like you 're trying to remind them of their germanic origins as a subtle slight against them ( if you choose the german when they want the anglo ) . 
  in british english sometimes they are pronounced , it depends on whether people historically considered it a loan word or a word so pervasive in english that it 's an english word that just happens to spelt the same as the french . 
  e.g fillet is pronounced with - t , filet is not , valet is pronounced with a - t when referring to a man 's personal servant and dresser , but without in most other contexts . 
  no way mr sss-chew-man, 
  lol at one point the german guy says :, 
  you are an abortion , shut your mouth !, 
  and ? 
  the uk is also an immigrant nation . 
  tbh i have no idea what the joke is . 
  lol is that pokemon fan speak for someone who only cares about generation one . 
  honestly i only know people like that . 
  everyone knows pokemon from their childhood but most had stopped playing by the time they added more . 
  we remember these pokemon because these were the ones we remember from our childhoods in the cartoons and first games . 
  everything else scares and confuses us , and we do n't like it . 
  that stupid fucking egg thing was enough to put us off . 
  i was just going to say , they are identical but fatter . 
  we played you at rugby a few times and some fucker bit a chunk out of my hand ... 
  a tale of suspense and violence following antonio as he runs illegally imported knives across the border from mexico . 
  you 're just the worst . 
  written zed , pronounced `` tset '' . 
   syntax, 
  this word . 
  i do not think this means what you think it means ... 
  makes a lot more sense than `` zeebra '', 
  what the fuck are you guys on about . 
  zebra is n't using the sound from the american pronunciation of the letter . 
  the way we say letters has little to do with how they are said in words . 
  `` and '' is n't pronounced ay , en , dee is it . 
  the - d was always there coming directly from the saxons , you guys removed it . 
  how we say a word like zebra has nothing to do with the sound we use to refer to the letter - z. 
  `` and '' is n't pronounced ay , en , dee is it ? 
  in the rest of the world zebra rhymes with debra anyway . 
  there 's barely any silent letters in german , so naturally they find it difficult . 
  man , let it out , i 'm feeling some resentment . 
  it 's the damn british with their logic insisting that a series is literally a just set of sequential things , and that a season is a portion of the year . 
  this is just like the british billion vs american billion thing . 
  why would anyone care about that . 
  it 's not like british people hate on americans for saying sidewalk rather than pavement . 
  yeah no fucking way he drank all 18 of them . 
  that would destroy a 250lb man , never mind a child . 
  i think the this is england tv series are pretty good depictions of white working class poverty in the late 80s and early 90s . 
  sure they are depressing but they get most the details right , and while most people 's lives were that drama filled and tragic , there were surely some people whose lives were . 
  then again , your question is too vague , i mean the inbetweeners is in many ways probably a good depiction of what it 's like growing up as a middle class suburbanite kid in the 2000s , but it 's hardly a good depiction of what it was like to grow up in yorkshire in the 70s and 80s during the miners strikes . 
  the royale family does well showing a british working class household in the north of england during the nineties , but it wo n't show you what it 's like now or what was going on for middle class people in the home counties . 
  you can only really depict things contextually , class , locality , time period all play into it . 
  each is seen through the cultural zeitgeist of the period in which the programme is made . 
  i mean if you 're really interested in looking at british life it would probably be better to watch documentaries and vox pops than entertainment , but failing that , you need to see a wide range of stuff to get a sense for the different aspects of the culture . 
  sounds like a load of crap to me . 
  in germany it 's very normal .
