  sure they have more red heads in scotland and more brunettes in spain but we 're all just generally white european . 
  you could take a baby from poland and swap it with a baby in ireland and nobody would know the fucking difference you realise ? 
  also genetic records show most of the us to be english and german . 
  many of you americans have some fucked up borderline eugenic ideas about heritage frankly . 
  101 million native german speakers officially . 
  i 'll take to calling you all dixies then . 
  a name i learnt the meaning of in victoria 2 after i reconquered british north america and squashed rebellion under an iron boot . 
   i have no idea if the danes day trip to spain, 
  really ? 
  fair enough , but if he 's travelling for 6 month who knows where he 'll end up ? 
  he could well end up in detroit ( hopefully not for too long though ) . 
  which just goes to show that nobody really believes you 've left . 
  you may talk a good talk but at the end of the day you drink more tea than the actual english so you 're really just disgruntled brits as far as i 'm concerned . 
  no offence , but you 're kinda the reason we think americans are ignorant of the world . 
  i do n't know how far baltimore is from bethlehem , but i certainly have a rough idea how far maryland is from pennsylvania . 
  just so you know denmark to spain is like 2000km , so it 's like going from new york to alabama or something . 
  trains are fast but they 're not that fast . 
  i also speak german . 
  technically the word is still in english as [ popinjay ] ( http://www.oxforddictionaries.com/definition/english/popinjay ) which follows the old french papingay , j being the english approximation of the french soft g. papagay was an alternative in some regions until a few hundred years ago . 
  still technically in use in indian english to describe a kind of butterfly . 
   but there 's a 2 hour drive in the middle, 
  that does n't seem that far . 
  maybe locals just underestimate tourists willingness to travel long distances to see shit ? 
  i used to live near an 800 yo castle 2 hours from london ( assuming good traffic ) and i 'd see coaches of yanks pulling in for day trips from london all the time . 
  meanwhile if someone said to me `` do you wana go see this cool thing , it 's only 2 hours away ! '', 
  i ask them if they 'd taken their medication today . 
  cocaine !, 
  activsion ruined wow :(, 
  apple . 
  not because of anything they do but just because of the fan boys , and because one of them called me poor for having a pc on reddit last week . 
  to be fair you do n't need to tell me md and pa share i border , i know all the states just like i know all the countries of europe and most of the countries of the world . 
  it was beaten into me at school . 
  not knowing where denmark and spain are is kinda shameful though . 
  i do n't think those things are american , they 're pretty common in most european cultures . 
  it 's just german retail workers do n't like to have to touch a lot of hands and do n't even two shits if you like them for not . 
  well if you by a reason you mean that child died of a horrible death by brain cancer because of a malfunction of their cells at a chemical level that caused them to reproduce without control then yes , everything technically does happen for reason . 
  i , too , have played world of warcraft . 
  bless your heart ... 
  except `` teehee '' anyone who says that needs to go up against the wall . 
  no no , he 's a poorly functioning anus that has sex with people 's mothers . 
  you 've obvs got shit bantz m8 . 
  it 's true though . 
  your brother just spent his money unwisely . 
  see no one is mad , therefore you must still be british . 
  i know what it is . 
  i took back the us but then civil came in the south so instead of the war being yankee vs dixie it was british vs dixie and we smashed them . 
  germans are big on shaking hands , even with the opposite sex , in the uk found generally you 'd only shake hands with a woman you would be introduced in a more formal environment like work . 
  otherwise you could kiss them on the cheek , or failing that just say hello , german is always a handshake . 
   and forget that as a country we have a territory that is approximately 2.5 x the size of europe . 
  europe is bigger than the us though ... 
  europe : 10.18 million km \u00b2, 
  us : 9.857 million km \u00b2, 
  where are you getting these figures ? 
  even if you only count the eu , which is only really half of europe , it 's still about 50 % of the us 's landmass . 
  when we think sf to ny we think madrid to moscow , not paris to berlin . 
  lol that just taught me the dutch have their own version of fr\u00e8re jacques while in the uk at least we tend to sing the french version . 
  how american sounds to non-english speakers * skwerrrrl !, 
  this seems like a good example of why people dislike the sjw community . 
  just because someone does n't agree that a transgender woman was always a woman , and is a woman and is every sense the same a non-transgender woman does n't mean you 're discriminated against . 
  just because someone would n't want to have sex with a transgender woman but would if that person appeared the same but were born a woman does n't mean they 're transphobic . 
  acknowledging that there 's a difference between a transgender person and a person who was assigned that gender due to biology at birth does not make you transphobic . 
  everyone is entitled to different opinions . 
  the important thing is that minorities have the same rights under the law and are protected from discrimination . 
  just as a homosexual person is afforded rights under law , but ca n't force people to treat them as if they were straight . 
  a straight person ca n't discriminate against a gay person , but if they want to turn around and say `` i do n't want to associate with you in my personal life because you 're gay and i do n't like gay people '' , while you might think that bigoted , they 're entitled to do so in a free society . 
  you can force people to stop discriminating , but you ca n't force them to share your philosophy on things . 
  sjws try to force their philosophy on these matters absolute through shaming and being offended , but it will never work , you can only convince people with their consent . 
  that 's the same the world over but it still risks inadvertent handing touching which is why german cashiers have special trays . 
  lol this is art . 
  you 're talking absolute bollocks mate . 
  i do n't think you understand what happens in that film . 
  the premise of the film is that a jewish barber just happens to be a doppelg\u00e4nger of `` the great dictator '' ( obviously implied to be a satire of hitler ) . 
  chaplin plays both characters . 
  the jewish barber is trying to escape arrest for being jewish by fleeing to `` osterlich '' ( a pun on \u00d6sterreich , the german name for austria ) . 
  meanwhile the dictator is planning to invade osterlich . 
  the jewish barber gets to osterlich only to find the great dictator has invaded , however in typical comic fashion when he arrives there is a case of mistaken identity . 
  the dictator is arrested and the jewish barber is hurried to the speech . 
  that is what you hear in the speech , the words of someone trying to send a message antithetical to that of a dictator , and the words of someone who is meant to be suffering at the hands of a dictator . 
  the speech is in no way a parody of the messages dictators use to gain power , but rather an example of the exact opposite . 
  the fact that you read parody into is a little fucked up frankly . 
  it definitely was not intended as a parody . 
  it was what the writer intended as an antithetical message to fascism . 
  you can call it full of truism , feel-good and na\u00efvet\u00e9 , that 's your opinion . 
  frankly , i believe you think that because it does n't match your ideology . 
  it 's not a communist message , it mentions religion , it focuses on liberty , work , and democracy . 
  if anything it was simply a message the match much of the popular western european idealism of the era , one that reflected a synthesis of collectivism and individual freedom . 
  simply because you 're so far on the individualism , personal liberty , and self-interest end of the spectrum , does n't mean that any message that does n't coincide with that is parody . 
  well that is a way you can read it , with any piece of art you are free to read into what you feel , but i 'd bet the farm that the writer did not intend it to appear that way . 
  imo your reading is one of a cynical 21st century person looking through the lens of all american capitalism . 
  one that creates to tendency to dismissive of noble sounding ideals as equally leading to tyranny . 
  however this is not how it would be read by the people of the time and not what the writer intended when he wrote the speech . 
  he simply wanted the speech to reflect ideals that the audience is meant to agree with , not preach some message about how all people claiming to have a better solution are tyrants . 
  i mean just look at the speech , he 's pleading for people to be suspicious of authority , to think for themselves , to not obey the `` machine men '' and question the very concept of war . 
  he 's not saying , follow me , but instead of doing the nationalism thing we 'll do the international brotherhood thing . 
  it does n't make sense to see him as a replacement dictator . 
  well europe is/was rooted in the traditional of classical liberalism from the enlightenment . 
  russia not so much . 
  if we look at the speech , there are elements of collectivism , brotherhood etc. 
  which probably would set of alarm bells in an american conservative , elsewhere in the world not so much . 
  however , any elements of collectivism and definitely tempered by an anti-authoritarian and democratic message .
