  yes , you do . 
  the requirements for a working visa for non-eu immigrants are much easier to fulfil in germany than in many other countries . 
  we have already left and , if the uk were n't throwing its toys out of the eu pram , then we would n't be being pushed back there . 
  it 's balls because i wo n't be able to get permanent residency immediately after brexit , even if i meet the requirements . 
  germany needs the immigrants to support its pension funds and health insurance . 
  the uk does to but is in complete denial about it . 
  it 's not fair to compare living in the third world and living in another modern developed country with a different ethos and ethic that you find agreeable . 
  brits are often cut off from this due to not speaking any other languages , but i guess canada and australia would be comparable . 
  if you move out there and like it then you wo n't want to come back . 
  you 're a fucking moron . 
  it was perfectly evident what he was saying . 
  that he was shocked by eu  us immigration requirements . 
  he did n't at one point suggest that other countries should want open borders with the eu . 
  he merely was accustomed to how easy immigration within the eu is and did n't think the eu  us immigration requirements would be quite that strict . 
  can you really blame them after europe brutally colonized the entire planet ? 
  typical white privilege : that 's all we 're seeing in your post . 
  now you 're just clearly trolling . 
  have fun . 
  depends on a million things . 
  it 's hardly `` easy '' even if it 's not as impossible as some are making out . 
  `` white privilege '' . 
  you 're either a troll from / r/thedonald or someone from srs , either way , jog on . 
  well , this looks good . 
  however , the last few wolverine films were pretty dreadful in my opinion . 
  this looks like they 're taking it in a new direction , and sir charles is never a bad thing . 
  guess i 'll wait and see the reviews . 
  creepy as fuck !, 
  i 'm racist for not thinking the guy 's naive assumption that it would n't be so hard for britons to move to the us implies `` white privilege '' . 
  `` poc '' or not ( nice one dropping politically incorrect terms for the uk btw ) , you 're clearly insane . 
  do one . 
  imo perry comes off rather nasal , smug , patronising i 'm afraid . 
  you are literally looking to be offended by deliberately misinterpreting what people say . 
  saying `` i was shocked at how hard it is to get a us visa '' is not the same as saying `` i assume white europeans should automatically have the god given right to move to the colonies because if it was n't for us they would n't exist '' . 
  it 's like you have no sense of nuance at all . 
  sometimes countries do have agreements due to historical ties , in other cases countries facilitate immigration as due to economic equivalency it works out mutually beneficial . 
  you jumped on that guy for fucking nothing , now do one . 
  no you 're interpreting to mean that but making some pretty massive jumps of reasoning , and in my opinion those jumps are so big that your must either have really big personal complex about something or some kind of hidden agenda . 
  i do n't see any point in carrying this conversation on any further . 
  there millions of central progressives in the uk without a voice right now . 
  a corbyn led labour is basically forcing them to vote tory . 
  `` i ai n't givin no food to some bloody foreign ! '', 
  bestest boneth , sireth marroweth, 
  fair enough . 
  was n't aware of those exemptions . 
  i guess it 's just another appeasement of britain 's exceptionalist ego . 
  those were some crazy judgements you made about the guy you were harassing . 
  i went to germany late 2014 so same boat . 
  love how you choose those cultures rather than any of the major ones . 
  for some people a competent party is more important than progressive ideals . 
  i 'm sure there are lot of people that think progressive policies are good but vote tory simply because they have no faith in labour to run the country . 
  not every tory voter supports the authoritarian moralising bullshit that comes from the more extreme side . 
  i do know about those cultures though , because i live in europe . 
  british culture is incredibly insular in comparison to almost all other european cultures , and it breeds ignorance and bigotry , making it one of the worst cultures in the eu . 
  yes it does . 
  because that federalism is imaginary , and the only motivation you could have to imagine that imminent federalism is mistrust of foreigners . 
  the idea that the eu is going `` sneak federalism through the back door '' is absurd and has its basis in a xenophobia that ascribes motivations and behaviours on foreigners that are patently unbelievable . 
  my point was that many people believe that . 
  i did n't vote for the tories . 
  you 've clearly not understood a word . 
  you are xenophobic for thinking that the uk could become part of the eu without the consent of the british public , like the eu would `` sneak '' federalism into countries that did n't want it . 
  you can be against federalism all you want , but the suggestion that federalism could happen against the will of the british people has its basis in xenophobia . 
  if you are against eu federalism , then the correct thing to do is remain in the eu to ensure the uk can vote against the foundation of any federalised union if and when it comes . 
  if you against the uk being part of eu federalism , the correct thing to do is to remain in the eu and vote against joining any federation when it is proposed . 
  this way the britain could 've remained in the eu but outside of federal europe in exactly the same way it stayed out the eurozone , and probably got the best of both worlds as britain has had for so long . 
  we 're literally moving from the most ideal spot in the eu to a worse situation than all eu member states . 
  that 's complete nonsense . 
  every nation in the eu remains sovereign and any expansion of power can only occur with the consent of the governments of the member states . 
  no country that has rejected them has ever been forced to do anything . 
  of those nations that elected to have referendums , the `` revote '' you are talking about were actually on amended treaties that addressed the issues people in those countries had with the original agreement . 
  furthermore , there 's nothing wrong with revoting , revoting does not change public opinion , and if public opinion turns positive towards an agreement , then a 2nd vote with a different outcome is reflective of public opinion . 
  this notion that you can `` revote until you get what you want '' is absurd , and exactly the kind of stupid lies brexiteers tell themselves because they 're terrified at the thought of a 2nd referendum on eu exit , given that public opinion has clearly shifted against brexit since the 1st one . 
  if brexiteer logic were right then we would only need to have one general election and the matter would be settled . 
  did you leave school post global recession ? 
   i am not overly worried about the current economy fluctuations ( at the moment they are just that , fluctuations . 
  if they continue long term then its a problem ), 
  you deliver that line with such confidence , and i 'm sure you 've got the masters in economics to back it up ... 
  he 's completely right . 
  the economic fallout is terrible , the impact it 's had on eu migrants and british migrants in the eu is tragic , but ultimately the saddest thing is the road that brexit will set the uk on will mean a less pleasant , open , and forward thinking country for the generation that are children right now , and their children after them . 
  we 'll have to explain why we were able to go to university abroad , why we were able to live anywhere in the eu we wanted with no restrictions or obligations on us , why we legitimised a narrative that decided non-britons should only be allowed to live in the uk when it suits our interest . 
  who said anything about the sky falling , in any scenario the british economy will almost always recover , it will just be constantly playing catch up with where it would 've been for the next decade or so . 
  but even if the economic ramifications are n't catastrophic , we 'll no doubt be poorer for a while , however even in that situation if one more disabled person has to die in a puddle of their own piss because a nursing home was underfunded , if one more child misses out on an opportunity because he the school budget did n't go up by enough this year , if one more old person has die in the cold because they were trying to save on their winter fuel bill , then how is that justifiable . 
  i think that 's what people forget . 
  an economic slow down might be justifiable for some who know they 'll be alright to weather the storm , but for every so many thousand people who fall below the poverty line that 's one more preventable death , one more child being put into care , and many more lives lived at a lower quality of life than they would 've been . 
   tabloid rants and different issues to the economy or eu membership . 
  it 's not a tabloid rant , nor is a different issue . 
  you are clearly one of those are miss the very direct relationship between national economic health and quality of life . 
  when you stand back and look at it statistically you can clearly see that every time there is a recession or slow down and consequent lower quality of life , real world metrics like people dying from preventable illnesses , child poverty , and such all go up . 
  now you 're saying that such things * never * happen because of poor funding . 
  that 's just absurd . 
  there is a strong correlation between economic prosperity and quality of life , including all those metrics i 've mentioned . 
   they happen because of bad administration , profiteering , lack of education , etc. 
  but not poor funding . 
  bad administrations of happen because of poor funding , profiteering often happens as a direct response to lack of funding , lack of education correlates directly with lack of public sector funding for education . 
  obviously funding is not the * only * factor , some sectors and institutions are more efficient and deliver more with less , just as some are inefficient and deliver less from more . 
  then of course you 've governments that slash funding regardless of how well the economy is ticking over . 
  however , you seem to be wilfully denying the incontrovertible relationship here . 
  just simply things like a 10 % rise in food prices can be shown to have a direct impact on real people in a very clear way . 
  prices go up and so does the number of malnourished children , and that 's the reality . 
  depends what you mean , it 's all relative . 
  markets will adapt , it 's what they do .
