  as in `` i 'm english not british '' . 
  likewise saying british instead of english is offensive to when it 's wrongly inclusionary ? 
  like applying stereotypes about english people failing to acknowledge that wales , n. ireland and scotland are their own cultures ? 
  it 's not offensive to apply london stereotypes to the rest of england though , because being somewhere other than london is not minority culture that needs respecting , although it 's still a dick thing to do . 
  in uk you always use the petrol pump yourself and always pay afterwards . 
  was surprised to find that some places wo n't let you use the pump and make you pay before , and yet they let you own assault rifles . 
  and by cancer treatment you mean juice and homoeopathic healing crystals . 
  you only had to follow the train , hillary ... 
  he plead guilty to having sex with her . 
  however denies that he forced himself on her . 
  still , her being under 14 makes it automatic statuary rape . 
  i 'll add about the gandhi thing , he might not have slept with them but he liked to administer enemas to them for `` health '' reasons . 
  will smith is a confirmed bi-sexual , possible closeted gay who does n't want to deal with the press issues . 
  wow that was harrowing . 
  i mean i knew he 'd done awful shit but reading it in black and white there is just unbelievable . 
  yeah , but how does it make sense in this context ? 
  when you begin to analyse the poverty line it 's gone wrong ? 
  is n't that how we come up with the poverty line in the first place . 
  just seems a bit confusing without the context . 
  woah i had n't realise columbus was african . 
  ( i 'll also add that the slave trade was going strong in africa before modern europeans got involved ), 
  no , he put a gun against his head , pulled his trigger now he 's dead . 
  where did i say that ? 
  i did n't say that at all . 
  i 'm not remotely trying to justify slavery . 
  i was merely noting that what you said is n't true . 
  furthermore it does n't even make sense , i 'm not from north america so i 'm not a member of this `` we '' of which you speak . 
  he was n't the the first african slave trader , he was n't african to start with , but there were plenty of african slave traders going back all the way to the egyptians . 
  nor was he the first trader of african slaves , there was a rampant slave trade in africa before europe entered the colonial period . 
  he was n't even the first european trader of african slaves , fuck the romans were european and were trading in slaves from north africa all the time . 
  what you probably meant to say was columbus 's son was a slave trader who introduced the wide scale forceful transference of african slaves to the americas , which may well be true . 
  if you say something stupid like `` columbus 's son was the first african slave trader '' do n't expect people not to call you out on it . 
  clearly the irish have much in common with the canadians , fuck off troll . 
  which is n't even a thing ... 
  annoying youtubers are n't uniquely american , but in this case he happened to making cringeworthy jokes based on awful american stereotypes that are n't even recognised elsewhere in the world . 
  i mean austin powers was almost 20 years ago now . 
  really now is a film made in 1997 the best you can come up with , seems like a typical american who does n't know shit all about the uk . 
  that 's why it 's so cringe because the people are just looking at him like wtf ? 
  definite sas . 
  europe does n't have craft beers !, 
  only samey ipas made by hipsters in portland are true craft beers !, 
  i think you 'll find the number of europeans who have visited the us is higher than the number of americans who have visited europe . 
  i think living in america would suck for quite solid reasons , mainly the demands to constantly be working would be bad . 
  in the us i 'd be petrified of losing my job , while in europe at least i know i 'll get the best health insurance and some social support . 
  i also would n't like to deal with the american police who are more often aggressive and shooty . 
  pretty reasonable i think . 
  sure there are worse places than the us , but life there does n't seem to have the security life in many european countries offers . 
  i 'm not saying that all americans make these types bad jokes though . 
  the point is that almost only americans could make this type of cringe . 
  if you had n't noticed sas is n't about finding stupid ignorant americans , pointing at them and going `` hurr durr all fucking americans like this !, 
  it 's about laughing at uniquely ( or almost uniquely ) american ignorance that a minority of americans exhibit . 
  you could take almost any entry to this subreddit , look at the comments and find americans that disapprove , because not all americans are sas material . 
  however , thinking `` hmm i 'm going to the uk what kind of jokes shall i make that my american audience will understand , ooh i know ... austin powers ! '', 
  is the kind of thing that only an american annoying youtuber could think . 
  i 'm with you !, 
  give me those pyramid facts !, 
  no that 's a schwa , it 's just come out like `` uh '' . 
  like the - a in father then , or the silly way americans say loan words like milan . 
  what drives me mad is that in german - w is pronounced like the english - v. fine , they 'll say `` vat '' instead of `` what '' . 
  what i 'll never understand is why the fuck they pronounce english words that have - v in them like the english - w ??? 
  it 's not even a sound in german !, 
  i 'm sick of hearing about adwentures and walwes . 
  can into anschluss now ? 
  trust me it 's not just them , it 's all the bloody germans , i have to teach them english . 
  in non-rhotic forms it 's - ar , rhotic speakers will write it like - ah . 
  just like non-rhotics will write `` ergh '' for disgust and `` er '' and `` erm '' for the sounds you make when you 're thinking what to say , while rhotics will write `` ugh '' and `` uhh '' and `` um '' . 
  they 've been trying for over one hundred years and they still have n't quite got it : /, 
  not sure , 400 is definitely over 100 hundred though !, 
  ok so - v is made by putting your top teeth on your bottom lip so they form a kind of seal , then blowing air through the gaps in your teeth , and then bringing your bottom lip away by opening your jaw slightly . 
  it 's what we called a voiced sound , so there is activity in your throat ( like humming ) as your make the sound . 
  so - w is also a voiced sound so there is this humming in your throat , and it 's made in a similar way . 
  however in this case the teeth are not involved . 
  what you do is put your lips very close together as if you were saying `` ooooooooo what a lovely dress '' , and then bring them apart again by dropping your lower lip and opening your jaw a bit . 
  as you can see they are similar sounds , made in a similar way , however the big difference is that - v is using your top teeth and - w is just using your lips . 
  for people whose first language does n't have both phonemes it can be very hard to distinguish the two sounds , however to an english speaker it sticks out like a sore thumb if someone is using the wrong one , and can lead to confusion between words like went and vent . 
  [ i 've recorded the sounds for you to copy if you like . ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s1zvutj5jrdl ) . 
  first you 'll hear the starting position of the sound , then the phoneme pronounced , then a word with it in the prevocalic position and then one in the intervocalic position , and finally the words said normally without any stress . 
  it 's true , the better off you are the less you understand the significance of job loss . 
  i 'm lucky enough to know that if shit hit the fan i could go spend some time with my family , but would still probably end up taking the crappiest job imaginable . 
  for some people that is n't even an option , it 's hard enough trying to find a job while on jobseeker 's allowance in the uk , basic stuff like getting the bus to an interview is a nightmare , i ca n't imagine the desperation of people in the usa in that situation . 
  also many people do not have parental support to fall back on , not even a roof over their head never mind financial aid . 
  so many wealthy successful people do n't seem to realise how easy they had it when some people do n't have any family or friends willing to help them get through a bad patch . 
  i really think that would be the worst thing in the states , the job market , knowing your job is n't particularly secure and that if it goes wrong it would mean losing your healthcare and things we take for granted . 
  you can see why so many americans work 2 jobs , i suppose it provides that safety net in case you lose one . 
  except it does n't do that . 
  all i see is a guy leaning into the personal space of another person with his arms crossed , safely away from that person 's body . 
  then i see the kid smash a bottle on that person head . 
  furthermore i do n't know about american law but in british law self-defence has to be proportionate to the threat . 
  there 's no way in hell a judge would deem bottling someone proportionate self defence to someone merely entering your personal space in a seemingly non-threatening way . 
  you , like so many redditors are massively naive about how the law works . 
  you might look at this video and think , big kid picking on smaller kid , he got what he deserved , but i court is n't allowed to make those kind of assumptions . 
  from this video alone this kid would face charges that 's for certain . 
  there might be some mitigation on the grounds that he felt threatened by having someone move into his person space , he might be able to claim that in the heat of the moment he did n't realise he had the bottle in his hand , but it 's not going to nullify what he 's done . 
  if the bully has suffered physical injury ( cuts , stitches and so on ) then he 's in deep shit , aggravated assault charge , either he serves time or gets a lengthy probation with a criminal record ruining his chances of getting into college or finding a decent job . 
  even worse in the us where criminal records do n't automatically expire after a certain period . 
  someone else is filming , and someone else is encouraging him to go after him . 
  the actions of other people are totally irrelevant from the perspective of the law in this incident . 
  there 's no evidence that he did go after him afterwards . 
  sure maybe they were a gang of bullies conspiring to piss the kid off and capture it on camera , but a judge can not assume that unless there is some solid evidence to suggest it be the case . 
  if he followed him and beat him up then that will count in the small kids favour but still , it does n't entire nullify what he did , it would only be a mitigating factor .
