  you have n't a fucking clue . 
  in some countries you have to pay a tv licence . 
  in the uk you only have to pay if you own a tv . 
  it 's like 200 pounds are year or something . 
  it pays for the bbc and other government funded television initiatives . 
  if you 're american then naturally you wo n't have heard of it . 
  because friendly nazis just like chalk !, 
  aww poland can not into a break, 
  neither of those are real cockneys , the other one is just roughly from london but hams up the cockney in this video for effect . 
  america most likely , they struggle with ~ ~ a lot of british accents ~ ~ english . 
  nobody cares what you think . 
  shut up . 
  not to sound like a neckbeard here but did nature intend that ? 
  in most brutal societies it was pretty much all about survival to the point where 15 year old girls were glad to be marrying rich influential ugly middle aged dudes simply because it ensured them a comparatively more pleasant life than what they 'd face if they married someone ordinary . 
  however failing a rich old dude most woman would be happy with being married to a physically fit man of some status who could protect her from exploitation . 
  the cradle of evolution did prioritise fitness , but what fitness meant was not remotely the same as what we consider it today . 
  society not only provides women with the financial and physical security to redefine fitness into different terms . 
  it also takes the pressure of them to settle for someone lest be left in a situation whereby they 'd regret their decision not to find someone by the optimal breeding age . 
  obviously this is not a bad thing , however from a purely evolutionary standpoint it 's not necessarily in line with our instincts . 
  there were some pretty interesting experiments done on mice in which they gave them pretty much utopian condition in which to thrive . 
  this resulted in a high population density but the experimenters ensured that despite this no malthusian consequences occurred , keeping the mice well fed and entertained . 
  the result was that something like 90 % of the males stopped breeding and merely engaged in obsessive preening behaviour in an attempt to mate but never actually achieving it . 
  the fact remains that we did not evolve under condition wherein environmental stresses were removed and artificial abundance was achieved . 
  one only need look at the declining birthrates of densely populated principally first world countries to see this effect . 
  the only thing keeping the birthrate positive in many developed countries is immigration from countries with greater scarcity . 
  what we 're possibly in this example is how intrasexual selection has effectively been diminished in the process . 
  sure men compete , but they compete for the favour of women rather than amongst themselves for the right to a woman , and while it might seem abhorrent to us to think that men in the past would fight over a woman without the woman having much say in the matter , it does n't change the fact that from purely evolutionary standpoint it changes things quite significantly . 
  our instincts are not evolved for the conditions we have created . 
  i would never commit the naturalistic fallacy of claiming that because something is ( or was ) this way in nature , therefore it ought to be like this now , but simply saying that things are as nature intended is n't very helpful . 
  nature did n't remotely cause us to evolve to deal with modern life, 
  outside of the us `` but it 's better than a lifetime of paying for free medication . '', 
  the scientist in me says cico is a bit reductive , but the anti-fat logic-er says its ok . 
  it is n't quite that simple , but in regards to weight loss in 99.99 % of the population it may as well be . 
  for the whole 3 weeks a year it gets above that temperature ? 
  arse is the original word from earlier germanic langauges . 
  arsch german , ars dutch . 
  ass is just a corruption like cuss is to curse . 
  the northern european climate is very mild . 
  remember we are farther north than much of canada , but have special climate due to the atlantic ocean . 
  it rarely gets very cold or very warm here . 
  most of the time it 's between 10 - 20 degrees , meaning air conditioning is a waste of money . 
  for example you might get 6 inches of snow one the ground in january and an average of 25 in august . 
  compare that to new york where it 's heavy snow in winter and 30 degrees plus for ages in summer . 
  heating is more important because obviously the winter months are still cold , but nobody wants or needs air con , it 's just not hot enough most the time . 
  in fact the only people who seem to care are fat american tourists who happen to turn up during a heat wave and get all red faced and indignant about the fact that they might have to open a window . 
  ah yeah , screens for the non-existent bugs to remove the smells that will be magically purified by the air conditioning . 
  americans do not seem to understand how vastly different the european climate is from north america . 
  if screen were necessary in europe then people would buy them , same with air conditioning . 
  in most of the uk we have maybe 1 month , august , where you go outside and see the sun , and every few years it fails to appear and it rains all month . 
  i also suggest you get in touch with your local curry house about their hygiene issue , or book a better hotel . 
  americans need to hold onto some sense of superiority lest they regret the revolution . 
  never heard that stereotype . 
  british people are less fond of organised dating than the us though , we do n't tend to talk about `` dates '' . 
  most people i know met through friends . 
  sometimes people might ask another one out i.e. 
  asking for their number in order to arrange to go somewhere . 
  however , there will rarely be clear outlining about whether this is a `` date '' or not . 
  that way both parties can save face if there is no chemistry . 
  i knew some americans and it was weird how they would organise `` dates '' and dates would have different expectations to merely hanging out . 
  women in america can just `` date '' loads of guys and go for tonnes of free meals . 
  none of this says that dates do n't happen , especially amongst older people looking for serious relationships , but there wo n't be a dating scene like in some us cities . 
  girls wo n't tend to be dating a bunch of guys as if they were shifting through a bunch of options . 
  people just tend to be single and open to hooking up with the right people , then they might be `` seeing each other '' ( or seeing multiple people ) which just means banging each other without any commitment , and then they 'll be going out together , which would mean an exclusive relationship . 
  maybe you 've just heard this because american women might have certain expectations that british women do not . 
  they might get asked out by a british guy and have certain date expectations whereby the man should be showing off his desirability and showing her a good time when really he 's still testing the water to see if there is interest / compatibility there . 
  people water christmas trees ? 
  we always had those ones cut at the stump that go in those little holders , no idea how one would water that . 
  apartments and aeroplanes, 
  land of the free !, 
  whoop whoop !, 
  thereover , hereunder ,, 
  the bombs explode like thunder ,, 
  we all get our way by fear ,, 
  but that 's terrorism my dear, 
  no idea who this adam scott is , the only adam scott i know is a golfer . 
  i mean seriously . 
  what if the british empire had sat out the war like hitler had hoped they would instead of deciding that britain had more in common with the nazis than the soviets . 
  hitler probably would 've beaten the russians . 
  the british empire would have had to been a much closer trading partner with the new super reich stretching from the maas to the memel , with the slavic countries being depopulated to make space for germanic peoples , the other nations like france , spain and the nordic countries being nothing more than vassals of the new german empire . 
  the japanese would have taken korea , large swathes of china and eastern russia . 
  the whole world would be pretty much divided into european empires , japan , and america . 
  the us would n't even be a super power , you 'd probably just have four great powers instead , germany , japan , britain and the us . 
  the italians and french as lesser powers heavily influenced by the reich . 
  i mean hitler had always hoped that the british would come around once they saw his intentions were primarily directed eastwards . 
  his intentions in france were principally to humiliate them because of ww1 , but he was n't looking at expanding westward with what he perceived as vast lands inhabited by untermenschen to east . 
  had britain not stood up to hitler when they did then america would not have even joined the war in the 1st place . 
  decolonisation would have never happened . 
  the world we 'd be looking at would look far more like the 19th century than it does currently and the us would have nothing like the relevancy it does today . 
  a horrific notion yes , but not one that would 've particularly harmed britain . 
  additionally . 
  if anything it 's the americans that should be thanking the british for opposing hitler and not just letting things play out as america was quite happy to . 
  unless you 're talking a dry pint , in which case it 's 551ml, 
  when i 'm cooking with mercury and liquid nitrogen it 's a pain in the arse to pull out the conversion chart . 
  saw it a lot at my school that took a lot of gifted types . 
  there was one with a psycho mother , first generation chinese immigrant , barely spoke english , she would wait outside the music department for hours after school while he practised . 
  many times she 'd be found sneaking into one of the disused classrooms with his 2 year old sister trying to make the 2 year old play the piano , holding it in front of the keys trying to get it to play mary had a little lamb or something . 
  the kid was flamboyant and precocious , completely ostracised by the students . 
  it was just assumed he was homosexual , had no real friends apart from maybe a couple of the other prodigy types . 
  even the teachers left him alone because he did n't seem like a child really but rather more like a middle aged homosexual music teacher . 
  anyway , that 's what he grew up to be , a music teacher .
