  the first part is the hardest . 
  once you 're conversational the rest comes quick . 
  that 's not my experience at all . 
  think about how many immigrants there are in the uk who 've lived there for years if not decades , speak english all day , but still make mistakes in grammar and pronunciation , and still use a somewhat simplified form of the language . 
  i think most people tend to hit a plateau around the intermediate level but breaking into true fluency either takes years of using the language or incredibly dedicated study . 
  then again , fluency is n't strictly defined , if you mean using the language capably without getting stuck too often and understanding the majority of everyday speech , then two years is about right . 
  if you mean using the language at level that might be required of a highly paid professional with a range of expression that approaches that of native speakers , well many people do n't achieve that in 20 years , but i think for most people you 're looking at 5 years of living in a country until speaking the language becomes so second nature that it 's virtually like speaking your native . 
  i 'm in a similar situation where i do about half my socialising in german but work in english . 
  this way is definitely slower than full immersion . 
  i 'm quite jealous of my friends who 've been fully in german at work , while they 're all stressed out at first they tend to improve quickly . 
  i think i 'll need at least another year before contemplating attempting the c1 exams . 
   folk hokh shoolay, 
  i do n't want to be mean but if that 's how you 're pronouncing it ca n't be that amazing !, 
  possibly the laziest . 
  i know of no german dialect that pronounce final - e as `` ay '' . 
  final syllable - e is always pronounced with a reduced vowel in all the major dialects i know of ( i ca n't speak for places like switzerland and luxembourg , they speak weird ) . 
  also there is an - s in there `` volkshochschule '' which is genitive . 
  it 's literally people 's high school , and i do n't know of any dialect that would n't pronounce that sound . 
  the word will differ from region to region . 
  whether the - l is dark or light for example , whether the - ch sounds more like - sh - ch or - k , vowels will different to some degree , but i ca n't imagine anyone saying it the way you 've written it . 
  too self-interested to take a relatively low paying line of work in which you could easily end up losing your life in some completely unnecessary conflict that really boils down to economic motivations . 
  seriously . 
  i think in the past there were more perks with service such as increased social standing , being taught marketable skills , a secure pensions , but now it 's a real dead end . 
  nice to know you 're well off and protected enough to be able to squander a generation while we reboot the entire economy / britain 's geopolitical position . 
  nice that you 're so confident in corbyn you think he can win and then repair all the damage the tories will do when they 're free of eu legislation . 
  seriously , people are going to hurt from this for decades , and your resignation is only helping it happen . 
  i 'm on the merkel motorway and it seems just fine :d, 
  i drive a chevrolet movie theater !, 
  what 's the light red splodge in the east midlands region of the uk all about ? 
  transatlantic english springs to mind , although there are n't that many people who speak it natively these days . 
  depends what you mean by natively . 
  while its origins were mostly artificial , mixing various coast upper class dialects with british rp to great a `` standard '' , there were people who grew up in communities where it was widely spoken and for them it would be a native way of speaking . 
  anyway , your question is somewhat overly simplistic , what you 're really asking is whether there were ever a prestige dialect that lost its prestige and came to be considered regional variation . 
  this has certainly happened a lot throughout history . 
  however , the problem is that language shifts in the perception of language happen gradually , and at the time language is evolving . 
  for example , if dialect a1 is consider prestige in 1930 and dialect b1 is considered a regionalism , you might get a situation 50 years later where accent b2 ( the evolution of b1 ) is considered prestige , whereas the accent a2 ( the evolution of a1 ) is considered regional , but there 's no way for accent a1 and b1 to stay the same while this shift is happening , so you end up with very different dialects . 
  certainly if you go back in history it was much more common for regions to have their own prestige dialects that were considered standard for the region , alongside more colloquial modes of speaking that were considered non-standard . 
  so few americans seem to realise that american `` health and beauty '' standards are designed to make money . 
  so if you can promote the idea that anything it but chalk white perfectly straight teeth is hideous then you can sell more braces and whitening products . 
  sure if people have fucked up teeth it 's necessary , a mangled mouth will ruin anyway smile , but in the us they sake exploiting teenage anxieties to make money off their parents to the extreme . 
  i know for a fact that at a certain age in the us more kids seem to have braces than do n't . 
  it 's simply not possible for so many people to have fucked up teeth in a modern country where people brush with fluoride paste , it 's just that american dentists have made it so that anyone who does n't naturally have a somewhat artificial looking hollywood smile thinks they need them . 
  in reality , a few gaps between your teeth , or a very slight over/underbite is n't going to make an attractive person ugly , it will probably just add character , likewise , your ugly child is n't going to suddenly grow up to be good looking if you make sure their teeth are perfect . 
  when you see american women , especially those in advertisement and soaps and things , they honestly cease to look like human beings at all some times and just like fake impersonations of them . 
  i mean christ [ look at this picture of hilary clinton ] ( http://images.google.de/imgres?imgurl=https%3a%2f%2fsylverblaque.files.wordpress.com%2f2011%2f08%2fhillary-clinton.jpg&amp;imgrefurl=https%3a%2f%2fsylverblaque.wordpress.com%2f2011%2f08%2f12%2fthe-american-smile%2f&amp;h=292&amp;w=400&amp;tbnid=ljr7zi0-60owlm%3a&amp;vet=1&amp;docid=0v2zcknbyrcp4m&amp;ei=qp99wlwjbd6ugab5voy4cq&amp;tbm=isch&amp;iact=rc&amp;uact=3&amp;dur=4194&amp;page=0&amp;start=0&amp;ndsp=20&amp;ved=0ahukewi1l4qyicnrahvef8akhxkfa5cqmwgtkaiwag&amp;safe=off&amp;bih=736&amp;biw=1344 ) . 
  her teeth look like you could use them as a ruler ( you can also see how much work has been done to get her hair that way ) . 
  to me it 's quite a scary look , like almost uncanny valley territory . 
  celebrities on stuff like oprah honestly seem like they could be lizard people wearing skin suits , especially when combined with all the botox to fight wrinkles and other treatments meaning their faces do n't quite express themselves naturally anymore . 
  it 's not about germs it 's about civilisation . 
  many people could n't give a fuck about sharing a bottle with their friends , but in a dinner context it just undermining the whole ritual of collective dining . 
   you get what you pay for . 
  with wine i can tell you it 's only true to a point . 
  99,9 % of the world could n't tell the difference between a $ 25,00 wine and a $ 2.500,00 wine in a blind taste test . 
  sommeliers claim to , but i 'm not 100 % convinced they 're not just talking shit . 
  avoiding that really cheap wine is a good idea , as that is basically just someone selling off the grapes that did n't quite come out right this season under same tacky label that does n't have a reputation is maintain . 
  but honestly you can get really good wine in the $ 10-20 range if you know where to look and anything more expensive will be wasted on virtually everyone except perhaps wine connoisseurs . 
  so much of the market is based on snobbery , and how people get off on drinking something with a high price tag . 
  uk is quite similar in that it has far fewer mosquitos than mainland europe . 
  most of what people mistake for mosquitos there are actually gnats / midges and other kind of nasty little shits . 
  the moderately cold winters and damp whether keeps our bugs small , which is how we like them . 
  after a certain point that just becomes awkward i think . 
  if i was approached by some american family who claimed we were related from 1898 my response would be `` that 's nice '' quickly followed by `` excuse me i have things to do '' . 
  many seem to forget that most people have hundreds of relatives from that far back , and we rarely seem to give a shit . 
  i mean if you 're still living in the same small town as you great great grandparents then it 's likely that you 're related to half your neighbours . 
  it 's no big deal . 
  i ca n't even be arsed with my 2nd cousins , we have met on occasion but they do n't feel like family . 
  the way you pronounce the letter - r seems to carry for miles . 
  i can usually tell when there 's an american within 20 ft in a busy bar . 
  even in a busy street that you can just hear rawrrawrawrrawr when there 's a group of americans half down the road . 
  so yeah , just try to drop it down a few decibels and you be fine . 
  broken britain :(, 
  meh , you likely have family all over the world if you 're willing to go back that far , are you contacting them ? 
  i think americans often get a somewhat romantic image of europe , in that they see us as very mono-cultural , as well as a false sense of its history , underestimating how much intermixing has occurred in europe throughout the centuries . 
  we find it strange that culturally you so often take an interest in your heritage , as if that made a bloody difference to the person you are today . 
  i 'm english but i have french , irish , scottish and welsh lineages in my family , and that 's only going back like 3-4 generation . 
  it 's our living cultures that give us our national identities , not our blood lines , we 're all mongrels if we go back far enough . 
  the only people who even maintain a pretence of not being are those with pretensions to aristocracy , and even then if you go back far enough you 'll find the paupers , foreigners , and people of ill repute . 
  i can imagine an america approaching a european family they were distantly related to , but i ca n't imagine a european doing the same to another european or whatever . 
  it just seems like it only matters to americans , probably due to some strange cultural sense of lack with not being able to trace their lineages in the land they 're living back to time immemorial . 
  i mean would you bother looking up your 3rd cousin in new jersey ? 
  so you could share the magnificent cultural differences with one another ? 
  i doubt it , so why does it make a difference if they 're in another country . 
  my point is that if you 're distantly related to me so are hundreds of other people , and i have as much in common with them as i do with you . 
  they might live round the corner from me but it would be weird to go and say `` hey you 're my 3rd cousin '' , so why would it make a difference when you 're living 3000 miles away . 
  i mean christ i dread to think what peculiar mix of people i 'd run into if i sought out all my 3rd and 4th cousins . 
  probably everything from doctors to heroin addicts . 
  hundreds in the city where i grew up alone , and then probably many dispersed all over the world ( i already have known family in america and australia , i 'm sure there 's a lot more where they came from ) . 
  all i 'm saying it what do you expect if you turn up on some distant relative in europe ? 
  that you be welcomed back to the clan with open arms , that you 'll be feasted and toasted as one of the clan come home from distant lands ? 
  nope , what 's actually going to happen is exactly the same as if you got in touch with a 3rd cousin to lived somewhere else in the states . 
  at first they 'll probably be suspicious that you 're trying to screw them for money , if you get past that stage they might humour you if they 're nice , but they 're not really going to feel as if you have anything in common with you . 
  at best you might meet for a slightly awkward meal somewhere , say your farewells , and send each other christmas cards for the rest of your life , that 's about the best you can hope for . 
  haha not monsters , to me it reminds me of frogs ribbitting . 
  the really really cheap stuff just does n't taste as nice , and by really cheap i mean like , $ 2-3 a bottle . 
  sure if you like it , drink it . 
  but we aware that most people do n't like it . 
  it 's like the difference between real cider and the artificially flavoured alcoholic apple drink you see homeless people with . 
  i guess you 're too young to remember the ancient classic lines of beenie man who famously once said `` zim zimmer , who got the keys to my bimmer ? '', 
  ( which was his way of saying beamer ) . 
  for [ your reference ] ( https://youtu.be/dsqhnmanxdg?t=11 ),
