  kn\u00f6del mix . 
  depends if you 're expecting stuff to keep or whether you 're planning on just giving them some snacks for the holiday . 
  my god you krauts love your creamy stuff . 
  just to clear things up , british expats do not get free health insurance when they 're living in europe with fom . 
  all they get is access to the public healthcare system . 
  tourists , posted workers , and workers still primarily resident in britain get free health insurance in eu countries ( the kind who go home at weekends and do n't spend enough time out of britain to account as resident abroad ) . 
  people who are there under ordinary conditions do not and are bound by the same rules as would apply to regular citizens of those countries . 
  it 's a bit of a myth that britons get free health insurance in europe , but a lot of people believe it because tourists get it and most people only have experience of being a tourist . 
  go live in any eu nation apart from the nordic nations that also run the beveridge model and you will have to pay just like the locals do . 
  arguably the conflict between the beveridge and bismarck models of health insurance as been a root problem in britain 's relationship with the eu has been festering under the surface for a while . 
  purely because the argument that migrants are draining resources becomes more cogent when you know they can access the national healthcare system freely in the same way brits can compared to when you know all migrants not on benefits have to pay into a public insurance fund . 
  it may not be a reality that eu migrants have been causing the nhs to come under strain , but what people have potentially failed to account for is the psychological aspect and how it affects people . 
  as entitled as we may feel it is , think how old people must feel when they 're in the doctor 's queue next to migrants . 
  they are going to reach the conclusion that they are taking resources they need . 
  then look at the age of brexit voters , is it surprising . 
  people will always prioritise their own experience over what others tell them or empirical data for the most part . 
  abstractions are devoid of comparable emotional import . 
  germans know that workers come from eu countries must , by law , pay a significant healthcare contribution unless they 're on benefits , and germany has been forcing more and more measures that make it harders for eu migrants to access their welfare state . 
  meanwhile , the british man on the street just knows that eu migrants can move to the uk and get the same healthcare they can for nothing . 
  edit : if you 're downvoting this you 're a fucking moron . 
  look up the rules if you do n't believe me . 
  british eu migrants , like myself , pay the same health insurance costs as residents do . 
  somebody is projecting hard , compensating for america 's original willingness to stand by and allow a dictator to conquer europe are we ? 
  do britain 's world beating accomplishments make you froth at the mouth constantly or just when writing garbled reddit comments ? 
  keep trying chap :d it must hurt knowing you 're second best when compared to our millennia old world conquering kingdom . 
  when you want to thank us for being the only country courageous enough to oppose fascism you know where to find us . 
   vice versa those do n't pay anything for visiting the doctor in berlin or paris - the cost is being paid by the british state . 
  actually mate we all have to make health insurance contributions as required under the grundgesetz just like any other resident or national in germany . 
  i am an eu migrant directly affected by this and even i can see how this is basically a power play . 
  the eu would come under a lot more strain from this result with millions of returning workers than the uk would , especially given how on the continent reciprocating such a deal would play badly . 
  it 's not necessarily a good power play , and may well backfire , but i do n't think her intention is really for this situation to arise . 
  hang on just a second there though . 
  if it 's so obvious to the audience that british people resident in europe must make health insurance contributions , why on earth does he need to point out that britons do n't pay anything to see a doctor . 
  what is the value of this statement whatsoever ? 
  making out like the statement is obviously about the paying at point of delivery is incredibly intellectually dishonest . 
  especially given how nobody is germany pays anything for visiting the doctor at point of access anyway . 
  what the eu gets us is access to the german public krankenkassen and little else . 
  it 's not `` paid for '' by british taxpayers in any way asides indirectly by reciprocity when they allow eu citizens to access the nhs and foot the tax bill . 
  it 's a german journalist being manipulative to give the impression that the british government currently way for the medical care of british citizens resident in germany is what it is . 
  it 's glossing over the inherent unbalance between the two systems because it 's not something the german audience want to hear , simple as that . 
   it just goes to show once again how much the remain campaign failed that such concerns were n't even mentioned . 
  after 15 years of eu bashing from the right wing media and tory mps using the eu for a scapegoat for any old crap when they feel like it i honestly doubt there was much remain could 've done to negate those perceptions in a reasonable time frame . 
  even if we could go back to before the referendum and do it again i doubt that would be the best , or even a viable , strategy to change the result . 
   and then of course there 's the fact that working immigrants still pay taxes that go towards the nhs . 
  the only real difference is that they do n't show up as a separate item on their tax forms . 
  however there is a big difference in the sense that tax 1 ) is completely scaled , diminishing to nothing if that person earns under a certain level and increasing unendingly with increased income ( even if the rate of increase caps at 45 % ) 2 ) relies to some degree on the good will of the individual to honestly declare and pay the amount they should ( which means assuming good faith on the behalf of most migrants ) . 
  comparatively most rich germans have the option to opt out of public health contributions at a certain level of income in favour comprehensive private cover . 
  also a minimum flat cost ( roughly 400 euros per month ) as in germany is much easier to enforce and therefore the fear that the system is being gamed is much lower . 
  the bismarck model of health insurance is really nothing more than a flat tax , one handled by quasi private institutions with an element of free market competition yes , and also one you can opt out of if you qualify for benefits , but the effect is the same . 
  german pensioners can be confident that young migrants are actually overpaying for their health insurance ( private insurance is a lot cheaper but obvious there are risks ) , as they wo n't be earning over the opt out level and can will have to put in more than they 're liable to take out until they 're old , at which point those german pensioners will be long dead and wo n't have to worry . 
  british pensioners have not had that certainty . 
  all they have is the faith in authorities and experts telling them that the eu migrants are putting in more than they 're taking out , and even the assumption that that will provide a net benefit requires faith in the government to manage the funds well and improve the system . 
  if you had n't noticed mismanagement of money for the nhs is a big issue and most people do n't have that faith . 
  see my other post for the psychological aspect of the difference . 
  i do think it 's unbalance because in reality migrants can move to the uk , earn very little ( or at least declare very little on their tax returns if they 're self employed ) , and still have treatments that cost tax payers millions of pounds . 
  under the bismarck model the minimum contribution for anyone not on benefits is precise amount required to balance the books . 
  every employed migrant in germany must pay at least roughly $ 4800 per year into the coffers of their krankenkasse ( half being paid by the companies in the case of full time employment ) . 
  many migrants in the uk only pay about that much tax a year overall , and that 's to pay for everything , and only a small percentage of that will ever make it to the nhs . 
  the bismarck system safeguards each and every germans share in the public health system in a way that the beveridge model never could . 
  the german system 1 ) does n't allow employed low earners or tax cheats sap the system 2 ) does n't rely on economic data and abstract arguments to convince people that migrants are contributing 3 ) does n't require people to have faith in the government to spend tax money effectively to improve the system ( due to the quasi-free market nature of treatment ) . 
  the fact is that we ca n't just push the failings onto the british public , or even just the british government . 
  the british government was pro-eu up until before the election after all , and once in a sense part of the eu machinery . 
  i keep making this clear to my non-british friends that brexit represents not only a bad political shift , but also a failure on the behalf of the eu to maintain the integrity of its union , which many do n't want to hear ( although some recognise this ) . 
  it 's easy to just project negativity onto britain and that this all happened due to exceptionalism or entitlement , that the brits are deluded or whatever . 
  however , focussing too much on the objective state of affairs is a mistake people also make when dealing with the public , and it was the public who voted for brexit . 
  it 's in part a failure of the eu to address the opinions of its citizens and account for the british political landscape / general consensus . 
  they should have been progressively managing their image from day one if you ask me . 
  there 's a reason `` faceless bureaucrats '' has resounded with people for a reason . 
  the truth is i do n't think the eu has done that much wrong per se , it 's just that they have failed to account for the image and that has been their downfall in the uk . 
  the eu have bee aloof , and in what might be considered typical european fashion , have naively assumed that if they did good work then it would eventually be recognised . 
  ultimately they 've been beaten in the domain of public opinion , and an institution that is meant to be supranational should n't really be so easily toppled . 
  interestingly , i reckon that if we 'd had true election for eu president then the eu would 've resounded with the people because of the grand political theatre that would 've been . 
  such elections are one of the most inclusive aspects of any democracy , see the us for an example . 
  even if the president role was n't a powerful position , it would 've created a sense of democratic unity . 
  the mep elections were always a flop , something most people ignored or only get involved with as an afterthought . 
  it was only in controversial seats that anyone gave a shit . 
  a more engaged eu would 've been more successful . 
  bit uncanny valley no ? 
  those are two totally different phenomena . 
  one is the labialisation of the alveolar approximant - r . the other is the vocalisation of dark - l. neither are in standard british english and both are mostly found in dialects in and around london . 
  `` throwing a w in '' is kinda a silly way to think about any accent or dialect to be honest . 
  they are not `` throwing in '' a completely different letter , much rather the sounds they recognise as - r and - l have shifted in a direction which means you ( incorrectly i 'll add ) hear it as a sound more similar to - w. 
  to give a more precise explanation , the reason the pun works in british english is because some english dialects have the put-putt merger , meaning those words are homophones , in a broad sense making both words sound similar to how most other dialects in britain would pronounce put ( but not putt ) . 
  look and luck happen to contain these vowels . 
  in most dialects , both british and american , wookie and lookie rhyme just fine . 
  the difference is that you ca n't convincingly say `` lookie '' and expect it to pass as a phonetic rendering of `` lucky '' in the us , as no us dialects have these words as homophones . 
  consequently , you certainly ca n't make a pun saying `` wookie '' in place of `` lucky '' , and the joke does n't work . 
  the new google earth is amazing for this kind of trip . 
  irish beef is in no danger to be honest . 
  after bse irish beef became the quality beef of europe and many europeans wo n't eat british beef because of the bse scare . 
  honestly it 's something that 's been jumped by on anglophobes to hold over britain , kinda ridiculous how much of drama some people with agendas caused over it . 
  philosophy . 
  if you can understand it you can totally change the way you perceive and understand the world from nothing more than markings on a page . 
  the closest thing we have to magic imo . 
  science is flashy and impressive but the mechanisms behind it are the in many ways the opposite of magic . 
  meanwhile we have very little comprehension of how philosophy actually works because we have very little idea how thinking works . 
  we ca n't stand outside ourselves and examine ourselves . 
  learning formal logic for example will let you see the world in a vastly clearer and different way . 
  not at all . 
  i just meant that it 's a bit of an overreaction to ban all britons who were alive during bsc from giving blood on the continent ever , and give it such bad name so it ca n't be sold at all ... all because of a handful of people who got a rare disease .
