  then many have the nerve to comment on other countries ' cultural cuisine . 
  the body acceptance crowd is out today it seem !, 
  i think everyone who 's been to university has come across that fresher who thinks he knows fucking everything before he 's even started doing any real work . 
  maybe his mother just told him how awesome and intelligent he was a few too many times . 
  maybe all his friends in his hometown were dumb as a plank of wood and therefore he lorded it over them like some type of genius . 
  most likely he was the guy who sucked up to the teacher and though he was the next einstein for reading a few university level books whilst still in school . 
  anyway this guy ... what a fucking dickweed, 
  i 'm pretty sure what you 've just said is only true of us internal flights ... for me it 's departure time is local time , destination time is in destination time ? 
  pretty straightforward ? 
  unless that 's what you 're saying ? 
  i 'm confused by what you mean when you say `` tickets give the time '' ... 
  no that 's fucking bullshit . 
   i do n't remember eating with you recently . 
  you see that is your problem . 
  how is what ** you ** eat relevant ? 
  are you so egotistical ? 
   you do n't know what every american eats do you ? 
  you 've seen some posts on reddit and suddenly you are an expert . 
  you know nothing . 
  i 've been to america plenty of times . 
  i 've seen people shovelling that shit down their faces in the shopping malls en masse . 
  i do n't need to know what every american eats it to know that some pretty vile shit is available and somehow manages to stay in business . 
  in exactly the same way i do n't need to know every italian eats pasta to know italians eat pasta . 
  love how americans like to try and bend rules about generalisation when it suits them , and then generalise like fuck about everyone else . 
  your ice cream , your pizza , your `` italian food '' ( olive garden ) , it 's not fit for pigs and has the subtlety of a sledgehammer to the face ... 
  which in europe is basically a german company ... 
  look at all the fucks given ya preachy cunt, 
  it 's deliberately that way ... 
  not being in the us i do not know who this is ? 
  i think class and regional awareness is totally different now . 
  around birmingham it seems like of the older generations everyone apart from those who were legitimately posh , public school educated and such , speaks with a marked regional accent . 
  nowadays it seems more like only those who would consider themselves more or less working class retain the accent , and in people who would identify as middle class they either have a neutral accent or at least the birmingham accent is greatly reduced . 
  it 's probably more prominent here because of the stigma the brummie accent has . 
  there 's also some interesting qualities to younger brummy people 's accents that are entirely new , like - th fronting ( saying - th as - f ) , t-glottalling ( dropping - t for glottal stops ) , - h dropping as well . 
  these are traditionally london dialect features that seem to have been incorporated . 
  there 's also yod-dropping saying words like music as moosic without the - y sound . 
  it 's pretty interesting how young people come to speak . 
  nah mate , `` we people '' are responding like normal people . 
  if i drive a bmw do i insist on having a mechanic that drives a bmw ? 
  no , all i care about is how good his work is , enquiring further into his person habits is at best a bit cunty or at worst discriminatory . 
  then again , straight-edge is basically a cult for people who think there 's something special or remarkable about not drinking , smoking or taking drugs as if these were somehow requirements of modern society , so it 's not surprising you attach irrational significance to the ideological views of your tattoo artist . 
  well congratulations , yet another word people use incorrectly . 
  i can . 
  no i do n't understand , it 's a group dedicated to being healthy not a mystical tribal belief . 
  eggs and bacon ( since we 're saying random foodstuffs now ) . 
  bollocks is it making the world a better place , by not doing those things you 're not affecting the world in the slightest . 
  alcohol , tobacco and drugs are just inanimate objects , it makes literally no difference to the world if someone drinks a couple of beers on an evening or does n't . 
  now addiction is bad , but you 're not working to prevent or remedy addiction now are you , you 're just saying i 'm going to choose a healthy lifestyle . 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  nothing , unless you 're going to make a big deal about it as if not using such things was n't the default state of humans the world over . 
  seriously you 're making it into a real cult - making the world a better place ? 
  tattoos so especially significant they can only be inked by a fellow devotee ? 
  all you 're doing is what comes naturally to human beings anyway not exploring a religious belief . 
  keep telling yourself that . 
  i 'm sure the fact people in new england eat lobster and the people in louisiana eat swamp gumbo is equivalent to the differences found in foreign countries . 
  such diversity . 
  some towns in europe ( not cities ) are more populated than entire us states ? 
  more people more diversity right ? 
  because it 's utter bullshit , and if you think you perceived such a thing it 's nothing but confirmation bias . 
  due to subsidised dentistry which is free for under 18 's the uk actually has better average dental health than the us which can be statistically demonstrated . 
  the bad teeth thing is a terribly outdated stereotype going way back to around ww2 when frankly people had more important things to concern themselves with than getting their teeth fixed . 
  the only difference you 'd find now is british people are less likely to do things like their teeth whitened or bother getting a perfectly harmless gap fixed since we think the american idea of good teeth looks eerie and unnatural . 
  not washing their hands ? 
  i do n't know where the fuck you got this from , complete shite if you excuse the pun ... 
  my german friend explained this to me . 
  in the uk almost all the pubs make their money selling food , fish and chips or nachos or whatever . 
  the type of food drunk people order at 9pm when they realise their getting drunk too quickly . 
  and of course the pub lunch is a big deal in the uk so they 'll make money during the daytime too . 
  pubs that only focus on selling drinks are becoming increasingly rare , because they only make a small mark up on the booze which is controlled by the breweries and they get a shitty deal once you factor in things like the rent , wages and other costs of running a pub . 
  in germany the opposite is true , eating out is cheaper here , you can go almost anywhere and find a cheap meal , the cost of beer to the pubs is dirt cheap , so they 're making all their money off the drinks and as such there 's a strong resistance to the notion that anyone can go into a place where food/drink is served and be given free tap water . 
  really in germany they want you to buy beer , because where the profits lie . 
  things like lemonade and mineral water are expensive because they do n't make the same mark-up and want incentivise beer drinking . 
  taught myself * :p, 
  bit of a generalisation there buddy . 
  in the uk all supermarkets are open til 11pm except on sunday when they close at 4pm due to some rules about giving smaller shops some exclusive rights . 
  there are also plenty of 24 hour supermarkets around too . 
  here in the germany everywhere is open till 8pm , although almost nothing is open on sunday . 
  germany 's system is n't bad though because all shops are open until 8pm , including clothing shops , diy , everything , so it gives you chance to shop after work . 
  i 'm someone who dislikes it and i 'll do my best to explain why ... basically when someone talks about their heritage it 's uncomfortable in that it appears to me to be something of a bygone age of racism , nationalism and purity of blood . 
  probably stemming from hitler and his concept of ayran purity . 
  when americans say something like i 'm a quarter irish on my mother 's side so that 's why i like whiskey it just makes me cringe . 
  i know america likes to see itself as a melting pot , but because of this many americans seem to think that people in europe have been living in the same villages for thousands of years . 
  there 's been massive movement around europe for hundreds if not thousands of years . 
  if you take someone from any major place in europe there 's a great likelihood they 're a mixture of french , english , scandinavian , german and every other nationality . 
  sure there are prevalent features in different areas , redheads in scotland and blondes in sweden for example , but that does n't mean overall these places are n't genetically diverse . 
  so essentially to us if you say you are a quarter irish it means absolutely nothing , who 's to say your `` irish '' great grandfather was n't himself half french and half scottish ? 
  to be irish to us is to be from the country of ireland and to have lived there for a significant portion of your life , to be ingrained in the legitimately irish culture . 
  if you leave and go to another country within two generations whatever trace of being irish remained has gone , there is nothing in the blood or genetics that identifies you as anything than of vaguely european descent . 
  so when americans talk about their great great grandmother 's family coming over from county cork , or how their surname means they 're in the scott clan , we ca n't help but roll our eyes . 
  even worse when americans try and make a casual link between how they are now and their ancestry . 
  english people are some of the most mongrel folk in the world with romans , vikings , normans , danes , celts all living there , but this heritage means nothing since nothing of it remains , we kind of wish americans would see this and accept that having ancestors come from x place means nothing in today 's terms . 
  well i 'm taking the extreme examples , and think we know that really most americans do n't mean any harm by their curiosity with where their ancestors sailed to the new world from . 
  however in certain contexts it can be wearisome and slightly insulting . 
  for examples i 'm a uk citizen , if i look at my ancestry i can find names that would suggest i have family from scotland , wales , both the northern and southern irish counties , an italian and also names of norman origin . 
  however i would n't want to bring this up with someone from ireland or scotland as it if were in some way relevant or that meant there was some kind of bond between us . 
  i 'm as english as they come , bringing it up in most contexts seems like i 'm trying to appropriate their culture , as if i had a clue about what it means to be irish or scottish . 
  if i went to their country sure i would appreciate its good qualities , but i would n't dare to think i had some type of bond with the place simply because my great grandfather came over from ireland looking for work . 
  i mean if i looked further into my ancestry what else would i find ? 
  spaniards who washed up on the coast here ? 
  jewish merchants from central europe ?
