  you have to sue people in the country they live/operate in . 
  multinationals enforce their ip rights by having operations in every country they do business in , even if that branch is just a single office shell with a team of accountants tasked with sending profits back to countries that company really operates in . 
  yes , a norwegian company could sue someone in the us , if us law deems that you 've been wronged by someone in the us it does n't matter what your passport says , but international legal action is incredibly expensive , and simply does n't happen when there is n't lots of money at stake . 
  nah , we 're cheering because the sooner it fails the sooner we can go back to a good situation like we had in the eu and before the tories austerity plans . 
  all the positive arguments that make any sense whatsoever , like wanting to leave the neoliberal eu culture of austerity , or the ability to negotiate new treaties are both unrealistic or entirely theoretical . 
  yes , britain could brexit , negotiate itself great trade deals and prosper outside the eu , the likelihood of this happening is so fucking low . 
  also , if britain were a socialist country feeling restrained by the eu in its policy it might make sense to leave , but in fact our own majority supported government is far more austerity happy than the eu . 
  britain is doing the equivalent of leaving a highly paid job believing it can do better with absolutely no plan of action or new job in waiting . 
  the whole system is stupid . 
  add the cost of the bbc onto income tax and there will be no quasi legal fuckery around `` licence fees '' . 
  also all the significant bbc content is available online for free on 3rd party websites . 
  the iplayer really just made it more convenient to access . 
  now i imagine far more people will just pirate it rather than pay the fee or fuck around registering their existing licence on the site . 
  yeah , bunch of wankers peeping through windows and making empty threats . 
  it 's nougat with caramel layer at the top coated with chocolate . 
  they both make incomprehensible guttural noises and live next to a much bigger meaner culturally similar country that constantly invaded them throughout history ? 
  let 's face it , by the time we get there it 'll probably be spelt noo yerc after years of linguistic shift turn english into some weird dialect . 
  when homosexuality became legal is was still widely disapproved of , loads of countries took this opportunity to introduce a higher gay age of consent than what applied to man-woman relationships . 
   american history is so short and filled with triumph, 
  yeah , a lot of that triumph is self imagined . 
  most history books read something like , the thirteen colonies were a british colony , then they decided to have a revolution , because they refused to pay tax and constantly needed to be defended from other european powers like the french the british half arsed subduing their revolution , because this meant there was constant opposition to the war in parliament . 
  so then they made a country . 
  nobody was too bothered because they made more money from them as a trading partner than as a colony , and also because at the time canada and the west indies were where it was at because that 's where the best furs came from and where the sugarcane grew tallest . 
  some time later the americans decided to invade canada , which led to the british and canadians giving them a good thrashing and burnt down the white house . 
  the us eventually did have some military success once they 'd fled to the deep south and by then the war was officially over . 
  due to lack of internet nobody realised . 
  then there was a whole bunch of nothing . 
  at some point they had a civil war and stopped using black people as slaves and instead paid them really shitty wages and made them use separate toilets . 
  blah blah blah , whole lot of nothing that nobody but americans cared about and then came the 20th century and the us achieved relevancy . 
  it may come as a shock to americans who 've spent their whole lives hearing about their history , but up until the late 19th century the us was kinda a backwater that was n't considered very important on a global scale . 
  edit : jimmies officially rustled . 
  have no idea why the us needs to dress up its history to make out like the plight of us colonists in the 1820s was something the rest of the world cared about . 
  is n't it pretty obvious ? 
  why do you think a coke dealer cuts his product with other substances rather than just up the cost of a gram ? 
  people are n't rational about `` deals '' , if you raise the prices even with good reason you 'll lose customers , but if you sell an inferior product instead most people wo n't realise . 
  furthermore , during rationing customers did n't have much choice , they could n't just switch to a different brand of sausages . 
  so they have to accept your inferior product . 
  also , it 's fucking wartime , moral is a big deal . 
  when you 're really low on foodstuffs if you can convince people they 're getting more it makes the scarcity seem less bad and therefore people will be less miserable about it . 
  i 'm sure this was encouraged by government . 
  if each person is only permitted 1lb of meat a week and you can make it like 1.5 lb , even if it 's nutritionally the same , it 's still going to make the people feel less hard done by , and this more likely to support the war effort . 
  lol , it 's not a serious summary of us history , nonetheless , events in the us were n't very significant globally until around the time the 20th century began . 
  stop thinking about the price . 
  during this period price was not the issue . 
  during the war the scarcity and the price are not correlated . 
  the only way more money could buy you more food was on the black market . 
  the degree of scarcity is set by the government . 
  upping the price of the same sausage would n't have helped anyone , mainly because it does n't affect the quantity of meat you 're allowed to have , it would just mean you 'd get 2 sausages instead of 3 . 
  in fact such an action would 've been harmful to the war effort . 
  during times of war that money needs to be put towards valuable things , not lining the pockets of private entrepreneurs . 
  realistically they only had two choices . 
  make smaller sausages at the same price , meaning people feel pissed off that they 're getting less than before and feel like they 're getting shafted , or bloat the sausages so it 's less noticeable that the wartime scarcity of food is in effect and hope people do n't notice the difference or are at least placated by the size staying the same even if the nutrition goes down . 
  some market forces were at play people could choose which butcher to register at to buy their allowance of meat but that was it . 
  it did n't hurt the butchers to have bigger sausages than their competitors since it meant more people registered with them , although there were probably limitations on how many customers they were allowed to have . 
  you 're seriously failing to grasp what the conditions in wartime britain were like . 
  if you can in anyway hide the impacts the war is having on the daily lives of your civilian population then it 's common sense to grasp it , because the harder done by your people feel by the war , the more that sentiment can be used by your enemy to undermine your authority and turn public opinion against you . 
  the typical capitalist logic goes straight out the window in a total war scenario . 
  remember the government does n't want prices to rise according to the laws of supply and demand , it actively wants its population to feel as well fed as possible , so a butcher who can make people feel the impacts of the war less heavily is doing them an invaluable service . 
  bloating the sausages with water was 100 % the rational and logical course of action . 
  if you ca n't see it then you 're missing something , because they certainly were n't doing something that did n't make perfect sense . 
  there 's nothing contradictory in being both a `` potential '' power and an unimportant backwater . 
  america might be resources rich , but people fail to grasp that in the 18th and 19th century nobody cared about that . 
  the technology and man power to harvest such a vast resource simply did n't exist . 
  big does n't mean good when you have n't got the potential to do anything with it . 
  think about russia , utterly vast , resource rich , so why was n't every european top dog power eager to invade it ? 
  the reason is because in a world of seemingly endless frontier but a limited number of people to harvest those frontiers , all the matters is what you can make use of here and now with the people who 'll do what you tell them to . 
  the truth is , in the 18th century , the us was n't that valuable to the brits , it was big and difficult to defend , its main exports were stuff like tobacco and cotton . 
  the fact that there were tonnes of gold in far off hills and stuff like oil ( which was n't even considered valuable at the time ) , did n't make a difference in the here and now . 
  being involved in actually important wars and conflicts that impacted things at the time would 've made them relevant . 
  wars within their continent or a few alliances over north african conflicts did not . 
  you should read some history books that are n't on the us school curriculum then . 
  [ start here maybe ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/war_of_1812#american_expansionism ), 
   uh , russia is utterly vast and frigid . 
  please . 
  first off much of russia is temperate . 
  secondly the us has some incredibly harsh climates that were difficult to deal with for the people at the time . 
  us resources were also unsafe to collect , there were hostile tribes all over it . 
  i 'll also add as an aside that many of the most resource rich nations in the world are also the poorest . 
   further , i 'd strongly disagree that resource richness did not matter in the 18th or 19th century . 
  that was the time of great colonization in africa , hell even america was a colony for its abundance of resources . 
  i never resources did n't matter . 
  i said only those resources that you can practically make use of matter . 
  nobody was planning 100 years in the future back then . 
  getting a small island like jamaica , where you can totally control the native population , and easily defend , and profit from , was far more valuable to the empire at the time than owning vast fields of theoretical resources that you lack the logistical power to defend or make proper use of . 
  no , just add a few pennies on the pound across income tax generally , the efficiency of this would probably mean net savings for the majority . 
  man , i cba arguing with you . 
  this is n't about russia vs the us . 
  needless to say , in the 17th and 18th century , humanity lacked the ability to make use of the vast untapped resources of either the us or russia , and consequently the fact that riches in vast reserve existed there did n't really matter of the powerful people of the age . 
  their history really was n't as important as their national myth makes it out to be . 
  for much of their history europeans thought about the us for much of that era in the same way we think about kazakhstan , which is rarely , if at all . 
   no one thrashed anyone . 
  except you know , the us forces being chased down the mississippi and having their capital razed . 
  fyi `` inspiring '' the french revolution is of significance , but it 's hardly as significant has having the revolution itself . 
  killing a few pirates is n't a big deal either . 
  look i 'm not saying us history pre-20th century was entirely meaningless , but there 's a good reason most history curricula around the world cover the us 1760-1780 and then jump to the start of the 20th century . 
  their global significance for much of that time was that of a minor colonial power . 
  there could be ways to make sure their funding was kept at the same level as it would be with the tv licence to ensure the government did n't fuck around with it . 
  resources you could get at were incredibly important . 
  vast natural resources in the age before even steam trains were not . 
  do you see the difference ?
