  pick a side instead of choosing whatever is most convenient at the time please . 
  no they 're not fucking idle , that 's the tory logic affecting your brain i 'm afraid . 
  they are however uneducated and unmotivated , because they live in a right wing society that does n't give two shits about them or give them a ounce of respect since they 're not `` winners '' . 
  do n't get me started on your ridiculous outmoded class system , the us and them mentality which leads to everyone wanting to be the chefs and nobody wanting to be the cook . 
  yes , it 's true , in the uk you have a remarkable amount of fuckwits who think reading is `` gay '' and they 're a class traitor if they try to be anything but a layabout shit . 
  however what 's pathetic is the way uk society blames these people for this all the while cutting back on social services , not remotely attempting to change public attitude . 
  you just fucking wash your hands of people and it 's heartless and evil . 
  a major difference between germany and the uk is that here there is a sense of community between people regardless of their social background . 
  everyone is included and if people are falling through the gaps then society wants to address that , rather than as ever with right wing politics passing the blame onto the individual . 
  furthermore trickle down economics has been shown time and time again not to work . 
  making a good environment for business to prosper is fucking worthless unless you back it up with strong enforcement of labour laws and unions . 
  however this never fucking happens , enjoy the social inequality that will come from it as profit margins increase and business avoids paying taxes in every way possible . 
  britain has some of the strongest employment rights laws around and london is home to many massive international companies with many high paying jobs . 
  many times when reading your comments i feel like you 've never even bothered to look into uk politics . 
  you seem to be getting your views from comics . 
  i lived in the uk for 25 years , some comic that was ( although it was at times comical at least in regard to politics . ) . 
  london is virtually the one successful place in the uk , a banking haven , and has massive inequality when compared to the mass of people living in the rest of the england . 
  london might be doing well but the rest of the uk is floundering . 
  london is no defence to the uk 's shocking attitude of social negligence . 
  furthermore workers ' rights laws are irrelevant . 
  most of europe has strong workers ' rights . 
  you have weak unions and you have an absolutely terrible system of vocational education . 
  a british apprenticeship is n't worth the paper it 's printed on and the majority have been pushed into university due to the fact your employers do n't respect the vocational system . 
   i think the same of socialists , believing their bullshit when we know socialism does n't work , even in france which is governed by a socialist party they had to reverse the 75 % tax rate for high earners because it failed . 
  when you put this stuff into practice it simply does not work . 
  yet you continue to peddle this nonsense ideology . 
  oh i 'll just repeat myself so you can hear more clearly now . 
  germany , denmark , netherlands , sweden , finland , austria are all richer and have more socialist policies than you . 
  so naturally socialism has failed . 
  hell , even france , despite being on strike 4 days a week has a higher gdp per capita than the uk , what does that fucking tell you ? 
  are you delusional or something , do you think that if you repeat a lie enough times it becomes true . 
  moreover nobody is suggesting full on marxism , merely the fact that if the uk invested more into its population is would be as wealthy as germany , but it does n't so it 's poor ( unless of course you 're a banker with friends in the tory party ) . 
   i work for just above minimum wage in a shop . 
  i am by no measure middle class ... [ ] ... perhaps i will not be rich but i will have something of my own . 
  that to me is achievement and success . 
  so what you 're saying is your unqualified to make political decisions without any form of formal education yet will fight to the death to defend a stupid ideology you 've been brainwashed with that is frankly massively against your interests . 
  yes , the wealthy of london love well trained servants such as yourself . 
   to you , achievement and success is the state giving you more money without you improving yourself at all . 
  this just encourages laziness . 
  you must be responsible for your own life . 
  if you are in a shit job with shit pay it is you who needs to improve . 
  you should not blame other people for what you have made of your own life . 
  if you look around you and you do n't like your lifestyle work to change it . 
  now you sound like a republican . 
  that is a false dichotomy . 
  my relationship with society is symbiotic . 
  the more they invest in people who deserve it through education and income security the more it gets out of those people in labour and taxes . 
  if you leave people to do it all themselves the vast majority will be disenchanted and wo n't fucking do it . 
  you 're an idiot if you think otherwise . 
   to you , achievement and success is the state giving you more money without you improving yourself at all . 
  this just encourages laziness . 
  you must be responsible for your own life . 
  if you are in a shit job with shit pay it is you who needs to improve . 
  you should not blame other people for what you have made of your own life . 
  if you look around you and you do n't like your lifestyle work to change it . 
  no to me success and achievement means being able to sustain myself and afford to put myself through education , enter into a profession where my salary and job security is guaranteed and then pay taxes back into the system over my life time greater the value of what i 've taken out , retiring to a solid pension . 
  it 's nothing to do with scrounging , it 's the fundamental belief that if you invest in people they will return the favour invest in you , rather than being the ostracised fuckwits in the british working classes . 
   look at most of today 's big entrepreneurs . 
  did they come from old money or were they self-made ? 
  alan sugar grew up on a council estate and actually has dyslexia ... [ ] ... and he founded the biggest tech company in the world . 
  this is actually fucking hilarious . 
  50 cent really ? 
  drug dealing ? 
  it 's almost like parody . 
  but fyi for every alan sugar there were a thousand people just as diligent and just as clever who did n't get lucky and ended up getting no further than a small business or bankruptcy . 
  in the olden days we used to believe history was made by the actions of `` great men '' who were just so awesome they made everything happen , and then we realised that was retarded . 
  just as most sane people realise the same is true of entrepreneurship . 
  entrepreneurs make up about 0.01 % of the population , good luck with being one of the chosen few . 
   i am supporting self-belief and self-esteem . 
  if you live in a western democracy you can make as much money as you bloody well like just as long as you are willing to work for it . 
  you are supporting lack of self-improvement . 
  you are saying you do n't need to better yourself , you can just complain loud enough and get the state to give you everything for free off the backs of those entrepreneurs and bankers you hate so much . 
  oh do fuck off . 
  free higher education is all about self improvement . 
  do you expect kids fresh out of school to pay their way though university . 
  your argument is breaking down into a hilarious parody of right wing indoctrination . 
   good !, 
  people should have ambition . 
  do n't settle for the mediocre ... [ ] ... very little of any importance would be accomplished . '', 
  yes because naturally it 's possible for everyone to be on top . 
  surely society should be some type of dystopian hobbesian war of all against all , with everyone fighting for the top spot rather than a collaboration between people in a society where everyone gets paid fairly and wealth is n't split between the haves and the have nots . 
  so let 's just fucking reiterate the most important point here . 
  we in germany and number of other countries do not agrees with your ridiculous right wing views of manifest destiny and other utter shit nor do we have such ideas reflected in our policy . 
  we are richer than you are . 
  let me repeat that . 
  we are richer and more economically prosperous than the uk , despite our socialist leaning . 
  please tell me more about how socialism is known to fail ? 
  please ? 
  if anything is true it 's that right wing thinking leads to massive social inequality , and in the uk 's case poverty as demonstrated by the fact that virtually all of north western europe is richer and more socialist than the uk is . 
  it 's nothing to do with it frankly . 
  what i 'm talking about is the discrepancy between the records telling us what nationality immigrants reported themselves as having when they arrived in the us and the modern census telling us what people currently report themselves to be . 
  with a bit of statistics it 's clear the number do n't remotely add up . 
  none of this is based on the surnames people have . 
  of course there was a tendency for a while for people to be given or to take anglicised versions of their names when arriving in the usa , but that does n't affect these numbers . 
  that 's greasszzzzy, 
  knew i 'd see some twat saying this . 
  absolutely nothing to do with cost . 
  everything to do with the success of marketing complains . 
  high end androids are preferred in places where apple lifestyle marketing does n't have such a hold . 
  i got that reference !,
