  then cunty mcgee starts giving her shit about it being a mistake . 
  seriously cunts of a feather flock together . 
  crossfitters , always so big on technique . 
  dressing like bavarians !, 
  well you done fucked up . 
  you 're meant to tip in bars , but only when the waiter is bringing drinks to your table , not however if you 're getting served at the bar like this . 
  if you do that we 're sending all the bloody bar staff over here back and employing irish people instead . 
  i agree , when i lived in the uk i liked morrison 's far more than tesco or sainsbury 's . 
  i felt like i could always get a good deal there due to the large quantities of fresh produce from the in house butchers and fishmongers . 
  cooking for one it really suited me since i could pick up a small steak or salmon fillet for just a couple of quid to eat for dinner that night . 
  it really suited that the meat was n't all cut to the same size unlike elsewhere where it 's all the same and vacuum sealed . 
  then again i do n't know how that worked out if you were buying for a big family . 
  tesco always felt like a huge rip off where if you were n't buying loss leaders you were getting screwed . 
  now shopping in germany is very different , they do n't but anything like the level of effort into presentation in here . 
  the only factors seems to be price and quality . 
  for this reason they do n't have a large value range except on some essentials , because the food is assumed to be ` gut und g\u00fcnstig ' ( good quality and good value ) already . 
  germans are definitely savvy buyers , but are n't so interested in getting stuff cheap but buying quality at the best cost . 
  it 's about a stable supply of food of fair quality for a fair price . 
  british supermarket customers seem to more focussed on loss leading deals , general discounts and brand marketing . 
  anecdotally this is really obviously true here , recently i wanted to buy a cheap mop . 
  now in the uk i would just go to pound ( insert word here ) and buy some cheap chinese made plastic , but in germany is was a struggle , everywhere i went they were selling 20 euro mops with 10 year guarantees in a stainless steel finish , but no budget mops in the predictable places . 
  ( the german for mop is ` der bodenwischer ' if you 're curious ) . 
  this mentality is even reflected in the german language where ` g\u00fcnstig ' means something like ` value for money ' , and ` billig ' means something like ` cheap and tacky ' . 
  ultimately i think the big supermarkets in the uk just were n't prepared for the impact of the recession on british purchasing habits . 
  germans , the economic conservative savers that they are , have supermarket practices that more recession orientated at all times . 
  with the recession british purchasers also moved away from branding to a degree . 
  for example tesco was set up to offer either kelloggs branded coco pops at a few quid a box , or tesco value blue and white packaging chocolate flavoured rice cereal at 1/4 the price . 
  one was considered expensive , the other was considered cheap and nasty . 
  aldi however would offer something between the two which would be of sufficient quality but not deliberately appear cheap . 
  a large segment of the british market decided it wanted as much quality as the lowest price it was available , rather than being split between cheap and low quality vs branded quality and pricey , and aldi offered this compromise successfully . 
  i also think people started to prefer consistently spending 20 % less on their weekly shop rather than being subject to the limited time offer culture that 's prominent amongst british supermarkets . 
  after all that 20 % weekly saving is something you can budget for , but you ca n't rely on buying up pizza express brand pizzas when they 're 50 % off . 
  of course this is why we saw the introduction of a third tier of products in the main supermarkets , the higher tier of own brand stuff that comes in nice packaging but is n't as expensive as branded . 
  finally i think aldi did a good job of rebranding itself in the uk . 
  when i was a child aldi was considered the skidrow of supermarkets , up there with farmfoods and iceland in terms of cheap food . 
  back then it felt like these were budget supermarkets for families with not enough money coming in and lots of kids to feed . 
  however nowadays i hear typical middle class types proudly saying how they go to aldi for the bulk stuff and waitrose to top up on luxury items . 
  do n't get your knickers in a twist . 
  this sub is a circlejerk for people to moan about and mock the worst of americans , we are n't serious about hating america even if we make jokes about it . 
  most people here are aware that it 's not all or even most americans that are like this . 
  what i really meant was it 's funny when some small minority of americans get all uppity calling american english more logical , whilst simultaneously saying the pronunciation of herb with a sounded - h is wrong because it 's a french word despite not insisting on such pronunciations in other french words like clique , niche and croissant . 
  full name : adrian jew , of mick-kraut descent . 
  a proud irish-german-american . 
  whoever * `` who gave whom '' , it 's always who when it 's followed by a verb of which it 's the subject e.g i like whoever did this ( who did this ? ), 
  vs i like whomever he selected ( he selected whom ? ), 
  yeah i 'm being a grammar nazi , but imo it 's stupider to use whom wrongly than to just use who for all cases as so many people do . 
  can you imagine how much debt he 's already in ? 
  could be over # 100k already depending on what he 's taken and whether started when it was 3k a year or 9k, 
  lot of places outside the us take some level of attendance . 
  since the mentality is n't one of `` i 've paid for this so it 's my decision to make use of it '' . 
  in the us you can take an extra year to do your undergraduate no problem , it just costs you more money , but when tax money is subsidising or pay for your spot you 're not entitled to extend your course as you feel . 
  that said it differs from country to country and university to university . 
  even course to course . 
  my university was pretty lax for me , but i was reading a humanities subject . 
  no lectures took attendance but you 'd a weekly seminar with a post-grad or the professor every week or 2 weeks that would . 
  however you only need to attend 7/10 and all would be fine ( exceptions if you had valid excuse like a doctor 's note though ) . 
  if you did n't attend 70 % then they would send you an email and give you an attendance point or something . 
  these points actually did almost nothing , my one friend had 14 of them and i had a few . 
  however if you then failed your exams and needed to resit the year they 'd look at how many points you had , and if you had a bunch then they 'd be more likely to ask you to leave the course than give you chance to resit the year . 
  that said even with crappy attendance you 'd probably get at least 1 year resit if you pleaded for it . 
  the only other use for these things was to track students that had gone home or stopped being at uni but failed to tell the faculty . 
  actually pretty common , kids using university as a way to leave home under false pretences with their parents ' consent , kids to liked student life more than they liked studying and just want to keep partying without the work side of things , kids with potential mental health issues that have stopped leaving their accommodation or interacting with others . 
  had the lot . 
  other courses though , especially practical ones like science where you 'd have to go to labs and do actual work were much stricter one attendance though , and missing too much labs would actually get you thrown off the course . 
  university in most of the world is n't like america where you can do lots of unrelated subjects for credit . 
  if you studied engineering you were often expected to be engineering stuff for a significant portion of your time there as well as doing purely theoretical stuff . 
  wow you can really hear his yorkshire accent coming out behind the classical thespian voice he uses normally . 
  must be the booze they give them on set . 
  listen to how he says [ donald trump ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dhbnyxbulbs&amp;t=71s ) with the vowel you 'd use in foot . 
  then switches back afterwards to the cup vowel . 
  to me that voice is only as annoying as pretty much any other american female voice . 
  funny how american always make fun of east coast non-rhotic accents , personally i do n't see how they 're any more or less annoying than your typical generic mid-western . 
  wun is correct for rp provided he used the cup vowel rather than the foot vowel , if you 're being conservative at least . 
  / w\u0252n / is a relatively new phenomenon and is n't considered standard or rp despite being ubiquitous . 
  hell [ even the queen says wun ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iuxhvlmpz9i&amp;t=1m44s ), 
  furthermore you can hear him doing his native huddersfield accent [ here ] ( http://www.wimp.com/yorkshiredialect/ ), 
  it 's from [ ` town with nicholas crane ' ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/town_with_nicholas_crane ) a documentary about regional towns in the uk . 
  unfortunately i do n't have a link . 
  if you 're looking for a documentary about patrick stewart though i 'd recommend [ ` who do you think you are ? 
  - patrick stewart ' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzrmgq-au4a ) . 
  gives a lot of background on his life growing up in a mining town and how he became an actor . 
  yeah because everyone is saying that . 
  no nobody is you inferiority complex fucktard . 
  if you lived in central london you 'd know that 's not the fucking tube . 
  it 's a train because it fucking says train about twice in the video . 
  i know it 's sarcasm moron , i 'm not american . 
  however , the only reason to make a sarcastic remark like that would be if you thought there are people who actually believe that only americans can be racist . 
  you sound like a right martyr making such comments . 
  oh right , and what about all the americans saying that europeans are the most racist people in the world ? 
  how we all hate gipsies and how the far right is on the rise ? 
  how europe does n't allow integration like america and europe is just one big homogeneous white person 's playground ? 
  seen some serious projection from americans too . 
  i 'm not butt hurt in the slightest . 
  maybe you should consider however that perhaps you only perceive reddit as an anti-american circlejerk because you are an american . 
  as a european i see a preponderance of american stuff getting upvoted , a whole host of weird american opinions on europe like how it 's a big white homogeneous place where we hate immigration , people telling me the eu is going to fail because apparently ` socialism always does ' , i see `` murica fuck yeah '' and `` muh moon landing '' comments getting hundreds of upvotes and gold , be they jokes or not . 
  as an american on reddit you 're privileged that when an american video is posted it 's not spammed with comments asking for `` a translation '' because of the accents , people trying to phonetically approximate your dialect , and a whole host of stereotypes . 
  french video ? 
  bring on the jokes about surrender and cowardice . 
  australian video ? 
  ` throw another shrimp on the barbie ' ` g'day mate ' and crocodile dundee .
