  sometimes `` different '' is better when that person is already suffering severe problems from the psychological patterns they 've cemented in their minds . 
  i think chinese will gain more a lingua franca status in asia in the coming decades , but i do n't it 'll be on the level that can supplant english as the primary lingua franca . 
  with a reputable degree and celta you obviously have job prospects as an english teacher all over the world . 
  if the uni is well known then that is just a bonus . 
  the question is what do you actually want , because it sounds like you want to jaunt around teaching english and travelling for a few years , not commit yourself to tefl in a big way . 
  if that is your goal then asia , south america , or the middle east are you best bets . 
  obviously you 're an eu citizen right now but that 's going to go in 2019 but to be fair the market in europe can be tough and tends to be more geared for fully professional teachers , otherwise the pay leaves you impoverished . 
  if you 're looking to go further in academia i can absolutely recommend teaching english for a few years ( ideally combined with learning a foreign language yourself ) as it 'll help you mature as a thinker and gain an appreciation for language that is hard to acquire under the pressure of formal academic study . 
  it will also teach a lot about how people learn and develop your pedagogical understanding . 
  that 's a problem in china generally though . 
  some ignorant idiots think white people only go there to get paid and be parasites , so they promote the idea that people only go there because they 're loser who could n't succeed in their own countries . 
   although if i continue into academia it is very unlikely that i would move beyond the uk/usa where the pay is the best ? 
  do n't really know what you mean there buddy . 
  if you 're looking at a doctorate you should definitely weigh all your options , not just the us or uk , but anyway that 's not really relevant . 
  you 're good to teach english with a degree and celta . 
  a good uni is a plus , i went to world top 100 uni and it definitely helps when they open the cv and do n't really need to google the uni to find out if it 's legit . 
   if i start lecturing at unis , and gradually moving up the academic chain , i do n't think i 'd be looking for jobs outside of the us/uk as i do n't think that i would be earning as much elswhere . 
  not sure about that mate . 
  no offence , but when you 're a newly graduated dphil you 'll be looking for lecturing position at wherever is hiring . 
  getting that foot in the door can be the hardest step for anyone hoping to work as a professional academic . 
  in the humanities the competition is fierce , although it would depend on the popularity of whatever you 'd specialised in . 
  anyway , i thought you meant it would pay better to study in the us/uk , which are obviously more expensive universities to study at . 
  i 'm personally looking at further study in germany ( possibly an mphil with the opportunity to continue to phd ) due to the lower costs it involves and the somewhat less time demanding structure of the courses here . 
  i studied philosophy so i 'm looking to continue that with a focus on the philosophy of language . 
   i worry that living arrangement and visas etc. 
  will be tricky to sort out . 
  that seems to be in direct conflict with your desire to travel and be an english teacher . 
  in my experience visas and living arrangements are vastly easier for students than for teachers to who to work and earn money . 
  damn last time i looked he was a relatively young guy in black and white , now he 's an old man in colour . 
  how tragic that even our childhood heroes have to grow old with us . 
  honestly i think literature is a far more mind bending subject that philosophy !, 
  i think you might find that trying to live in many countries for just a year at a time is hard with all the paper work and visa you 'll need if you 're going to asia . 
  eu is ideal for eu citizens but if you only have a uk passport that will end soon enough and even then finding stable work capable of supporting yourself in europe as an inexperienced teacher is no easy feat . 
   wow , a `` th '' surrounded by mysterious vocals, 
  `` vowels '' , a th surrounded by mysterious vowels . 
  would n't say it 's similar but they do have a dark sense of humour . 
  actual i learn english . 
  i became a book from my bib that explained it me . 
  i will work for a concern in london , also i seek a job . 
  eventual i can make it , i am not safe . 
  i save to pay a caution on an apartment . 
  i do n't mind who i dwell , it 's equal to me . 
  the end is a crusade essentially . 
  sounds stupid in our modern age but that 's literally the terms in which the terrorists see it . 
  it 's absurd but if terrorist attacks keep happening then the west will have to eventually occupy syria and isil territory and we 'll end up with an expensive never ending war that will go on for decades . 
  and yet you think `` realize '' is just fine . 
  every day your stray further from god 's light , canada . 
  to be fair swiss people are just rich as fuck , and a consequence of this is that they are outwardly straight as fuck . 
  that does n't mean they 're completely law abiding , lots of swiss people take drugs and have pervy sex in brothels , but the there is a very strong social compulsion to behave in public . 
  most western european countries are like this . 
  rich people do n't disturb the community , because they 're afraid of losing status in the community due to being seen as antisocial . 
  it 's not that rich people do n't commit crime , it 's just that rich people crime is n't even on the police 's radar , because ultimately unless it 's disrupting people 's lives nobody cares , the exception being when there 's a serious amount of money involved . 
  in switzerland there are n't many poor people , and there are n't large immigrant populations of the extent most larger european countries have . 
  in switzerland immigrants have no choice but to toe the line . 
  and the swiss are anal as fuck about standards , to the point of being intrusive sometimes by the standards of other countries . 
  if switzerland had the economic and ethnic diversity of other larger european countries it would have exactly the same problems . 
  what do you suggest we do then ? 
  occupy the entire middle east leading to decades of skirmishes ? 
  bomb them to oblivion further generating an even greater culture of hate ready to raise the next generation of terrorist ? 
  not unless you are swiss , you idiot . 
  immigrate here . 
  yes , it does . 
  what actually matters is your point of reference and not the preposition . 
  that 's a common misconception . 
  exactly . 
  it 's about controlling the flow of information . 
  it 's about trying to force us back to the way things used to be before the internet when people had a limited choice of information sources . 
  unfortunately a bunch of antifa dressed in black and with masks like they were from fucking team rocket or something, 
  lol that is the perfect description, 
  i think it 's the medical school ranking , not the overall university ranking . 
  you should watch `` der jagd '' , very good drama/thriller about a school teacher who gets accused of being a paedophile . 
  i do n't think you understand that $ 30000 , is quite a low salary in the uk , but a perfectly stable living wage . 
  it 's what you 'd expect from non-graduate job after gaining some experience in that line of work or roughly what people might expect from a graduate job very early in their career . 
  salaries are low nominally right now because of the pound being fucked by brexit , but that does n't mean cost of living increases in directly proportion to the drop ( the price of imports is higher but the price of services has n't changed that much as everyone is being paid in pounds ) . 
  nurses make anything from # 21k to # 28k depending on their experience ( more if they take a managerial position ) . 
  a few years back # 25k would 've been more $ 40,000 ( and no healthcare costs , so you can add a few thousand in terms of disposable income ) . 
   i was looking at other professions like judges and it seems like they only make ~ $ 55k . 
  most judges in the uk have vastly higher incomes than that . 
  of course it depends what kind of judge , a high court judge is obviously going to be on more an a magistrate . 
  the legal system here is different and i think we have more lower court judges . 
  all the proper judges i 've met were extremely rich with houses worth millions etc. 
  which i assume is due to their all having had successful careers as barristers already . 
  if you compared the us and uk pre-brexit result you 'd see that they were more comparable in nominal terms . 
  that said , the us has insanely high incomes for high earners , salaries in europe tend to be less extreme . 
  one effect of higher taxes on the rich is that it becomes pointless to earn a huge salary because you lose so much to tax . 
  it becomes more efficient to incentivise in other ways , e.g. 
  bonuses , more pension , private healthcare , job perks etc. 
  i do not understand where the tories get there policy from . 
  - most people in the country like internet freedom so let 's constantly try to control it, 
  - most in the country do n't care about porn so let 's regulate it and arbitrarily ban what we think is too pervy . 
  they 're fighting a moral crusade that the vast of the majority of the country could n't give a shit about . 
  i feel like i 'm in tune with most of the uk and their politics , very few people think there 's a problem with internet encryption or porn , and yet the government is so eager to tell us it 's a terrible thing . 
  if there 's one thing that the country mostly agrees on it 's that what people do in the privacy of their own home is not society 's business provided they 're not hurting anyone else . 
   the uk is one of the biggest surveillance states in the western world, 
  this narrative is really over played . 
  it 's all stemming from the fact that we have cctv and do n't see it as intrusive . 
  every time you walk into a shop you 're on cctv , regardless of where you live , it 's just that most of the uk is like one big fucking shopping centre because it 's built up . 
  sure the uk government is spying on its people online but so the us and so is russia . 
  i feel like some of the scenes in westworld were heavily influenced by this . 
  really quite creepy stuff .
