  when someone says `` i think the people who find the crime of car theft to be the biggest issue are wrong in their beliefs '' , it does n't mean they 're saying `` car theft is great , why would anyone disapprove of it ? 
  '' , it 's simply that that person would rather the police got the murder problem under control first and then once they 've achieved that they can crack down on car theft . 
  fact is , you just started taking a pop at me while barely even reading the content of what i 've said . 
  my argument was pretty simple . 
  climate change is a greater danger to humanity than nuclear energy . 
  the death toll from chernobyl was around 1 million , and almost all of those were indirectly from cancer , while the death toll from a small rise in sea levels and the resulting climate change would be in the hundreds of millions if not billions . 
  it 's all well and good to close nuclear plants and replace them with renewable energy , but for every nuclear plant that is taken offline that 's a coal or oil plant that could 've been taken down , but was n't , and that 's assuming that all the energy needed to fill the gap from the loss of that nuclear plant is replaced with renewable energy which often is not the case , so that would , in fact , mean more fossil fuels . 
  to be honest , i 'm at a loss about what your point actually is , or what exactly you 're disagreeing with me about . 
  as far as i can see it you just do n't the tone i 've taken , which makes absolutely zero sense . 
  take a long hard look out yourself and try to figure out exactly what you 're so angry about , please , because you 're just making yourself appear foolish . 
  lol you 're just a troll . 
  you say kaiser wilhelm but you do n't say willem of orange or willelm the conqueror . 
  it 's more to do with history than that . 
  yeah , the only two possible outcomes i can imagine is either they make it you or they barman just says `` nah , we do n't do that here , it 's insensitive '' or whatever . 
  where are all these so called jobs that millennials are doing . 
  virtually i everyone i know is scraping by on sub # 30,000 , the ones near the top of that # 30,000 all living in london and paying # 750 a month for single room that 's only an hour 's commute from where they work . 
  the majority of people are i know get between # 20,000 and # 25,000 . 
  i know literally a handful of people who 've actually made it into real money ( # 40,000 + ) and started living the lifestyle of a grown up , and guess what they 're all working in finance and literally live their jobs not getting home until 10 pm . 
  even the doctors i know have only recently began to earn and are saddled by immense student debt . 
  hell , a few people are know decided to be architects when they left school , and some a couple of have just managed to land their first paid architect job at the age of 27 after literally years of interning to gain experience . 
  on the other hand , my granddad had a job for life with the same company and worked there for over 40 years . 
  sure he did n't have a fancy degree and left school when he was 16 , but he was able to marry at 20 , have kids by 23 , and own his own house by the time he was my age . 
  compare that to my father , who was able to become a financial directors by the time he was 22 , marry at 21 , and support his kids at 24 . 
  hell he was even able to put three kids through a top class british boarding school in his 30s ( his other family ) , do you know how much that school costs today ? 
  if you earn # 30,000 a year ( considered a very decent salary for anyone under 35 that you should thank your lucky stars for ) leaves a fantastic # 5,000 a year to play with after one kid , assuming you do n't pay tax of course , which you do !, 
  even my mother who did n't have great aspirations in her youth was able to outright buy her own flat in central london on a meagre air stewardess ' salary . 
  the price of that flat when she bought it ? 
  the price of that flat today ? 
  if only she had n't sold it for barely any more than she paid for it in the early 80s under the illusion that the economy of the future would n't be so vastly polarised that the ordinary salaried worker would n't really have a shot at anything but a lifetime of crippling debt to buy a shit house on the outskirts of a town with a high rate of unemployment !, 
  my parents ask why i 'm not earning real money yet !, 
  but even if i were earning real money by the standards of today i would n't be able to afford any of things that they consider the hallmarks of a successful person e.g a flash car , a property , a family . 
  but it 's ok , we forgive our collective parents for selling our futures down the river to businessmen who spend half the year living in the swiss alps for tax reasons . 
  when the reagans and thatchers of the world came along and told you that it did n't matter if the top percent of earners were earning x1000 what a teacher earns that it would n't make you any poorer , that all that mattered was the national gdp and when the economy booms from the shift of wealth upwards it would somehow make everyone richer , that everything , even things that there are a finite quantity of like property , would become a lot cheaper , you believed them . 
  or maybe you did n't believe and thought the poor would lose out , but why would that matter to you right ? 
  you 're the special one !, 
  you can easily offer the economy skills that no other person could possibly do , right ? 
  and any offspring , naturally , being the fruit of your loins , will also be suitably gifted to rise above the millions of other people who are also trying to make it to the top . 
  seriously this video is bullshit . 
  why would anyone want to fan the flames of the trend of denigrating millenials any more than they already are . 
  perhaps millenials seem juvenile to you because unlike you they 've had their adolescence extended into their mid 20s by financial burden and a pointless education they had to acquire to tick a box saying they 're permitted to apply for corporate work . 
  perhaps they seem juvenile because there 's no way any career minded individual is having kids before their late 20s at the earliest ( and probably 30s ) , because the only way to raise kids in your early 20s these days is with government benefits or by living with your parents . 
  maybe they do n't feel obliged to work overtime , constantly answer messages and emails at home , get to their desk an hour early and such because the salary they 're being paid only afford them a damp bedsit and a diet heavy in rice and pasta . 
  and for americans , maybe they feel like they deserve to take a holiday to do something life changing or different because they 're aware that people in most countries take these things for granted . 
  just some food for thought ... 
  edit : i 'll add the richest people my age i know , i measure this not purely by their bank accounts ( although their bank accounts are high ) , but also by the quality of life they are able to enjoy are the self-employed plumbers , tilers , roofers and renovators . 
  the ones who got shit grades in school and left as soon as they could . 
  the ones you told us were failures and `` working class '' , the ones we were constantly encouraged not to be like because it sounds so much better to say `` little johnny 's a solicitor in the big city now '' rather than `` little johnny fixes toilets for a living and lives around the corner '' . 
  these people are the richest because the do n't have to move to big expensive cities to work , they can stay in a city with low property values and still make a killing , nor are they saddled with 10s of thousands in student debt . 
  they are also their own bosses , and can start work early and knock off by 4pm giving them plenty of time to spend with their families or down the pub . 
  they can even afford houses since many have bought houses that are half falling down as investments and turned them into desirable places to live using the skills they 've acquired and the connections they 've made working in their trades . 
  lol you say i 've back peddled when i 've made no statements that contract anything i 've said . 
  i 've made no strawman arguments at all . 
  maybe i 'm arrogant but so are you with your patronising comments that are yet to even explain what you problem with what i 've stated is . 
  seriously , you 're either a troll or a fucking idiot , and probably both . 
  all you 've said is, 
   a fear of clean nuclear energy ? 
  is that really your claim ? 
  jesus christ , people will say almost anything to sound like they are correct . 
  grow the fuck up and stop feeding people misinformation . 
  which despite being a misquote does n't even outline what your problem with what i said . 
  germans do fear nuclear energy , because they fear the worst case situation that can happen with nuclear energy goes wrong . 
  my point all along as been that this is a human error of fearing an immediate , terrible , but manageable threat over a long term unmanageable threat that could possibly turn europe into an inhospitable glacier . 
  again , your logic is complete fucked . 
  where did i say that germany was n't heavily investing in renewables ? 
  i fucking live in germany ? 
  do you live here ? 
  i see the government subsidised solar panels and wind turbines every time i get the train . 
  or are you just talking out your arse ? 
  if you 'd actually bothered to read what i said in this thread you would see that my point has been that we should be using to renewables to replace fossil fuels before we replace nuclear energy . 
  if you knew anything about this country whatsoever you 'd know that germany is a net exporter of coal , it also leads the world in coal mining technology and technology used in the production of energy from coal . 
  coal is a big german industry . 
  thus it suits industry and politicians far more to rally people against nuclear energy , a minor industry in germany that wo n't impact the economy so greatly , than to have them question why so much germany money is in the industry surrounding coal energy production when it 's so bad for the environment . 
  if you 'd ever met german people in your life , you 'd know that they on average hold themselves to be very eco-friendly , that the green party does very well here and that people are environmentally aware . 
  now , how does a dirty industry in such a political environment protect itself from becoming too much the centre of attention ? 
  ah yes , it tries to push forward other things into the spotlight , things that can be sacrificed on the altar of public disapproval in place of themselves . 
  seriously i 'm beginning to question whether you 've actually read anything i 've written here . 
  the sensible option is a transfer from energy produced by a mix of fossil fuels , nuclear and renewables to energy produced by nuclear and renewables , to energy that is purely renewable , however industry would have it that nuclear was gone before the fossil fuels because economically that suits them better than the former . 
  what is so difficult to understand about this ? 
  the whole thing is stupid . 
  he 's not tricking girls into having sex for free in the hope of making a promo video to get porn work . 
  he 's paying girls to have sex with him and actually making a porn video , he just uses amateur talent rather than known pornstar faces . 
  furthermore , since he 's publishing these videos online where anyone can see them , he 's also making them a promo video . 
  it 's fucking stupid but what can you say , people love it . 
  not everyone is suited to tech . 
  my chosen career , teaching , is an absolute nightmare salary wise . 
  becoming a teacher is now akin to saying i 'll be happy with an incredibly mediocre salary my entire life . 
  the only people earning any real money have got their position through seniority alone and the prospects of rewards that are equivalent to ability are slim . 
  i 'm considering a change in career but that 's no so easy when your education has generally been in one direction and now you want to do something else . 
  damn , is the education in america so centred around us history that you do n't learn this stuff ? 
  military bases are n't what i was talking about . 
  i was referring to the treaty of versailles after ww1 , the attempt by the allied nations to weaken germany as a nation so they 'd not be able to rise up against the great powers again . 
  this included giving various german speaking territories to other nations such as france , poland , belgium , denmark and the czech republic . 
  it also involved crippling reparation debt , the appropriation of natural resources in the rhineland , and demilitarisation of the rhine-ruhr region to create a buffer between france and germany . 
  ultimately this ended up being a big factor in the rise of german nationalism before ww2 . 
  the concept of lebensraum ( living space ) for germany was fuelled by the fact that culturally german areas had been given to other countries . 
  the fact that germany had been economically held back meant people were keen to install a strong leader who would stand up against the great powers and restore germany to its prior strength as a major power player . 
  this is also why such a softly softly approach was implemented after ww2 ( at least after the occupations ended ) with money being provided to rebuild germany and an active effort on behalf of britain , the us and france to restore german order and ensure the economy grew ( in the west at least ) . 
  although us nationalists would have you believe it was because the us had a greater say in things as opposed to those nasty vindictive brits and surrender monkeys . 
  i 'll also add that the british and american bases in ( west ) germany , and the american bases in the uk , were n't created until after ww2 , and that was far more to do with the cold war and ensuring that the russians knew not to think about trying anything in western europe since the western powers were ready to respond at a moment 's notice . 
  meh , i do n't really see how that would ever be interpreted as a joke but fair enough .
