  i think it 's definitely a good thing , it 's like blading is finally free of the pressure to conform to a certain conception of what an action sport should be about ( handrails , big gaps , aired spins , and endless ledges ) , and now has a more open minded approach of anything that can be done on blades goes . 
  that said , it would be nice if blading had the kind of saturation where we 'd see the kind of expansion in all directions like skateboarding does to a greater degree . 
  [ link for the uninformed ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8rqv7kvscac ), 
  it should n't scare people . 
  if you 're scared by it then you fundamentally do n't understand economics . 
  how would you get in trouble for that ? 
  from marbles to this !, 
  did someone to forget to take their pills today ? 
  information overload . 
  i was merely point that if you think national debt is inherently bad , or that a bigger national debt = a worse economy , then you fundamentally do n't understand economics . 
  does n't think about us ... posts memes to reddit about us that make front page . 
  more like saying the pizza in new york tastes the same as in mexico city frankly . 
  european countries are way more diverse than us states . 
  i guess ajax is like tottenham for the netherlands then . 
  we should be more like civilised americans and sit quietly stuffing our faces with processed meat , processed cheese and processed bread while slurping down a sugary artificial syrup drink in a semi-comatosed state of passive observation . 
  how very civilised you are . 
  cute how jealous you are . 
  k m8 . 
  i 'm pretty sure the caucasian natural habitat beats dying of diphtheria in the jungle aged 25 . 
  why is it that uk + france + germany manage to give more gross international aid with less than half the people of the usa . 
  i guess percentages do buy food after all . 
  again , wat ? 
  the most commonly used sign language is french sign language based sign language , of which american sign language is merely one variation . 
  it was brought to america by deaf french immigrants who moved to the us . 
  it 's ubiquity is nothing to do with america , but to do with it being one of the oldest formalised sign languages and probably the most influential . 
  most french sign based languages are mutually intelligible to some degree , but that does n't mean communication between a french deaf person and a american deaf person will be fluent . 
  there will be difference `` accents '' , which means common signs will be formed slightly differently ( this is analogous to the pronunciation of words , the way an american might say prahgress but a briton might say progress ) , as well as different dialects so various dialectical signs which will be completely different ( this is analogous to the way an american might say sidewalk but a briton might say pavement ) . 
  finger spelling , spelling out the word in its written form by signing each letter is obviously useless when deaf people know different written languages . 
  there are a number of other sign languages around the world , another common one being british sign language which evolved from a completely different basis than french sign language family . 
  there 's also chinese sign language , arabic sign language , german sign language , japanese sign language and so on . 
  in some cases it 's unclear whether a sign language constitutes a different language or not , as is the case when comparing spanish sign language and french sign language , or british sign language and swedish sign language , these languages often started with a common core but might now be as different from each other as german is from dutch . 
  k m8, 
  [ this is what happened after just a few hours with mine ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/rollerblading/comments/3bw4d4/first_session_on_new_skates_and_this_happened/ ) i swapped them out for some eulogies and they 've been fine ever since even on some nasty terrain . 
  i am also tempted by some ground control bigs though, 
  actually in my country all waiters get at least the equivalent of $ 15 an hour . 
  many of you are overworked exploited fucks - and right wing capitalists - a waiter in z\u00fcrich or a high end server has a knowledge of wines , foods , points of service etc. 
  and can easily make $ 40,000 a year - which is what you need to live in zurich - now pay that person in tips - what do they do - how do they budget for their lifestyle ? 
  many of you live in a capitalist nightmare caused by too much empty rhetoric about freedom and exceptionalism while neglecting to actually improve your own society . 
  you 're too busy working 2 jobs and touching yourself to nationalist rhetoric to actually vote in a politician with your interests at heart . 
  you are overworked and exploited fucks who have no idea how a society is supposed to work . 
  except the nhs is generally not like that . 
  the majority of doctors are in the nhs system , even many of the best specialists in the country are contracted by them even if they do n't take a salary from them . 
  the coverage the nhs gives is reasonably comprehensive , easily what you 'd get from an average private insurance in most countries . 
  the doctors are n't shortchanged either , they elect to work for the nhs , if they are private but contracted to the nhs they usually have a choice regarding how much time they want to spend doing that against private clients . 
  that 's pure shit . 
  you wife must have been a ceo at a very big company , because on # 50,000 only # 2,666 goes on the nhs yearly . 
  all comparative statistics show the nhs is far cheaper . 
  you and your wife sound like the typical couple of evangelised twats who move to america because `` the country is going to the dogs '' . 
  k m8 go watch some more british chefs cooking traditional british and french cuisine . 
  it exists for longer than 250 years . 
  [ john adams did an ok job ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrvpzxmfkau ) , many of them sound like hagrid from harry potter , which is how many would 've sounded back then . 
   they are infinitely harder to understand than even your most uneducated redneck . 
  why are they ? 
  if you 're british and young it 's far easier , that 's just an exposure thing . 
  they only make more sense to you because of your accent and what you 're accustomed to frankly , why is the - ay of hay more valid than the - ey of they when applied to grey/gray . 
  `` color '' makes no sense whatsoever , surely it should be culur , which is closer to how it sounds . 
  trying to make english phonetically representational is a lost cause , which is why i do n't appreciate mr. webster 's attempt to change it . 
  yet ours is one of the worst in europe . 
  do n't talk shit . 
  britain is generally considered england + scotland + wales ( great britain ) . 
  technically there 's no such thing as `` britain '' , there 's the british isles ( great britain + ireland , although the irish are n't too fond of this descriptor ) , and there 's great britain , which is just the larger island and the three countries on that island . 
  if someone is british they are from the uk ( including northern ireland ) . 
  saying that scottish people are from britain is completely accurate . 
  i feel like drinking has a weird connotation of being naughty or sinful in the usa . 
  i used to drink with a big crowd of americans who lived in europe and they loved to drink , in fact they got hammered every weekend , however the idea of having a beer by yourself at home with your dinner was completely foreign to them . 
  then the nhs can pay for the reconstructive surgery on your anus too . 
  the only thing in taco bell that should be able to give you the shits is salmonella . 
  `` evangelised '' has nothing to do with religion . 
  it means you 've become extreme about something , like an evangelised vegetarian . 
  you sound like one of those typical expats that moves to america and start becoming hyper-americanised to compensate frankly . 
  have you bought yourself a gun and a pick up with the american flag on it yet ? 
  so two people earning # 50,000 would pay # 5332 a year towards the nhs . 
  big deal ? 
  so to pay # 8,800 , you probably had a household income of over # 150,000 a year . 
  excuse me while a play the world 's smallest violin for you , you are literally part of the 1 % for whom nhs tax contributions would exceed the cost of private insurance . 
  for the 99 % it 's cheaper . 
  it 's also cheaper in costs per treatment , which means the nhs is paying much less for an identical treatment than your private insurer does in the usa, 
   it is a pure myth that the nhs is cheaper than us health insurance for working people, 
  the personal median income in the usa is $ 32,000 . 
  the median income in the uk is # 21,000 which is just under $ 30000 at today 's exchange rate . 
  what % of people would find health care cheaper under the nhs do you think ? 
  a fucking lot of them . 
  well britain combines the continental style casual drinking with regular british style weekend binge drinking for maximum alcohol consumption . 
  seems america only inherited the latter . 
  the irish would be grumbling at this for sure . 
  to compensate for your being a foreigner in that country . 
  i 've seen how it goes with immigrants , especially ones who go to america , often they spend years trying to be more native than native to make up for their foreign background . 
  i had family like that , it took them about 15 years of living there to grow out of it and start admitting that the us was n't the land of milk and honey and just another country . 
  sounds like your american dreaming harder than a fox news pundit on the 4th of july . 
   wages are higher, 
  the mean household income in texas $ 53k , in the uk it 's $ 60,778 . 
  please tell me more about these higher wages ? 
  that 's not even after calculating for the longer avg . 
  working week , the number of people working multiple jobs , the fewer public holidays and lack of mandatory holiday time . 
  it might be higher for the few people at the top , which is why gdp per capita is higher , but most people are nominally poorer . 
  in regards to healthcare it 's only a small minority ( the majority of people are not rich i hope you realise ) who are actually getting better value for money with a private health insurer in the us . 
  if more than 1 % what is it ? 
  i ca n't be bothered to do the maths but the vast majority of people are n't even on # 35,000 a year , nevermind # 50k . 
  honestly i do n't know why you 're defending the american system when it 's as flawed as it is . 
  i do n't even live in the uk , i live in germany .
