  they 're playing world of warcraft , online so they 're in the same place physically . 
  it starts with a fake but serious sounding discussion of the plan , as if they 're playing the game very seriously , then leeroy just comes back runs in like a lunatic . 
  its funny because this kind of shit used to happen all the time , there 's always that one idiot who does n't listen to instructions and just does whatever the fuck he feels like . 
  that 's just the gameplay style , it 's about finding strategy and timing , you just sound like baby crying because you could n't hack it , and i 'm saying this as someone who has dark souls but never got into it due to frustration . 
  usually when people complain about audio quality i think they 're exaggerating , but that was actually unlistenable . 
  if you health is ok then you 'll be fine imo . 
  i 'm over 200lb and regularly throw myself off ledges , fun boxes , ramps , whatever . 
  as long as you 're not going to keel over from a heart attack or snap a bone because you 're so out of shape then i think you 'll be fine . 
  there 's a big difference between 300lb tall and relatively muscular , and active , which is still obviously on the heavy side but within a tolerable degree of mobility and health , and being 300lb short and completely sedentary . 
  only you can gauge whether you believe you health is good enough . 
  the skates themselves will be able to handle it . 
  however , i do n't know what kind of skates you 're looking at , but i 'd recommend a flat power blading setup with some good quality wheels . 
  the big difference i noticed when i started to skate again , at my current weight of about 210lb compared to when i was a skinny teenager at about 160 lb was that if you skate an anti-rocker setup it really wears hard on the wheels if you 're on anything but super smooth concrete / wood . 
  countries where we 're used to food with a hell of a lot more adverse affects on digestion than burritos . 
  when you grow up on lamb phall and chicken vindaloo , burritos do n't even register on the scale any more . 
  1-3 times a day is normal according to doctors i believe, 
  as long as the skate are a decent brand you 'll be fine . 
  i 'd look at an 72mm + x 8 setup if i were you . 
  i 'm not the right person to ask about recreational skates though because i 'm a purely aggressive skater, 
   i know it 's not customary to tip waiters/waitresses, 
  i do n't think you do mate . 
  it 's pretty normal to tip roughly 10 % on a sit down meal with decent service . 
  unless the service was bad the majority of people always tip something . 
  we do n't make a song and dance about it like in the us where it must be at least x % or the waiter thinks they did something wrong . 
  also it 's not like if you do n't tip you 're a heartless bastard because the waiters and waitresses do n't even make minimum wage , because here they do get paid minimum wage . 
  nobody here measures it exactly like if you tip 8 % you 're cheap and if you tip 15 % you 're generous . 
  yet we definitely do tip in restaurants here . 
  other situations where tipping is possible is hairdresser , does n't matter if you tip here , some people do some people do n't . 
  you can tip the taxi driver by saying keep the change too , but again it does n't matter . 
  we do n't tip bar staff usually though , that 's quite unusual , because table service is unusual here , you get your drinks at the bar . 
  important point being that you should tip in restaurants unless you had a shitty time , and 10 % might be a good guide . 
  edit : i 'll also add that while you 'll definitely get decent `` ramen '' in london , do n't call it ramen , nobody calls it that here , you 'll want a japanese , vietnamese , or thai restaurant . 
  london has plenty . 
  however , why not try something different , the indian food is amongst the best in the world , have a lamb madras or something , you 'd be hard pushed to find a decent one in the us , whereas you 'll find plenty of good ramen places . 
  tell him to man up and try some curried goat . 
  there 's a whole world of favour out there he 's missing out on . 
  short answer , no . 
  long answer , almost all common law countries have some codified law , but that does n't stop them from being common law countries . 
  this , however , has nothing to do with minimum sentences ( totally separate matter so let 's not get confused ) . 
  ultimately if we said the us is mixed , then so is the uk , and so it australia , which then defeats purpose of calling anywhere a `` common law '' country , and blurs the line of definition between common law countries and truly mixed system like south africa and scotland . 
  the definitions here are massive oversimplifications , and the nuances of the real meaning of these terms are very far reaching . 
  just trust me when i say that the us legal system is a common law system , and does n't meet the criteria for a mixed system ( although let 's just forget louisiana exists ) . 
  snape dies , dumbledore dies , frodo gets the ring to mordor and golum dies !, 
  is rolling your own cigarettes rare in the us ? 
  it 's just that in europe many people roll their own , and it 's not beyond the realms of possibility they 'd stick it behind their ear . 
  also when i 've offered roll ups to americans before a few times they 've responded , `` sorry , i do n't want to get high '' and shit , and i had to explain it was n't weed . 
  mandatory naval service for car thieves and drug dealers . 
  the murica circlejerk . 
  i know it 's not meant seriously but it gets repeated so often you start to wonder how seriously people take it . 
  gets really boring seeing that gif of a freedom boner . 
  i mean you 'll be reading something on / r/food or something and someone will use metric units , cue 10 people asking `` what 's that in freedom units ? 
  '' , moon landing comments , commie units etc. 
  they 're probably trying to avoid confusing you with civil law , as in non-criminal law , and civil law , as in the european tradition of codified law harking back to the romans . 
  can be a cultural thing . 
  in some cultures it 's acceptable to interact with other people 's children if the parent is nearby , especially if that person doing it is female , in a similar way sometimes people might interact with you dog in the park . 
  i think in america people freak out the most about it , but certainly it 's less common in northern european culture than in the south . 
  really depends on the mentality of the society , these days everyone 's mind immediately jump to the idea that someone might want to hurt or abuse their child somehow . 
  this woman is american though so there 's no excuse , she should know that cultural norms mean what she 's doing is n't kosher . 
  as for the wetness thing , you can get everything from super dark sticky stuff to very dry almost like what you get in a cigarette , really depends on your preferred smoke . 
  dark heavy stuff tends to give a heavier smoke but does n't burn quickly and goes out more often , dry stuff can feel a bit dry on the back of your throat ( which is why i ca n't really smoke pre-made cigs anymore ) . 
  i tend to go for something damp but mild , like golden virginia . 
  funny , but those british accent were 100 % awful . 
  i feel like the level of effort this took would be enough to learn to play a real guitar . 
  there definitely are economic ramifications to a brexit . 
  will it be the apocalypse ? 
  but the currency markets have been responding to he news of the referendum and the pound is way lower than it would be otherwise . 
  if there is a vote to leave then it 'll only drop further , expect to see the euro and pound achieve parity if it does . 
  this is not good news for an import dependent country like the uk . 
  there 's a good reason why the current gov and business sector does n't want a brexit . 
  of course you can . 
  you can do a broadcast delay at your end just by messing with obs or whatever you 're using , you do n't need twitch to help you , it 's not hard to use software to delay the data twitch receives to be broadcast . 
  if twitch offers a feature that does this for you , it would be pointless to restrict it to only high sub streamers , because anyone could achieve this affect on their side . 
  even someone with 0 subs and 0 follows could do it , it 's not even hard . 
  i do n't know where you heard that about broadcast delay but it 's 100 % false , and this should be obvious to anyone who 's set up a stream before . 
  you certainly do n't need twitch to do a stream on a delay , and literally anyone can do a tournament because a delay is so easy to set up . 
  does anyone even drink 4 % lager these days ? 
  the only 4 % beer that seems popular is carling which is literally the worst beer ever . 
  i mean i 'm british and i barely know anyone who drinks that stuff on purpose . 
  all the beers i see are imported and around 5 % . 
  sure ale is weaker , but that 's not a session beer, 
  shame season 4 felt rushed and shallow . 
  the first 3 seasons were really good , but season 4 was almost as if they just wanted to pump out a wrapping up season so everything would be finished . 
  it 's the bbc 's flagship prime time chat show : the graham norton show . 
  it airs in most the english speaking world , and you should be able to see it on bbc america . 
  jennifer lawrence is british now ? 
  lol the joke is old as time . 
  you do realise most the successful comedians are just putting new twists on old jokes and selling it with their personality ? 
  you are giving 4chan waaay to much credit there . 
  one girl who happens to be like hollywood 's favourite female lead right now ? 
  it 's very popular and it 's meant to be shit . 
  it 's quite hard to explain the phenomena really . 
  no serious artists go on it , it 's meant to be the epitome of silly trashy euro pop , and it has a huge following the gay community worldwide . 
  you need to watch father ted , best thing to come out of ireland since guiness . 
  the plot of that particular episode is that they try to enter the eurovision . 
  still , i think the stereotype of britain as a nation of weak beer drinkers unused to continental strength lagers is a bit outdated these days . 
  carling is just that beer everyone avoids but is forced to drink in places like music venues and festivals because it 's cheap for the sellers , they can overcharge for it in these places , and because they know the sales of tickets wo n't be affected by shitty beer as everyone is there for the music anyway . 
  carlberg non-export is n't even british and is only drunk by old men . 
  ironically when i asked an italian mate of mine about british beer he immediately jumped to super tennents , which apparently very popular and trendy in italy , which a cool young image , rather than being perceived as tramp juice like we see it . 
  yeah , it used to be taken a bit more seriously back then because that kind of cheesy pop was popular . 
  the world moved on , but eurovision stayed the same , if that makes any sense .
