  so , there we go . 
  you obviously have a tin ear , or perhaps your desire to believe is stronger than reality for you . 
  an objective analysis of the phonetics shows otherwise . 
  if anything it 's a mixture of irish and west country , and absolutely nothing like north american accents whose vowels are completely different and were heavily influenced by languages like dutch and german , not to mention scottish and irish . 
   you said you were calm !, 
  it 's only pop music . 
  it does n't matter if you 're wrong about it . 
  ed whatshisname is aping motown and affecting a detroit accent cause it 's better to sing like that than hermin 's hermits . 
  ergh , i do n't give a fuck about pop music , what i ca n't stand is arrogant little tossers on reddit to spread misinformation about language without having done a day 's study in their life . 
   agree to disagree . 
  i think californian is entirely without points of note . 
  north dakota , however . 
  that 's an accent worth my attention . 
  and that 's about as objective as saying `` red is an ugly colour '' . 
  you might think that , but it 's no more true than any other subjective judgement you might confuse for fact . 
   which is why almost every pop singer of note does it , i guess . 
  they just love confirming lies with their artistic choices . 
  except they do n't , you just think they do because of the reasons i explained and your ethnocentric bias . 
  if you were british you would probably be wondering why american singers keep singing with british accents in their songs , the only reason we do n't hear that is because britons are n't typically as culturally bias as americans and realise the explanation must be deeper than that . 
  switzerland is not somewhere i 'd associate with freak outs . 
  one of the few countries that actually beats germany for its orderliness, 
  i 've already cited the phonological reasons why you think they sound american . 
  in fact most bands do not try to sound american , not is american any better for singing , you are simply suffering from cognitive bias because you ca n't hear the british accent so strongly and therefore assume it 's american . 
  ed sheeran sounds perfectly british to me , the beatles sound scouse in most their work . 
  some english artists do try to sound american , for example the rolling stones , but americans seem to think artists that sound totally english sound american simply because the accent is harder to hear when someone sings . 
  seriously your comment are killing my brain cells . 
  every time they get dumber . 
  will you fuck off you ignorant piece of shit ? 
  i really do n't care if you want to ignore millions of man hours of research and the consensus of the scientific community in favour of your pop psychology bullshit . 
  you are just a twat who knows nothing about singing , phonetics or linguistics and who shows all the signs of an arrogant racist fuckwit . 
  i do n't need to justify myself to you because the entire academic world agrees with me . 
  funny you should mention adele when she sings `` there 's a fi-yuh '' and `` we almost had it awl '' not there 's a `` fiurrr '' or `` ahll '' , in fact she does n't pronounce a single rhotic - r and her songs are full of rounded - o 's and - al 's . 
  yet it 's still american right ? 
  for fuck 's sake `` all '' and `` soul '' do n't even remotely rhyme in most american dialects . 
  amazing how british singers only sound american to americans ( or canadians ) . 
  perhaps that 's because when someone does n't sound like dick van dyke in mary poppins then you 're too dumb to even recognise the accent , because all you know of british accents are hammy exaggerations from 2nd rate american actors , and when it does n't conform to your stereotype you label it american . 
  sounds about right to me . 
  no she 's not . 
  like i said i do n't care about pop music . 
  what i care about is your ignorant offensive attitude towards language . 
  you claim to be canadian but frankly you seem to have adopted some stereotypical american cultural arrogance and unwillingness to listen to reasoned arguments or accept academic authority so i think you 're beyond help . 
  actually what adele is singing is / fa\u026a\u0259 / , the standard british pronunciation , what americans and canadians say is / fa\u026ar / with a rhotic - r. what 's funny is that virtually no american singers sing rhotically and all use the british pronunciation in words like this , the only singers who do n't are stuff like country and western singers and in their cases it 's really noticeable , yet the modern british are n't so arrogant as to go around claiming that british english is most neutral , least accented or american singers copy british styles , all common myths when reversed , all coming out the country with a god complex that thinks its the centre of the universe and that americans do n't have accents but everyone else does ( that level of dumb is just off the charts ) . 
  you do n't even realise what a dick you are . 
  i 'm done with your shit to be honest . 
  until you actually learn at least phonetic script and preferably ipa please do n't even bother to comment . 
  cockney people do not say `` honds '' or `` fiyah '' . 
  i also have no fucking idea what you mean by that shit because guess what , i do n't have the same accent as you . 
  you do n't have the first clue about phonetics yet you 're trying to lecture me about it . 
  it 's like someone who does n't speak german trying to tell a german how to speak german , it 's fucking ridiculous . 
  all you 're doing is insulting people by suggesting that their mode of speaking does n't accurately reflect how the word is written . 
  are you so thick that you do n't get this ? 
  do you not understand that when you write `` honds '' the sound you associate with an - o is n't the same as what i associate with an - o ? 
  nor is it what bob 200 miles down the road associates with an - o. 
  you are just making yourself look like a dick . 
  i have studied linguistics , i have trained myself to use ipa in order to be able to write down the sounds at are actually being used and not resort to some ridiculous attempt at writing them with the latin alphabet that will only make sense to me . 
  i can assure btw that actually learning ipa will vastly improve your ear for accents , in fact if you did so you would look back at what you are doing here and think how hilarious and dickish it looks . 
  it 's in fact you who has no fucking clue about how sounds work . 
  i find it ironic that you claim to be a vocal trainer , because you must be the biggest hack in the world if you 've managed to become one without learning ipa , it 's an embarrassment ( if that 's even true ) . 
  i actually know opera singers and one of the first thing they learn is how to read phonetic script so they can pull off singing in languages they might not be fluent in . 
  let me at least assure that there is no rhotic - r in any of adele 's songs , consequently your `` fyr '' , your layman 's attempt at phonetics is completely wrong ( although i ca n't actually be sure that 's what you 're trying to communicate because you do n't know ipa ) . 
  furthermore you notion that people in london say `` honds '' or at least what i think you mean by that assuming your speak standard general american is wrong again . 
  ironically californians say `` hands '' the same way that most britons say `` hands '' ( unlike most americans ) . 
  in fact cockney has a vowel shift , which means that `` hands '' if anything sounds like `` hends '' . 
  / h\u025bnds /, 
  do you not see how obvious it is you 're talking out your arse to someone who actually has a background in this stuff ? 
  it 's just ridiculous . 
  what you 're saying about embouchure is complete nonsense . 
  you realise that elongated `` a '' ( or at least what i think you mean by it ) , is used in operatic languages like italian and german constantly . 
  in fact these languages lack the sound that american english uses for - a completely . 
  do you have a fucking clue about any languages other than english ? 
   the california accent sounds like it 's from nowhere to my ears . 
  it lacks character . 
  it is for this reason i prefer regional accents like south western ontario , manchurian , n'awlins and scouse . 
  ** to your ear ** and not to anyone else 's . 
  your ability to project your personal subjective cultural bias into objective reality is actually overwhelming . 
  this is why you 're an idiot , because you 're unable to recognise your own subjective cultural bias , which makes me wonder what other ways you fail to distinguish your subjective reality from fact . 
  edit : ironic that you should mention herman 's hermits . 
  a band from manchester that deliberately exaggerated their accent to try to make money from the british invasion ( check wikipedia if you must ) , which is why you can actually recognise it as british sounding . 
  the irony is that you , like most americans ( and i guess canadians but i would n't know ) , only seem to recognise the british accent in sung form when it 's either someone deliberately putting it on for effect or someone who is sing speaking like the clash . 
  in the same way to my ear , only purely subjective level , only really country and western singers `` sound '' american , ordinary pop singers sound like they 're from nowhere , however i 'm clever enough to realise when i 'm being affected by a cognitive bias and the erosion of accents by the use of a singing voice and not project it as truth . 
  most of the time those repossession guys try it without actually having the paperwork 100 % in order because they know that 99/100 times the people will give when they turn up with 5 guys and a police escort behind them . 
  when the nutters start giving them that spiel they get a edgy and actually need to find out if they can have the go ahead . 
  the reason most repossessions fail however is simply because the baliffs will generally do anything to avoid forced repossession for liability reasons . 
  the law is clear enough though , they are allowed to forcibly repossess your home , including property damage and changing locks . 
  however they are still technically no more entitled to use physical force on your person than anyone else , so if you 're standing in front of them blocking their way and they push you over they could still be found guilty of an assault . 
  the police generally do not want to know because they do not want to be seen as enforcing private interests . 
  there is a good video somewhere on youtube where there was a forced repossession and the police and baliffs ended up carrying the person out the house , still a couple of them ended up with minor assault charges being filed against them for physically aggressive behaviour . 
  tv licence people are evil and will use every trick in the book to try to get you to confess , including claiming they already know you have a tv , asking to come in to `` talk '' only to push through the house once they have permission to enter and photographing your television , peering through curtains and all other kinds of bollocks which is technically illegal . 
  they are really cunts though because they 're being paid on commission much of the time . 
  ergh , the transatlantic accent has been out of fashion since ww2 . 
  your comments are boring , i 've explained it to you over and over again . 
  nor are you capable of fielding a response because you ca n't actually express what you mean due to your lack an understanding of phonetic script or ipa . 
  what 's truly hilarious is that you think british vowels are inherently bad for singers because of some bullshit to do with embouchure . 
  ironic that most british vowels are found in other european languages and not in american english . 
  you 're basically sound that languages like italian , german and french are inherently bad for singing because of their `` tight lipped - o '' and `` elongated - a '' . 
  tell me ? 
  how many great pieces of opera are written to be sung with american accents ? 
  honestly if you are a vocal trainer i feel terribly sorry for your students because they 're learning from a rank amateur with delusions of grandeur , someone more likely to ruin their voices than help them . 
  k buddy , whatever you say . 
  keep spouting your deluded bullshit .
