  culturally i think the uk is as close to germany as it is to the us , it 's just that this is n't so apparent because of the language divide and an unfortunate history . 
  by the same marker , the us is just as close to germany culturally as it is to the uk , albeit different elements of that culture . 
  it 's a joke ... 
  those things are n't really relevant to a british television audience . 
  the iron bowl might not be an ordinary college football game , but it served its purpose to portray the scale of american college sports overall . 
  the public does n't really care whether it 's the biggest rivalry or if other college games are n't quite as impressive , it 's just how television works and the iron bowl was the best example . 
  in the uk you 'd be lucky to fill a 2nd division football stadium for a varsity game of any sport , exceptions perhaps being stuff like the oxford cambridge rowing , so really all it was there for was to communicate the difference in mentality , which it did . 
  username checks out . 
  seems like you 'd be fine to me . 
  employers are n't exactly desperate for new staff , but if you 're willing to do any old menial work and healthy , have the equivalent of a-levels ( up to 18 education ) then i 'm sure you 'll find something in any major city . 
  i 'd choose manchester out of the options , leeds is ok , do n't know bradford but it 's not known for being an exciting city . 
  whatever you 've estimate i 'd add some extra on , it 's just always the way when you move somewhere new . 
  also i 'd recommend saving as much as you possibly can before you come as a safety buffer . 
  most complicated bit will be signing a rental agreement since they tend to want securities , you could consider living in a hostel type affair until you find a job . 
  you can bike anywhere in the uk really , i doubt anywhere will be so hilly as to make cycling too difficult . 
  this one ... 
  marmite  vegemite ... let 's have it australia, 
  funny , i 've always felt the uk and us , being kindred spirits in a `` special '' relationship , were pretty much even in the thinking they 're better and pretentious shithead stakes ... 
  makes sense a dyslexic would want more phonetic spellings . 
  waaay more sexual, 
  seriously when did trope become an acceptable word people use , it 's just kind of sneaked in there , i must have missed a memo or something . 
  what 's wrong with a perfectly normal clich\u00e9 ? 
  that does n't really explain it now does it , verily is a perfectly good word too but i 'm not going to use it in regular speech now am i ? 
  that \u2200 x \u2200 y ( x = y ) & \u00ac ( x \u2192 y ), 
  sadly i read this as reddit karma , as in meaning something along the lines of all the people i insulted on reddit , and in turn got downvoted for doing so , had it coming because my overall karma is positive ... 
  i need to stop spending so much time on reddit . 
  nom nom nom day9 ... no just no, 
  who is downvoting this and why ? 
  and through your words , we are euphoric in our understandings of them ... 
  this post has the whiff of bullshit , declension does n't replace conjugation , it serves an entirely different role ... and russian is conjugated . 
  plenty of languages have both , like german ... 
  wow you sound like an angry child `` some complete dickhead has to come in and show his ass '' ? 
  seriously ? 
  do n't have a tantrum when people call you out on your bullshit . 
  you said , trying to sound like / r/iamverysmart i might add ... 
   this also alludes to the fact that the russian language `` declines '' its nouns instead of `` conjugating '' its verbs . 
  this is nonsense . 
  firstly because it 's not `` instead of '' anything ... declension indicates a nouns function in a sentence by modifying the noun , adjective or article . 
  conjugation indicates what person the subject of the verb is in by modifying the verb . 
  they are different , with different functions . 
  secondly russian has conjugation so you 're obviously talking bullshit . 
  now you seem mad because you 've been called out on how wrong you are . 
  here 's a tip for using reddit , do n't try to embellish your posts with half knowledge and things you 're not sure about , just to sound smarter , it makes you look like an ass and discredits any actually useful information your post may contain ... clearly i stole daddy 's computer to post this ... 
  you sound like you have some deep seated personal issues so i 'm just going to leave you to your ranting . 
  also the clue is in the name pro * noun * . 
  that 's nothing ... 
  i 'd challenge any native speaker to recite [ this one : the chaos ] ( http://ncf.idallen.com/english.html ) without a few pronunciation errors . 
  if she were in england she 'd be right !, 
  i provided a technically incomplete answer by a small degree , not a totally misleading answer that made it seem as if declension were an alternative to conjugation that in turn made it seem as if i were talking completely out my arse . 
  nor did i misconstrue an entire language . 
  you seem to care way too much about this , perhaps it is you who is a small child who has stolen their daddy 's computer . 
  you should probably have some quiet time , chill out and gain some perspective on the situation rather than typing out long ranting replies . 
  hygiene neuroses is a big money spinner in the usa imo . 
  it 's only there that i 've heard statements such `` you bathe everyday that 's disgusting , you 're just wallowing in your own filth '' , `` washing your face in a sink of water with the plug in ? 
  ewww what if someone cleaned their teeth in that sink '' `` you do n't use wet wipes to wipe your ass , eww you 're just spreading the poop around '' `` you should shower before you take a bath '' . 
  seriously some people , a minority i might add , need to get over their germ phobia . 
  as long as you do n't smell , look dirty , or make yourself sick you 're fine by any sane person 's standards . 
  but i am better than you . 
  i do n't start ranting nonsense just because someone questions my knowledge and corrects me anonymously on a website . 
  you must be a very pathetic person to be continuing this thread , maybe you have personal issues , perhaps to you i personify everything that 's wrong with the world and the internet . 
  guess what ? 
  i do n't care , i just think it 's funny you 're still responding . 
  you wrote something highly misleading and now you 're sooo annoyed because i did n't treat you like someone i actually gave a damn about and dismissed you as a bullshitter , and you worked so hard to sound smart . 
  tough shit , that 's just the way it is , get a life loser !, 
  people who use the word trope a lot ... 
  be prepared to bask in the glory our ancient and truly civilised society , just as the germanic hordes did when their envoys first entered rome , weep at the beauty of its finery . 
  america should officially rejoin the commonwealth . 
  then you 'd be cool guys , like canada , australia , india and south africa . 
  a small percentage of spouse abusers are more likely to be abusive when their country loses at sports , therefore `` the english are animals '' ... 
  seriously go take a remedial logic class . 
  sorry , i did n't mean to forget the kiwis , you guys are cool too . 
  try developing an even crazier accent so you wo n't be mistaken for australians , then everyone will remember you !, 
  we call it fuck off you dull puritans day ... 
  you might be able to watch it [ here ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sf3orgspfn0 ) , ironically i ca n't because i 'm in england ? 
  way to be a bitch, 
  making people pay taxes to support the mother country = failing at managing resources now . 
  do you even know your own history it 's bewildering ... 
  that does n't even make sense . 
  the british won the battle of britain anyway ... 
  mostly because at the time the us had no real special value , there were plenty of other places to colonise and more pressing issues in europe to attend . 
  nobody of that era was thinking about the value of a huge chuck of wilderness in a few hundred years time . 
  clearly america 's current choices are aimed as achieving global hegemony in 2214 ... no wait 2114 ... no wait 2064 ... 
  my world is the real world . 
  your world is one where, 
   some complete dickhead has to come in and show his ass, 
  is a passable statement past the age of 12 ... 
  funnily enough us history does n't get that much attention in the rest of the world , it 's not considered all that relevant . 
  our history syllabus went something like norman invasion , magna carta and doomsday book , tudors , victorian england , ww1 , great depression , ww2 , cold war . 
  as you can see we did n't even study the 18th century in our own country never mind america , although the us does feature more heavily towards the end which is reflective of its actual global significance . 
  whilst things like the pilgrims , founding fathers and declaration of independence might seem important to americans , the us was still a traitorous backwater then and did n't make an iota of difference to global affairs until much later . 
  i 'm just going to put [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=emyzofchdoq ) here, 
  i believe some of the fashion comes from the pua idea of peacocking . 
  the trilby and fedora were considered good peacocking fashion statements . 
  it became more common and became a clich\u00e9 associated with the type of immature smug nerd who thinks owning a v for vendetta mask is coolest things ever , is a militant atheist and constantly whines about getting friendzoned by all the girls he creepily befriends believing it will get him laid , leading him to think pua is the coolest shit ever . 
  you 're full of it mate . 
  op is looking to stay here for a couple of years for the experience . 
  there are plenty of jobs where an american would be preferred to a non-native english speaking immigrant , job market is n't brilliant but there 's far more opportunity than a few years ago . 
  being american op already has tonnes of advantages over someone immigrating here . 
  stop being such anti-immigration doomsayer . 
  seriously op why have n't you done this ?
