  as long as the uk really just loses influence but stays supporting the eu economy , it wo n't matter if a few other countries do the same , there 's very few advantages and it leaves the other nations clear to press for further centralisation . 
  yeah , that 's essentially what i 'm saying . 
  the real danger is losing the single market access . 
  financial concerns are already saying a norway like deal is tolerable from their point of view . 
  if the uk leaves the single market , it 's up shits creek without a paddle , london will shrink due to the loss of a financial passport to sell services to europe ( the french are already making threats about london losing right regarding euro denominated trades , although its just scaremongering at this point ) . 
  also the single market determines our trade relations with 50 other countries , losing it would be a disaster , something that no sane politician would bother with . 
  wales invented the sheep intestine condom , england however were the first to remove it from the sheep before using it . 
  ironically , it was the uk who vetoed the eu 's plan to put higher tariffs on chinese steel . 
  meanwhile one of the leading arguments ukip made there was that the eu bloc 's tariff on chinese steel is 9 % whereas in the us it 's +200 %, 
  if brexit does happen i think the irish will do very well out of it if the uk ends up in a unique position in regards regulation and trade . 
  both in the sense that you 'll mop up business that wants a fully fledged eu member and you 'll then be able to tap unique business opportunities in the british market that wo n't be as readily accessible to the mainlanders . 
  ultimately that 's just the way the wind is blowing . 
  i consider myself liberal , but imho subsidising and nationalising unprofitable industry is not a smart move . 
  nor are tariffs to keep markets unnaturally competitive . 
  if china can process deal more cheaply then it will . 
  it 's better if the government subsidises individuals while assisting and incentivising them to take up new industries than to keep the factory going for the sake of the workers . 
  imo the real problem is that tories did n't do enough to reinvest into these places and redevelop their economies . 
  [ well duh ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=37ihswa1swe ) welcome to geopolitics . 
  not unless you 're called dave and have baroness for a mother . 
  honestly i think the german government is most in favour of the british leaving the eu , because they know britain will take eea membership . 
  even though most of the eu would n't be too upset if britain demoted itself to eea , as britain merely disadvantages itself in terms of political power and gains nothing that would make other countries jealous , they would still prefer britain stayed in , because pragmatically a status quo result poses the least threat to the eu project . 
  germany on the other hand are looking at their own interests , and realise how much power they 'll gain without the eurosceptic british government at the decision making table . 
  this is why the eu are playing hardball , saying things like `` we expect article 50 to be invoked immediately '' and `` no negotiations , formal or informal , before art 50 '' , whereas the germans are trying to appear more helpful , saying `` it understand britain needs time '' and giving assurances behind the scenes . 
  ironically in this situation , the more facilitating a party is toward the brexit , the more they actually want us to leave , and the more they pressure us and refuse to compromise / negotiate , the more they 're trying to dissuade to from leaving . 
  people keep saying our markets have bounced back ... even a dead cat will bounce . 
  i really get the impression that the news are trying to deceive the less economically inclined portion of the population into believing all is rosy again and that it was all `` project fear '' all along . 
  no , a 3 % bounce on a 10 % drop does not a `` recovery '' , especially when a lot of it is due to the bank of england 's pumping reserves into the economy to stop things getting any worse . 
  even google translate could n't make it that funny . 
  it 's just all german expressions with literal translations . 
  i think you really overestimate brussel 's ability to act . 
  kicking the uk out would be dreadful for international relations , absolutely drastic , the british public would turn on europe instantly , it would cause serious global trouble . 
  europe would be blamed for every job loss and every austerity measure that followed . 
  never going to happen . 
  the most eurosceptic uk has been a pariah in the eu for decades , it 's used to not getting a seat at most of the decision making tables , there 's very little the eu can do to force the uk to leave , or to make it worse for them while they stay . 
  the uk retains its vote in the eu and has the power to veto any serious move the eu might want to make . 
  they can cause trouble , but nothing massively drastic . 
   accelerating negotiations with turkey to make it join sooner rather than later, 
  i think this is just testimony to how little you understand the situation . 
  turkey is decades away from complying with the requirements of membership , there are also a number of countries that will block turkey 's membership regardless as things stand . 
  also britain has always been pro turkish membership . 
  it 's only the anti-immigration portion of the leave supporters that would even care about that , and now that the referendum is over these people matter very little . 
  i realise there are a lot of angry mainlanders out there who want to punish the uk and show them who 's boss , this however , is politics , it 's not personal . 
  i 'm hearing too many french and german voices who seem to think this is about ukip taking over the uk , or the promises the leave campaign made , that the uk needs to be booted out of everything ( eea and eu ) , thrown into a recession , to stop the contagion and punish britain for leaving to secure the integrity of the eu . 
  in reality , this would be one of the worst outcomes imaginable for everyone , and the french and german governments are smart enough to understand this . 
  everyone is looking at the projected outcomes for various moves , both geopolitically and economically , this is not about principle or emotions . 
  the ideal outcome is the status quo . 
  i doubt it . 
  my money is on the next prime minister calling a general election . 
  the leave voters simply do n't matter , the economy however does . 
  what you have to realise is that the leave voters have no recourse except the polls , and the tory party will just send people out to fall on their sword over and over to absorb that outrage rather than actually threaten the economy . 
  i imagine gove 's position on drugs policy and privacy would n't be much better . 
  may is the lesser evil . 
  what a load of crap , the brexiteers were all revved up to call for a 2nd referendum , the petition for it was made by a brexiteers in preparation for losing . 
  the leave campaign would never give it up . 
  what 's funny is it 's the privileged classes who will be least impacted by the uk leaving , people are whinging because we know the morons who voted leave are only going to get angrier when we enter a recession . 
  that 's a retarded position . 
  like saying i 'd be glad if america collapsed because of its genocide of native americans and oppression of african slaves . 
  oh yeah , the poor having nothing to lose . 
  oh , except that 's bullshit . 
  if you think it 's bad now , wait til it gets worse . 
  how do you think those single mums are going to feel when their child benefit gets cut ? 
  how about when the price of petrol and food goes up ? 
  how are those zero hours contracts people going to feel when they have to trade that shitty deal in for an even shitter one getting 70 quid a week on job seekers ? 
  i 've been unemployed in the uk living off job seekers , i 've also worked in a supermarket getting barely 7 quid an hour . 
  despite this , i know that the answer to our problems is n't shitting the metaphorical bed by pushing the uk into a recession all because of some unfounded belief that foreigners are stealing our jobs and services . 
  and i suppose you hate the french for their colonising africa , the germans for ww1 , ww2 , and namibia , the belgians for the congo , the italians for north africa , the spanish for south america , russia for oppressing the eastern bloc and so forth ? 
  i wonder which flawless country you belong to , i 'm sure i could find some crimes your ancestors committed that make you worthy of punishment . 
  oh yeah , i 'm sure people in your nation were n't conquers because they 're inherently nicer human beings , not because it was other countries with the guns and the armies and your country with the bows and arrows . 
  no one wanted him , but this just shows what a coward he is , we 're not outraged because he wo n't run the country , we 're outraged because of what a despicable weasel he is . 
  corbyn was a crap leader , a lot of the hardcore left side of the labour party are defending him , but personally i think he was shit . 
  his support for the remain campaign was awful , and honestly , he 's an old school leftist , who would n't have guessed it , that lot hate the eu because they 're pro protectionism and unions . 
  as a centre leftist there 's nobody to support . 
  used to be lib dem until that went to shit , neither labour nor tories are appealing to this large moderate demographic . 
  all we want is a left wing party that is more socially conscious than the tories but still economically competent . 
  honestly , we are the lost political group , the pro-europe pro-internationalism pro-economy and pro-society people who used to support labour and now everything has gone to shit . 
  i suppose we can expect the scots to start picking up americanisms like the bloody aussies now too . 
  tfw you 're an english speaker in a foreign country and realise that 's probably how you write in the language . 
  always noo-gut for me . 
  so i suppose when you join a kick boxing group , and then one lesson a random member straight up sucker punches another member in the back of the head , that 's not assault either ? 
  i mean they are all there to `` assault '' each other . 
  university may well have an on campus surgery , which is handy . 
  they will , the banks are n't in danger , the jobs their uk operations provide will decline though . 
  i hope you now see now how france is actually incentivising the uk to leave , whereas brussels and germany are making it more difficult . 
  if you had been right about article 50 forbidding this then this would n't be possible . 
  the countries that give the uk better options increase the likelihood of uk going out , the ones that play hardball do not . 
  france * is * acting in a way that would aid uk 's brexit , which is exactly what i told you before put you said it was the `` rule of law '' and other such nonsense . 
  it seems that its the french that see the situation as most beneficial for themselves if the uk leaves . 
  if you read back what i said , i was talking about informal negotiations and other acting in ways that increase certainty regarding what would happen if article 50 is invoked , things such as making your position clear , either official or unofficially . 
  i never suggested that it was possible to start formal negotiations with the eu before article 50 was invoked . 
  my point is that the less information the eu and eu member states give out , and the harsher the position they do give out when they finally get round to it , the more they actually decentivise the uk from leaving . 
  yet just by giving the uk some information or suspicion of what other countries ' stances will be if the uk invokes article 50 , even if that position if harsh , it assists britain in leaving by helping it to prepare . 
  the french , by giving indications that they would support a deal which would please a large segment of the british electorate , even if it 's a terrible idea for the uk economically , is actually in a strange way increasing the chance of a brexit . 
  france is clearly indicating that it feels it has more to gain from britain leaving than other countries that have indicated harsher positions currently believe they do . 
  i think france could well be the first country to break the pact of silence further down the line and discuss their respective positions with the british government , either in informal negotiations or behind closed doors . 
  as i said before there 's nothing in the treaty to prevent this . 
  the eu itself will most likely remain quiet on the issue officially until article 50 is invoked as a matter of principle , but the different individual members will take different positions , and there is nothing in any treaty preventing them from doing so . 
  of course , we have to remember that one member state does not control the eu , so just because france makes these indications does n't entail they 'll ever truly be up for grabs , but it tells us a lot about what the french government are actually thinking at least . 
  the french government 's position clearly differs from that of the actual eu , who most likely see the uk chickening out of the brexit as a more winning outcome than the french do right now . 
  this difference in position probably stems from having different stakes in the outcome , france 's problem with le pen no doubt being a large factor . 
  the eu most likely still sees britain chickening out as the optimal result , because of the strong message it would send about the non-viability of member states leaving the eu to the governments of those member states directly ( the kind of people who care a great deal about the economy ) .
