  first off . 
  dictionaries are run by linguistics , linguists are descriptivists . 
  i am a descriptivist too fyi , and you should be to ( i do n't know what your position is but i hope you are ) . 
  because dictionaries are run by linguists they quite rightly record what people say , they do not concern themselves with what older prescriptivist thought decided what was correct . 
  secondly , many online dictionaries are quite shoddy and give themselves officious sounding names but really are just cobbled together to farm clicks without the professionalism of institutions like oed and merriam-webster . 
  now let 's see what a real linguist ( not a dictionary editor ) has to say about this very matter , who better than world famous linguist john wells who has written on this topic . 
  please read :, 
  as you see the pronunciation i told you was considered correct `` comf-tuh-bul '' is listed as the preferred pronunciation in american english , with the four syllable pronunciation as secondary in both britain and america . 
  ( you 'll also find a discussion of the - r behind the - t that you were complaining about ) . 
  why could this be i wonder ? 
  could it be that the primary pronunciation is the one that has historically been considered correct , whereas the secondary was added because its usage is common enough to warrant it a place ? 
  oh yes , that makes perfect sense . 
  it was n't arbitrary at all . 
  what you 're missing that that back in the day different dialect realised different suffixes and affixes differently vocally , and also rendered them differently in written form . 
  - um was actually how the latin suffix - ium had made it 's way into french . 
  point is , aluminum as aluminium is much the same as when an american quotes something a briton wrote and automatically removes the - u 's from words like colour . 
  it was n't that the author was n't to change the name , it 's that he realised that the suffix should be rendered - ium in his standard english dialects . 
  no it 's written pall mall but the historically correct pronunciation is pell mell , like half the people in this thread you 're judging for doing it right . 
  you realise that you mouth is n't really designed to make two devoiced sounds one after another . 
  he is right if you only count the `` queen 's english '' as correct . 
  th correct one is shedjual you uncultured american swine . 
  you are stupid my friend . 
  we form adjectives using the past participle form in english most of the time . 
  the past participle form of `` to live '' has the sound of `` give '' and not `` jive '' . 
  he has `` lived '' here for 10 years , therefore `` short-lived '' . 
  this is so wrong it 's actually quite funny . 
  - sk 's suck , - sh 's rule , suck it . 
   so i guess the online versions of reputable dictionaries consist entirely of new entries banged out by uneducated dolts , as opposed to derivations from those same print dictionaries ? 
  because these prestigious companies are utterly indifferent to the quality of the work they publish online ? 
  mark me skeptical . 
  i did n't say that , but many online dictionaries are poor , and each has its own ideas . 
  i 'm not saying there are no good ones . 
  i use them too , but they are n't scripture . 
  oed is behind a paywall , but i trust mw when it comes to us english . 
  all of this is by the bye . 
   and in opposition to several cited reference works that support my ideas of american english pronunciation , you offer : a british linguist ,, 
  i offer you the world 's leading expert on english phonology , the author of the world 's primary english language phonetic dictionary , his nationality is of no relevance whatsoever . 
   i will keep saying k\u028cm \u00b7 f\u0259r \u00b7 t\u032c\u0259 \u00b7 b\u0259l and thinking less of those who choose k\u028cmf \u00b7 t\u0259r \u00b7 b\u0259l ; you can say `` comf-tuh-bul '' and think less of me for giving every letter the full pronunciation allowed by law . 
  ( is n't free choice a wonderful thing ? ), 
  or how about people stop using language like a weapon and you stop judging people and thinking less of them for having a different pronunciation . 
  all i 've done in this thread is go through and point out when people are complaining about a pronunciation that has a very good claim to legitimacy . 
  i have n't even tried to convince people to stop being dicks , but if you 're going to be a judgemental idiot at least do it correctly and know the history of the word you 're complaining about . 
  what you and so many other people are doing is complaining on the basis of how the word is spelt , which is ironic because historically so many pronunciations that were considered `` educated '' were not pronounced exactly as the word is spelt , and using a phonetic pronunciation were considered uneducated as it indicated you only knew the word from reading . 
  some people would i assure you . 
  what does correct pronunciation even mean anyway , it only really exists if we more or less arbitrarily pick a dialect to be correct and compare everything against that . 
   i have the sort of flat accent you hear on american tv, 
  i 'd like to point out there nothing `` flat '' about that accent , you might perceive that way but it 's entirely subjective . 
  i know but do n't want anyone to think brits actually say haitch . 
  well yeah , there are a minority that do use it , and it 's very common in ireland and scotland , but its not the most common or `` official '' pronunciation . 
  fair enough i do n't disagree with anything you said :p, 
  america is big = america ris big, 
  english is a language that does n't need pauses between words , the language has a flow more similar to french than say german ( although french is even more flowing ) . 
  usually when confronted with a word beginning with a vowel sound we typically use the final consonant of the word to flow to the next . 
  for example foreigners will have trouble distinguishing . 
  `` bananas are '' from `` banana zar '', 
  when we have a word ending with a vowel immediately followed by a word beginning with a vowel then we use a linking sound , a consonant that allows us to run the words together smoothly . 
  in most american dialects the linking sounds available are - y and - w , however in most british dialects they are - y , - w , and - r. 
  this is because in most british dialects - r is silent unless it is immediately followed by a vowel . 
  when i say silent though , i do n't mean it does nothing , however it is not pronounced with a consonant of its own , but rather it changes how the vowel is vocalised . 
  a + r = ah for example , but for our purposes that does n't matter . 
  it is because this - r is silent that the sound becomes available as a way to link words together without any confusion , people who speak dialects with this feature no more notice the - r bridging sound than you notice that you are using - y and - w to link words . 
  speakers of english dialects that pronounce - r 's whenever they occur in a word e.g irish english and most american dialects except for the north east , do get confused though because they 're used to hearing - r sounds made at the end of words . 
  point is that britons are n't adding - r 's to the ends of words , in british english words never have - r sounds at the end of them , what they 're doing is sticking an - r on the front of the next word so they can flow from vowel to vowel without pausing . 
  which sound you use to link two vowels depends on the position of your mouth at the end of the word and the target for the next vowel . 
  i find this often happens even with languages that are less niche if you go to those countries . 
  for example , if you are an english native speaker who speaks german and you go to germany , people who are n't very good at english find you fascinating because so rarely to they encounter english speakers that can speak to them in their native language . 
  managed capitalism incorporate elements of free trade . 
  free trade definitely as a good side as well . 
  acting like it 's terrible is foolish . 
  for one , free trade across a wide area tends to raise the purchasing power of the people within that area greatly . 
  guaranteed barrier free trade between areas allow supply chains to become vastly more efficient . 
  we 'll have no trouble here !, 
  this is true , it never happens then , at least not in most british dialects . 
  i 'll add that to brits `` i dear '' and `` idea '' are homophones , but you 'll never hear the - r in either unless they 're immediately followed by a vowel . 
  since i left the uk it 's only now struck me how bizarre our aversion to the 50 is , go anywhere in europe and 50 euro notes are an incredible common thing , and ironically a 50 euro note is n't worth much less than a # 50 these days . 
  go to a small shop in the uk and they 'll have a fit getting out the testing pens etc. . . 
  it 's like we have n't accounted for inflation and still think a 50 is enough for a downpayment on a house . 
  there are n't any ... there are a few areas in which you need to be careful after dark , but that 's just because of regular criminals rather than islamic extremists . 
  getting diarrhoea from fast food is something i 've only heard about in the us , honestly it 's just the sheer quantity of grease . 
  i guess that 's why all the girls swoon upon hearing american accents ... oh right ... they do n't . 
  briton is the proper name for a person from britain you realise ? 
  uncle ruckus to the rescue . 
  woman genuinely wanted to know if there were trees in the uk , not kidding . 
  clearly jealous that your women flock to our accent . 
  whereas when the rest of the world hears yours they 're like `` watch out , here come to obese tourists in white socks and sandals '' . 
  maybe , i 've had some amazing food in the us but mostly at higher end places , the run of the mill mcdonalds in the us is actually worse if you ask me . 
  that said , places like five guys and white castle blow most european fast food out of the water . 
  i can assure you that plenty of americans say sikth . 
  you 're probably just not even noticing that they 're dropped the devoiced - s because that an accent you 're used to and do n't hear it , whereas when brits do it you 're more consciously aware of it . 
  this is definitely more of an `` english speaker '' thing than a british peculiarity . 
  i mean how about `` fifths '' , it 's incredibly rare for anyone to pronounce all three devoiced sounded consecutively , and that goes for all english speakers , not just one particular brand of english . 
  hey , i 'm not saying grease is n't tasty , it 's just bad for you . 
  yes those places are greasy , but what they do with it is better than what most european fast food places do . 
  the lengths they go to ensure you get a delicious ( if dangerously greasy ) meal are greater than what you 'd get in most places . 
  point is the grease is worth it when they put the effort in ( even if it 's slowly killing you ) , whereas stuff like bk and mcdonalds just taste the same but greasier and with larger portions , which actually makes it inferior to what you get from maccers and bk in europe . 
  america, 
  except in our dialects this sound simply does n't exist , trying to pronounce it feels like i 'm making a face like a pitbull chewing a bee . 
  there 's so much wrong about what you said . 
  i have no what that sound is , that is n't a phonetic symbol . 
  rhoticism only refers to post-syllabic - r in most contexts , what you 're saying , that there is an - r consonant in bre , is obvious .
