  the very lifestyle is harmful by necessity . 
  cool fact , in the beta ud could speak common , i mean they used to be human right so why would they forget ? 
  gutterspeak is meant to be a degraded form of common mixed with orcish i believe . 
  anyway they removed it because it had such huge griefing potential . 
  i wonder if that wheelchair stuntman is actually disabled . 
  no hypocrisy at all . 
  it 's embarrassing how much doctors and nurses earn in the uk compared to other nations . 
  it 's no wonder so many move to australia . 
  a doctor on # 60,000 a year before tax would be on # 100,000 there , and the price of living and tax would be less . 
  i 'd rather be seen as british than english frankly . 
  england 's rep has been going down the drain internationally lately . 
  ( also from england ), 
  you should be glad you were mentioned at all ... 
  who by , boris johnson and nigel farage ? 
  calling him that actually helps people remember which george you mean because there are 6 of them . 
  mad king george is easy to remember because he 's the one who lost the 1st british empire . 
  everyone remembers that he was mad and that he pissed funny colours . 
  he was actually mad you realise , as in we he was known to be suffering from an illness that could cause madness ? 
  why would the british have a nickname for nikolai the second in this day and age ? 
  surely russians also have names for historical figures that are less than `` official '' . 
  mri lol . 
  metal and mri do n't mix . 
  ca n't believe it 's real . 
  also 1937-1943 the cat was called munich mouser . 
  i do n't presume you 're a man but i do presume you 're a dick . 
  what 's a demon hunter ? 
  lol, 
  if you had a brain you 'd mean that earnestly . 
  dumb video , germany actually integrates people pretty well due to both the language barrier and the focus put on integration culturally . 
  large portions of the turkish community are agnostic / lapsed muslims as well , many drink alcohol and if they do n't eat pork it 's more for cultural reasons than religious reasons . 
  [ superiority of us technology ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ktkn1asoyos ), 
  not even a real country !, 
  did n't actually become a country until quite recently compared the others , was historically just a rowdy celtic province of england . 
  well you 're an idiot who would be better suited to nazi germany than the uk then . 
  this is more of a factor i reckon . 
  cannabis is a fantastic medicine . 
  it kills nausea , encourages appetite , slows down intestinal activity without stopping it , lessens chronic pain , facilitates sleep . 
  in many users it also lessens anxiety and in many users the side effects are minimal , for those who do have a negative reaction the signs are immediate and they can easily avoid it in future rather than taking it for weeks before finding they 're struggling with side effects . 
  i ca n't tell you how many times i 've taken an otc or prescription medicine only to find it helps with one thing at the expense of another . 
  stomach medicine which while preventing the runs gives you a nasty bloated cramping feeling instead , pain medicine that gives you chronic constipation , allergy medication that gives you asthma like symptoms instead . 
  i 'm not one of those nutters that thinks cannabis cures cancer or whatever , but as a generic home remedy for minor ailments the stuff is ideal . 
  if it were legalised i think the sale of the harsh chemical crap they sell otc and get people dependent on to treat minor chronic illnesses like joint pain , ibs , heart burn , mild insomnia etc. 
  would be cut in half overnight . 
  everything sounds epic played by a military brass band . 
  i know that extractions exist and are legal , but from what i 've heard it 's very very hard to get most nhs doctors to prescribe them . 
  also , thc , while causing a `` high '' , clearly has some medical benefits as well . 
  well i suppose that 's a step forward , i guess it 's allowed because it 's thc free . 
  i do n't think things will be fair until cannabis plant matter , oil etc. 
  can be obtained legally though . 
  that , and the horrible 2002 style editing . 
  actually quite a common phenomena when someone is speaking your language , and their own native language does n't distinguish between two sounds . 
  germans manage to say stuff that sounds like `` von werry cold vater '', 
  [ richard ayoade is also funny in interviews ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjc3ycs_2js ), 
  most turkish in germany have . 
  more trouble is caused by the new wave coming from mena areas . 
  i find it so weird that american university expect adults to share rooms . 
  american universities seem as strict as the schools we have for 16 and under year olds in the uk . 
  for those outside the us , what 's an ra ? 
  in the uk , many dorms being build now have en suite bathrooms , where i stayed was basically like having my own flat except for the fact we shared a kitchen . 
  you do meet and be close to people in single rooms too . 
  close a fucking enough if you ask me . 
  i 'd probably drop out just because of the problems living with another human being in the same room as me . 
  also , do you have to live on campus at us universities ? 
  ca n't you just rent a room/flat nearby ? 
  of course there is land and infrastructure ... the universities in cities just buy properties in the city and turn them into halls , they do n't have to knock down houses . 
  it 's actually very profitable for the universities , since they make a lot of money off the high density housing . 
  you can buy two or three blocks of flats in a cheap area , turn them into flats , and that whole area will go up in value because of the students . 
  campus unis generally have land so they invest in some really nice accommodation , i 've seen student halls with balconies on mood lighting in the uk . 
  is the accommodation included in the price of tuition or something in the us ? 
  because if it is n't why would n't you make more money giving students better housing ? 
  the u.s army does n't mind !, 
  from the country with the biggest industry in selling mental health medication to parents for their children going ? 
  lol , people still care about that . 
  guru-murthy is a pretty decent entertaining anchor . 
  people who do n't know his news career seem to hate him disproportionately . 
  the british press have certain obligations to justify promotional material being shown on channels and programmes because of the funding they receive from the licence fee and non-profit organisations . 
  that is why you often see british journalists doing unusual or left of centre interviews , the interview is n't meant to be a `` commercial for my movie '' as tarintino reminded us all . 
  i 'm pretty sure that the media crews employed by the celebrities are aware of that . 
  that said , with rdj it seemed like a low blow . 
  ca n't say i was n't entertained or that i felt any sympathy or a millionaire actor though . 
  not really . 
  it 's caused by someone pronouncing a sound that in a sense lies between two sounds you 're expecting ( it is neither sound but an approximation that to the foreign speaker 's ear sounds equivalent ) . 
  it 's like you were talking in code that used colours , but whenever a red or yellow colour was needed someone responded with orange . 
  all their yellows appear too red and all their reds appear too yellow . 
  your brain may fill in the blanks , because the other colours around what they send is enough to make it clear what they mean , but for every red they send you 'll think that looks almost like yellow , and for every yellow they send you 'll think that looks almost like red . 
  language is n't like colour though , because the way we process colour is different . 
  with speech we tend to be very good as knowing when something unusual or unexpected is happening , we can usually detect traces of a non-local accent with scary accuracy , but unlike with colour , we 're terrible at discerning what those changes are in any real sense , which is why everyone can detect accents but very few people can actually define what 's changed ( and consequently this is a reason in why very few people can reconstruct an accent and do a convincing impression , sure anyone can pull of a corny exaggerated southern us accent that plays on the most noticeable phonetic idiosyncrasies of the dialect , but try that in texas and you 'll be laughed at , to their ears it 'll sound unconvincing as all the nuances have been left out ) . 
  going back to the colour analogy , it 's as if we 're unable to see shades of colour , and all we see when someone shows us orange is either that its not red and looks a bit too yellowy or not yellow and looks a bit too reddish , we do n't clearly distinguish it as an entirely different colour , which would be orange . 
  this happens because when you learn a language you brain focuses in on those sounds that language is constructed out of . 
  you see that difference between red and yellow clearly because your language has both red and yellow , however the japanese speaker 's language does n't have red and yellow , it only has orange . 
  likewise if there was a language that had yellow , red , and orange , and you tried to speak it , then you 'd mistake orange for red or yellow , because your brain is n't tuned to detect orange . 
  most likely when you tried to say a word that used orange , it would always sound either too red or too yellow to the speakers of that language . 
  when you 're a kid it 's much easier to wire the set of sounds ( colours ) that your brain accurately detects , which is why kids that thoroughly learn a language in childhood and maintain it into adulthood tend to pass for native when speaking that language ( assuming they learned from native sources ) , however , an adult learning a language may learn a language fluently in their 20s and retain their foreign accent into their old age . 
  lol he 's not an interviewer , he 's one of the biggest uk news anchors , he 's hated in the us though because he 's not nice to hollywood celebrities , and famously caused both tarantino and robert downey jnr to walk out . 
  it actually shocked me how much hate that got him outside the uk , americans seem to really care about their celebrities ' feels . 
  he 's not really . 
  c4 is a profit channel with advertising , but programmes like c4 news receive licence fee money to support them because they 're considered educational , informative , and necessary , due to their being a news programme . 
  c4 is not restricted in what they can promote like the bbc is , but c4 news will have restrictions on it if it wants the funding . 
   i 'm unsure of why or how he keeps getting these high profile interviews when it 's quite clear of how the interview is conducted, 
  you 're probably unaware that he 's one of the biggest news anchors in the uk .
