  it 'll be something like `` keynes underestimates the impacts of quantitative easing on developed economies '' discuss ? 
  or something like that , usually putting forward known scholarly arguments on the matter and then adding your own opinions with justification and reaching your own conclusions . 
  in this type of paper they 're testing both your grasp and knowledge of the material as well as your own capacity to reason to a position of your own . 
  in these papers having the correct answer does n't matter a bit ( there is n't one really ) provided you 've reached it in a logical and well informed matter . 
  the only way to be wrong is the conclude something on the basis of a misunderstanding or to completely lack any justification for taking it . 
  hell you can even conclude that you do n't have a position provided you outline exactly why you think the problem is unresolvable . 
  therefore it 's impossible to get 100 % on anything . 
  the people who usually get the highest marks are mathematical geniuses who can answer all their questions in such depth within the time frame that they might get 90 % , in the humanities the highest i ever saw someone earn is 84 % ( on coursework i 'll add too ) and the professor was encouraging the student to use it as a basis for their master 's thesis . 
  anything above 70 % is considered a 1st class degree because professors will only give above 70 % to what they consider exceptional . 
  the other categories at 2:1 ( 60-70 % ) which is considered a solid pass , 2:2 ( 50-60 % ) which is considered a flaky pass , and a 3rd ( 40-50 % ) which is just consolation prize really . 
  usually less than 10 % of students will get a 1st , only 6 people managed it in my year of 100 students . 
  it 's also of note that uk universities work differently than the us 's , focusing far more on depth of knowledge than breadth . 
  you choose your subject speciality before you even arrive and constantly build on that knowledge . 
  you can rarely change your subject without going back to square one , since if you were a 3rd year history student and walked into a 3rd year psychology course they 'd be building on 2 years previous knowledge and it would mostly go right over your head . 
  there are some exceptions to this within similar subjects though , for example politics and philosophy , but not for anything that requires technical understanding you wo n't have covered in your previous classes or a completely different set of skills . 
  what 's wrong with having a club for esoteric beliefs ? 
  the masons do n't hide that fact , they merely hide the higher up systems and rites they have otherwise it would defeat the purpose of a secret society would n't it . 
  when members join this is explained to them , as it is explained that they do n't have to participate in it particularly within the normal ranks of masonry and can treat it as a charitable gentleman 's club . 
  higher ranking masons have written books explaining their secrets if you want to know what they get up to . 
  i do n't see how masons with their trouser leg rolling and blind fold walking is any weirder or more perverse than drinking god 's blood every sunday or chopping off part of your baby 's penis to a sign of the covenant god made with abraham . 
  depends how rich you are though , if you 're mega rich you can pay someone to do all the hard work for you . 
  then again , you 're probably still crazy . 
  really rich people are more likely to be paranoid and mean . 
  i mean not every rich person is paranoid and mean , i 've met some super nice multi-millionaires , but some people do become so with wealth . 
  you might say that it 's because people are always trying to take advantage of them and get free stuff as is the case with people from poor backgrounds who suddenly make a lot of money , but i 'm not even talking about those people . 
  i 'm talking even in middle class suburbia where everyone is at least well off and able to support themselves , where everyone pays their way and is happy to split the bill at dinner , even there the ones with the most money were often the biggest wankers . 
  i remember seeing it in school friend circles ( at a private school where everyone was at least middle class ) , the kids whose parents were regular well off professionals like teachers , nurses , doctors , office workers , solicitors and stuff like that were usually really chill , happy to have their kids friends over and cook them dinner , even when their kids did bad things like get drunk on their booze they would mostly laugh it off . 
  however the kids whose parents were mega rich ( and there were enough of them given the type of school it was ) , business owners or ceos and stuff , were egotistical , neurotic , fussy about who their children associated with , ironically less generous ( call your parents to pick you up because we want to have dinner now ) types . 
  they would n't want their kids to share lifts , they 'd often be much harder on them which would often lead to the kids having a much more sinister rebellious edge and generally being less nice . 
  often was as if having such a load of cash , being about to afford 3 sports cars , hire a live in nanny and holiday in san tropez had divided them from the ordinary folk to the point they did n't relate properly , and were more subject to their own wants and needs than just being nice regular folk , and often it rubbed off on the kids who became more superficial and interested in spending their parent 's cash , wearing designer clothes , getting a nice car at a stupidly young ages , than actually having good friends and good times . 
  cool video , ca n't stay i agree with his list of influential people though !, 
  he is quoting inglourious bastards ... 
  hurr durr , cos it 's so complicated right ? 
  it 's an irish thing too , i wonder if that 's how it spread to the north west, 
  yeah , german xd, 
  more like 2 quid and an extra 20p for the flake these days . 
  i mean the ice cream is made of vegetable oil ffs !, 
  what the fuck is there to understand . 
  # 1 s and pence is all there is to it . 
  100 pence in a pound . 
  there 's none of that stupid nickel , dime nonsense . 
  it 's just 1p ( or penny ) 2p 5p 10p 20p 50p . 
  5 pound note , 10 pound note , 20 pound note , 50 pound note . 
  that 's it officially , simple as fuck . 
  slang is a bit harder but not really . 
  tuppence ( 2 pence ) , quid ( or squid if you want to be theatrical ) , fiver , tenner , twenty ( or a score ) , fifty . 
  it 's fucking easy . 
  bloody colonists ca n't even use imperial properly ; /, 
  it 's meant to sound silly . 
  if something is twee it 's kind of sickly sweet in an artificial way and small and quaint . 
  it 's got a negative connotation . 
  if you 've seen/read harry potter then dolores umbridge is the definition of twee . 
  it 's more inefficient that just using pounds is n't it . 
  12 stone 4 , is better than saying 172 pounds . 
  it 's saying exactly the same thing as when you say 3 dollars 20 cent instead of 320 cent . 
  smaller numbers . 
  also if someone puts on a stone it 's generally noticeable to the naked eye , whilst if someone puts on 5 pounds only the person can tell . 
  therefore how many stones someone weights will give you a good estimation on how fat they are . 
  it means main street dummy !, 
  it 's exactly the same as why the most popular name for a road in the us is 2nd street , because 1st street gets called something to reflect its significance . 
  i would always say the same , however if i was reading a string of numbers i would n't say `` double nought '' or `` nought nought '' i 'd say `` double zero '', 
  it 's made up , from austin powers, 
  have you a source for that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure it 's suggesting the wicket is stuck to the stumps therefore making it very difficult to get the batsman out . 
  it does n't . 
  pissed means drunk , has about as much logic as shitfaced . 
  you do n't typically get shit on your face when drinking . 
  drug deal, 
  it 's used a lot more than in america that 's for sure . 
  it seems to have acquired some type of misogynistic tone in that end of the colonies . 
  australians use it more though . 
  in the uk it 's like saying fuck , you do n't say it to your grandma but you can say it with your mates . 
  however it 's not like australia where it 's often a term of endearment . 
  cunt here usually means something like `` fucking dickhead '' , as in `` my boss is a complete cunt '', 
  very pg swearing really . 
  imo a cracker is n't really a biscuit . 
  cracker = cracker , biscuit = cookie , cookie = the ones with choc chips or raisins in that come from the us . 
  we 're the normal ones , the us champion the weird and bizarre . 
  k i 'll let you off then . 
  [ a man whose allegiance , is ruled by expedience ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qej9hrzq7ro&amp;t=17s ), 
  is that the royal we ? 
  all royals are expected to speak decent french given that quebec is part of their dominion and quite a political hot potato . 
  they 'd do well to speak welsh too but i do n't think any of them do . 
  i 've heard prince charles speaking crappy german too . 
  william can speak french ok but is n't near fluency yet . 
  even less than one hundred years ago going to eton cost a puny amount to attend and board . 
  now i do n't even know how much it is but i 'm sure it exceeds # 25,000 per year . 
  city of culture is a bit of a charity award if you ask me . 
  i mean they gave it to liverpool too . 
  milking the beatles is hardly culture . 
  i believe to be a public school you must be a member of the headmasters ' conference , or rather an independent school that is a member of the headmaster 's conference since they allow grammar schools and leading state schools join as well , of which there are 243 independents . 
  wow , chill the fuck out , no need to be so confrontational . 
  you seem to have had a sarcasm bypass . 
  this is a bit rich , sure hallucinogens are useful intellectual tools that are wrongfully demonised and when used responsibly can provoke interesting thoughts , but that does n't mean they 'll make you a billionaire . 
  i 've see people who were taking shrooms all and every weekend become extremely weird people . 
  through all the jokes about stupid anti-vaccers , let 's take a moment to appreciate [ one of the greatest musical geniuses and performers of the 20th century . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ephjfnob8p8 ), 
  roaming be expensive mofo, 
  fuck this sounds so american , i share drinks with friends all the time . 
  regardless of the metric ( per capita , per car , or per 100k km driven ) us has twice as many fatalities as uk , australia , canada , sweden , switzerland and even spain ffs .
