  we 're not told the nationality of the other girls but i 'm pretty sure the fact she 's american is mentioned . 
  i 'd have to rewatch and check . 
  there 's also the fact that they 're immediately picked out for exploitation at the airport which no doubt has some grounding in their nationality . 
  true . 
  i may be wrong . 
  however all in the all the film has a totally unrealistic portrayal of europe . 
  liam neeson 's character really objects to his daughter 's going to europe with a strong sense of that it 's not merely because she 's travelling alone but because somehow europe is a dangerous place . 
  this is especially illustrated when he finds out she 's not merely going to france but also some other european countries , as if germany were more dangerous or something . 
  it 's just silly and unrealistic . 
  i believe the first one we see is actually a german . 
  ca n't remember the rest . 
  you must be joking it 's fucking everywhere . 
  it 's generally crappy chain restaurants turning out inauthentic toned down versions of burritos and fajitas that even 10 year olds will like . 
  you wo n't find really good stuff that often though , just like you wo n't find many good french/greek/turkish restaurants in america . 
  big cities can be an exception in both cases though . 
   ireland and scotland have more common sense, 
  where is he getting his information ? 
  pretty sure they use the bre spelling . 
  also australia and new zealand do n't exist apparently . 
  maths ' a bitch , and then you die !, 
  itt : commonwealth people mad at the word math & americans mad at the word maths . 
  play nicely guys, 
  so euphoric , unlike his so :(, 
  [ you guys ] ( http://www.neighboursepisodes.com/images7/4838c.jpg ), 
  you do n't talk about the original superior version ? 
  sucks to be you . 
  rather we can call the uk office the `` funny office '' and the us office the `` passable but less funny office '' . 
  how about that ? 
  cunt . 
  we 've already got the us trying to claim half of europe 's inventions and achievements as their own we do n't need it with tv programmes too thanks . 
  how does more popular = better . 
  it 's more popular because the american public is incapable understanding anything in another cultural context , and america is very populous . 
  the uk version was widely critically acclaimed . 
  most people outside the us think the us version is corny , mostly unfunny and unbelievable . 
  most us media is all quantity over quality . 
  typical fucking american , anything good you have to try and make about yourselves , and if you ca n't you just lie and bend reality to do so . 
  you 're the insecure one since you need appropriate other countries shit . 
  i bet the fact that it 's even necessary to prefix the us office with us just makes you mad . 
  does not share well with others might be a good summary of the american attitude to world culture . 
  american butthurt did n't begin til europeans arrived , and never ended since . 
  heard of the 7 years war ? 
  itt : legit butthurt over a 200 year old insult, 
  it 's shite , what passes for humour in the us is shocking . 
  i do n't know . 
  when reddit was new to me it seemed interesting . 
  now i feel like it 's groundhog day . 
  reposts . 
  similar threads . 
  predictable opinions . 
  i can more or less guess what the top and bottom posts will be before i click on the thread . 
  always seeing the same links and references . 
  the same political ideas supported . 
  circlejerks upon circlejerks . 
  i used to be more up for legit debate but the sheer infuriating experiences of trying to talk to some pigheaded fuck wits has robbed me of that . 
  i 'm sorry but there 's mexican food fucking everywhere . 
  bloody americans do n't open their eyes . 
  will it be good mexican food , well that 's a different question . 
  a turkish man would cut you for saying that . 
  gyro = greek , kebab = turkish . 
  ~ ~ alabama ~ ~ anywhere, 
  everyone except the english that is . 
  we hide in canada during that festivity . 
  i do n't get this . 
  they do n't specifically teach this in other countries either , you 're just meant to pick it up by exposure . 
  nobody ever covered that norway is an oil rich nation who rejected the eu with a love of fish and snus , or that finland 's language 's closest relative is hungarian defying all logic , or the capital of serbia is belgrade and they really love pizza . 
  it 's kinda stuff you pick by the time you 're mature . 
  germans are actually surprisingly fussy about water pressure , they probably have the best running water in the world . 
  you can drive 900 miles in the uk , that would have to be alaska . 
  irony is st. george was georgian . 
  ( not the american kind ), 
  tell her it 's because waiters in other countries get paid the same other people doing regular jobs . 
  it 's alrite , we all know norn ireland is a bit of a dump , but hey game of thrones !, 
  i was used to that in my old flat in the uk . 
  the building was over a 100 years old and the boiler system was n't much better . 
  most german accommodation is efficient as fuck though . 
  more like cultural failings haha !, 
  you do sound funny though :p, 
  in holland i feel positively at home !, 
  having been on our turf it was not her responsibility . 
  try going to america and asking for the petrol station . 
  sure they 'll tell you eventually but not after making a right old song and dance about it . 
  i actually know a john murphy from ireland , he married a british woman though so now he lives there . 
  could say similar things about americans on reddit . 
  although i 'm not stupid enough to let that sour my opinion of the entire populace . 
  amazing how americans ca n't see the pro-american circlejerk that 's all over reddit . 
  i mean , yes , reddit is slightly more `` liberal '' than the average american , and thus slightly more approving of certain facets of european culture , yet somehow from this they conclude that reddit must be an anti-american . 
  fuck i could look in virtually any thread on reddit and find pro-american bias . 
  in fact anything that 's posted that is n't american will have half it 's posted in some way themed around the fact it 's not american . 
  yes , because not everyone is born , therefore not everyone benefits from it . 
  naturally , what about all those people born in test tubes and incubated in labs . 
  were n't thinking of them were you ? 
  more like `` uwl '' peepuwl, 
  i was too young for this scene but i would always hit up `` raves '' in the early 00s , although calling them such was uncool by then , but seriously people of this generation actually fucked me off no end . 
  all them talk a great story about how much better it was back then , and look what we have now . 
  shitty drugs , good mdma / pills are rare as fuck these days . 
  half the people on heavily cut coke with a bunch of booze on top making them aggressive and egotistical . 
  rest of them on rubbish rcs often masquerading as pills / md. 
  maybe a few fuck heads crawling all over the floors on ketamine . 
  career criminals moved in all over this scene . 
  the drug quality declined massively , the friendly vibe disappeared entirely , the unglamourous nature of endless criminal dealings and irresponsible stimulant abuse soon became apparent .
