  i 'm sick the political mindset in the uk . 
  the old are happy to tell the young that we ca n't afford their university education , but threats to the nhs are met with out roar and rightly so , but they only cause that strength of reaction because it 's affecting every one , and the old especially , similarly they 'll vote us out of the eu because they 're inherently biased against anything that is n't what they 're used to from their poorly remembered idealised younger years , and accept job losses as a consequence , however tell them that we ca n't afford to give them their triple locked pensions and they 'll hit the roof . 
  the elderly have shown clearly that they vote purely along the lines of what they think is in their interest ( regardless of what the facts actually suggest ) , and it shows a selfish regard for the future of the country in favour of living out their final years being as much of a burden as possible and doing everything they can to stop the uk being anything but the uk of their youth . 
  i ca n't remember which village exactly but it was in anglesey . 
  went there as an excursion from where we were staying wales , wales can be weird enough as it is , i remember a lot of young chavs speaking welsh , walking into a chippy where the staff were speaking english and them switching to welsh after we ordered . 
  outside the cities wales is a funny enough place at the best of times , but anglesey was very much exaggerated . 
  wow , i hate how idiots like you always jump to conclusions in that regard . 
  while there are plenty of `` gifted '' kids who do have horrible parents that force their children to work harder than normal children just so they can boast and live vicariously through them , does n't mean you have to assume that about every gifted child . 
  also fyi perfect pitch is n't something you really learn , it 's something you either have or do n't have . 
  a 10 year old that 's never played an instrument in his life can be found to have perfect pitch , meanwhile a talented pianist can practise their instrument and study musical theory for 30 years and never have it . 
  in this case there 's no reason to think the kid 's been forced to do anything , do n't be such an arsehole . 
  hang on a second . 
  you 're misleading people here . 
  the pound going down in this case was definitely bad . 
  of course devaluing a currency is n't always a bad thing , but there are good ways to do it and bad ways . 
  what happened after brexit was definitely bad , it wiped purchasing power off people 's wages and salaries . 
  good devaluation should be related to economic growth , this way purchasing power adjusted gdp per capita should not decline even if nominal gdp per capita does . 
  as for the mediterranean countries , that 's a yet another type of devaluation that has both good and bad effects . 
  if you devalue your currency then you increase your competitiveness on the global market , attracting overseas investment and increase in exports . 
  it only serves these countries to do that though because they 're not competitive enough as is so lack the economic growth and productivity they need to get back on track . 
  germany on the other hand would n't want to devalue the euro right now because it is competitive , although typically germany does benefit from a lower currency value due to being a heavily export based economy . 
  what 's happened in the uk though is the start a recession that simply would n't exist if it were n't for the brexit vote . 
  since brexit because a real possibility , the market does n't have faith that the british economy is going to keep improving , it 's most likely going to slow down . 
  there are other things keeping the value of the currency up right now , just as the bank of england 's pledge to keep the capital flowing the banks and the possibility of cut interest rates . 
  i 'm pretty it 's a response to when someone says something you think is stupid and/or naive . 
  he 's probably talking shit , unless he 's suggesting that black wednesday and the foundation of the eurozone were somehow related . 
  nice to see the iron born having a kingsmoot . 
  in many ways germany does devalue its currency by mixing it with that of poorer economies , it works for it due to it being an export economy . 
  i do n't think anyone suggesting that the uk will suffer economic collapse , the question is , why bother putting yourself in a recession when the gains are minimal or non-existent . 
  bear in mind that language evolved a certain way just because of what society was like . 
  languages do not typically evolve towards a purpose of being easy for outsiders to pick up and learn . 
  one thing that gender does is allow you to avoid ambiguity . 
  an ambiguous sentence in english such as `` the cow kisses the dog , because it has brown hair '' would not be ambiguous in many gendered languages because the gender of the pronoun ( `` it '' in the english ) would mark which the brown hair belong to . 
  most gendered languages are hypothesised to have started with some kind of logic to the gender system , usually based either on the attributes of the thing that word represents , or some phonological feature of the word itself . 
  in fact a gendered system can emerge naturally simply from the instinctive way in which a community pairs sounds together , for example , the language evolves the tendency to end words whose penultimate sound is - j - l - n - p - b - t with an - o , and all other words with different penultimate sounds end with an - a ( and they could evolve the tendency to do this for no more of a reason than the reason english puts `` an '' before a vowel sound and `` a '' before a consonant sound ) , this could easily develop into a gender system . 
  then as the centuries pass , and the communities speaking this language spread out , different communities might start changing the rules , and preferring to end the words differently in different places , one group might start adding words with penultimate - g into the - o group , whereas others decide that - j and - l words sounds better with - a. 
  some may even start adding completely different rules , based on the shape of the objects the word represents or the sound the word starts with . 
  then later , when society evolves to become more integrated , the people start moving back towards a standardised system . 
  this standardised language does n't revert back the ancient phonetic rules though , but rather takes the most common and powerful dialects and compromises between whatever they consider the standard to be , and eventually you end up with a seemingly arbitrary set of rules about what gender a thing is meant to be . 
  as someone coming from a non-gendered language then you might find this really difficult to learn , but what you fail to realise is that the gender is as much part of the word to a native speaker of that language as the actual sounds and letter the word is made up of . 
  a fluent german speaker will no more say `` die hund '' ( `` hund '' is masculine so it should never be `` die hund '' ) , than you would say `` banano '' instead of `` banana '' . 
  ask yourself , why do n't you accidentally say `` banano '' instead of `` banana '' when you 're out shopping in the supermarket ? 
  i 'm sure `` banano '' just sounds incredibly silly to you , it would literally be impossible for you to forget how to say it . 
  well this is how speakers of gendered languages feel about the genders of their words . 
  `` die hund '' just sounds wrong to them on every level . 
  when you live in a community when everyone , from the children to the elderly , from the scholars to the village idiot , can remember that it 's `` der hund '' and not `` die hund '' , the needs of a few foreigners who speak non-gendered languages are inconsequential . 
  what 's also of note is that foreigners whose native languages are also gendered tend to have much less trouble picking up another gender system , so it 's really only speakers of languages with fewer or no genders that find it seemingly illogical and needlessly difficult . 
  similar things can be said of declension . 
  an english speaker would probably think it strange that some foreigners learning the language say things like `` he gave the ball to i '' , but what most english speakers fail to see is that the german or russian thinks it just as strange when you ca n't remember to change `` der hund '' into `` den hund '' when the sentence expresses that the dog is being acted upon rather than acting upon something else . 
  complicated gender systems and declensions are no problem when you 're a community that does n't constantly have to facilitate legions of language learners . 
  the only reason english ended up without one is because it was invaded so often by other countries , and those people probably spoke their native tongue amongst themselves , many of whom only bothering to learn enough to understand and be understood . 
  ultimately , the gender in these languages matters because that 's how the language works , not learning it would be like settling for 2nd rate english and saying things like `` they is going '' `` i be tired '' , and `` i want dance '' your whole life , sure you would be understood , but you will only really be communicating , not speaking the language as the majority people do . 
  english does have strict grammar . 
  you 're just not seeing it because you speak it fluently / natively . 
  furthermore , just because non-natives can abuse the grammar and be understood , does not mean that language is n't strict . 
  german has strict gender and declension , yet you can completely fuck up the gender and declension and still be understood due to context about 90 % of the time . 
  same goes for english , most of the time someone speaks broken english to me i can understand , occasionally , as actually happened to me , someone comes along and says `` where do you go ? 
  '' , i understood this to mean that he was asking me something like `` where should i go ? '', 
  i.e `` where does one go ? 
  '' , we were standing outside a train station show i directed him to the entrance thinking he wanted to catch a train . 
  in fact he was asking me where i was headed . 
  in reality , english syntax is very strict in comparison to many european languages , especially those that feature declension . 
  in german you have a much greater freedom with the order of words . 
  it 's always swings and roundabouts with languages , highly synthetic languages have perks that mean other things , that you might have to learn in english , do n't need to be bothered with , and vice versa . 
  actually , because of history reason that we need n't get into , berlin has a boat load of accommodation , it used to be full of whole blocks of flats that were completely empty . 
  it 's not quite like that any more of course , but it 's actually quite easy to find somewhere to live , and cheaply if you willing to compromise on the commute . 
  ah the dead weight of young educated professionals , i 'm quite sure germany wo n't be complaining about the burden . 
   you could leave for abroad , shrinking the labour market , increasing the wages here, 
  ah yes , because when companies suddenly have to start paying more for their staff they never compromise by hiring fewer people . 
  i 'm sure a labour shortage would just mean highly paid jobs for everyone . 
  germany is a top choice because it 's high developed , affluent , and functional , but still with enough people and big cities to be interesting . 
  sure , sweden might mean better pay but it 's freezing for half the year and there 's only a few million people in the whole country . 
  france may well be affluent enough , but it has the constant strikes , the bureaucratic complexities , nationalism and so forth . 
  italy and spain are nice but comparatively an economic downgrade . 
  2 years of speaking german and i bet that a native could speaker could find a bunch of grammatical errors : / not an easy language . 
  english already has most your cluster consonants , that 's one thing i 've never heard and english person complain about :p, 
  we could have waited until the eu did try to become a superstate before we shat the bed and flounced out the door . 
  i 'm pretty federalisation is n't something you can slip in the back door without the consent of the people . 
  people seem to fundamentally misunderstand how the eu evolved . 
  no country has to follow the eu law , it 's simply a condition of being in the club , the eu never really made uk law , the eu passed the uk a written copy of a law , and it then decided if it wanted to implement it or leave the union . 
  simple as that . 
  the governments remain sovereign . 
  likewise with the eu court , the british law lords could tell the eu courts to suck an egg when they tried to overturn a judgement of theirs , but it 's price you have to pay for membership . 
  it was a good system that worked well in the uk 's favour . 
  in fact the time the uk has been in the eu proper have been some of the best times for the country . 
  i think the eu will continue towards a more federalised state , and personally i see nothing inherently wrong with that . 
  the people elect their governments and the governments decide whether to go along with the eu . 
  joining a federation would most certainly have to involve referendums though . 
  no country could give away real sovereignty to another country without the consent of the people ( and i also imagine that if the eu does federalise it will have a democratic mechanism for succession built into its constitution ) . 
  if we had n't had shat the bed now , we 'd probably be having a far more sensible referendum in the future over whether to join the new eu state or simply retain the status quo . 
  if we 'd simply voted to stay out of the federalised eu bloc , then that would 've been far less harmful than forcing an exit to the eu as the leavers want now . 
  personally i do n't think an eu superstate is such a terrible thing , i 'm not sure i 'd be for joining it , but at the same time i 'm not irrational like so many people who compare it to a german fourth reich and so on . 
  i think the eu was a pretty amazing thing , a true confederation with power given willingly from the bottom up rather than the top down type of federation in russia or the us . 
   it 's not irrational to want to be able to keep enough distance to retain your culture and sovereignty . 
  it is when your sovereignty is n't being taken . 
   this notion that all borders and divisions need to be removed in order to be unified is only appealing if you want total control . 
  no that 's untrue , working together as a larger community has loads of benefits , especially for the economy . 
   if you 're actually interested in a diverse and tolerant community of nations then there should n't be any conflict of interest with letting those nations retain who they are . 
  hang on a second , we did belong to a diverse and tolerant community , and there was n't any conflict of interest in letting between it and letting us retain who we are . 
   there are huge amounts of people who see their country disappear day by day,
