  they starved to death as thousands of english , scottish and welsh poor people had before them when rich landowners prioritised wealth over the lives of their landfolk.the only difference is this time it affected a people with a nationalistic identity which has led to the demonisation of those responsible as out-groupers . 
  no , irish people starved to death because they had n't any food nor any money to buy food . 
  what are you even saying ? 
  that had they seen them as equals they would 've provided aid packages and subsidised their existence , i 'm sorry but that was n't the way of doing things anywhere in the world during at era . 
  have n't you heard of divine providence , in those days it was universally held that if someone was in a shitty situation they were necessarily a bad person because god . 
  fyi the class system was n't a british thing either , the fact that the rich get to to eat whilst the poor get to starve was true everywhere in the world at the time . 
  your blaming the british for your historical woes is vile deluded bullshit . 
  it was n't the british imposing their values . 
  it was human beings acting as all other human beings on the planet acted at the time ... selfishly , without any feelings of remorse provided they believed they were behaving by god 's rules . 
  there are examples of the crown trying to subjugate the irish , the black and tans for example , but contriving a famine during a period of worldwide pursuit of self interest with little regard for your fellow man into an english plot of subjugate ireland is complete and utter deluded historical revisionism . 
  even during the famine wealthy dubliners ate better than the poor on the streets of london , and those dubliners were irish through and through . 
  seriously fuck off with your bullshit . 
  nobody is denying heinous acts were n't commited , but to blame them on the english is utter bullshit . 
  wow telling me to kill myself already , you must be a lovely well rounded chap irl , surely you have a family who loves you and are valuable to society rather than a sweaty waste of space that likes to encourage suicide online . 
  no your family did n't have a pot to piss in because they were peasants , like most peoples ' families , tough break but nothing to do with where they were born . 
  i wish the british working classes whose relatives starved had a nationalistic identity narrative to rally around therefore alleviating any blame on themselves and a way of condemning anyone who acted in an exploitative fashion as a foreigner . 
  as for `` free market '' you seem to be taking the word with its modern connotations , let me substitute it for realpolitik , i 'm sorry but your family , in a world ruled solely by realpolitik , did n't make the grade . 
  you family were n't prevented from buying what produce ireland had during the famine by the british , they simply did n't have the currency required to do so . 
  no one from england wilfully outbid your ancestors in order to ensure their starvation . 
  let 's lay out what really happened . 
  a potato disease caused all the potato crops in ireland to fail . 
  this meant that rather than an excess of food there was a shortage . 
  the local irish people who owned the food , thinking of their wealth , sold the food to the highest bidders - people who happened not to be living in ireland . 
  consequently irish people died from a lack of food . 
  the army of the nation wherein that food was grown provided protection to the local people exporting that food lest it be stolen , theft being a crime and whatnot . 
  from this we have the narrative that the authority at the time deliberately starved the people who had n't any food , really good logic right there ... 
  sure you can say the people were cunts for not doing anything for these poor people and letting them starve to death , but at the time , due to scarcity , every cunt was looking out for themselves ... not the populace as a whole . 
  if they were cunts for doing that then everyone at the time was a cunt , they probably were , but it 's not realistic to portray it as some great evil done by some malicious power . 
  the english did some shitty things in ireland but `` causing a famine '' was not one of them , nor were the shitty things done in ireland particularly special compared to how the lower end of the social scale were treated within england , or how the people within other nations were treated by political powers in history . 
  all you can basically say is that the morality of the time was fucked up and almost everyone of the time treated each other like shit , which is true , but no reason to bring it into a modern political context unless you have some agenda this perversion of truth will serve . 
  thanks for calling me a bigot , i 'm actually quite a left wing individual , i just cba with bullshit revisionist historical narratives that treat the past as if it were today and should be held by modern ethical standards , as if simply acting by the engrained morality of the time and failing to prevent what we understand now as injustice were some heinous act . 
  i 'm still waiting for this alleged quote ? 
  could it be you fabricated it out your arse ? 
  he was n't out of control he was simply driving on the british side of the road , it was n't a fuck up ... honest ... 
  she says `` british carbonara '' ... aka cheese sauce ( cheese + milk ) on pasta with bits of processed ham chopped up and sprinkled on top . 
  he 's probably insulted that she even brought up what many british people call `` carbonara '' when they make it at home . 
  english-scottish-welsh ... oh shit :( bloody union . 
  really ? 
  i also live in germany ( south germany mind ) but was raised in the uk , found german friendlyness about on par with the uk . 
  people are generally happy to keep themselves to themselves but if you strike up a conversation at an appropriate moment then they open up . 
  americans on the other hand are hard work because you do n't know if they really like you or at just saying stuff to `` be friendly '' without any intention being friends with you . 
  large segments of the north used to be rhotic speakers ( pronounce the the letter - r even when it 's not followed by another sound ) , now pretty much only blackburn is left . 
  you can legitimately think that because it 's fucking true . 
  huge numbers of australian colonists were poor londoners therefore the australian accent has tonnes in common phonetically with cockney . 
  many foreigners struggle to know the difference between south east english and australian . 
  they both have long - a 's in words like path and grass and similar rhythm . 
   anthony burgess writes that `` australian english may be thought of as a kind of fossilised cockney of the dickensian era '' . 
  most american accents ( excluding the east coast ) have more in common with the south west of england and with irish accents than cockney or australian . 
  this is because the south west dialect has been isolated and has n't changed a great deal since colonial days . 
  if you wanted to hear what the founding fathers sounded like you should probably listen to this accent . 
  in the uk today it is accent associated with farmers . 
  [ peter sellers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=klsvh6qrpew&amp;t=69s ) does a fine example . 
  however east coast accents were more influenced by later victorian english of the aristocracy , [ just listen to these guys ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mfr4dlxypcw&amp;t=20s ) they could almost pass for british . 
  truth is americans are just culturally bad with accents , most british people have no problem with accents unless they are very old in which case they struggle due to never having to try to understand dialects in their lives except perhaps their own local ones , and most americans seem to be similar insofar as they have n't learnt to deal with accents very well in their lives . 
  it 's absolutely true that there 's no such category as `` british accents '' since the variation across the british isles in often wider than the variation between other english speaking nations . 
  someone from the south east , for example russell brand , has way more in common with an australian , and someone from northern ireland , for example liam neeson has way more in common with an american , than either have with each other . 
  they finally figured out that england has low class people too and their minds were so blown they dedicated a whole subreddit to it . 
  hmm in my experience they think they have american accents but in fact have bloody strong german accents to the point you could n't even tell if they were imitating brits or yanks . 
  this guy could have a good career as a variety act , wonder what he does for a living ... 
  the diversity causes so many challenges to universal healthcare . 
  for example all the different types of pizza mean that people have a very varied diet . 
  for example if you live in a deep crust state then you 'll probably have a heart attack due to high cholesterol in all the cheese , while if you 're in a meat feast area then bowel cancer is more prominent due to all the low quality processed red meat in your diet . 
  it 's very hard for the medical profession to keep track of all the diversity even within states , so naturally it would be impossible for the us to have nationwide health care . 
  [ yes ] ( http://www.nhs.uk/livewell/goodfood/pages/red-meat.aspx ), 
  that article mentions processed meat , i 'm afraid you 'll have to ask someone more knowledgeable . 
  i think you mean the empire peaked after they god rid of those useless colonies . 
  british hegemony did n't end til the end of the 19th century . 
  enjoy being culturally controlled by our retarded obese offspring instead, 
  to be fair i said culturally , the uk does have a culture going back to 1066 fyi, 
  yeah i have to agree this is one of the most difficult problems with the nhs and a source of great worry for many people . 
  like you said , if your in a seriously bad way ( e.g vomiting blood or something ) , or if you have something obvious ( e.g a broken arm or something ) , they are fantastic . 
  they 'll have you whipped into surgery or whatever needs doing at a good speed and the system just sort of pushes you along . 
  i 'd also hdd that if you have minor complaint that is common and well understood they are also pretty good since the gp system handles that stuff well . 
  the real problem is when you have a relatively rare perhaps not so well understood chronic illness like this . 
  especially if you 're young and outwardly healthy . 
  i had chronic chondrititus when i was 18 and it was a nightmare getting it diagnosed and treated , naturally it was n't recognised as such for an age and i was shunted around a few specialists for `` chest pains '' whilst months passed as a non-priority patient . 
  i 'll also add that no doctor wanted to say yes or no regarding what it was in case the `` chest pains '' turned out to be a heart condition or something so they just kept passing me on to the next consultant , often with weeks between appointments . 
  the worst thing is that people are rewarded for being drama queens , and now you have a minority of people who 've figured this out and feign the severity of their illness to get faster treatment . 
  this in turn puts doctors into a suspicious mentality trying to figure out who is really in need and who is just a borderline hypochondriac / drama queen . 
  this in turn punishes people who are modest and reserved enough to not exaggerate when there are people with genuinely life threatening illnesses in need of treatment requiring nhs . 
  when there 's no easy option to remedy the problem you 're most likely to be fobbed off numerous times by doctors who do n't see you as a priority and they 'll say things like dan was expressing , telling you that these problems usually fix themselves with time and to go away for a few weeks and come back if it 's still a problem , all the while your quality of life is significantly reduced , the exact opposite of what the private system does who 'd probably send you for 20 different tests sometimes unnecessarily just to push up profit margins . 
  all this stems from the fact that no doctor wants to have an usually high level of referrals lest they look like the doctor who wastes the system 's resources . 
  the one thing a more privatised system is stronger at is helping you with these complaints , since in this system they are not required to triage or think about resources . 
  as long as your insurance covers it they 'll put you in for everything including quickly sending you to a top tier specialist relatively quickly . 
  sadly to get the most out of the nhs in a situation like this you really have to play the system a bit , be demanding and do n't allow the doctors to fob you off , find out what levels of specialist or testing it 's likely you need to be referred to and then refuse to stop annoying them with return visits until giving you what you want seems easier to them than the impact the referral will have on their quotas . 
  you have to really make it clear how much your illness is making you unhappy otherwise nothing will get done . 
  it 's a shitty system that wastes your time by making you jump through hoops ( repeat appointments , constantly going between your gp and the hospital ) until you even have access to the treatment you need , and it totally goes against the traditional british values or stiff upper lip and not making a song and dance about things , but that 's just the way it is . 
  otherwise the nhs is great and i 'm glad we have it , this is just one thing it does badly because it 's set up in such a way it does n't cater for the entire spectrum of medical needs , it basically just covers minor stuff at the gp level , serious stuff and immediate stuff at the hospital level , and preventative stuff stuff like wellbeing centres . 
  it completely falls on its face when you do n't fit into any of those categories such as when you have chronic pain that is n't life threatening but is well beyond the powers of a gp to deal with . 
  that is true , but frankly it 's a massive failure in the system if you ask me . 
  everyone suffering from a difficult to treat and diagnose chronic illness deserves to have all the possible options explored . 
  if the only options are too drastic then doctors should be honest about it instead of saying it 'll get better when their guess is no better than anyone 's really in this matter . 
  even worse when doctors start to assume problems are psychosomatic because they ca n't open a book , run a few tests and find an immediate course of action . 
  more really needs to be done to help people in these situations . 
  i mean seriously the whole philosophy is wrong , it 's mostly reactive rather than proactive . 
  people like dan deserve to be seeing the top specialists who have the greatest chance to actually figure something out from their apparent untreatable uncategorised problems . 
  instead they are often met with distrust and shrugs because the complaint does n't fit nicely into a category of known treatable illnesses with a tried and tested course of action to follow . 
  i mean seriously what is better , fobbing people off because the probability of them being `` cured '' is low , or giving them the security of knowing that someone completely specialised in their field is doing everything in their power to do something to sort them out . 
  if there 's one place the nhs is awful it 's here , the private system would allow dan to have way more options and keep trying different things until he found what worked for him provided his insurance covered it . 
  however the nhs just does n't want to know since the problem is n't life threatening , the problems it causes are mostly inside the head of the patient , it will cost a lot to have him indefinitely seeing specialists , there 's always a chance the problem with resolve itself , and even if a specialist did resolve the problem there would n't be much reward for the nhs since there 's nothing to show for it .
