  people do n't seem to be getting the pure thing . 
  maybe a better question is does pure rhyme with shore or not ? 
  if it were a homophone with dolly in your accent it would rhyme with holly . 
  oh i 'm sure there 's some accent somewhere that could manage it . 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` lol '' ), 
  better than having a typical asshole 's attitude . 
  what ? 
  you 're the measly little moron who thinks he can make sweeping generalisations about the attitude of the entire british nation . 
  seriously go play on the traffic lights you neck bearded philistine prick . 
  where have i ? 
  by having a tenuous theory about comedy ? 
  your idiocy is glaringly obvious . 
  fight on keyboard warrior leswede420 . 
  your post history ... long boring posts about ww2 and whinging and arguing about reddit 's anti-us sentiment , seeing european nationalism in the tiniest minutia . 
  i think you 're the one who should seek help you bore . 
  oh yeah it 's so ignorant to have a completely value neutral theory about the cultural differences between british and american humour . 
  how ever will i live with myself , i surely must be a tattooed flag waving nationalist . 
  stephen fry that cambridge educated gay rights supporting social commentator , what an ignorant bastard of the highest order . 
  clearly everyone agrees with the great leswede420 , in his infinite neck bearded wisdom , sitting behind the computer setting the world to rights , showing us how in fact europe is the most ignorant place in the world and how stephen fry is an complete ignoramus . 
  oh actually they do n't , which makes you a pathetic idiot spreading his badly thought out ideas over reddit in a basement somewhere . 
  sort your life out chap . 
  clearly my world where having theories about the culture of comedy is acceptable , and stephen fry is generally a decent enough chap is an unrealistic pop psychology projection , instead i should be making comments about the british education system being highly nationalistic on no basis whatsoever , then asking people for citations whenever they express an opinion i disagree with , then suggesting people kill themselves . 
  seriously chap , i wish you no real ill will , but sort your life out you 're a fountain of anger and bullshit . 
  i 'd definitely go for somewhere near london , for your budget you wo n't get anywhere central , you 'll struggle to even get near a tube station . 
  but for 850 pcm you 'll probably be able to afford somewhere out a bit near an overland though which is probably your best option . 
  i 've lived in both manchester and london ( and birmingham too ! ), 
  and they 've all got their pros and cons , but for me nothing beats london for the atmosphere and lifestyle , manchester is n't a bad place to live mind you , although if you ask me the place gets over sold a tad . 
  i 'll weight up from pros and cons for you to think about . 
  manchester -, 
  far more accommodation for your money, 
  more central location at a reasonable price, 
  shorter commute if you 're working in the city, 
  if you change your mind and want a car this is very doable, 
  cons :, 
  employment prospect do n't compare to the london area, 
  lower wage average compared to london ( although this is totally mitigated by cost of living ), 
  one of the more rainy areas of the uk, 
  london, 
  you get to live in the most happening place in the uk , everything new happens here first . 
  more public transport due to the vast population, 
  generally best career prospects in the uk, 
  more money regardless of what you 're doing ( although you 'll still be poorer ), 
  people everywhere, 
  cons :, 
  longer and nightmarish commute, 
  highest cost of living in the uk, 
  small accommodation at a high cost, 
  if you decide you want a car you ca n't because it 's a waste of money, 
  people everywhere, 
  on the face of it to be honest it looks like you 'd be a mad to live in the london , but really it 's one of those things you either love or hate . 
  manchester 's good and all but to me it 's still just a regular british city whilst london has that bit extra even though you pay for it in every way imaginable . 
  what clinches it for me is living in london it feels like you have something in common with others insofar as you 're all sharing in the madness that is london life regardless of your origins or background , you wo n't find that vibe so easily in any other uk city . 
  you can come to london from anywhere and immediately you 're part of it since so few people are actually `` local '' , in other cities it helps far more to be a mancunian or a brummie or whatever since such a greater share of people are locals themselves . 
  i 'm sure lots of people are going to strongly disagree with this , because what london offers is very much intangible and the benefits of other cities can be calculated quite rationally , but this is just my personal opinion . 
  what are you looking for op ? 
  are you the type of person that just wants a comfortable life ? 
  or will you suffer increased poverty , inconvenience and suffering just to be close to the centre of the action ? 
  i think age is definitely a factor too , what do you want out of your life right now ? 
  for me nothing beats the london vibe , sitting in cramped pub gardens soon as the suns out with the chatter of dozens of accents and languages around you , but for others it 's not a price worth paying . 
  overland is a an overland train , that 's the by far the easiest way to commute into the city asides being on a tube line . 
  that said virtually anywhere you 'll find regular buses going where you want to be . 
  if you 're commuting daily you 'll want a season pass , the cost of this varies and i 'm not actually up to date on the current prices since i 'm not in london any more . 
  transport is more expensive in london and commuting wo n't be cheap , depending on where you want to go i 'm guessing it will be between 100-200 pounds per month for unlimited transport . 
  you 'll have to figure that out when you know precisely where you 'll be commuting to and from . 
  that said , whatever you pay in london you 'd probably still end up paying at least 1/2 that for a season pass in any major british city , so there 's no getting round it . 
  personally i think being the age you are , and looking for the experience and coming from canada you should try and make london work if you can . 
  you 'll probably find you slide right in and nobody will bat an eyelid wherever in the world you 're from . 
  cheers very much !, 
  an anal rapist if ever there were one . 
  luigi truly has the eyes of a killer :o, 
  this is a call to arms , the bells of war are tolling ... 
  [ adwd ] ( #b `` oh how little does he know '' ), 
  ... or merely strolling ? 
  you can easily live on this in brighton or birmingham , piece of pie . 
  rent will be more in brighton . 
  if i was going back to brum i 'd definitely want to live in moseley village since it 's one of the more fun places outside the city centre to live . 
  all aboard the gold train !, 
  tomatoes tomatoes , and to be fair the overground is a specific set of train lines operated by transport for london when i was referring to any regular ( non-tube ) train line available . 
  we do n't know where or how far out op 's going to end up . 
  for example i have a friend in dulwich who has mates on the chiltern line that can commute to the west end faster than he can . 
  you mean it likes to pretend it does but it does n't . 
  honestly it 's a very america idea that if you want change you need to fire everyone and hire new staff . 
  simply change the rules and do a bit of retraining . 
  i do n't think it 's a matter of `` unhealthy '' food either , kids still prefer better quality food . 
  it 's relatively easy when employees are just following processes though , such as food production . 
  change the equipment , the ingredients and the steps to be followed and it 's not like employees and do anything about it . 
  countries where firing is much more difficult just get used to this type of adaptation . 
  while people say they 'd play hilarious pranks and molest people , what good is that going to do you when it wears off ? 
  let 's face it unless you 're already loaded we 're going straight to a busy commercial centre and filling bags and bags with cash to hide under out mattresses . 
  the complete stop rule just seems dumb an arbitrary to me . 
  what difference does it make if you 're moving at 0 mph or 2 mph . 
  as long as you adequately give way to oncoming traffic who cares . 
  feels a bit patronising and seems like a way to make lots of tickets for people who more that likely were n't driving dangerously and merely saving a gear change . 
  that 's only because you 're a fucking moron though with no clue about anywhere outside of your own back garden . 
  european gangs would see us gangs as bunch of pampered wanabes , excluding maybe the actual south americans cartels since most of them are immigrants from countries where whole families just disappear , get chopped into little pieces and the police do n't even lift a finger . 
  what you have are mostly 1st world gangsters more interested in looking tough and ostentatious fashion than anything else . 
  yes , because murder and crime is clearly more real when you 're some baggy clothed clown doing drive bys in a low rider . 
  i think you 're actually mentally retarded if you think england is like that . 
  might as well say everyone in the us is like fraiser and lives in manhattan apartments . 
  pretty sure most the us raised hispanic and black gangs would shit their pants in the face of properly organised eastern european / russian mafias , guys who control the heroin supply from the middle east to the entire world .
