  i 'm just messing with you . 
  realistically if you want an acting career london is your best bet . 
  it 's pretty much a contradiction in terms saying i want to be an actor and stay away from london . 
  naturally there 's plenty of theatres outside of london , but finding regular work will be hard enough in london , and if you actually get a job on the stage it 'll probably require you to travel around the country week in week out anyway . 
  you could always go somewhere like northampton where you can get to london in an hour , you 've chosen a hard path though i 'm afraid . 
  omg , something is done differently from how it 's done in america . 
  it 's so weird and wrong . 
  i literally can not conceive of how anyone could do anything different to how we do it , it 's just perverse . 
  putting syrup on bacon , that 's so normal , how could anyone not do that . 
  how could anyone live without 1litre sodas and corn syrup ? 
  are they barbarians ? 
  these things challenge my world view of america being the world standard for everything and it hurts me inside . 
  surely this 200 year old new world country is the complete standard for everything ?? 
  average is # 499 a month for one bedroom apparently . 
  i 'm afraid that 's not pricey , that 's pretty standard for most of the uk not including london . 
  i rent my tiny studio for # 450 a month without any bills included , it 's in a pretty average town a good hour and 15 min from london . 
  the pay is definitely no better than average there either . 
  you might find cheaper rent in the north of england , but even there if you want something conveniently located near a big city it 'll probably be the same . 
  then again in london you 're looking at # 700 a month for a room in a shared flat . 
  with difficulty i 'm afraid . 
  i 've just moved to a new country myself ( germany ) and i would recommend it without having a few months rent + living costs saved in advance . 
  employers are going to overlook you if you 're simply promising that you 'll arrive sometime soon . 
  i think you 're getting downvoted for come across as an arse , not because people actually think manchester is somehow more interesting than new york . 
  you 're doing that annoying insecure american in europe thing of needing to make comparisons between everything , delineating what there is in america and what there is wherever you 've travelled to , and you also come across as a bit thick for not knowing that you were moving from one of the world 's biggest cities to a relatively small city in northern england . 
  you top it off with `` it 's not fair '' , as if you were some being gracious and kind by not whipping out your heinously bad taste and unsubtle comparison ruler . 
  i would go from london to rome and start making comparisons , i 'd understand that they were no comparable unique places with unique things to offer , perhaps you should too . 
  what is become of me ? 
  munich , i mostly like how civilised it is compared to most of england . 
  there 's very little crime and no sense of endangerment wherever you go . 
  everyone just seems to be getting on with stuff without interfering in anyone else 's business . 
  city centre at 1am on a friday night is n't even threatening . 
  public transport is so much easier to use , tubes run until almost 3am everyday and are incredibly cheap if you buy a pass , coming once every 5 minutes . 
  restaurants are cheapers and better on the whole , much more laid back about things like eating outside or taking your drink into the street rather than restricted with regulations and by-laws that actually spoil the mood a fair bit . 
  beer is cheaper too and available everywhere you go even mcdonalds if you want it ( although overpriced and crap ) . 
  stupid thing is there 's no reason why the uk could n't be like this , but we have a culture of treating people like children . 
  if mcdonalds sold beer i 'm sure people would assume it would become an even greater hub of anti-social behaviour than it is . 
  restaurants ca n't use public space because we assume they 'd take the piss and restrict the public highway . 
  we also have class warfare , public transport workers are n't interested in working any harder because they 're not paid enough and management is only interested in cutting costs , here they still believe that if you pay people fairly and incentivise them well they 'll work in return , which they mostly do . 
  all in all it 's just nicer to live here . 
  going out i feel way more relaxed , even in my relatively middle class warwickshire town i had to put up with aggressive chavs , heroin addicted tramps begging me for 50p , screaming mums with push chairs every time i went outside ( i lived near the town centre ) . 
  it 's so nice to be away from all that . 
  what a douche, 
  east anglia is england 's mid west . 
  they do n't even build motorways there, 
  weird , where was that . 
  it 's usually either free or non-existent, 
  indeed . 
  nothing more satisfying than some free market cowboy getting on his nationalistic regulatory high horse because their allegedly `` american '' companies are getting a better deal elsewhere ... because err . . free market . 
  then again it 's surely obama 's fault . 
  fail of a title , delete this and resubmit imo , it deserves better, 
  we all know [ he has good muscle tone and is n't gay ... woof ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=he6a-km9ibc ), 
  america in action . 
  get on their high horse over a nipslip , really what is so obscene about a boob anyway . 
  not showing r rated films in primetime in kids see it is retarded , get a watershed and be done with any disputes . 
  if you think this is brutal . 
  there 's a very controversial episode of utopia that [ starts with a school shooting that got a lot of press attention and ruffled a lot of feathers ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=47tfa5t_d_o ), 
  urgh , you are the reason awful remakes of our best programmes get made ... 
  yes , as a nation you are collectively too stupid to wield arms . 
  although your critique is bullshit imo , it 's not a good film either . 
  very dated and clich\u00e9d , does n't actually explore anything interesting . 
  i love that this is what you actually think, 
  as a small child i was also pronouncing his name that way , this was of course when sean bean was renown for playing sharpe in the uk television series and before any yankees had even heard of him . 
  i also love how you do n't understand sarcasm , it brings me great pleasure . 
  ca n't confirm , shut phone, 
  son you are broken , after all i raised you, 
  do you mean a scot ? 
  unless you are specifically referring to the clan ? 
  also aids , not modern aids either , 80s aids, 
  do n't worry , you all sound like whiny nasally women to us , the feelings mutual, 
  pretty much bullshit . 
  the us has had the most cultural influence for a very short period of time . 
  the impact of the british empire however was far greater and wider . 
  english is n't spoken as a lingua franca because of america , but because the empire spread it through the world , resulting in many countries using english as their primary language . 
  people seem to endlessly underestimate the fact that the uk , ireland , australia , new zealand , canada , south africa , nigeria and india all speak english as well , and america 's cultural hegemony is really just a flash in the pan post-ww2 . 
  honestly that 's bullshit . 
  far more business goes on not involving america than with it . 
  the reason english was there as a lingua franca was because of british colonialism . 
  i do n't deny america 's economic success in the last 80 years has n't been a factor in making english more popular , but there 's a good reason why people in singapore do business with people in malaysia in english and it 's nothing to do with america being a large economy . 
  the point is ultimately that america did n't make english the lingua franca , they really just supported the trend a bit in the latter half of the 20th century . 
  serious people like yourself need to go back to school , starting with the basics of critical thinking so you might have the slightest chance of forming a thought that is n't entirely based in absurd delirious notions and stupidity . 
  dear god , reading this makes me long for the re-militarisation of europe in some type of america crushing glorious viertes reich, 
  what a load of shite, 
  honestly how many of those people succeed learning japanese or mandarin who are purely learning because they like the idea economically . 
  do n't you understand ? 
  all english people are devious , overly-intellectual , effeminate , manipulative deviants who care only for hierachy , war and taxes . 
  they say things like `` let them eat cake '' and feel entitled to lands that are n't theirs in the name of `` queen and country '' . 
  scottish and irish people however are hilarious , drunken , happy-go-lucky , plain speaking peoples with hearts of gold . 
  they care not for conquest and just want their plot of land and their beloved sweetheart nearby , without a single violent urge in their bodies . 
  we know this as a fact because america embodies all these non-english virtues , and lots of the immigrants to the united states were of scottish and irish descent , so how else are we to explain our natural moral superiority over the british without late 19th century concepts of european racial genealogy ? 
  ( fyi i 'm 7/29th 's irish on my mother 's side ) obviously it 's all the scottish and irish blood diluting the english stuff that makes the usa such a plain speaking , hard working , moral nation ... after all we invented democracy right ? 
  because that 's its actual name ... like how you assume it 's their ignorance of english when in fact it 's yours . 
  nope , canola means something else - means canada oil and it refers to the oil from specific strains of rapeseed . 
  bit strong really, 
  clearly being head of the first modern democracy excludes him from that knowledge . 
  naturally capitalism driven lobby happy american democracy is the only true form . 
  dumbass, 
  let 's find the most goose like duck to make our song ... that 's not a duck , [ this is a duck ] ( http://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/a/a1/mallard2.jpg ), 
  your amazing empire based on soft drinks and light media that lasted a grand 60 years . 
  such romans here . 
  seriously get the fuck out .
