  what happened to doing a job adequately and on time and deserving a fair wage capable of sustaining yourself with an adequate lifestyle . 
  he 's right when he says there 's no place for ordinariness in today 's economy , even if you 're not the shit you better damn well pretend like you are . 
  fact is that both the lower and middle class has lost it 's economic power . 
  most middle class wealth is in housing that ageing boomers are clinging onto until they choke . 
  i know people who do n't have a penny who stand to inherit one million pounds houses when their parents eventually kick the bucket . 
  although that might not be for another 20-30 years given how long people are living , and that 's not including stuff like care bills in fancy retirement home . 
  we are not able to readily amass wealth any more , even on a decent salary of # 45k a year you 're never going to buy a house comparable to what your parents attained on salaries that paid relatively less than at the time . 
  my problem with this guy though is that he seems a bit self-defeating and unstable . 
  you can see this in the way he talks about women . 
  are women more materialistic now than they were in the past ? 
  well i think not . 
  seems to me that we go back not too far , just to our grandparent 's generation , material wealth was n't just a factor in relationships , it was virtually the only factor . 
  now , was grandfather able to achieve what would 've been considered by grandma to be an acceptable level of affluence more readily than you would be able to today ? 
  probably , but it 's no excuse really , there was nothing preventing you from getting laid when you were younger and there 's still nothing now . 
  i think this exposes a inner trait of instability here , if you just project fault onto the world and never face some element of personal responsibility then you wo n't have any success even in the best of economies . 
  almost anyone can get laid and i 'm not talking becoming some smooth pua wanker , i just mean if some clueless average looking bloke perseveres he 'll eventually get laid . 
  sure they wo n't be getting tonnes of attention or regular hook ups , but they 'll get some action sometime even if it 's once in a blue moon . 
  if someone remains a virgin into their 30s it 's indicative of an underlying problem . 
  for example they might be too unattractive ( e.g massively obese , disfigured in some way ) , they might have some mental disorder affecting their ability to socialise , although most of the time it 's because they 're sexually repressed or have a confidence problem . 
  sadly i do n't think things are going to get easier because of the way technology and globalisation is affecting capitalism it 's going to take some serious change before anything improves . 
  when our parents and grandparents were young progress was working for the worker because it will still inextricably interlinked with their labour , however today progress is working against the worker by devaluing his labour . 
  we 're going to have to realise that when an economy begins to cut out people from it 's workings it no longer functions as an economy should . 
  it is no longer true that increased efficiency in production of goods and services equates to greater wealth in businesses leading to workforce expansion , greater demand for labour and therefore an increase in pay for workers . 
  now it 's more like increased efficiency in production of goods and services equates to greater wealth in businesses which leads to more efficient streamlining leading to ever decreasing total worker payout relative to production . 
  this is why it 's so killer when the economy stops expanding , we need that expansion to fool ourselves that the labour market is n't collapsing , but it will never and can never be enough to plug the leak . 
  at some point in the last 40 years we 've tipped a point where now technological progress in the economy will not increase the median pay rate sufficiently that we 'll see real improvement in society . 
  we we see now is indicative of that , an increasingly polarity between rare market skills ( and do n't forget it 's nothing to do with how much real skill a job takes , you could have the toughest job in the world but if there 's an excess of people with your skill set able to do the job adequately then it 's never going to pay well ) , and ordinary people . 
  we also see the only alternative to having rare market skills is underpaid go nowhere work that pays minimum wage . 
  simply put if you 're not a desirable asset because of some intellectual skill you 've acquired then you 're an easily disposable sack of spuds whose job could probably be done by a machine , it 's probably only tax breaks that make keeping you around worth it at all . 
  and of course the skills that are rare and valuable are always disappearing as technology is able to take on more and more difficult tasks which only increase the competition for the few that are still rare , which only increases the rate that such rare skills become common and devalued . 
  we keep telling ourselves the solution is to acquire skills , in the future we 'll all have to be programmers and engineers , but all it does is devalue those jobs until they 're ordinary i mean for fuck 's sake we now have an excess of lawyers , it just sounds ridiculous , a law degree might as well be written on toilet paper these days because if you 're lucky you 'll end up working as a legal secretary or paralegal for years , that or stacking shelves . 
   you 're ~ ~ idiots ~ ~ satan . 
  that sounds a little naive . 
  public transport in the uk is not cheap at all , it 's also not so good to make that an option for many people . 
  for example i grew up about 110 miles from london . 
  now if you want to get there you have a number of options . 
  drive ? 
  well the think is 110 miles is n't that far , at 4am on a sunday morning i 've done that drive in less than an hour and a half . 
  however if you tried that on monday morning start at say 6am you 'd be lucky to be in central london before 9am , same thing in the evening you 'd be getting home around at 8.30 pm if you left the office at 5.30 pm sharp . 
  so your only other option is to take the train . 
  there are three connections to london near me , one takes a bit over an hour and the others take a bit under 2 hours . 
  you 're looking at something like # 9,000 a year if you take one of the slow ones , i do n't even know what the commute would cost one the express train . 
  yet people still do this despite there being plenty of other decent sized cities nearby , that 's how much the economy of london dominates the country . 
  where i live is n't even that far from london compared to most of the uk . 
  there are places in the uk farther away from a decent economic hub with over 500k people than i am from london , with nothing like the transport connections the capital has . 
  for some people lack of economic opportunity is a real problem in the uk , you 're literally too poor to move where the opportunity is greater and commuting is too expensive or impractical . 
  moving to london is difficult for everyone , the only option seems to be endless commuting for job interviews and then sharing a house with 10 random people in a dilapidated house and paying through the nose for the privilege . 
  starting out your salary is only going to be a few thousand higher in london anyway , and that does n't compensate for the higher cost of living . 
  that thread was written by a troll if you ask me . 
  it sounds like a parody of both the red pill and shitstatistssay simultaneously . 
  i mean a right wing , misogynist with small man syndrome who thinks socialist politics is a conspiracy to prevent small guys getting laid , it 's like something out of a comedy sketch . 
  this is always presented like the operator did n't contact the ambulance and police which she did . 
  the operator did behave poorly , and if anything it 's indicative of poor training . 
  i know shootings are very rare in this part of the world but that does n't mean any serious claim should be treated without complete seriousness , the way the woman behaves is incredulous . 
  i 'm pretty sure ford makes manual fiesta 's and focus 's for the european market . 
  this is just stupid it 's obvious what he 's trying to say . 
  he means that sanctions are a means of achieving peace . 
  as in sanctioning aggressive countries causing war in remote parts of the world as an alternative to direct military intervention . 
  however sanctions are often against many countries ' financial interests and often the economy is seen as more important than achieving peace . 
  therefore in order to create widespread sanctions against a country you need to convince the global community that it 's in their greater interest to sanction . 
  for example you might have a third world country that is a military state , is persecuting and expelling certain ethnic groups and is causing trouble with its neighbours with border conflicts , which also has a lot of oil . 
  russian oil interests buy this oil because they have stayed neutral in the matter while the west has condemned that country and has only shaky diplomatic relations , how do you convince putin to ruin the profits of his billionaire buddies ' companies , profits that the only thing keeping unemployment down and making infrastructure investment profitable . 
  often money really does trump peace , especially if the conflict is in a remote third world country which only affects a few million people . 
  ah yes but they use the right approved `` terms '' to describe jimmy saville 's antics . 
  i 've never met an american who could pull off a passable british accent . 
  at best they end up sounding like stewie griffin or fraiser which still does n't sound british but incredibly pretentious instead . 
   let 's only shame her for her bad manners . 
  how is that what i 'm doing ? 
  i 'm not shaming anyone ... ( fyi what a stupid way to describe this ) . 
  all i 'm saying is that this is much the product of poor training than it is the product of some women being a nasty piece of work . 
  yes she waited a minute to pass on the call , but she was essentially doing what she was trained to , just very badly . 
  for example it 's common practice to keep the person the phone talking if they 're injured or in danger , there are a number of reasons for this , to keep injured people conscious if possible , to gather any information from the background noise such as further gun shots or the police sirens arriving . 
  it 's also common practice to have people repeat information you 've already requested at different stages of the call , this is again for a number of reasons . 
  the speaker might be in such state of shock and then meant one street but said another , the operator might have misheard the caller due to an foreign or regional accent they 're not accustomed to . 
  also the consistency of the responses allows the operator to gauge your current mental state more clearly . 
  what you have here though is a total lack of the other things an operator should do , for example reassuring the caller to calm them down which will most likely improve the quality of information they provide . 
  the questions she asks just sound dumb , she probably suspects it 's a crazy person trying to get a police response for some other reason or something like that . 
  what you have is a failure to respond properly to the call which can only be the product of poor training . 
  it 's not single woman who 's a bitch , it 's a complete failure in the swedish emergency response system to be prepared for such a incident . 
  it 's crazy the potential drones have for the future . 
  obviously right now they 're dumb as rocks , whoever programmed them to do this obviously had to know the precise position of the scaffolding and the exact starting point of the drones , it probably took days to programme the sequence of actions needed to build this bridge , as well as a tonne of fine tuning working with the ropes and synchronisation . 
  however in 30 years time as the use of drones grows , millions of hours of labour are pumped into improving them , and technology improves generally , we could see drones capable of building a bridge from scratch in a combat zone on irregular terrain with little to no human remote intervention . 
  it 's a little bit scary really , how long til some terrorist or psycho uses a drone in a terrorist attack and the world loses its shit over widespread drone availability . 
  the future of war might not even need humans on the front line , just millions of drone type war vehicles vying to push the enemy drones back . 
  god old people looting what a nightmare . 
  grandma you 've just put on a worse helm for your class than you had on , furthermore that like ( 5 ) by iron shield means you 're carrying five iron shields for some reason , you 've just looted a heavy 2 hand sword without even considering it 's worth and stats , no you have compare the stats with what you 're using , for christ 's sake do you really need 2 axes , 2 1h swords and 2 2h swords . 
  that 's not how any of this works ... 
  edit : how it does work is that yes they 'll probably be out before the complete sentence is served ( assuming good behaviour ) , but they 'll have to go through a lengthy process of release hearings , day release , maybe ankle tagging and years of probation . 
  then they 'll carry a serious criminal record for a very long time after that and they 'll be broke . 
  personally i 'm glad we do n't have a system like in america where in some states you 'd do life for this . 
  ultimately what did they do ? 
  traded in a prohibited substance with some willing buyers . 
  given the dangerous nature of the substance what they did is justly a criminal offence , but they have n't killed or seriously harmed anyone directly ( to our knowledge ) , i have no idea why what they did would be considered by some to be worthy of a punishment equal to a murderer or rapist . 
  5 years seems like a fitting punishment for a crime of this severity , 20 years does not . 
  i think those blue glowing things are sensors providing real time feedback on the drones location . 
  as for the position of the ropes i do n't know if they 're getting anything in realtime on that , they could have just programmed a sequence of movements that avoided any possible tangling problems with some trial and error . 
  yeah but it 's all about weight to value ratio . 
  unless you 're going to be making hundreds of trips of the merchant every time you go through a dungeon then you 'll to think about what you want to be carrying around . 
  her inventory was full of trash loot , not just trash but heavy trash , someone needs to teach grandma about looting efficiency . 
  heroin never killed anyone of its own volition .
