  wallace on the other hand sounds pure northern . 
  this guy reminds me of iwan rheon a bit . 
   as is emilia clarke, 
  she 's not remotely cockney , what are you smoking ? 
  i 've worked at some start ups in my life and i 'd say :, 
  make sure the concept is actually feasible , i wasted a year of my life working at a company whose concept was n't even workable due to circumstances they did n't foresee ( despite their being foreseeable ), 
  realise that a good solid concept is not enough , in fact it 's just a first step , there is no inherent value to a good idea . 
  i think a lot of smaller perfectly viable start ups fall flat on their faces because the founders spent all their time focussing on the product and how to make it great . 
  you can have the best product in the world and still fail because you could n't get the product to market effectively enough . 
  `` if you build it they will come '' is so rarely the case in business , but start up founders are very susceptible to falling into this type of thinking and underestimating the difficulty of actually getting your product to market because their belief in the quality and utility of the product itself is so strong . 
  choose who you work with carefully , there 's nothing worse than being tied to a bad business . 
  if your business is selling online for example then you 'd better make damn sure that you trust and like whoever is managing your website , and that they have the necessary skills . 
  it 's very hard and costly to change at a later date . 
  do n't start a business lightly . 
  the first six months of opening a business is always an interesting time because you 're doing something new , however , realise that this company is going to dominate your entire life for as long as it exists , there 's no such thing as a successful part time entrepreneur . 
  what seems like fun now might be a huge chore in a year or two 's time , ask yourself whether that 's something you 're cool with . 
  edit :, 
  this one is really important but i 've seen it overlooked so often : make sure you can monetise your product . 
  so many start ups get going without any real idea of how to make money off it . 
  50 years ago this would 've been laughable , but in these days of google and reddit lots of people think that all you need to do is make something people want and get people interested and the revenue will sort itself out . 
  no , you are not google . 
  the best way to build up a business will always be to grow naturally with a turnover . 
  thinking your business will be the exception is foolish . 
  they call themselves blow ins , which is a term for people who move to ireland but are n't from there . 
  any idiot with a bit of money to invest can pay someone to go and make more money for them . 
  lol , he did n't say that at all , they 're talking about electronic trading platforms for the most part , that means humans trading online , not computers trading with each other . 
  i 'm speaking english . 
  not murican . 
  yeah , i like alt-j , but this parody is funny and accurate too . 
  in many ways parody is a type of compliment , shows that your style is well understood enough that it can be parodied . 
  where do you know that from ? 
  i checked the channel too and in one video the wife was making sauerkraut . 
  judging from the way she pronounced the word `` sauerkraut '' and the fact she said that when she was young she ate it almost everyday , i would say she was german . 
  not sure about the husband though . 
  i live in germany and they certainly do n't sound anything like the typical german speaking english . 
  the husband definitely sounds welsh to me !, 
  not sure about that . 
  in fact the top three economies in europe ( de , fr , uk ) actually send more economic foreign aid abroad than the entirety of the us , despite having only 210 million people ( versus the us 's 320 so million ) and a combined gdp of roughly 7.1 trillion us$ ( versus the us 's 16.22 trillion us$ ), 
  edit : wow , sorry i mentioned it , seems i 've pissed off some american patriotic types with my facts : /, 
  it 's a combination of things . 
  obviously the nsa spying scandal was a big deal in germany , and since they 're not a five eyes country it 's not so hypocritical of them to criticise the us government for doing it . 
  however , i think it runs a bit deeper than that . 
  due to germany 's history , both ww2 and it 's legacy , and the cold war , germany is a country that still remembers reasonably well how deep the effects of military action overseas can have on a country . 
  the majority of germans are vehemently anti-war and since the us government is the number one military actor on the planet they 're obviously not keen . 
  not only this , but within living memory you have the spying between east and west germany , with the kgb and stasi and so forth , which adds salt to the wounds inflicted by the nsa scandal . 
  meh i live in a part of germany with many us military bases within an hour 's drive . 
  i generally do n't hear any hate from the locals about us soldiers , they 're just a bit of nuisance . 
  here in the city their presence is n't really big enough for it to offer and significant economic advantages ( although i hear in some rural towns they 're a boon for the economy ) . 
  that said , i did see a big bunch of off duty female us navy group on a night out once and they were being highly obnoxious , screaming , falling over pissed . 
  i asked them where they were from and they said they had leave , until one of them told `` do n't act like you 're navy '' because apparently they only wanted to talk to people who `` were navy '' , and speaking english is apparently acting like `` you 're navy '' or something . 
  i do n't know , it was hard to get any sense out of them being in such a state . 
  trust me , the vast majority of germans would absolutely love for the american military to pack up and leave , they 're perfectly happy being defended by the bundeswehr ( which the german people pay 40 billion us$ yearly to support ) . 
  so yes , germany does pay for it 's own military , and the us military presence here has been completely unnecessary since the end of the cold war , nonetheless , like a case of the herp you seem rather difficult to get rid of . 
  nothing to dislike , which i guess is why they like you ? 
  not really . 
  the german people were highly critical of the german government 's surveillance , but it was n't really on the same scale as what snowden revealed the the nsa and five eyes . 
  i think the real anger in germany was triggered more by the thought that the average german citizen was potentially being spied on by a foreign government ( one that is meant to be ally ) , than by the though that the german government was being spied on ( which is just what governments do ) . 
  the right to a private home life is something that is taken very seriously in germany . 
  ironic if you 're saying that as an american . 
  i wo n't deny that the germans have a touch of arrogance about their way of doing things , i ca n't tell you how many times i 've been told the plumbing / housing / manufacturing is better in germany . 
  however , it pales in comparison to the us , where thinking that the us is the `` greatest country in the world '' tm is n't remotely controversial and even taken for granted in some parts . 
  it 's not helping at all , as even if the us military pulled out of western europe tomorrow there would hardly be any need to increase military spending . 
  this is n't 1980 with the threat of the soviet union looming over us . 
  russia is n't likely to invade any nato country soon , and even if they were their military spending is only 80 billion , whereas the combined spending of eu countries is well over 200 billion . 
  only idiots seem to believe that the us spends all this money on military to subsidise the eu 's security . 
  it does it because it buys them hard cold power in the world of international relations , it does it so it can dominate international trade with the threat of military superiority at its back . 
  russia does n't have the military strength to get into the war with the west , even if it were just with europe , they 'd get curb stomped very quickly . 
  also we live in a nuclear age , and with 2 nuclear powers in europe it would be very foolish to start an all out war . 
  what happened in ukraine was solely because up until recently ukraine was a country within russia 's sphere of influence , and there was growing support to move from that to a closer relationship with the west . 
  in fact , the reason it happened now rather than later is precisely because russia realised if they left it too late then there was a chance ukraine would come under the protection of the west . 
   its beneficial for everyone for half of europe not to go to war with each other every 30 years , which was the norm from around 1400 - 1945 . 
  this is a rather silly way of looking at it . 
  up until 1900 going to war every few years was just how the world worked , it was n't specific to europe , it just happened that europe was the economically and militarily dominant force with a bunch of colonies to maintain . 
  the us during that time was somewhat of an anomaly , because it was a new world nation without any hostile neighbours . 
  nonetheless , that did n't stop there being fighting at times . 
  i know how some patronising americans like to make out that europe is somehow more war inclined that other places , but that 's complete bullshit . 
  the peace in europe post ww2 is more to do with a changing globalised world and change in attitude wrought by the horrors of the first true modern wars in the 1st half of the 20th century , not because `` daddy america '' is standing over us with a stick . 
  that 's what i said though . 
  those three countries combined send more total aid than the us , despite having 110 million fewer people and less than half the us 's gdp . 
  the uk alone manage half of what the us gives despite 1/4 as many people to collect taxes from . 
  i was n't being anti us , merely point out that what the guy said before , that the us gives vastly more , is false . 
  ah ok , do you know which video ? 
  actually you only need two countries , the uk and germany , to beat americans total economic aid given , and considering that those countries are both 1/4 the size of the us in population , vastly smaller in resources and land mass , and even less than 1/4 the size of the us in terms of how much money they 've got , it does n't reflect well on the us . 
  good , we do n't need you . 
  i do n't really see that . 
  germany is one of the most pacifistic nations in europe , it would take generations now for that to change . 
  the us was needed to maintain a sizeable presence in europe during the cold war , i do n't dispute that , much of mainland europe would n't have been able to defend itself from russia without the us . 
  however , it was also aligned with the us 's interests , because the last thing the us wanted was russia getting hold on europe with its relative wealth and 500 million population , it would 've made it much harder for the us defend itself without it . 
  such a load of crap , there 's a big difference between a conflict like kosovo , which politicians can dodge and ignore , and there being a real threat to homeland security . 
  if you think the larger nations are going to `` stammer and stutter '' when theirs a chance it could actually affect them then you have a bizarre and unrealistic notion of what european politics is like . 
  so what if you 're giving the biggest figure ? 
  if you do a charity drive in one area and 1000 people give you $ 10 each , and you do a charity drive in another area and 100 people give you $ 10 each , which area is more charitable ? 
  which area has the more charitable people ? 
   just because other countries give more per capita , it does n't mean the us should be ashamed . 
  we 're still giving the most aid !!, 
  where did i say the us should be ashamed , that 's something you 've just thought of yourself . 
   $ 1 = $ 1 and the us gives the most . 
  what are you talking about ? 
  $ 1 does not equal # 1 , currently the # is worth $ 1.45 . 
  the difference in currency does n't affect this at all , all the figures i gave were already in us dollars .
