  do you realise the french r sound doesnt exist in english . 
  its like asking a frenchie with no english to pronounce the words ` beat ' and ` bit ' differently , they simply wont be able to without practice . 
  not if youre from south germany . 
  here it 's more rolled . 
  fyi there is literally no difference between sikth and sixth . 
  in ipa the english x is just a k with an s sound at the end . 
  an s sound that disappears naturally when follow by a th because of the type of sound that is . 
  yes there is a w sound . 
  it belongs to the oi sound . 
  that 's why quoi is kwa not ka . 
  if you do n't know this then it 's your french accent that 's horrible . 
  this is basic stuff . 
  people like you sound oversensitive . 
  generally the problem is not with everyone else . 
  you are not really owed consideration . 
  certainly not past a certain point of what is reasonable . 
  yes some people are massive wankers , but this can not be true of the majority . 
  you have to learn to be thick skinned . 
  if someone doesnt like you or something you 've done fuck them . 
  there is a very real problem with what is happening currently . 
  post ww2 the idea was the developed world was allied and very strict on aggressors . 
  people wanted an end to world conflict . 
  the cold war was a very real danger later on . 
  now we live in a supposed globalised world under a alleged us hemogeny . 
  the problem is that big armies and cutting edge weapons tech means nothing unless one 's prepares to use it . 
  since we live in the globalised world with a globalised economy western nations have a lot to lose from even basic things like sanctioning russia . 
  everyone loses from that so they are unwilling . 
  so this allows aggressive power hungry nations like russia , large enough to possess a degree of autonomy , to take liberties knowing that as long as they do n't cause serious problems for any influential nations all theyll get is a telling off . 
  the danger is that it keeps happening and they keep pushing and get greedier until it reaches a pressure point and you have a major world crisis on your hands . 
  russia 's military is actually pathetic on a global scale , especially give its size . 
  you realise that any aggression against them would mean war with the us , uk and france ? 
  that 's over 3/4 the whole worlds military capacity right there . 
  russia would n't even get through finland before the kremlin was burning . 
  someone is living in the past . 
  russia poses about as much threat as india does . 
  yeah because putting two voiceless fricatives together is totally normal . 
  the ipa is k\u0280was\u0251\u0303 so there really is a w there . 
  what ? 
  i know foreigners do n't learn dialect . 
  i was just saying it 's not as simple as german r = french r. also in southern france some places used to have rolled r too but it 's dying out now . 
  this is beautiful . 
  ca n't believe you actually think this , it puts you about one step above a north korean in terms of understanding world affair . 
  well done on drinking the koolaid . 
  come on now . 
  you really think america has done more to raise living standards than any other nation ? 
  you really think america is more critical of its government than other nations , when the americans are so often unpolitical and anti-intellectual . 
  where congress can flat out stop the country and still get vote ed back in ? 
  you really think that an american contributes anymore to the r and d of an international pharmaceutical company than a citizen any other wealthy nation , canadian taxes are paying for that r and d equally relative to capita , it makes no difference that you have to pay direct . 
  are you so stupid to not realise drugs cost the same the world over ? 
  it makes no difference that canadians do n't pay at delivery . 
  are you so brainwashed as to think america gives canada free drugs or something , your argument is retarded . 
  do you think there isnt canadian technology in orion ? 
  that americans are somehow smarter or something , because that type of drivel only a brainwashed idiot would believe . 
  the only reason the us even is a superpower is because it just happens to be the biggest and most populous anglophone country , that has been given a free ride off the back of the cultures its populace deserted , whilst also having a dearth of people and resources . 
  in one hundred years being anglophonic wo n't mean shit and more populace nations will streak ahead . 
  on the whole americans accept worse pay worse treatment by their government and more barbaric practices than any other developed nation , if anything it holds progress back . 
  america was basically handed a free pass to power off the back of european culture and ww2 , its barely been relevant to the world for more than 100 years and its simply pathetic are you go around calling yourself the greatest nation on earth . 
  it merely happens to be the wealthiest right now due to circumstance very little to do with its own people or actions . 
  frankly america need nationalism like the shit you spout to deal with its insecurities , without it it would be obvious that its simply a slightly sub par western nation whose only strength is its size . 
  you do n't seem to understand the difference between defeating a massive nation like the ussr and defending against them so i wo n't even bother . 
  lol imo the meme posting guy was the least creepy . 
  its one thing to put lewd remark half seriously on trashy pics , but you the guy saying sexy and beautiful is probably a bigger weirdo who thinks hes legitimately in with a chance . 
  you forgot the most important value . 
  spinning the former as not only ethically tolerable but in fact the only right thing to do . 
  social welfare is immoral and will lead to the us becoming a terrible place like norway where they dont even have moon landings . 
  lets face it , whats more important ? 
  global dick waving competitions or our children 's education ? 
  i think you know the red white and blue answer . 
  which is why hitler invaded and occupied britain in 1940 before the ussr entered the war just as planned right ? 
  let 's face it . 
  most the anti eu idiots just dislike the eastern europeans , you never hear them complaining about the germans or the swedes . 
  apparently eastern countries are inferior and should count themselves lucky if brits want to live there but arent deserving of having the courtesy returned . 
  that 's nothing . 
  i 'm sitting here in munich drinking augustiner and tegernsee helles all year round . 
  you couldnt me more wrong , that 's not what trolls were . 
  sure they riled people up , but that was usually by putting forward opinions that were straddling the border of being believable , taking advantage of the naive who would fly off in a rage and end up making more of a tit of themselves than the troll ever did . 
  now trolling means rape and death threats and general abuse , a consequence of the up tight humourless folk that didnt get the whole concept . 
  back in the old days in communities i used to frequent trolls were actually enjoyable because the people who fell for them deserved it . 
  now it 's come to mean nothing more than being abusive . 
  jealous american . 
  how cute . 
  enjoy your trigger happy police and expensive medical bills . 
  i ca n't hear you over the sound of my tolerant multicultural society where people of different races and cultures get along without a second thought . 
  a place where different ethnic groups do n't need live in different neighbourhoods to get along . 
  face it the only reason the us does n't have anti hate speech laws is because there are so many racists and lunatics there that their votes mean something . 
  in the eu however these people are so rare nobody cares about their rights . 
  i 'm sorry that you live in an inferior more barbaric nation , but the us has always been behind the times when it comes to social progress whether that be slavery laws , segregation or human rights . 
  i guess the fantasy of european racism you 've invented is all you can do to protect your ego from feeling inferior and inadequate . 
  it 's ok though , not everyone is cut out to live in the real world , you are forgiven . 
  `` there 's a * line * '' ... `` uk '' ... 
  this definitely happened . 
  then she got in her suv and took the highway to edinbowrow with $ 100 in the trunk . 
  yes all the shit and backwards stuff in the us is actually indicative somehow of america being more advanced . 
  here have 72 upvotes . 
  dae think reddit is an anti american circle jerk ? 
   and why the shit are you trying to watch films on tv anyway, 
  you must be a cool guy irl , and by that i mean a pathetic nerd that spends all his money on blu ray discs . 
  like the us for example . 
  kinda like the china of the west . 
  has potential and slowly improving but always behind the times .
