  oh so making the statement that areas of uk cities have high homicide rates automatically means the same as `` areas of uk cities have high homicide rates compared to areas of american cities '' ? 
  the fuck it does . 
  get to fuck , you 're coming across a little usa obsessed . 
   but go ahead , feel superior because you do n't even understand the context of crime in american cities . 
  it must be because we 're all gun-toting savages , right ? 
  insecure much ? 
  i have n't made any statements about us crime rates , you seem to be reading things that are n't there . 
  all i was suggesting is that there are some small segments of uk cities that have gang / crime / murder problems equivalent to those found in many crime ridden areas around the world . 
  sorry , but no , you 're full of shit . 
  i also have experienced that apathy so fair enough . 
  i 'm english but i 've lived in germany for approaching a year now . 
  it 's a cool place i like it a lot . 
  in some ways it 's very similar to the uk , often in ways that other anglophone countries are n't similar to uk since it 's relating to shared european history rather than the english language , of course in other ways it is n't . 
  i imagine the north is very different from the south but i 'm yet to experience there in any great depth . 
  i admire the civility of the place . 
  germans can have nice things in places you would n't get them in the uk ( not talking london , talking in small provincial cities and stuff ) because people the uk like to fight and act out when they 're drunk . 
  it 's admirable how you guys can get very drunk and rarely get confrontational or puke on public transport and such . 
  i try to tone myself down when i 'm in a drunken mess here to act more german . 
  it 's also cool how many people are allowed to drink on the job ( or at least unofficially ) , i 've seen doormen and bar staff having a beer along with the customers much more regularly than in the uk . 
  drinking as a doorman would get you fired on the spot in the uk , certainly if you did it in front of the punters . 
  sometimes you can be slightly cold of course . 
  i mean the uk is hardly a super friendly smiley country like the usa , but sometimes you have to work to make you guys crack a smile . 
  it 's not such a piss taking culture and sometimes germans come across frightfully earnest . 
  you 're also quite culturally conservative in some ways . 
  maybe it 's a product of being more culturally protected by your own language but i think in the uk the concept of britishness is more diluted by the impact of the rest of the anglosphere . 
  that 's not to say britishness does n't exist but maybe not as much as the german way of doing things is held in higher regard here . 
  you 're also quite fiscally conservative which is a double edged sword in some regards , for example the banks are less tricky and stuff , however no taking visa and mastercard in many places seems backward , is there any point fighting these world dominating institutions ? 
  supermarkets are noticeably different . 
  tengelmann and edeka just seem so focused to providing the essentials of life ( lebensmittel ! ), 
  and so forth . 
  aldi is bigger but seems budget end as well ( it 's pretty much the same as uk aldi which is perceived as low end ) . 
  i have n't seen supermarkets that would compare with tesco or sainbury 's which are bigger and try to sell you everything from mobile phone plans to baked beans . 
  you have way more speciality shops . 
  you want a suitcase then go to the suitcase shop , you want a sewing machine then go to the sewing machine shop , which is slightly inconvenient and i do wonder how these businesses stay afloat . 
  overall i 'd say there 's a lot more good than bad . 
  things work well in a way that does n't feel held together by string ( which how things often feel in the uk ) , but a consequent of that is sometimes change takes longer to get through since theirs less people constantly moaning for a new way of doing things ( in the uk people are always doing this ) . 
  i mean i 've seen a self-service checkout in this country and i ca n't imagine how most germans would react if they were implemented . 
  nice country !, 
  really ? 
  i find german supermarkets quite limited in comparison to the uk . 
  coming from the uk , shit here is cheap !, 
  munich is a tad more pricey but still not on the level of a lot of the uk . 
  i really loved the previous iterations of this game . 
  absolutely beautiful and so much depth and fun in the gameplay . 
  however the experience was totally ruined by the crappy technical issues . 
  it 's not just building roads but also trying to build anything but small zones . 
  my pc was cutting edge at the time and far exceeded the recommended settings . 
  even moderately sized zones would cause problems . 
  eventually i stopped playing the game because of frustration of fps drops . 
  it got progressively worse as my cities got bigger which was another kick in the teeth . 
  i remember having to add public transport to my cities covering most the map , widening roads and adding overpasses and stuff to improve infrastructure and it was torture with all the lag issues . 
  it 's shame because if they fixed these technical aspects i could 've seen myself spending hundreds of hours on this game since it 's got so many good elements . 
  i have to say why bother ? 
  i mean it 's a phoneme that does n't exist in many languages other than english ( frisian ? 
  ) , so it 's hard to learn and make sound authentic . 
  furthermore it 's not a sound that even exists in all american accents . 
  people on the east coast and far south of the us do n't use it . 
  all english accents apart from the south west and a town called blackburn do n't use it . 
  the scottish do n't use it they have their own - r phoneme . 
  welsh do n't use it . 
  australians and new zealanders do n't use it , but some irish do . 
  for these reasons it 's not considered part of international english either . 
  it seems like a lot of work to learn an entirely new phoneme when it 's not at all necessary . 
  but if his friends just said it without the post vocalic - r they would n't be speaking incorrectly ? 
  so what 's there to make fun of . 
  did know old fashioned texan accents do n't have the - r either ? 
  nope , the american and british - r are similar , apart from when the - r is at the end of the word as in - car , or not followed by a vowel sound , as in cart . 
  british cah and caht , american - cah-rrr and cah-rrr-t . 
  in british english dialects ( and some americans ones e.g new york , boston ) the - r sound is ignored unless some vowel follows . 
  some london dialects have funny - r sounds that sound like - w 's , but they 're only a tiny minority . 
  yes , but that only becomes more intriguing , because most german dialects do n't really pronounce the - r ( with their - r sound either rolled or guttural ) unless it 's followed by a vowel either ? 
  a german word like wasser would n't have an - r sound either , it would sound like vassuh or vassah to us , just as the someone from new york saying water would sound like wortuh or wortah to you . 
  normally this is the large thing a german would worry about . 
  the real problems for germans seems to be using the regular english - r that goes before a vowel ( alveolar approximant ) , the letter - v ( especially when occurring in the middle of a word ) , and some problems with diphthongs . 
  not the hootenanny mark , anything but the hootenanny . 
  yes they are quite british words . 
  especially rubbish which is used neither as a noun nor adjective in the states . 
  theatre is spelt that way because it 's a french loan word ( like how we spell strudel : strudel not stroodle , and spell alzheimer 's rather than altshimer 's ) typically we do n't ever change the spelling of words in english once they 're standardised , you just have to learn them . 
  the americans obviously had a go as making the spelling more logical , but it 's a lost cause and they quickly gave up . 
  the uk is technically a theocracy , and yet religion holds far less influence in politics there than the us . 
  seems like it 's not that simple . 
  i 've seen plenty of americans do the same . 
  i think the reason people get annoyed with the spelling difference is because they 're so minor . 
  if it were different enough to warrant actually having to do some significant learning to understand each version it probably would n't be an issue and would just be accepted as obviously different dialects . 
  however there is n't that much difference , it just a few words that get spelt differently . 
  of course there are words like `` spelt '' and `` learnt '' which are pronounced significantly differently ( beyond the influence of accent ) as well as written differently , but they 're even fewer . 
  consequently many just think it 's stupid that there are any differences in spelling at all , but naturally assume the version they use is the correct one . 
  it 's not like a british person ca n't pick up a book in us english and read it and vice versa . 
  there is of course a degree of pride amongst the english about their language , that is the language that originated in their country , and occasionally pendants ' ires are raised when other countries change the usage . 
  one that americans use that annoys other speakers is `` i did n't do it yet '' or `` i did it already '' instead of `` i have n't done it yet '' or `` i 've already done it '' , since it 's breaking the rules of using the perfect tense for possibilities that remain open and delivering new information with special relevancy . 
  he obviously did n't state he was from the uk . 
  i was merely expressing surprise that he thinks the german supermarkets are that good compared to those in holland when in my experience the german supermarkets are n't all that . 
  it would suggest the dutch supermarkets must really suck . 
  do you even english bro ? 
  why because i forgot one preposition ? 
  i did n't claim to be perfect , but whoever responded to me before you did , obviously completely missed the point of what i was saying , there 's a big difference . 
  he was already being a jerk with his sarcy response . 
  is n't that what i said ? 
  pretty sure the uk is more densely populated . 
  it 's nothing to do with that , it 's to do with supermarket culture .
