  it must be that way . '' . 
  and honestly i think that 's what it comes down to , you hate that attitude that the people in charge mostly do plan for things ( oh and fyi i never mentioned any `` experts '' ) . 
  you want to live in a world where corporate interests are evil baddies and government are incompetent fools making it up as they go along . 
  it 's called being immature , and that 's fine , but i seriously tire of arguing with you about it when my supposition that there 's a plan is hardly anything like as absurd as you 're making out . 
   so the guy who has to do the job does n't know what he would do in that situation . 
  so , logically , if there was a plan , then the guy involved in the situation would have to know about it . 
  otherwise , nothing would happen . 
  the plan necessarily would have to include the atc . 
  i never said anything about him having to do the job . 
  you 've just assumed that . 
  maybe he is n't trained in it precisely because he is n't the one expected to be responsible for it . 
  it 's not logical at all to think that ordinary atc staff would be the ones expected to talk down a commercial aircraft , finding someone with flight experience would probably be the first port of call , ( oh and fyi that does n't mean on-call pilots 24/7 for every possible model of plane ) . 
   you 're literally just making things up based on how you assume the world works, 
  no i 'm basing it off how i know the world worlds from experience , there 's a big difference . 
   people involved in the industry are telling you otherwise , and you 're obstinately refusing to even listen . 
  you are absolutely full of yourself and think you 're smarter than people who literally do this for a living . 
  no , i retracted all statements about the atc . 
  you 're just evidently in love with that one guy ( not people ) and are defending him about things he never said about things he 's not expected to know anything about . 
   i 'm sorry to inform you that no one is planning or spending resources for that 0.00001 % incidence situation . 
  let 's just get basic here . 
  one billion dollars x 0.00001 is 10,000 dollars a year . 
  very basically you could cover that risk with $ 10,000 dollar year to cover that risk ( in reality it 's far more complicated but let 's pretend ) . 
  now imagine you could reduce that risk factor by convincing your insurance underwriter that you have protocols in place , and the cost of developing those protocols is a one off fee of $ 10,000 for an risk manger to consult with a few experts and draw up a plan . 
  would you draw up the plan ? 
  one day you 'll live in the real world my friend . 
  until then stop repeating yourself and getting angry using endless bold text and italics to drive your nonsensical points home . 
  i am so tired of debating this with you . 
  believe what you fucking want i do n't care . 
  i feel like i 've done my best to explain why i believe what i do , and all you 've done lately is tell me i 'm arrogant for not taking the word of one atc guy as law ( despite he himself acknowledging that there could be a plan somewhere ) and tell me i 'm incorrect for no apparent reason whatsoever . 
  maybe you 're just angry at people do n't believe the world is run on a wing and a prayer . 
   ... i 'm not sure you understand how atc works . 
  if he does n't know of a plan , then someone else knowing is n't going to matter . 
  he 's the guy talking to the plane . 
  he would need to know about a contingency plan . 
  not true at all . 
  watch the atc records of the 9/11 , american airlines actually have an emergency centre who were put into contact with atc to help handle it ( more of those experts you do n't think exist ) . 
  they can also contact dispatchers , who can contract appropriate government agencies . 
   what , from your 17 years of life ? 
  saying `` i know how the world works '' is the same as saying `` i do n't have anything to support this other than i think i 'm right . '', 
  because i know how the world works too , bud , and i 'm telling you you 're wrong about this . 
  we could have had an adult discussion about it , but you went off the handle and started insulting me . 
  so now i think you 're probably a kid . 
  i 'm in my 30s but whatever . 
  also may i ask precisely what you do for living and why you claim to know so much . 
  you do n't deserve to be spoken to like an adult , you literally started this bullshit comment chain because you hate `` an attitude '' that people believe there `` are experts '' , way to talk from experience bud . 
   so what . 
  you 're still making a claim contrary to what the atc says . 
  it 's his job , he does it for a living . 
  you do not . 
  it does n't matter if you 've `` retracted '' any statements , you 're still wrong in the face of a more knowledgeable source of information . 
  no , i 'm not . 
  do you think they train every regular member atc how to deal with negotiate with hijackers ? 
  do you think every atc staff knows how to respond with anything other than bump it up to someone with more authority ? 
  nothing i 've said contradicts what the atc guy said . 
   also , i keep laughing about the billion dollars estimate , because it 's so far off . 
  you sound like you 're in high school making a guess like that . 
  you can tell me you work in `` liability '' , but you must be pretty bad at your job if you think a single airplane crash costs a billion dollars . 
  a billion dollars was a rough estimate , you seem to have really honed in on the fact that i dared use an approximation . 
  let 's looks at some costs here :, 
  value of plane : 350 million dollars, 
  legal fees resulting from all the ramifications of the crash : 100 million dollars, 
  settlements for relatives of those killed or any injured survivors : 50 million dollars, 
  government costs and regulator fines : 50 million dollars . 
  then you have loss of revenue . 
  lufthansa posted profits of roughly 3 billion euros last year , a 10 % drop in business could mean a 300 million euro decline in profits . 
  fact is that it does n't matter if it 's 300 million , 500 million or a billion . 
  the point is the same . 
  that 's the point about rough estimations , they 're a rough picture , not a precise figure . 
   i aint angry dude , you 're cracking me up with your obstinate ignorance . 
  seeing someone who 's just so sure they 're right , when they 're blatantly wrong , is hilarious . 
  i 'm sure you 're laughing heartily not sitting at home getting angry over nothing when you could be doing something better with your time , there 's not obstinately ignorant about what i 've said , i 've already acknowledged that atc knows what he 's talking about and would n't dare contradict him . 
  you seem to think you 're an expert yet remain remarkably stumm about what exactly you do . 
  and on that note , i think i 'll leave it here for now , i 'm bored trying to educate idiots . 
  i ca n't keep talking to someone this stupid . 
  you 're 30 years old and you think it 's funny when someone uses a round figure to make a point . 
  at a guess i 'm going to say you work in it and one of those know it all detail picking types who lacks basic personal skills or any notion of the bigger picture . 
  go away . 
  step away from your keyboard , and go be someone else 's problem . 
  imo it does n't matter if he 's a genius . 
  he 's an organ player , he 's probably amazing , but he 's hardly a rock star . 
  his behaviour is definitely pretentious imo . 
  that fact that you think a billion is an `` over-estimate '' ( do you mean overestimation ? ), 
  shows how little you know about the world . 
  and it 's you being a child . 
  let 's look at some facts :, 
  1 ) neither one of us knows of certain if a plan exists, 
  2 ) i have explained to you why i think one exists despite what atc guy said, 
  all you 've done is call me arrogant because i think there 's a plan despite what atc guy said about atc having no plan , according to you atc staff not knowing of a plan = no plan exists . 
  i still believe there 's a plan just as i believe there 's a plan for if the president gets caught in a gay affair or there 's a plan if the iss spontaneously falls out of orbit . 
  i personally , think people do plan this shit , and i have explained to you the reasons why based on my life experience . 
  you do n't , and that 's fair enough , and nobody can say for certain except many high level people working at air safety authorities around the world . 
  only they would no the precise rules for which responsibility falls in air accidents/emergencies , as well as knowing every single scenario for which each and every organisation plans for . 
  however , like a child , you 've mocked by beliefs , mocked my arguments for unfounded reason ( one billion is not an unrealistic figure in the slightest ) , you 've ignored all my points , and said moronic things like unless atc know about it there ca n't be a plan , childlike logic that does n't stand up in the real world . 
  consequently , imo you 're a fucking idiot , a mouth breathing it clerk who does n't know shit all . 
  i do not want to talk to you . 
  i want to go my whole life without having to suffer your half arsed logic and childish nonsense . 
  you are someone i will gladly actively avoid the rest of my life . 
  so do us both a favour and fuck off , please , just tell me you disagree and stop this endless tedious fountain of shite going any further , k ? 
  how can i stress this more ? 
  you keep dragging me back to this childish discourse only to return to your stupid arguments ( e.g atc guy said so ) , with no attempt to address anything i 've said .
