  fake brit radar is off the charts . 
  not even once . 
  but it 's the people who wait , not the queue . 
  in english it 's definitely suggestive of a queue that likes to wait a long time . 
  for what you 've said you 'd have to say a long fast/slow queue . 
  the point is that we 've lived in mixed economies for a long time . 
  long enough for people to use words like socialism , capitalism , and democracy to mean `` more socialistic influence '' , `` more capitalistic influence '' etc. 
  why do you have such a beef with the word socialism ay ? 
  we allow you to go around talking about capitalism and democracy etc. 
  without holding you to absolutist definitions . 
  why ca n't right wingers do the same , it 's laughably childish when people start explaining to people what socialism `` really means '' . 
  that 's not how communication works . 
   well , it 's not like europe is doing that great . 
  their economies still rely primarily on private capital to continue flowing , and while the social programs help things seem not so bad , they have some harsh limitations , and they give the government waaay too much power , and they still can manage to fail if the economic situations gets too bad . 
  most of europe is still trying to recover from the last downturn . 
  tying every nation to the same currency has n't helped at all . 
  what a load of shit . 
  i 'd call having a country where you do n't constantly have riots , mass protests shutting down roads , people arming themselves and going to live in the woods to avoid tax etc. 
  as doing really damn well . 
  as for your argument about government power that 's mostly laughable , at least in the rich parts of europe . 
  you think just because someone gets arrested for sending death threats on twitter that it 's 1984 all of sudden ? 
  gtfo . 
  you 're talking shit . 
   a nation that has a great many welfare programs , and can dictate what its people can or can not do with unlimited authority , especially in the name of economic gain , could be described as `` socialist '' . 
  no , that 's fucking nonsense . 
  the classical definition of socialism is stated owned means of production . 
  meaning businesses are owned and heavily regulated by the state . 
  the common modern usage of the word suggests a society with an abundance of support for citizens and relatively high taxes , it has nothing to do with `` unlimited authority '' . 
  and while we 're talking about unlimited authority i hear in the us the police have these great civil forfeiture laws , never heard of that happening in norway or germany , does that make the us socialist ? 
   the problem is , a capitalist society is natural . 
  give people items , and they 'll assign them value , and then they 'll start trading and bartering with each other with the goal of acquiring more value , or wealth . 
  there 's a reason pure communist regimes like the ussr or venezuela ultimately fail : a planned economy shrivels , and ca n't provide supply for ever demand , and usually the government does n't want to supply every demand . 
  no , that 's provably false . 
  the idea that capitalism is somehow `` more natural '' and all other societies are aberrations of the natural order is a myth that , in the us at least , just wo n't die . 
  owning in many ways to the us 's rise to power during a period when these ideas were taken seriously . 
  the natural state of things when left unchecked is monopoly , a few people controlling key resources and everyone else with fuck all . 
  why do you politicians and economists have been fucking with `` natural capitalism '' for nigh on 200 years now . 
  i mean ffs the fact that most of history did n't involve capitalism , but rather the control of people through the feudal system based on religious ideological social structure should show that this `` good capitalism '' people want is not something that arises naturally with inference in the natural order ( oligarchy ) by authority . 
   it 's dishonest to call european nations `` socialist '' , but it 's also not right to say they 're completely `` capitalist '' . 
  it 's also wrong to say they 're `` successful '' . 
  they 've managed to institute social welfare programs through heavy taxation of a primarily capitalistic economy and then utilized that to transition slowly into an overarching system of regulations and monetization of goods & services . 
  it remains to be seen exactly how long this can be kept up ; fifty years is not actually that long of a time , and it may not be sustainable . 
  oh god , here comes the american talking as if he knows shit about society . 
  europe has successfully created countries that are vastly nicer places to exist than the us . 
  many of their countries are doing very well . 
  europe also has to carry lesser economies from the eastern bloc and mediterranean because long term it benefits everyone if these economies become modernised and thrive . 
  your pontificating as if modern america even existed prior to ww2 is just laughable , as if the american system of capitalism were more tried and tested than that in much of europe . 
  capitalism was born in europe , not america , and europe remembers the horrors of unfettered early stage capitalism and industrialisation far better than the us , which avoided much of it due to having a far more agriculture based economy . 
  ask americans about the 19th century in the us and they 'll think of the civil war and cotton picking , ask the average european and they 'll think of cities covered with so much pollution they turned black , infant mortality , and work houses for the poor . 
  americans are brainwashed at an early age to be afraid of any attempt to try to improve their society overall . 
  they have this notion of society as a competition between individuals beaten into them at a young age . 
  the people who do this are the ruling elite in the us who stand to profit from having a workforce available which does n't demand they share much of their profits . 
  the brightest and most dedicated americans get paid the highest salaries in the world but the majority of the population are fighting for the scraps from the table . 
  there clearly is a healthy balance of capitalism , socialism , and democracy , and the us stands too far down the capitalism line to achieve it . 
  countries in europe are closer to it , but also have the problem of competing against deregulated economies like the us who let their people suffer in poverty rather than raise the cost of doing business , and then hyper-regulated economies like china who remove people 's rights on a whim to ensure they can compete in the global market . 
  if everyone just set fair tax rates and competed on the same page their would be no downside to more socialist influenced economies whatsoever , and moreover the people living in society would have the dignity of both living outside of poverty and personal liberty , sadly there are too many countries with brainwashed poorly educated populations in the world upsetting the balance and holding the human race back from a more civilised form of existence in which even the poorest in any developed economy has the basics like shelter , food , access to healthcare and education etc. 
  if those words were important enough to warrant words in english we 'd make them :p, 
  yeah the way she twitches does n't seem indicative of stimulants to me , but then again there are lots of different products on the market these days . 
  i 've seen people do too much cathinone based stuff and they 're going at a 100 mph with nervous energy . 
  there are lots of homeless where i used to live with addiction to synthetic cannabis type stuff and they show much weird and more erratic behaviour sometimes more similar to someone who 's taken ketamine . 
  they 're just not fully there and nothing makes any sense , whereas the cathinone abuse tends to lead to paranoia and ocd like behaviours . 
  i like cata because pvp was fun . 
  not even highly competitive or balanced , just fun for the most part . 
  rated bgs were a laugh on ts with a beer or two . 
  it was nice to have a really competitive battleground for the first time ever in wow . 
  the pve was a wank and facerolly , and it brought a lot of changes to pve generally that made it far less satisfying , but i was too casual to really care about that shit by that point ( i had my `` hardcore '' phase in tbc and was never going back ) . 
  as long as i could log in , do passably well in arenas and dominate the scrubs in battlegrounds i did n't really care . 
  the game for me had become cod like , log in for an hour or two , let off some steam , log out when you 've got something better to do . 
  sure the phrased servers and stuff really ruined the sense of the `` world '' , but world pvp was just a joke by that point anyway . 
  panda ruined that though when they changed all the abilities and talent trees so drastically it basically reset the game and all the classes started to feel wrong and more limited than before . 
  that was the final straw for me , because the only skills i had that would pass from expansion to expansion was an understanding of the classes and a general feel for how to play optimally in pvp . 
  expansions up to that point built on previous ones , so each new expansion was just a matter of adapting to the new abilities . 
  panda was like stepping back to an older expansion in that regard as instead of learning additional abilities you had to forget ones that had been stripped away , but even shitter . 
  i 'd actually put cata as my 3rd favourite expansions after tbc and vanilla , just because i think that although by the cata era the `` old game '' had already been ruined at that time ( through a process that happened during wotlk imo ) , the game had reached an optimal level of playability in terms of just log in and play , especially in pvp but even in pve it was easy just to join a heroic at least . 
  for casual players it was n't too bad . 
  i hear lots of people singing the praises of wotlk but i do n't get the attraction . 
  that xpac made me quit the game the first time around . 
  it was the beginning of the fall in terms of activisions new vision for the game , the point at which the `` old game '' that required cooperation and dedication to succeed in completely disappeared . 
  for example , 25 man guilds were really undermined in that expansion . 
  also the pvp was really wack what with the deathknights and really buggy new bgs and such . 
  i will always rate vanilla best for wow purity , bc the best overall as the natural optimisation of the old game model , and cata best for arcade style thrills . 
  wotlk was wack , tried too hard to be different , and overdone , and panda was just the most god awful piece of shit ever that basically sent the game spiralling into complete crap . 
  such a load of crap . 
  post cata raiding is mechanically more sophisticated , but it 's nothing compared to the sheer level of teamwork and dedication it took to progress in the pre-cata days . 
  going through tbc as a high end guild took insane levels of dedication to keep up with the best guilds . 
  these bosses were being killed by insanely under geared players who worked insanely hard to optimise their playstyle . 
  the same is not true of wow today . 
  yeah a few top guilds may still put in that kind of dedication but for the most it 's not necessary . 
  you can tell that about those early raided based on the different rates guilds progressed at . 
  you would have two guilds both raiding 4-5 nights a week and one would be a whole tier ahead of the other one , many guilds just having to wait for the next tier to be released before they could even think about progressing . 
  the gear / skill balance was tight as fuck in those days . 
  you might look at a fight like gruul and think it ridiculously simple but he was tough for guilds that did n't even have anything like bis gear when they needed to kill him to keep up with progression . 
  also there 's the fact that wow was newer and also less polished , players did n't have the same amount of hand holding when it came to optimising their gear and playstyle so there was a real skill gap between the goodies and the baddies . 
  seriously , nothing more childish than a late wow raider telling us that the content in early wow was easier or simpler . 
  if it had had been , then more guilds would 've cleared it sooner , and the data now shows clearly that these days those who try to clear content do so . 
  that 's to say , people who do n't hit high end game these days do n't do so because they 're not trying particularly hard and do n't want to put the time and effort in , whereas before many people were trying their hardest and still failing . 
  good summary . 
  i ca n't help but think boomers are in many ways the most egotistical generation , or at very least , they were the generation during which egotism started become more normalised so ultimately they are at least as egotistical as their children . 
  i like to talk about intergeneration sentiment with older when i have opportunity and i find that often there are two responses . 
  sometimes they agree and admit that many of the criticisms made about this younger generation were not even thought of in their day and understand that there 's an element of hypocrisy to the whole thing .
