  i said he must have been overeating . 
  my point was that for a 15 year old to weigh 700 pounds it must be combined with a medical issue as well . 
  so many idiots seem to think you can reduce weight down to an equation , anyone with a ounce of sense knows why this is not true . 
  while it is physically impossible for the body to manufacture the materials needed for weight gain out of nothing , this is as far as that analogy goes . 
  how your body processes the intake is not the same in all people . 
  for example women will build fat reserves more readily than men due to the lower levels of testosterone present in their bodies . 
  hormonal and physiological differences do n't have the power to make someone to eats a low calorie diet into an obese whale , but they do have the power to mean someone who eats a normal diet is chubbier compared to other people on that diet , and also to make someone who eats like a fat guy into a dangerously obese one . 
  if this kid has medically normal he 'd probably weigh around 300 pounds like normal obese kids his age , it 's absurd to suggest this kid is eating and absorbing over double what other obese kids his age are eating . 
  to weigh 700 pounds at 15 is a medical anomaly , a freak of nature , it would actually be impossible for most 15 year olds to gain that weight even if they we put on a constant weight gain diet their whole lives . 
  yes , haha , it 's very funny when obese people say it 's medical as an excuse when in fact it 's self-inflicted . 
  there are well documented cases of medical problems that can lead to weight gain , if any one seems like they have a legitimate medical issue it 's this kid . 
  you 're a liar or a terrible physicist then . 
  while obviously all things come under physical law , the reduce a process as complex as a human body we are talking trillions of factors that would be need to taken into account for . 
  i 'd like to see you write that equation . 
  the way someone 's body breaks down and absorbs different chemical components is hardly like measuring the energy released when fuel is burned , not only is it massively complex but different vastly from person to person . 
  if you actually had a scientific mind this would be patently obvious to you . 
  i hate `` i fucking love science '' . 
  it 's a the pinnacle of stupidity that surrounds the term `` science '' these days . 
  the problem is that science is meant to be about the application of the inductive method to subject matter , however if you ask me in popular culture it 's become a way for smug neckbeards to feel a sense of superiority and to push agendas on the grounds that disagreement is unscientific , agendas which would never asserted by real scientists who actually understand science . 
  the most commonly abused is stuff like evolutionary psychology and genetics are stuff . 
  for example once i tried to explain why people from poor minority backgrounds might be less socially consciousness in terms of social contract theory , and then of course some idiot comes along and says `` you 're wrong because science says humans are social animals '' , and of course any further dissent became `` unscientific '' because of the `` science says '' clause . 
  i mean just a look at the page and there are a bunch of memes about `` being a nerd '' ... really what does this have to do with science . 
  again did you even read what i said ? 
   so many idiots seem to think you can reduce weight down to an equation , anyone with a ounce of sense knows why this is not true . 
  ** while it is physically impossible for the body to manufacture the materials needed for weight gain out of nothing , this is as far as that analogy goes . 
  saying it 's `` really simple '' is reductionist in the extreme , nor can it reduced to an equation anything more theoretically assuming we had access to vast amounts of information which we do n't have . 
  hormonal explanations are n't somehow unscientific , there are hundreds of phd theses written on the issue , just as you can spent your whole life merely studying the uptake lipids in the small intestine if you want . 
  i 'm not anti-science , i 'm the anti the stupid pseudo scientific pop culture scientific reductionism that abounds on reddit , and if you are truly a scientist you should be too . 
  the work in , work out analogy is not really very useful , this is n't a school physics experiment with just a few variables , it 's something as immensely complex as large mammal . 
  given massively abnormal weight of this kid , i think there 's a very good chance he does have something physiologically abnormal about him . 
  nowhere where did i say that meant he did n't over eat , in fact that was one of the first things i stated , however reddit seems to prefer having a good old fashioned witch hunt bashing the family which frankly seems to me to be a dick move , they 're probably no worse than any of the other parents of obese children the world over , they just happen to have a child who has a strange metabolism on top of that . 
  sure it helps , but the assertion of some americans is basically that it 's the only reason why most the world has n't taken up their `` superior '' american sports . 
  if that 's the case what is reddit doing to our brains ? 
  constantly moving onto a new comment every few seconds , a new thread with an entirely different topic every minute or so ? 
  it 's a physical law , a physical law everyone managed to get through mandatory education knows , but it 's nothing more than an analogy in the way it 's conceived when talking about diet . 
  i could give you a drug that would almost entirely shut off your ability break down food into the chemical components you body needs to convert to things like chemical and kinetic energy . 
  i could then stuff you full of calorie rich foods and you would n't gain a pound , in fact if i you were kept that way you 'd die of starvation while shovelling pie into you face . 
  i mean for us to truly apply the conservation of energy to the human body are are just a billion things we 'd need to look at . 
  the efficiency of various processes , excretion as so many different points in the chemical chain . 
  it does n't even bear thinking about . 
  so yes obvious humans are subject to physical laws , but trying using that term in its application to human nutrition is just a stupid reductionist thing people say to mock fat people . 
  as i 've said before , it 's obvious to everyone that the body can not manufacture mass or energy out of nowhere , it 's not magic , but asides from that analogy does n't go any further , this is not newtonian physics for fuck 's sake , anyone with a brain can see that two people with the same eating habits can have massively different body masses . 
  this whole thing thread is just a circlejerk to laugh at fat people , mods please bring back fat people hate , it 's was like a puss filled boil that 's now spread and contaminated the rest of reddit . 
  username checks out . 
  yeah , there 's also an element of sport saturation too . 
  i mean i 've seen aussie rules and it looks quite fun , but there 's already well established games like football , rugby , cricket , field hockey and so on , so why bother ? 
  actually it 's perfectly possible to find ways of increasing the efficiency of intake of food so that you would become fat off a regular diet . 
  i mean it 's not possible right now but there 's to stop us modifying biology so you so you 're more efficient . 
  of course there is a theoretical limit to how much energy a given substance contains . 
  however this theoretical limit is actually useless since the body only has very specific methods of acquiring this energy . 
  for example there is a lot of potential chemical energy in a litre of petrol , yet drinking it will not make you fat, 
  as for the assertion that i need to try proper diet and exercise , how old are you 12 ? 
  i was waiting for someone to play this ad hominem card , fyi i 'm about 80 kg and just under 6 ft , a perfectly ordinary weight for size . 
  i 'm not remotely upset , i just dislike that the amount of hatred and mockery in this thread , many redditors seem to be completely unable to have a rational debate about anything relating to diet . 
  [ who you going to call ? 
  ] ( http://cdn.thewire.com/media/old_wire/img/upload/2013/10/16/large/original.png ), 
  misused is not used properly , unused is something that has n't been used , disused is something that was used but is no longer used . 
  disused is the correct description , when something is abandoned or taken out of use then it is disused . 
  except my claims were on the basis of things you 've said . 
  you 're just calling me fat because i 'm not join the circle jerk of fat hatred . 
  if you are a scientist then you know damn well that people who study the biology and biochem of the different ways the human body breaks down matter into energy have no need to look into the law of thermodynamics because it 's ridiculous . 
  one reason for this is that the way the body converts matter to energy never even approaches the efficiency that would make the maximum potential energy relevant . 
  it 's like an engineer saying i 'll analyse this aircraft in terms of quantum mechanics . 
  you 'll also know that the relationship between physical law and more macro sciences like biology is immensely complex , that 's why it 's a field in its own right now a subsection of physics . 
  the idea of reducing to biology to be understood within the context of physics is cute but we 're not remotely there . 
  i 'm not remotely denying science . 
  if anything it 's you who is promoting the bad science by propagating the over-simplistic analogy of energy in , energy out when it comes to the entire human organism . 
  i 'm always saying this and getting downvoted . 
  people accuse me of siding with the bad guy when i 'm just stating facts . 
  for example that kid who smashed a bottle in one kids face just because he walked into him on purpose , or that shop owner who was slapping around a shoplifter . 
  reddit does n't seem to get it that one crime does not cancel out another crime . 
  edit : if you do n't believe this you are fucking retarded , good luck in court when you beat someone and tell the judge but he was committing a crime , you 're still guilty . 
  yeah did n't seem particularly sas to me . 
  eurovision is going to look a little strange to anyone who 's never seen it before . 
  no you ca n't . 
  someone is attacking you you can use reasonable force to stop them , what is considered reasonable depends on the severity of the attack , if someone comes at you with a knife and you knock them unconscious then fine , if someone throw a punch at you and you smash their head that 's not fine . 
  if someone is smashing up your car you 'll get away with using some force to some them , for example grabbing them and restraining them . 
  you will not get away with beating them . 
  giving someone a broken nose is not a valid way to stop someone from vandalising your property . 
  if this guy was smart he 'd have videos the guy doing it , gone easy on him and held him there until the police arrived . 
  this would mean he 'd have his car fixed for him on a court order of payment by the guy who did it , by hurting the guy so bad he 's put himself in a very bad situation instead . 
  seriously you are so many people on this subreddit are fucking retarded . 
  do you not get that this is n't about what is right and just it 's about how the law works . 
  slapping someone around is assault and battery , it does n't matter if you use an open hand or a fist . 
  none of this is what i think should happen , it 's what is likely to happen if this was taken to court . 
  courts look at everything in isolation , the guy may well have been stealing , they 're going to look at that matter entire separately . 
  this guy could be sentences for a assault and battery and that 's that . 
  fuck off , i 'm talking from experience here not some imaginary internet badass world like so many people are . 
  first off what the cops say , and what happens if the matter is taken to trial are completely different things . 
  cops actually understand this which is why they often turn a blind eye to stuff when they know someone was in the right yet know the courts are n't allowed to make that kind of judgement call . 
  if what you said was true there would be thousands of squatters all over the world who people can not move on without getting police involved because it would open themselves up to a law suit . 
  you only get away with this stuff because police tend to favour whoever they think is the good guy , and because criminals are rarely interested in pressing charges . 
  do n't think that judges will make the same kind of decisions . 
  except you 're not right . 
  if you could just use whatever force you wanted when someone was committing a crime we would n't have security guards facing charges for hurting people and people claiming squatters rights while the owners are powerless to move them until they have police present and an official eviction notice . 
   the scope and the availability of this defense depends on whether or not the arresting party was , in fact , a police officer or a private citizen . 
   in situations where a private person uses non-deadly force to arrest a suspect , the use of non-deadly force is justified if : 1 ) a felony was in fact committed , 2 ) the defendant reasonably believed that the person he was arresting committed it and , 3 ) the defendant used no more force than reasonably appeared necessary to bring about the arrest . 
  look at the wording , no court in the world will consider beating someone bloody to be `` no more force than reasonably appeared necessary to bring about the arrest . '', 
  i 've already stated that you can obstruct someone and hold them , if you wrestled them to the floor and pinned them til the police arrived you 'd have a fine defence , as soon as you start punching and kicking someone , especially if you break the skin you 're opening yourself up to charges . 
  you also have to consider what constitutes a felony .
