  i could have shat out a better article in less than 5 minutes . 
  i wonder how much he got paid to write this shit . 
  older british gentlemen holidaying in thailand without their family ? 
  they 're a sex tourist , i guarantee it . 
  did n't make the most of my time , did n't even make the most of my time doing nothing . 
  working life is stressful and infuriating at times . 
  now i really miss waking up and not only having nothing to do , but not experiencing the guilt of being a full grown adult who is n't using free time productively :( as an adult you 'll never be as carefree as you were during those long school holidays and immediately after leaving school . 
  as an adult if you 're working well you 've got to deal with the stress and irritation that comes from that , and if you 're not working society will judge you a failure and you 'll feel shitty about yourself regardless . 
  it 's lose-lose :(, 
  back then i used to get lost in video games or other hobbies for hours and it felt amazing . 
  now i can barely play a phone game for 20 minutes without that nagging sensation that you 're doing something bad . 
  there is some truth to the idea that if you 're not rich , or at least trying to get rich , you 're probably not suitable to be rich . 
   i always find it fascinating when someone says `` in europe '' and then follows it up with a singular . 
  in america there are no singulars anywhere . 
  you can literally drive 2 hours and be in an entirely different situation with the same amount of money and sometimes it 's as little as one hour away . 
  wtf do they put in the water in the us that makes so many of you so presumptive and ignorant ? 
  most of the people writing `` in europe '' are americans who went backpacking there once and think they know everything . 
  the irony is that there is vastly greater economic ( and cultural ) diversity across the europe continent than the whole of north america ( nevermind the us ) . 
   what should they know of england , who only england know ? 
  i do n't even recognise england any more frankly . 
  i swear a large chunk of the population reacted to multiculturalism by becoming a bunch of a tacky , shameless , ignorant morons . 
  that 's what happens when you have a large segment of the population whose national and civic pride was entirely conditioned on a racist superiority complex and xenophobia , and then wrestle that sense of superiority from them with progressive policy and a `` we 're all middle class now '' mentality without anything to replace it . 
  that population just gives up and becomes degenerate , revelling in their ignobility and shallowness . 
  as many see it : what 's the point in taking pride in your society and trying to hold your countrymen to high standards when you 've got to share it with a foreigner ? 
  have we forgotten that a mere decade before the `` pc nineties '' we had mainstream parties invoking the language of racial discrimination to win seats ? 
  did these opinions ever really go away ? 
  or were they merely silenced , their voices banished to quiet corners of pubs and living rooms . 
  these people see the country as already `` lost '' , so why bother with standards any more ? 
  just join the dismal brainless chatter . 
  watch x-factor and towie , sniff as much coke as you can afford at the weekend , take a holiday to majorca and take a shit on a sunbed ? 
  who cares any more . 
  we 've always had stupid people , but never before has british culture been so stupid . 
  britain used to be the gold standard in stoic moderation , we used to mock the excesses of both our american and european neighbours , now we 're no better and in many cases worse . 
  stupidity is power , intellect is weakness . 
  simplicity is truth , nuance is obscurantism . 
   i decree today that life, 
  is simply taking and not giving . 
  england is mine - it owes me a living, 
  the problem with `` rural england '' is that they have also abandoned the cause . 
  the way people there speak about the cities as if they were another country . 
  how protective they are of their little slice of england and are loath to share with others . 
  much of the countryside , especially in the south , has become little more than a gigantic roleplaying game for rich middle class conservatives who want to pretend it 's still 1959 . 
  nobody can like both ? 
  one pizza or kebab at day then . 
  or at least if they 're anything like i was at uni . 
  as a student i probably had the most time to bargain hunt that i 'll ever have in my life . 
  and what percentage of the things you consume are paid for in euros at some point ? 
  if a standardised `` official '' phonetic orthography for transcribing scottish dialects exists it does n't really matter because nobody knows it or uses it . 
  people just spell however most makes to them as a phonetic representation of their dialect . 
  there is of course records of how scots was spelt by scots speakers historically , but again , outside of some academics , people are n't aware of it . 
  the consistency of spelling on that sub , and more generally amongst scottish people , is purely due to social convention . 
  pretty sure as a uk citizen once you 're resident in the uk for 3 months again then you 're `` ordinarily resident '' . 
  day man , fighter of the night man . 
  - jaime joins the good guys , eventually reuniting with cersei to kill her . 
  - famine and pestilence come to king 's landing while the gang are doing stuff up north as snows fall over the red keep and the common folk are left without food or adequate shelter . 
  cersei responds with their typical short sighted bitchiness massacring the common folk and holing herself up in the red keep . 
  golden company used to keep the peace . 
  cersei and qyburn hatch up a plan to build their own army of the dead from all the dead peasants to help defend them when either the army of the dead or danys army come south . 
  - jon returns to winterfell with dany and the whole gang early in the first season . 
  epic reunion with sansa , ayra , bran and jon . 
  jon finds out his true heritage . 
  this will cause tension between jon and dany , who , while realising fate has brought the two targaryens together , also now realises that jon 's claim to the throne is stronger than hers , and she is n't sure how to deal with it . 
  - dany gets pregnant from the sex they had in the latest episode . 
  - cersei 's child dies in her womb after some of qyburn 's blood magic , only death may pay for life etc. 
  making her reach her final form of horrid cruelty . 
  without jaime or a child she is finally alone in the world and at her most terrible . 
  - epic battle for the north between all the living armies , except for those loyal to cersei , most expensive episode of the whole programme , dragon on ice dragon fighting , northmen , unsullied , the knights of the vale , dothraki , wildlings all fighting alongside each other . 
  they get their arses handed to them in the end and retreat to winterfell . 
  - bran ex machina : bran reveals to the true nature of the prophecy and the secret of defeating the night king . 
  explains how the lord of light , the children of the forest , and the first men all play their part in what 's happening . 
  - epic quest to fulfil final prophetic . 
  two dragon riders , dany and jon + a tag bunch of all your favourite characters go north to the land 's of always winter . 
  my guess : bran , jon , dany , arya , the hound , tormund , beric , brienne , jaime . 
  a large selection of major characters . 
  night king flies north to defend his keep that holds the secret of his power . 
  many major characters killed off fighting to finally vanquish the night king . 
  final battle between the gang of major characters . 
  dothraki 's witches prophecy fulfilled , sun rises in the west etc. 
  dany has a child . 
  - final act : with the night king vanquished the remnants return south to deal with cersei . 
  king 's landing looks different . 
  dark , ruined . 
  find cersei there with qyburn and perhaps euron , `` queen of the ashes '' with a legion of zombie warriors . 
  final battle for the living . 
  hounds kills the mountain , but dies from his wounds . 
  jaime ends it by stabbing cersei in the back just like how he killed the mad king . 
  either jon or dany crowned monarch of the seven kingdoms . 
  - death predictions : pretty much anyone could die this season , and i think we 'll be see lots of the character roles being killed . 
  bran is already dead in a sense . 
  either ayra or sansa will die . 
  either jon or dany will die , but if dany only after having her child . 
  characters like brienne , podrick , gendry , theon , yara , varys all might die , but i doubt all of them will die and it 's too early to tell . 
  this mentality also leads to many trapped and repressed germans though too imo . 
  here are some sayings for the germans : `` prudence does n't pay '' , `` he who dares wins '' . 
  if you 're not willing to risk then you 're not necessarily going to gain either . 
  of course you should act to minimise the risk in every venture you enter into , but that should n't stop you from venturing . 
  there are some very boring people sitting in cubicles in jobs they hate simply because they 've been brought up to expect disaster at every turn and fear what could happen if they made a change . 
  different cultures . 
  africa has culture dominated by both islam and quite militant strains of christianity , both of which put a heavy influence on cleanliness and public modesty . 
  colonies in africa had a lot of european conventions thrust upon them and whatever culture they had before colonisation was denigrated and supplanted by missionaries as best as they could .
