  ask the average 15 year old what music he listens to and he or she 'll show you all the generic stuff they 've got on their ipod . 
  when i was young virtually everyone was into some kind of scene . 
  we 'd go to indie record stores to check out new releases , people would wear band hoodies as legitimate fashion items . 
  the worst thing you could say about an artist was that they 'd sold out . 
  music in the past was just less formulaic . 
  i 'm just looking at the top 40 right now and it 's all so similar , everyone is using the same beats and styles because they work . 
  also there are tonnes of good artists with a cult like status , but they rarely break through to superstar level these days . 
  hell i like modern music , both the less popular and some of the really popular stuff . 
  it 's just simply that the market has changed , we 're incredibly unlikely to get another queen in the modern market . 
  it 's just no possible for someone to come from left of centre , blow away everyone 's preconceptions and reach super stardom in the modern market because the impetus from below , coming from the fans who 've adopted the music through word of mouth , just ca n't exist in this market . 
  when the big artist in the past like queen had a hit like bohemian rhapsody , people went crazy for it , nowadays you see the same impact with stuff like gangnam style , and it 's simply because in the past the types of people who 'd buy a record like bohemian rhapsody had no choice but to buy should they want to hear it often , nowadays they 'd listen to it on youtube , however the people who want to hear gangnam style will still buy it on itunes , mostly because they do n't know how to rip mp3s for free . 
  this is n't dae le wrong generation , 1 because i 'm not really part of this generation and 2 because i 'm just talking about the fact that the industry/market has changed since the 80s and 90s era , for both better and worse . 
  it 's silly to deny that things have n't changed , the internet changed both the music industry and youth culture massively and to think anything else is crazy if you ask me . 
  you 're saying that british was n't considered the defining culture of the us ? 
  you 're insane ? 
  you 're also saying that wasp culture was n't the elite class of america for a long time and being anything else could lead to your being subject to prejudice ? 
  you obviously do n't know any history . 
  the rest is just my personal impressions , i 'm the first to admit they 're probably bias or wrong but i just have the impression that americans look different from british people . 
  fact is , all those studies saying german or irish heritage is the most prominent in the us is from self-reported studies . 
  studies that looked only at records of immigrants show that german is possibly the most common by a small margin , with a huge number of people coming from britain , yet no self-reported studies reflect that as less and less people put down british-american on their census and simply put american . 
   no , the us has it 's own culture . 
  where did i deny that ? 
  and the biggest culture impact on the us was british culture . 
  i 've actually read the founding fathers on the matter and most of them held britain to be the culture they wanted to imitate , actually holding quite offensive opinions of the other european powers . 
  they were after all almost all of british backgrounds living in a british colony up until they decided to be independent . 
  also the wasp culture in the us stretched way further than the 1820s , even up until the mid 20th century virtually all the elite families were of anglo-saxon protestant descent , in much of america for a long time getting into a country club was hard enough as a catholic never mind a jew or non-white . 
  being of british , or at very least dutch or north german or scandinavian , descent was evidence of being of protestant stock , a prejudice that did n't end in the us until well into the 20th century . 
  hell even the kennedys , faced discrimination by high society only compensated by their wealth . 
  yes exactly genetic diversity , a mixed european heritage , which is why so many americans looks more like mainland europeans than simply british . 
  as for british people being unattractive , fuck you and your childish stereotyping , i suppose the legions of nerds slavering over emma watson or whichever british actress is just complete nonsense . 
  i saw renditions of much ado about nothing and love 's labours lost that were hilarious . 
  it 's all in the delivery and physicality . 
  hey , maybe they 're not britain 's strongest points but handel ( he 's ours ) , purcell , elgar , britten , holst , parry . 
  english language opera always seemed to me most apt are capturing rather harrowing aesthetics , having an almost atonal quality . 
  for example . 
  [ purcell - what power art thou ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aryq4v3pw_c ), 
  [ britten - dirge ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4lis4yvldoc&amp;t=4m54s ), 
  the more you know !, 
  alright buddy , no need to be like that , you 've got your opinions and i 've got mine . 
  i think many of your points are moot , i really do n't believe that the internet functions as you say it does , as when everything is available you 're just a single voice in sea of exposure , building up a following through word of mouth was a different process.where is the citation for your point of view anyway ? 
  i thought we were having a discussion not submitting a paper . 
   people over 25 have historically not been big purchasers of music , because the overwhelming majority of people quit taking time to look for new music , their brain changes so that new sounds are less appealing to them and they have less time to do so , this has been true since at least the late 50s . 
  : source required : where 's your peer reviewed neurological study ? 
  but even if its true that people over 25 buy less music , i 'm pretty sure even less buy it than before , and also less in the 18-25 age group too who have always been a major trend setting demographic . 
   if queen came out today they would a. experience no trouble because of their name , and b. still reach a huge audience but freddie mercury had one of the most impressive voices of all time and this assumption that todays music listener cant appreciate talent has no basis in fact . 
  i beg to differ . 
  also it 's a well known fact that queen were called unplayable by radio stations for not fitting the radio friendly format , the length of the album is irrelevant , and what underground prog rock bands were doing is also irrelevant . 
  anyway get off your high horse chap , you sound really pompous . 
  your hearsay is no more valid than mine , so keep your internet warrior attitude to yourself . 
  leave the fishheads out of this . 
   id rather be on my horse in reality where the music thats getting recognized as the best is the best than on your horse where everyone but you is a tasteless robot consuming whatever is placed in front of them without thinking about it or having an opinion of their own . 
  yes , because i said that , i mean i literally think that . 
  i did n't say that i like modern music and do n't care about the changes but at least acknowledge that the market and culture has changed . 
   well known fact by whom ? 
  there second album charted and their third was a smash , their first was track for track shorter than many of the `` underground '' prog rock bands , who are relevant because they were dominating music sales that year . 
  ( the who , pink floyd and david bowie are pretty underground hurr hurr ) . 
  [ it 's just well known ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/bohemian_rhapsody#release ), 
   i sound really pompous ? 
  you sound really pompous , `` oh one of the most talented and highest selling recording acts of all time would barely get noticed today because sheeple just consume whatever the music industry gives them without thinking about it , not like back in the day '' . 
  yeah because that 's exactly what i said . 
  i was n't simply stating that the music industry has changed and that the truly great music does n't break into the mainstream like it did in those days . 
  i clearly said they 'd barely be noticed and that people are `` sheeple '' . 
   also it was 33 , my bad :, 
  alt press , never heard of that peer reviewed neurological journal . 
  seriously fuckwit , let it go , you seem so angered by the fact someone 's opinion differs from you , you must be a really wound up intolerant type . 
  walk away from the keyboard , have a cup of tea or something , does it really fucking matter to you what i think ? 
  i do n't agree with you and you do n't agree with me ? 
  why is n't that enough , must your life be an endless struggle for some type of objective notion of correctness and consensus , give it a fucking rest . 
  hail skeltal , surely strong bones and healthy teeth will follow you all the days of your life . 
  mate , go away , read a book , do something else , this is getting pathetic , you 're an adult . 
  i 'm not going to sit here are argue the toss over how you choose to interpret what i said . 
  needless to say , i disagree , what you said is nothing like what i said , could n't be further from it , i 'm simply acknowledging that industry , market and culture have changed . 
  now do n't you have something better to do with your life ? 
  fischkopf , slur for a hamburger ( one from hamburg ), 
  lol you smug cunt . 
  i 'll let you go back to winning imaginary internet points , tallying your internet argument victories , and getting mad because someone is wrong on the internet . 
  there are a million and one opinions on the music industry and how it 's changed , do n't act like it 's cut and dry , just go argue with someone else kiddo . 
  american cops repeat shoot to kill mantras to themselves like liturgies in order to absolve themselves from the responsibility of taking another human 's life . 
  the perspective of american cops is that it 's not worth risking your life over someone who is failing to comply with your orders . 
  that 's why people get shot for simple things like not taking their hands out of their pockets , reaching for the their driving licence at the wrong time , whittling a piece of a wood in the street with the knife whilst being deaf . 
  in the minds of american cops danger lurks in every nook and cranny . 
  honestly i think it 's a cultural problem , not only are they driven by fear as endless horror stories come out of the media ( i mean seriously some americans would arm school teachers ) but also they do n't see it as a responsibility of the police , who are meant to protect the public , to take personal risk to their safety . 
  police in many countries are n't allowed to use their guns unless they see someone behaving dangerously with a deadly weapon posing a real threat to human life , whilst in the us minor dangers like someone keeping their hands too near their waist can get one shot . 
  it 's fucked up in the extreme . 
  this is the problem with the american way of thinking though . 
  just because something happens once then it becomes ever present in the american mindset and nothing can be the same again . 
  just compare the ira attacks in the uk , with terrorist attacks in the us . 
  the british mentality towards terrorist attacks is not to be phased , ignore it , head up and carry on as normal . 
  that way the terrorists are thwarted because they do not achieve the impact they want to , you have to acknowledge that even though something terrible happened , for every one of these terrible things there are millions of instances with just ordinary people . 
  america strikes me as reactionary , if a cop gets killed then everyone is a potential cop killer , if a plane gets hijacked then everyone is a potential plane hijacker , it just seems like a wrong headed way to approach these things . 
  alright , almost having a quality that is suited to atonality . 
  fair that explains it . 
  but really if we looked at the risk how many cops actually get killed on the job ? 
  i bet it 's one in many thousands . 
  the problem is that when you allow fearmongering it becomes prone to circular logic , the idea that the reasons only one in many thousands of cops are killed on the job is because of liberal use of deadly force , and then it 's an unstoppable virus . 
  frankly i believe in de-escalation , which is why other countries have so few shootings and police murdered . 
  in reality when police do n't carry guns , or carry them but use them incredibly infrequently , criminals also become less inclined to use deadly force . 
  also when the populace are n't armed , people are n't inclined to use deadly force either . 
  a house breaker in europe can will not arm themselves since it would only result in a far harsher penalty if they were caught . 
  they may well beat up the homeowner , but they 'd be would n't be likely to shoot the homeowner since the probability of the home owner being armed and using deadly force against them is virtually nil .
