  they 'd be doing what what would ancestors in the last few hundred years did but they 'd have the cheat sheet with them , they 'd simply have to figure out the how and the why , the what would be given for free . 
  also they 'd recover the know how of oil mining through repeated attempts and failures . 
  all these things , however , immensely sped up by the examples of superior technology they 'd have to build upon . 
  the thing is that the mining operation you 're working on is the product of thousands of lifetimes of effort and thought dedicated to the process . 
  look at a modern oil rig , we can only build that oil rig because for every part of that oil rig 1000 smart people probably spent their whole lives dedicated to perfecting it . 
  we have generations of people , not dedicated to oil rigs , but generations dedicated to the structural integrity , some dedicated to the drilling process , others dedicated to the pumping process , nowadays it 's so extreme that you can make a good living by specialising in some tiny minutiae of the process . 
  look at the renaissance , society had regressed to the point where most people living in houses made of a shit and twigs weaved together . 
  then they recovered roman and greek culture and in a few hundred years they were building cathedrals 300 ft high . 
  now imagine they found libraries full of modern engineering principles and natural science , it would be the same process but on steroids . 
  i think people are being entirely too pessimistic about this scenario . 
  of course the immediate fall out would be apocalyptic , but given 100-200 year i reckon we 'd be right back where we are today . 
  we old folk are just karma whores through and through . 
  yes , fish , and plankton . 
  and sea greens , and protein from the sea . 
  personally i think after the dust settled the scarcity and horror of the post apocalyptic world would make them much quicker learners and better guiders than we are today . 
  for example , the combustion engine , i think these hypothetical kids , whose lives would depend on the reclamation of technology would much faster to master and recreate it than would say , a bunch of grad students you tasked to do that today , despite their academic knowledge . 
  tbf i 've lived in germany for 2 years , i could tell you all about the grammar , how to form conditionals , which declension to use with which preposition , still barely a day goes by where someone says something and i 'll just stare blankly , say `` nochmal '' and then after not understanding it i 'll just have to guess . 
  this language is a shit !, 
  gaming is a billion dollar industry . 
  it 's ridiculous how bad the media around it is . 
  it simply has n't caught up with the size of the actual market in terms of professionalism and ethics . 
  i think it 's fair to say that gaming journalism , something that influences that sales of this billion dollar industry , is a relatively important topic . 
  it 's an accent from south dublin , where a lot of rich irish townies live . 
  to me it sounds like an irish person who 's watched too much american television . 
  i think it stemmed from wealthy irish land owners who spoke what they perceived as a more refined irish accent that softened from of the harsher elements many irish accent contain . 
  a good example might be moriarty from the sherlock series . 
  that 's just totally unrealistic . 
  there are already 15 year old kids living and working in agrarian societies around the world . 
  people living in remote parts of the world would be much less affected than people living in developed countries and urban environments . 
   really , if you got rid of 5 % of the population , if they were the right 5 % , the other 95 % would stand almost no chance of survival . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  while it would be a cataclysmic event , and a huge % of the population would , the idea that humanity would be wiped out just because social order broke down fundamentally underestimates humanities survival capacities . 
  once the malthusian balance was restored , we would simply revert to the ways in which humanity survived hundreds of years ago before the advent of the technology and capacities that we lost . 
  when it comes to survival , being 15 is practically ancient , imo it 's the bias of modern society that makes you think 15 year olds are somehow less competent in a primitive survival environment . 
  hell , back when people lived that way 15 was practically middle aged . 
  sure , and most the younger kids would die very quickly , but the point is that remains that young teenagers have the survival instincts and basic human ingenuity to solve problems like getting food because they 're hungry , getting water because they 're thirsty , boiling the water because it 's killing them and so forth . 
  there 's no way this would be an extinction event . 
  if it were everyone over the age of 5 or something , then maybe it would be , because possibly the 5 year old would die without anyone with the faculties to survive , 5 year olds are n't designed to fend for themselves , however as far as nature if concerned anyone who is into puberty is an adult , and in a post apocalyptic environment it does n't make much difference if you 're 15 or 40 . 
  i 'm 30 , and as a 30 year old i think i 'd have no more advantages in a post-apocalyptic survivalist world than a 15 year old . 
  honestly , i think the 15 year old might do better than i because they 'd be less adjusted to modern society and more full of energy and life , i 'd be more inclined to just lie down and die while the young kids would adapt better to the new situation and have stronger survival urges . 
  this thread is full of expressions of our modern beliefs about how stupid and incompetent teenagers are , however , i think this is just a prejudice of modern society . 
  in modern society the benefits of age are many , because it takes those adult years to learn how to thrive within our knowledge based modern culture . 
  my point is that all the evidence from history tells us this was not the case in the past . 
  there were 15 year old in athens already participating in the politics of the city . 
  in a tribal society the 15 year olds would be amongst the best hunters due to their youth and stamina . 
  if we 're returning to a primitive survival society i do n't think it makes any difference if it 's everyone over 15 who dies for everyone over 30 , either way we 're returning to that primitive instinctual level of society , and in that world the difference between being 15 and 30 is n't that great . 
  ( ofc 30 year olds in primitive societies do have advantage but that 's because they have a lifetime of experience of living in that primitive society , which 30 year old who grew up in modern society would not ) . 
  in fact , the whole concept of teenager , with the stereotypes of laziness , irresponsibility , and ineptness , is really a product of modern society . 
  in earlier times you went from being a child to being an adult very rapidly at the age of sexual maturity ( 13-14 ) . 
  and the harsh realities of that period meant that young people of these ages did n't have the luxuries of being `` teenagers '' in the sense we conceive of them . 
  no such concept existed before about 100 years ago , and in this post apocalyptic world hose harsh realities would return . 
  the consequences of this hypothetical event ( a huge % of the population dying to an illness ) would be more or less the same regardless of the age of people affected . 
  it would mean the total breakdown of society , and huge number of deaths from starvation , conflict , and illness . 
  truly , if anything , i think the youth being unaffected by it would if anything reduce the probability of an extinction event , due to a larger percent of those who remain when the dust settles being of fertile breeding age compared to a random cross section of the current population . 
  tl ; dr there 's very few inherent natural disadvantages to being a teenager in a primitive survival culture , especially with no older people around to challenge them . 
  lol , because starving africans are clearly in that situation because they turn down offers of free shit all the time . 
  people are just queuing up to build them houses and give them food and money , and they just keep saying `` no , we 're fine , i 'm good bathing in shit and sleeping in a tent '' . 
  as someone with a 1st class ba hon from warwick , i can confirm that if that 's all you have then you know jack shit . 
  i also highly doubt it would make much difference if the ba was from oxford either , bachelor 's degrees are just not specialised enough to make you expert in anything . 
  all it shows is that you 've done the broader ground work needed to go on to become an expert in something with more study . 
  to achieve this all you need either an ma + research experience or a phd . 
  if op has that why is n't he posting it . 
  not wanting to sound overly cynical , but i only got a 1st because i 'm good at revision and `` no lifed '' much of my final year stoned in my bedroom . 
  i did n't have a very good overall grasp of my field of study and focussed entirely on the material that would come up in exams or coursework . 
  plenty of people did n't get 1st class degree who loved the subject far more than i and probably deserved them more than i did . 
  for me study was just a job and after study was over the last thing i wanted to do was talk about my subject . 
  back on topic , i have no problem with this , but it would probably be better as a casual iama or something , and op should refrain from calling himself an expert . 
  i do n't know what will change in my 30s because i 'm only just there . 
  however , i know when i was in my 20s i really believed that i would simply find my way into doing something awesome . 
  that 's what you did right ? 
  you studied , got a good degree , and then something would be desperate to give you a big salary and an important job to do that would also be amazingly fun and interesting . 
  sadly that does n't happen . 
  yeah , ron just has a more immature way of speaking , whereas emma 's is more like how an adult would speak because she 's brainy . 
  they 're both pretty middle class . 
  chav is a term for a lower class male , typically white , who engages in anti-social behaviour . 
  cockney is a working class accent specific to london . 
  there 's no shame in being a cockney , plenty of good people are cockneys ( plenty of cunts too though ) , but being labelled a chav is an insult . 
  you do have an accent , it 's just a very boring general american one . 
  it 's a matter of taste . 
  i think bleached white teeth look wrong . 
  it immediately makes me think that person is american if they 're blindingly white . 
  sure they should n't be yellow , but a nice unobtrusive off white is the natural and best looking colour for teeth imo . 
  no it was n't . 
  there is no objective measure of how `` close '' two dialects are . 
  british english preserves conservative forms americans lost , and american english preserves conservative forms britons lost . 
  that 's about all you can say . 
  i agree , when i come back to england and open up tinder i 'm always shocked at how slim the picking there are . 
  i think it 's more to do with how terrible most english women are at making themselves attractive . 
  even relative hotties often ruin themselves with terrible eyebrows , fake lashes , and unnatural tones . 
  henry higgins speaks beautifully , that 's the point . 
  it 's eliza doolittle who ca n't speak properly . 
  to get their money unsurprisingly . 
  the other guy already nailed it . 
  imagine how a deep south accent sounds to most americans , that 's how ordinary american accents sound to us . 
  it 's not that we think you sound stupid , it 's just you do n't sound intelligent to us , you can sound anything between neutral and stupid . 
  ofc if you start saying eloquent and intelligent things we 'll soon realise that you 're not dumb , but the initial impression wo n't assume that . 
  thing that stick out the most are the way pronounce all the letter r 's as in car , that - r sound really rings out and can be heard for miles and is very distinctively american ( other places pronounce the - r in the uk and ireland , but it 's not the same ) , the way you say budder instead of butter , the way vowels merge like calm and com , or caught or cot . 
  also your pronunciations tend to be more phonetic , pronouncing all the letters in some fashion or the other , whereas british pronunciations tend to shorten words e , g mandatory = mandutree, 
  that would be crazy indeed !, 
  this sounds like a welsh accent to me , not the deep valleys accent but one of the less pronounced ones .
