  the fact that the french do not have a traditional word for medium rare should really tell you something about this dumb trend , and the english words are meant to align with them , not constantly shift to balance a pretence of sophistication with a concealed dislike of lightly cooked meat . 
  `` it 's true !, 
  cooked carrots have more sugar ! '', 
  continues to eat raw carrot lathered with cheese dip , houmous and sour cream . 
  it was a joke . 
  a classic bit of fat logic . 
  raw carrots are healthier therefore it 's ok to smother them in high calorie dip . 
  when you employ fat logic then anything is possible . 
  if the farmers are eating breakfast as 10am they 're pretty shit farmers i would think . 
  farmers are meant to eat breakfast at 5am , what you 're talking about it more like elevenses . 
  that 's just the opinion of classically trained chefs the world over . 
  medium rare is n't a thing . 
  however suggesting everyone secretly wants their steaks more cooked than they claim is retarded . 
  medium rare used to be just called medium , but idiots want to appear more sophisticated , that 's it . 
  it 's not a matter of temperature . 
  it 's that it 's built on the french system . 
  \u00e0 point is meant to be called medium in english as it was traditionally . 
  however now because of people not wanting to say medium they say medium rare , so it fucks the whole system because you do n't know if someone is using the traditional system or the modern idiot system . 
  this is why classical chef 's hate it , because it 's perverted the traditional french system and made it ambiguous to whether someone actually wants their steak \u00e0 point or demi-anglais if they say medium , and whether they want it \u00e0 point if they say medium rare or something like entre saignant et \u00e0 point ( which is n't really a thing ) . 
  it might be in america where most would n't know a proper steak from a ham sandwich . 
  saying medium rare in europe is decidedly low class . 
  in german they 've even made a new word for `` medium rare '' which is `` englisch '' since this phenomena comes from the english speaking world . 
  classical french is the final arbiter on this because they invented the system and it 's just logical that the world follows the system that 's been there first since it 's entirely arbitrary which words we use anyway . 
  reinventing it was entirely unnecessary since `` medium '' used to mean exactly the same as what people say when they say `` medium are '' . 
  idiots just think rare sound more sophisticated so they say `` medium rare '' to try appear cultured when in fact they do n't want a bloody steak and would be grossed out by such a thing . 
  medium rare is the worst kind of pretension because it does n't even do pretentiousness properly , it 's just idiots going off what they `` think '' is classy , like saying serviette instead of napkin . 
  this has nothing to do with temperature dumb ass , what do n't you get about it . 
  the temperate when you use medium rare in the modern meaning is the same as the temperature you used to use for medium in the old system . 
  the words used do not impact how you cook the steak . 
  either way you 'll get your steak cooked at between 55 and 60 degrees provided you 're on the same page . 
  the stupidity is taxological . 
  why use a different name when there is already a perfectly good word for the same thing . 
  now because of the invention of new words even [ wikipedia articles ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/beefsteak#degree_of_cooking ) ca n't agree whether medium rare means \u00e0 point or entre saignant et \u00e0 point . 
  compare that with http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temperature_ ( meat ) . 
  one says medium rare = \u00e0 point , the other says medium = \u00e0 point . 
  it muddies the waters by fucking up the system and how it aligns internationally , it 's confusing for the fucking chefs regarding what people actually want and that 's why it 's a shit thing , and increases the likelihood of you getting a steak not cooked the way you want consequentially . 
  jacques pepin and co have to use terms like medium rare when talking to an american audience because that 's what they understand , you can be sure as hell they would n't be if they were talking to a french audience . 
  i 'm not sure why you think what you are saying is at all relevant . 
  do n't you see that this pretentious change will fuck up your steak ordering too ? 
  you say you like your steaks cooked at 132 degrees fahrenheit . 
  that 's why i 'd call a slightly underdone \u00e0 point steak , or entre saignant et \u00e0 point . 
  fine , now imagine you come to my restaurant and say i want a `` medium rare '' steak , so if i followed the guidelines from the united states department of agriculture i 'd think `` ah he wants an \u00e0 point steak '' so i might cook your steak at 140 degrees or just under and you 'd think `` hmmm that steak was slightly overdone '' . 
  however i 'd still be giving you what you asked for according to all official american guidelines . 
  of course `` medium rare '' , or `` somewhere between medium and rare '' * should * mean a steak cooked around 132 , but because of people saying `` i want medium rare '' when really they want \u00e0 point but think that medium sounds less sophisticated , it 's changed the bloody meaning of the word . 
  so you 're getting fucked , chefs are getting fucked and having their jobs made harder , all because fad stemming from some idiots who like the sound of `` medium rare '' more than medium . 
  if you want a steak done the way you like now you 'll have to ask for rare-medium-rare , or between between rare and medium rare , which is frankly ridiculous . 
  look at the links i gave you more closely http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/temperature_ ( meat ) . 
  \u00e0 point = 130-140 . \u00e0 point is typically 135-140 i would argue . 
  which is why what you want at 132 is truly medium rare but most people would call that rare not medium rare if you served it them as a steakhouse . 
  haha yeah . 
  overly is regarded as superfluous when a good old fashioned `` too '' would do . 
  that said it 's an old english word , just one that fell out of fashion in the uk like gotten , but i guess it can be forgiven and i will admit i have used it occasionally . 
  yeah that guy is smoking crack imo . 
  but you can see it 's a fuck-fest . 
  i guess i do n't really dislike the term medium rare itself in principle , but more the fashion of people who used to be happy to say `` i want a medium steak '' to now say `` i want a medium-rare '' steak and then complain when what they get is n't as cooked as they like it . 
  i mean there 's a good reason why an \u00e0 point steak can also be called anglais , because imo that 's how most of the english world would prefer it . 
  if you like your steaks around 130 then imo you 're using medium rare correctly , but if you did that consistently in a restaurant when people asked for medium rare i reckon you 'd get loads of send backs on the grounds of it being `` too rare '' . 
  perhaps ... 
  yeah i guess you 're correct . 
  still i 'd prefer we kept the french traditions simply because they 're traditional . 
  you seem like a cool guy sorry for calling you a cunt and a dumbass xd, 
  houmous is the traditional british spelling . 
  huh ? 
  love that last image . 
  the battle of canfield drive mcdonalds . 
  may the songs of their bravery be sung til the end of time . 
  pull the other one . 
  richard hammond 's brummie accent is barely noticeable . 
  he went to public school after all . 
  i 've spent a lot of time around birmingham and i 'd say that the average brummie sounds like jasper carrot someone who grew up in real birmingham , rather than the bad yam yam monotonous drone everyone does under the belief that 's birmingham . 
  what a stupid comment . 
  25 years ago there was a war on drugs in the us . 
  there is no war on drugs in europe , at least not on weed . 
  police are n't out to bust weed dealers particularly , unless you 're making some serious money . 
  it 's simply that mainland europe does n't have such a fixation with weed . 
  there 's no big urge to legalise because it 's perceived as something teenagers and students do but lose interest in once they 're more adult . 
  nobody could give 2 shits if you like a smoke it at home , but it 's completely socially unacceptable to smoke around people in public . 
  that was n't even making fun of the irish , it was just a shit video ? 
  except some pubs are posh and some bars are dives . 
  you can tell the difference though . 
  a pub is an old fashioned drinking establishment . 
  it might not actually be old but it has an element of tradition to it . 
  it could be anything from a crack dealer infested hell whole full of urban youths and tattooed racists to a super fancy gastro pub with a whole restaurant section , outdoor seating with heaters , a water feature , and 12 different varieties of beer on tap ranging from fancy continental lagers to locally brewed ale . 
  not to mention a long wine list and cocktails available . 
  however your bars tend to leave the traditional britishness behind but could range from anything from your fashionable quasi-club bar with expensive drinks , loud music , local talent on the prowl , and atmospheric lighting ; to an inner city hole in the wall bar which may have the same drug dealers and tattooed racists but have a stickier floor than the nice bar and be even darker and dingier than the shitty pub even . 
  essentially it comes down to two things . 
  tradition and function . 
  pubs are more traditional regardless of whether they look like [ this fancy place ] ( http://www.blogcdn.com/www.mydaily.co.uk/media/2011/11/fox-and-rose.jpg ) or [ this abomination ] ( http://i306.photobucket.com/albums/nn249/yamahapaul/closed%20pubs/20081110_16.jpg ) . 
  bar 's are bars whether they look like this [ futuristic watering hole ] ( https://c1.staticflickr.com/3/2770/4497254670_36ae7a7ed2.jpg ) or some dingey hole [ like this ] ( http://www.riderzlaw.com/images/little_knight.jpg ) . 
  the difference is i think people use fancy pubs to have a chat in a relaxing atmosphere at any time of day , and alcoholics with no friends use shitty pubs to at all times of day to have some element of a social life , fancy bars are more for getting drunk in the evenings and dive bars are for alcoholics to go to nocturnally to increase their odds of meeting people other than the locals they see everyday in the pub . 
  bars to tend to be the places that are n't clubs but are open til like 3am and closed in the day , and pubs tend to be open from around 11-12am but close 12-1am, 
  ultimately i 'd take a date to a fancy bar or a fancy pub , but i would n't want to take her to a shitty pub or shitty bar ever . 
  euro-damn commie ... 
  your vowels offend me . 
  you want some ointment for that butthurt . 
  bit of a different answer since i was a kid but young enough remember when there was no internet . 
  the first i heard about it was probably when i was 6-7 years old when they first put email addresses on television programmes , was the start of many average people 's understanding of it . 
  i also remember how the television people having to read out these email address thingys could n't conceal seeming rather awkward and sceptical , how most people who were n't into technology stuff thought it was just a fad , i do n't remember gradually how they gradually became ubiquitous . 
  i remember when there was a annoying habit of people on television calling post `` snail mail '' mockingly and it seemed rather arrogant of them since at that point post people were n't using email . 
  relatedly i remember how the image that using computers for anything other than games most invoked in my was that of dennis nedry .
