  do you want to be sued ? 
  the woman is n't doing anything extremely illegal , there are protocols to be followed when dealing with crazies , if she were attacking someone it would be a different story . 
  haha that guy got ripped to shreds by those witty irish folk . 
  ( i know irish people are witty because great-grandpa went to dublin once , thus making me 1/32 irish ), 
  err ... who wants a bird that needs a toup\u00e9e ? 
  lived in munich for a year , people can be very serious here , they consider themselves a bit more stylish and classy than other germans because of the more southern influence and affluence . 
  then again people are n't that bad . 
  beer gardens are very friendly . 
  funny , the topic of food seems to be bizarrely nationalist , for example , mix ketchup and mayo , put corn on pizza , or call a chicken burger a chicken burger and people flip their shit . 
  remember , according to americans spain is only a few % white , because people who have 100 % or almost 100 % spanish ancestry at not considered white there . 
  i 'm sorry but no , you are the lowest of the low , second life is n't a game , it 's a social simulator for some the strangest people in the world . 
  i have some respect for these eve players who want to get good at a game , to take on a mental challenge , but second life is just wrong on so many levels . 
  everything you 've achieved there you could have done in real life . 
  [ this pretty much sums up second life ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ql_1nmov2my ), 
  you can sell those items on websites for real world money . 
  that 's exactly what they 've done and it 's lost them millions of subscribers . 
  if you 've not played before its worth doing so now , the game will tell you what to do so much these days its almost like playing a solo gaming experience . 
  i think stuff like this is the future of gaming , like multi-level games where you have many different types of games going on . 
  for example you could have 4 types of game in one , one is a planetside style fps / vehicle game : securing positions , fighting with other player , piloting vehicles . 
  one is a bit like top down strategy style game : mining resources building structures to defend and spawn units , giving orders to troops on the ground and providing intel for your units , one is an eve like star faring game : engaging in intergalactic warfare , customising and improving your ship and mining resources in space , and one is some kind of intergalactic version of civilisation or something , building new settlement , moving resources , around the world , making treaties and declaring war . 
  except its one big integrated game with different types of player playing different roles . 
  it might not happen tomorrow but hopefully this is how i can spend my retirement . 
  i mean there 's so much one could do in a game universe like this . 
  hundreds of specialisations one could take , you could be infantry , artillery , a medic , an engineer , an infiltrator , drive a tank or other land vehicle , pilot an atmospheric vehicle , a fighter , a bomber or a transport . 
  or you could specialise as a commander defending or acquiring territory , maximising resources , coordinating strategies , controlling spawns and defining class composition . 
  or you could pilot a small fighter ship in a squadron in space , or pilot a gigantic intergalactic transport moving resources and units around the galaxy . 
  or you could essentially join the government , managing your small part of the galaxy until you gained further experience and acclaim until you 're the leader of an entire galactic faction that might encompass tens of thousands of players . 
  one can dream i guess . 
  well i think you 're promoting a dangerous outlook . 
  drugs like methylone and mephedrone ( the original bath salts ) we nowhere near as dangerous or harmful as methamphetamine in my opinion . 
  the were massively popular here in the uk for a time and we 've seen nothing like the social problems caused by methamphetamine in other parts of the world . 
  methamphetamine is a well known massively dangerous drug that is incredibly harmful , however most bath salts are n't as dangerous or as harmful , although a few may be . 
  the difference is that we simply do n't know when it comes to bath salts , but that 's not reason to assume most the chemicals in bath salts are worse than methamphetamine which your post kind of suggests . 
  just because something is known harm does n't mean it 's any better really . 
  drugs like methamphetamine and heroin are clearly more socially damaging , otherwise we 'd have seen a much greater impact since the advent of designer drugs . 
  not sure cocktail/marie rose sauce is a thing in the us , many americans i 've spoken to reacted in disgust at the thought of ketchup and mayonnaise touching . 
  yeah of course , but i 'm yet to see an mmo that did n't have some kind of blackmarket trade in exchanging in game items for real money , or exchanging real world money for in game currency . 
  yeah that does look like the general idea it but also pretty basic , i 'm thinking more along the lines of something of an unprecedented scale , an immense multilayer mmo . 
  maybe one day . 
  clearly he is rolling in it, 
  life goals achieved . 
  yeah i know , i tried it once but i could n't make myself like it . 
  the biggest thing that put me off was the way you just seemed to programme your ship to move around , i need a game where you fly around piloting manually but that 's just not eve . 
  not the case in some parts of the world . 
  this is more of an american mantra . 
  i live in a country where guns are heavily controlled and criminals still get illegal weapons but not in any significant quantity to make it a serious threat to society , furthermore most criminals are reluctant to arm themselves except for a specific purpose ( armed robbery , fighting with another armed gang ) because they do n't generally need to . 
  all in all the levels of shootings per year here are in the dozens rather than the thousands . 
  insecure much ? 
  where did i say anything about america in that statement ? 
  i was merely stating the facts . 
  in my country there are x4 fewer murders , and something like x 70 less murders involving firearms . 
  i did n't say `` and america should be exactly the same '' . 
  i was merely stating why i agree with bans on gun ownership in my country , because it works really well here . 
  the danger to my life is significantly decreased . 
  i was also rebutting the suggestion that just because some criminals will inevitable get guns even in a society that that bans/controls them , that therefore we gun control does n't work . 
  gun control may still not work in the us for some further reasons , but that fact alone is insufficient . 
  oh right , i meant equivalent , we 're all human . 
  i have a job which i enjoy and involves meeting new people and leaving the house thankfully . 
  it 's always a thing , wow gold , isk , lindons or whatever they 're called . 
  i think second life actually supported though . 
  well enough to know the second life is where healthy social interaction goes to die . 
  britbong , everything he makes is hilarious, 
  ah yes american news , the women just keep getting hotter , the graphics flashier , and the content more facile . 
  god that voice is just the worst . 
  whenever i hear it i know the show will be dumbed down with far too many edits . 
   a comparatively subtle [ \u0251 ] / [ \u0252 ] distinction, 
  that does n't really make sense . 
  i do n't know any american accent with / \u0252 / . 
  what you 're talking about is a subtle distinction between the caught vowel and cot vowel , it does n't make sense to say these phonetics have changed . 
  i find [ this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yq2gfuco-xga ) to be a fascinating sample of both an old fashioned mid 20th century west coast american accent and british rp . 
  the interviewer always struck me as sounding a bit like the voice over to the original twilight zone . 
  do you have an audio example ? 
  it seems shocking to me that an american would use / \u0252 / , it 's not something i 've ever noticed . 
  lmeo, 
  ok thanks that 's interesting . 
  as an rp speaker it all sounds like [ \u0251 ] to me , but if i listen carefully i can hear the distinction you 're making . 
  [ what do you think was in that danish ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2ld7lzaehmo ), 
  the american newscaster accent is just awful : / why would that become the national standard . 
  honestly this seems like a clear case of mental illness . 
  she should not be looking after the children . 
  that attitude of yours seems pretty neckbeardy to me . 
  17 and you have read dostoyevsky ? 
  who the fuck cares . 
  25 and you have read dostoyevsky ? 
  who the fuck cares . 
  great - so what do you do ? 
  clearly because all people care about money as they grow older . 
  that 's complete bullshit . 
  intelligence never stops mattering , but it 's not measured in which books you 've read , which qualifications you have , nor in what job you have ( unless you 're one of those arseholes ) . 
  what you should ask is what kind of person are you . 
  intelligent ? 
  interesting ? 
  experienced ? 
  socially well rounded ? 
  comfortable in your own skin ? 
  happy with your direction in life ? 
  nice guys seem to all have unwarranted opinions of themselves , maybe because they 're leet gamers or think they 're hyper intelligent , and they all seem to have a strange idea of exceptionalism , everyone else is wrong for not acknowledging their high social standing . 
  because of this they never seem like people who accept criticism or be critical of themselves and therefore people who wo n't grow as individuals , which is highly unattractive . 
  they 're egoists who measure everything in quantities , what job , what book , what car ?
