   and you know who my friends and acquaintances are ? 
  well that puts any kind of view that you think they are n't representative firmly in the bin where it belongs . 
  `` in the bin '' mate ? 
  how old are you ? 
  firstly nobody knows circle of acquaintance is `` representative '' , that 's not how this works , you 'd need to know thousands of people to achieve a truely representative sample . 
  the reality is that most brexiteers remain brexiteers , and most remainers remain remainers . 
  your belief that most remainers think that a 2nd referendum would be anti-democratic is pure nonsense . 
  most remainers think a 2nd referendum would be more democratic , how can more democracy be anti-democratic , and if it is , we had a referendum in the 70s after all , and you anti-democratic brexiteers think it 's ok to overturn that mandate of the people . 
  that 's the thing about referendums , they only poll the opinion of the people at a given moment . 
  at least if we had a 2nd referendum and we voted to leave again we could settle once and for all the question of whether britain really has become a nation of jingoistic morons . 
  sadly i fear the stupid might have overrun our once great nation :( what with all the hysterical nonsense about european superstates and migrants stealing jobs that they believe . 
  the problem is that leaving is objectively retarded and will destroy britain making it nothing but a shadow of its former self . 
  before you cut someone 's legs off for nonsensical reasons it makes sense to check if that person is really certain about spending the rest of his life as an amputee . 
   a 2nd referendum just because you did n't like the outcome of the first is not democratic in the slightest . 
  it 's absolutely the definition of democracy . 
  this is not like a party who gets in for a finite amount of time and you get a another try in 4-5 years , it 's a nation shattering decision that was made by the most ignorant public in history and the most shameless lies being spread around . 
  before we ensure the end of the british union , the sliding of britain down the economic rankings to mid-tier economy , the demotion of britain from world great power to middle power , the collapse of our healthcare system etc. 
  we should probably check whether that 's what people really want , or whether they just voted to piss off the government and because they believe fantasy tales about european superstates , migrants reducing wages , more money for the nhs and so on . 
  there are plenty of ex-brexiteers who voted to leave because they thought it would be a laugh , a way to throw up two fingers to parliament and ze germans , who would now vote remain , now realising that if brexit goes ahead we 're going to be able to forget about it for at least 10 years and it 's going to dominate our lives in every news cycle as britain walks the tightrope of trying to repair relations with europe . 
  as the ramifications of brexit become clear it only makes sense to have another referendum before the 2 year countdown is up , one that will undoubtedly be more informed than the one back last june when many people had virtually no idea what the eu actually was asides a cartoon bad guy who was allegedly holding us down . 
  mate maybe you 'll now become aware of your horrendous cognitive bias . 
  you seem to be completely oblivious to the relationship between sign and signifier . 
  for example , you say things like :, 
   ask an englishmen to do the same , and they will say `` ka '' . 
  leaving the `` arr '' part off entirely . 
  without seeming to realise that you only think the word `` car '' makes that sound because that 's what you grew up and that 's what the rules for the prestige american dialect say it should make . 
  there is absolutely no objective reason why any letter , set of letters , or word should make any one particular sound . 
  i can tell you how american sounds `` wrong '' from a british perspective for example , and maybe that will show you how you opinion really is completely subjective . 
  look at these word groups :, 
  cot - caught, 
  mary - merry - marry, 
  calm - com, 
  these are all words that are both spelt and pronounced differently in most british dialects , yet in many american dialects , including prestige dialects ( the dialects spoken by the rich and educated ) , they are all homophones . 
  american english lacks the hard - t sound of british english ( and most germanic languages afaik ) , it also uses the same sounds for both - o and - au in many cases when in british english they are distinct sounds . 
  in this respect you could attempt say that for these words british english better reflects the written form , but even that would be mistake , as it fails to account for the fact that what we interpret letters to represent is entirely up to us . 
  letters and mouth sounds do n't get passed down from god defined immutably , they mean whatever we decide them to mean . 
  in english this is even more obvious there is n't even a consistent writing system that matches with phonology . 
  why does `` nation '' , in virtually all forms of the language , have a - sh sounds like that in `` shoot '' rather than - t as in `` baton '' ? 
  i 'm sure you 'd think someone who pronounced the - t in `` nation '' had an accent . 
  the way you perceive as `` correct '' or accentless is entirely a product of where you were born . 
   he cants complain that the machine does n't understand when he says `` numbah foe '' because it 's listening for an `` arr '' phoneme at the end . 
  when you render the british pronunciation as `` numbah foe '' you are actually doing something quite arrogant , which is assuming that it 's your pronunciation that matches the written form , and rendering the other accent with incorrect spelling , as if that pronunciation were somehow incorrect or less correct than you own dialect . 
  you need to realise that from our perspective it seems that we are saying `` number four '' and americans are saying something like `` numburrr farrrr '' . 
  if i wrote down an american accent that way you 'd get `` hi , wurrr having a parrrdee arn toosday , do ya warna come ularng ? '', 
  = `` hi , we 're having a party on tuesday , do you want to come along ? '' . 
  this is why we have the international phonetic alphabet as it allows us to represent sound accurately without no disagreement about what sound each letter is meant to represent . 
  now that you seem to have seen the errors of your ways , i suggest that , given the fact you were so certain there was an objectively `` right '' way to speak , and saw your own cultural norms as absolute objective reality , you should think about what other ways your thinking about the world could be influenced by cultural bias . 
  for example , what seems like a social faux pas in your culture might not objectively be the case . 
  what seems uncivilised or quaint to you might not be the case . 
  this is why travel is so important for broadening the mind , as it will make you realise how every culture is playing but its own rule set , and what might insult an american might be an act of friendship and familiarity in another culture . 
  mistaking the immaterial and arbitrary world of signification as the objective reality is mistake humans are extremely prone to , and your realising this could be a step for you towards understanding how much of your own reality is socially generated rather than objective fact . 
  that feeling when you realise that pronouncing - a in the way that is typical for - o is very normal in english . 
  americans do exactly the same an use their `` o '' sound after the - w in water , it just happens that the american `` o '' sound has become more like an - ah in that it 's unrounded , which makes it reminiscent of the - a americans use in loans words like milan and taco . 
   if you want to claim that americans have an accent , you are essentially saying that the british can not spell . 
  if they could , they would spell the word car k-a-h . 
  that 's not how it works . 
  the letters `` car '' make the sound you are attempting to render as `` kah '' under our rules . 
  under our rules it 's you who ca n't spell . 
  making the sound americans make in the word `` car '' would be akin to someone speaking your language pronouncing the - l in `` calm '' . 
  - l has a function in the word `` calm '' as it makes it pronounced differently from `` cam '' , but it does n't make the sound you associate with - l most of the time . 
  similarly in british english the - r in `` barn '' as a function as it tells us that the word is pronounced differently from `` ban '' , it simply does n't change the word accord to the rules of your own accent . 
  however , unlike calm , the way - r affects words in british english is highly consistent for the most part , so for us it really is a rule rather than an exception . 
  well zed is the older version that is used in most germanic languages so i do n't know why we should succumb to this new fangled fad :d, 
   is like grassroots , amateur , shit . 
  i feel the second comma is very important . 
  it 's disingenuous to call it a prank , and i ca n't help but think that the news agency has an agenda in doing so . 
  part of the whole `` look at what young people think is humorous these days , they must be monsters '' . 
  swatting is done by a small minority of people who at best plan to waste police resources and fuck up someone 's day , at worst actively hope that they can cause someone to be killed or injured by law enforcement . 
  the only suitable description of these people is criminals . 
  calling is a prank is missing the fact that a prank is meant to humorous in some way , even if its victim does n't find it funny . 
  the vast majority do n't find swatting funny . 
  brexiteers are desperate for le pen to win because they know without her there will be no `` collapse of the eu '' that they 've all been saying is just around the corne for over a decade now , and that without another country on side the uk is going to be up shit 's creek without a paddle in the negotiations . 
  and you do n't know commas evidently . 
  we need a subreddit for this shit . 
  why is n't this already a thing . 
  if it did n't have the common it would be standard ( adjective ) ( adjective ) ( noun ) . 
  with the 2nd comma it looks like a list of adjectives describing the types of porn made in germany . 
  it 's not really wrong it 's merely that normally you 'd have an `` and '' before the final adjective in a list . 
  not really . 
  every time the economy suffers people die . 
  it 's not like a economic recession actively kills people , but a downturn can make the difference in a number of border cases , usually involving the sick and elderly , and thus we see an upturn in the rate of pensioners and sick people dying that is correlated with an economic downturn . 
  how much food and heating such people can afford does make a difference , and if even if it just brings the death of people forward by a few weeks/months when compared to what would 've happened counterfactually , it 's still statistically significant . 
  no offence but that 's terrible advice . 
  let 's address why :, 
   learn to program, 
  this is good advice if that person discovers they are naturally suitable to the job , but you ca n't expect just anyone to take up programming . 
  it requires a certain type of person who can find enjoyment coding , it 's not for everyone who wants to make money . 
  better advice would be to try programming and to see if it appeals to you then learn to program . 
   learn a language, 
  this is just bad advice when it comes to careers . 
  there are relatively few jobs that require a language , so for most jobs speaking another language wo n't be a huge advantage . 
  if you 're going to use a language in a work capacity then you need to be highly proficient in that language , a conversational level is really not that practically useful and even achieving that can take years . 
  to reach proficiency i think you 're looking at 2-4 years for most people and that 's assuming a very high level of dedication . 
  even if you achieve a relatively decent level you could still end up losing out to immigrants and the children of immigrants who 've spoken that language since birth and will almost always have an edge over 2nd language speakers . 
  learning a language is harmful to no career , and in most careers it does improve a cv , but it 's not an effective strategy to directly improve career prospects . 
  learn a language because you want to learn a language , the career elements are just a bonus , if your goal is simply to earn more in your career there are more effective strategies . 
   take part time courses in management . 
  yeah , that 's not just as simple as it sounds . 
  getting accepted to qualifications requires an educational background . 
  additionally , not everyone wants to become an accountant .
