  someone who is suicidally depressed is not compos mentis . 
  this is the entire point of my argument . 
  someone who is suicidal when suffering immensely is still of sound mind . 
  however someone who has an otherwise good life available to them but is still suicidal is significantly mentally ill to the point of not being compos mentis and therefore unable to make rational decisions . 
  in many ways we are too guilty of treating depression like an illness someone is simply afflicted with , without realising that the illness itself and the individual are inherently tied together . 
  the logic is all wrong , but either way , if we treat depression like an aspect of the personality they are behaving irrationally and their decision is unjustifiable , if we treat it like an external affliction then they are suffering from a mental illness and allowing them to die is not different from allow a schizophrenic to kill themselves . 
  the argument that allows them assisted suicide is like trying to have your cake and eat it . 
  saying they are both rational and mentally ill just does n't make sense . 
  they are either a rational person behaving irrationally , or an mentally ill person incapable of rationality . 
  furthermore saying mental illness research is behind physical illness research is just silly . 
  it 's like neuroscience is behind biology . 
  neuroscience is no less advanced than biology because the emergence of different fields is nothing that are compared in that way not to mention one depending on the other . 
  if you ever hear that accent from like wrexham or somewhere like that they tend to sound like this , more farmer than valleys . 
  \u00f6ttinger is not good !, 
  more like flaschemob !, 
  it 'll do in a pinch i suppose . 
  the act of prostitution is legal but the industry around it is shady as fuck , thus why all the agencies work on the premise that you are merely paying for a girl 's presence and anything that happens is between you and her . 
  the girl saying i 'm here for the sex might be enough to convict the agency of pimping so it 's all handled hush hush . 
  other european countries definitely have better systems , for examples , in germany spaced are allowed to be `` rented '' to individuals who then rent the space to the girls and even pay for the girl 's health insurance ( although this is moot point in england with the nhs ) . 
  that 's a menagerie . 
  a marine is a french word meaning a household . 
  only in everywhere but america where many do n't know where asia actually is . 
  critical theory is such trash . 
  in fact all philosophy out of the continental tradition in the last 50 or so years is complete trash . 
  literally all of it , althusser , adorno , derida , it 's just logically consistent word salad that builds a cult around it with an attitude of `` well if you do n't agree you 're not smart enough to understand mentality '' . 
  it works no different from scientology , blast people with enough gibberish and act all elitist about it and the weak minded will start to pretend to understand just because of the acceptance they receive from other members of the cult . 
  soon enough they 'll be talking more gibberish and others will be nodding their heads and acting superior too . 
  sad to see how the intellectual world has been destroyed by a bunch of smug pretenders building cartels around nonsense prose . 
  edit : i studied philosophy for four years , that 's four years of just philosophy none of this majoring stuff you have in the states , and it 's weird how it all made perfect sense but until the mid 20th century , after that only the analytic tradition made sense . 
  clearly it 's not that it 's all nonsense , rather it 's that after the mid 20th century the intelligence needed to understand continental philosophy went up , while everything out of the enlightenment and the 19th century was more or less comprehensible . 
  if they come from the part of russia that is in asia then yes , in fact many people from the asian part of russia look more chinese than they do european . 
  [ here is a handy guide ] ( http://i337.photobucket.com/albums/n365/zenechka/map_russia.jpg ), 
  if you read my comment you 'll see that wittgenstein , kripke and popper are not criticised since they are all analytic philosophers . 
  i have no problem with sartre and camus although i 've only read the former and found it to be quite comprehensible . 
  i have no problem with modern analytic philosophy , just the deconstructionists , post-structuralists , and critical theorists that seem to have to been taken up as champions of the radical left and progressive movements of the last 50 years . 
  as far as i am concerned they just write complicated sounding nonsense on a page and wait for the fawning pseudo-intellectuals to laud it as genius just so those weak minded followers can feel more intellectual than all the rational thinkers who struggle to make sense of their work . 
  after all rationality is a just a product of the normative majority imposing their ideology on people right ? 
  / s i 've read critical theorists and people like zizek and while they make a few interesting points most of what they say is utter nonsense riddled with non sequiturs with no attempt at rigour , methodology or even justification . 
  it 's more or less `` i 'm going to call this a product of ideology and you 're going to agree with me because you like fancy sounding terminology and feeling smug '' . 
  heroin addiction just adds to their mystic , which is obvious way more important than writing down a meaningful and well argued philosophical work . 
  honestly i do n't mind sartre , he was a bit wacky with a bizarre ontology but it can be made sense of . 
  i basically just meant the non-analytic philosophy of the latter half the 20th century is bullshit . 
  people like wittgenstein were influenced by earlier continental thinkers , but they were all analytic philosophers themselves . 
  nothing wrong with modern analytic thinkers or older continental non-analytic thinkers . 
  it just lost the plot as soon as we step outside the analytic tradition post ww2 . 
  saved a lot money more like . 
  most redditors do n't get that bailing out some irresponsible banks is preferable to a run on the banks and economic chaos . 
  however it sucks when you find that half that bail out went to paying bonuses that were owed in the millions , the consequences for those responsible is nothing and practices do n't change in the slightest . 
  the more annoying part is how basically nothing has changed . 
  sure pay out the bonuses owed but then we find out that next year bonuses are even higher , no one is held accountable for the crash and barely any new legislation is implemented to stop it happening all over again . 
  not norwegian , but lars mikkelsen made a pretty evil dane in sherlock . 
  the poles broke some instances of the code while it was in a specific configuration . 
  this is how they figured out how it worked , however the setting were reconfigured every day , and to crack this required turing 's breakthrough . 
  well that 's the most bad ass thing i 'll see today . 
  [ there was a louis theroux documentary ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=olqpodtcrhi ), 
  you are euphoric, 
  i imagine that they now know how the romans must have felt in the last day 's of rome when the vandals were surrounding the walls . 
  america just ca n't do tribalism like europe can !, 
  [ spot the british guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8gdzbxzunzm&amp;t=193s ), 
  no , you sound like the cunt here . 
  i think there 's a fair line between freedom fighter and terrorist . 
  a freedom fighter does n't target innocents . 
  if a terrorist targeted a government building when it was closed to make a point then they 'd be wanting to make their cause heard . 
  by deliberately killing innocent people they are spreading terror . 
  think about the fact they can fly . 
  i mean chickens ca n't fly very far but without their wings clipped they can fly over a fence and whatnot . 
  of course they 're buoyant as fuck . 
  i have the sudden urge to return some video tapes . 
  sometimes they are just sad sad people desperate for some human affection even if it 's only through the medium of text . 
  it 's definitely not just men , sometimes it turns out that that attractive 20 something female profile is and married 60 year old house wife who needs some excitement and attention . 
  sometimes they are scammers who are preying on the hapless , keeping it going for a while then asking for them to send money by feigning some desperate need . 
  sometimes they are men pretending to me women because they get off on it or what to get young guys to send them dirty pics . 
  may god have mercy on your soul ... 
  i wonder what they 'd have thought if they 'd heard this in 1905 . 
  [ lik dis if u cry evertim ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mcn1q9fwahm ), 
  you forgot the part where you eat something , preferably bacon , but yeah this is the sure fire cure . 
  get yourself cleaned , hydrated , caffienated , fed , and masturbated . 
  once you 've achieved all these things it will be about time to crack open some tinnies anyway . 
   but violent crime rate is just as high as america if not higher so you 're likely to be stabbed instead of shot . 
  no , it 's not ... 
  not to the same degree no . 
  people would send out take letters and make phone calls pretending to be people they were not that 's definitely not changed . 
  the internet just massively widened the ease with which people could convince people you were real . 
  thing is that a casino ( and arguably gambling in general ) is only meant to be an amusement , you go there with a little bit of money you can easily afford to lose and essentially pay for the privilege of being entertaining for an hour or so . 
  you are paying for a thrill , and once in a while you 'll get a win even though the odds are n't in your favour . 
  gambling is not meant to be a financial investment , it 's merely a way of killing boredom . 
  in a way the money side of gambling is just there to create some degree of interest or emotional investment in the outcome of a game . 
  many people find they can not care about a game of cards unless their is something riding on it , a small amount of money risked on the game improves the experience of gaming for some people . 
  the problem is twofold . 
  first , a small amount of money you can afford to lose is a relative term . 
  for someone with 200 million in the bank gambling a few thousand a hand really is n't a huge deal , they need higher stakes to feel that degree of emotional investment in the game , it 's not the casino 's place to judge who can afford to play beyond their having the cash in the here and now to participate in the game . 
  if someone who 's risking their life savings is competing with someone who 's risking less than 0.1 % of the entire fortune so be it . 
  second , gambling is addictive to some people , for them it goes far beyond the level of an amusement . 
  they will keep pumping whatever money they can into gambling and when they run out they will go away and get more money purely so they can gamble again . 
  if you turn them away from one casino they 'll move onto the next , so casino 's do n't bother to decide who is an addict and who is just there for a bit of fun , they just treat everyone the same . 
  i do n't know what you mean . 
  in most games in the casino , at least ones where you play against the house , skill is not much of a factor . 
  my local park has more mountains than chile , provided we count every slight elevation of ground above 3 cm to be a mountain in the park and only count mountains above 5km in chile . 
  how on earth would you get american from that one ? 
  it 's not `` a cent for your thoughts '' .
