  this girl could face attempted murder charges for fucks sake , although is more likely to get an assault with a deadly weapon charge . 
  i 'd guess she 's looking at 2 years + in the chokie depending on where it happened . 
  she might even think it 's a trick at first for all we know , a way for jorah to worm his way back into her life , but i 'm sure tyrion will be able to demonstrate his authenticity . 
  i 'm guessing she 'll throw him in a dungeon for a bit , maybe she 'll go crazy and threaten to execute him because of his surname . 
  however that would be stupid because he 's the most useful person to her in the whole of essos when it comes to planning the invasion of westeros . 
  i imagine he 'll convince her he 's of use and that he really does hate the other lannisters , she 'll use him for information and he 'll slowly win her trust as an advisor . 
  then again that could be entirely too predictable , it 's got so who knows ? 
  however we know alliser thorne hates ghost and used to make jon lock him up , you 'd think that once he had command of castle black he 'd at least have put him somewhere and not have had him wandering around the castle . 
  i agree with the ghost ex machina idea . 
  i also agree it seemed really convenient that daenarys just happened to wander into the pathetically small fighting pits at which jorah and tyrion just happened to be . 
  i mean there must be hundreds of small fighting pits like this surrounding meereen . 
  of all the fighting pits , in all the towns , in all the world , she just happened to walk into theirs . 
  however i 'm not annoyed , even though it 's a shamelessly convenient way to speed up the plot , as it progressed the story further quite quickly i found it ok . 
  had she not been there , we 'd have only been waiting around until towards the end of the season for the big reveal at the main fighting event so it skipped over some quite predictable development . 
  fyi there 's nothing to spoil , you 're safe , we 're into uncharted territory now . 
  it 's just a cool event to have two major characters meet . 
  fair enough , so it 's a turkish pilot , in a turkish owned american aeroplane , flying at a uk airshow . 
  i can see why people might be confused . 
  do n't think so ... 
   catching a direwolf might take a while , but it is still a fair point . 
  true , but i hardly think he 'd be given free reign of the castle . 
   this is so true . 
  i prefer forward momentum to the windless story doldrums of the actual book 5 . 
  oh absolutely . 
  i would 've been pissed if we had had to wait until the end of this season for them to meet , waiting a whole year just to see how they 'd get along just would n't have been ok . at least this way we get a few episodes of daenarys on tyrion action before the season finale . 
  the book plot around this just seemed like a waste of time to me , i 'm currently re-reading a dance with dragons and it 's just something i 'd mostly blocked out due to being not all that important to the overall narrative . 
  i definitely feel like this season 's flaws seem to relate to trying to cram a lot into a limited amount of time . 
  it 's like before they had the books as a guide and it seemed they built the pacing around that , now i feel like we 're flying through the plot trying to get to a place the writers want us to be . 
  i mean the whole jamie goes to dorne thing was quick as a flash , when you compare it to how long it took ayra and the hound to get to the eyrie it 's just crazy . 
  fingers crossed they know what they 're doing though , so far my impressions of this season have been mostly positive , although perhaps a not quite as good as season 4 , then again we 'll have to see what they 've got in store yet . 
  i did n't say it was n't turkish made though ? 
  it 's an american design made in turkey . 
  oh i think tyrion has got good reasons for her to trust him , it 's just proving it . 
  daenarys does n't have access to much up to date information about developments in westeros . 
  i 'm sure ser barristan will have filled her in with developments up until the point he left , but that would 've been way back when joffrey became king . 
  conveniently the one person in meereen who would know tyrion just died !, 
  i mean tyrion really does have reason to hate the lannisters except maybe jamie , he really did kill tywin who was the main betrayer of the the targaryens , he probably will help daenerys . 
  the question is how can he win her trust . 
  if he 'd arrived with varys then that would 've been a better sign of good faith , but given the way it 's happened it does look bad . 
  as for jorah , i do n't think there 's any happy ending for him , he 's got greyscale after all , and knowing daenarys she 's not just going to say `` ok we 're good now '' just because he took tyrion to her . 
  9/11 , the most significant event of the millennia . 
  i can say that in all confidence despite our being only 15 years in . 
  fuck what 's going on in 2900 , it ca n't compare to that . 
  i really liked affc , it was parts of adwd what i found tedious in parts . 
  the problem is that a lot of adwd seems to widen the story rather than project it into a distinct direction : /, 
  maybe , but how would he know tyrion would make it there . 
  then again his little birds might have told him what was up . 
  you 've forgotten the cm wide gaps between the door and the cubicle . 
  no arrestation without representation !, 
  tis a call to arms to throw off the tendrils of a foreign oppressor brothers !, 
  no in cockney it 's something like `` facking '' . 
  at least that 's what people will hear if they 're not cockney themselves . 
  people have taking to writing fooking when trying to transcript british accents because of the foot-strut merger . 
  this makes the words put ( as in place something down ) - putt ( as in golf ) homophones . 
  however this is n't present in southern accents and starts around birmingham . 
  cockney , and other working class se accents , have their own wide range of phonetic changes , one of them includes the movement of the - putt vowel ( but not the - put vowel given these are southern accents ) to a sound much closer to - ah , which makes people write facking . 
  other changes are the - hot vowel can sound like the - caught vowel, 
  the - bad vowel can sound like the - bed vowel, 
  words with a pronounced - r ( only before a consonant sound given it 's a non-rhotic accent ) , are often pronounced with a labiodental approximant making it sound like - w to some . 
  a tendency to change dark - l ( occurring at the end of a consonant sound ) , so it also sound like a - w. salt sounds like sawt . 
  th-fronting , by why the - th sound used in thing can be made to sound like an - f as in `` fings '' rather than `` things . 
  also the other - th sound can be made to sound like a - v but only it 's in the middle of a word , as in `` brother '' < `` bruvver '' . 
  sometimes the `` brother '' - th is made to sound like a - d at the start of a word since - v is never used here . 
  h-dropping naturally, 
  - t that appears anywhere but the beginning of a vowel is replaced with a glottal stop, 
  so if we wanted the yanks to get it 's right they 'd need to say . 
  you were only mean ? 
  to blow da facking doors awff, 
  fyi boys is pronounced boyz , otherwise you 've got yourself a boyce, 
  let 's be fair she 's just a kid . 
  you can tell that this comment is written by an american , because it 's full of complete bullshit notions about how americans are different and do n't have any douchey celebrities . 
  do n't talk shit about ant and dec , they 've been working on british tv since before many of us can remember . 
  i believe what they normally do is hang the flag upside down as a mark of disrespect . 
  as it 's actually impossible to hang a tricolour upside down they turned it back to front and voila ivory coast . 
  it 's not really relevant , the kid 's like 3 ? 
  u wot ? 
  1v1 me any map m8 !, 
  lol nutjob !, 
  i 'm not saying it 's not true . 
  i 'm just saying it 's not remotely relevant here because the kid is not of an age where it applies . 
  really , you think you should be toughening up a 3 year old ? 
  he does n't even know what single ladies means . 
  that 's idiotic . 
  no the one that was 11 at the time was the geordie lass saying she did n't know what a terrorist was at the time of the attack . 
  the one asking if everyone died and complaining about algebra is the jabba the hut looking greek family , it 's hard to tell with the blubba but i 'd guess she 's like 16 or something . 
  ergh , that 's really inaccurate , and it 's also a stupid fucking insult . 
  as someone who has studied a bit of childhood development studies , when people say the first three years have the biggest impact they do not mean that discipling your child , trying to imbue work ethic , trying to make them aspire to be strong and such things at that age will affect their behaviour as adults . 
  what they mean is that whether or not a child 's needs are met in the first three years of life will be the biggest factor in whether that child develops normally . 
  this means stuff like nutrition , mental stimulation , language exposure , social interaction and nurturing . 
  if you improperly feed a child at a young age it will have much larger ramifications for their adult health than if they were improperly fed at an older age . 
  if you deprive a child of stimulus at a young age they have a higher chance of suffering from cognitive problems , and if you do n't expose a child to language until they are older there is a good chance they 'll never develop completely normal language abilities . 
  case studies have shown that if something horrendous happens to a child at a young age , like being locked in a cupboard , it 's much more liable to fuck them up than when they 're a bit older , older kids are much more resilient and when removed from that horrible situation far more likely to return to a normal developmental path . 
  what it does n't mean is that you should be trying to toughen up your 3 year old . 
  they have n't even got the capacity to understand this shit at that age , it 's absolutely retarded and actually harmful to attempt this . 
  that does n't mean let them do and have anything they want and never tell them no , it just means that expecting them to learn life lessons at that age is fucking stupid . 
  only a few weeks ago i was in the high street and there was a string quartet , a grand piano , and a flautist playing bach with a big crowd standing around watching . 
  the these teenagers just walked straight through with a speakers in their bag playing just the worst rap music ever at full blast . 
  these kids just casually walked right through the crowd completely oblivious as about 100 people gave them evils . 
  people who play music on the go are absolute dicks . 
  i think someone must 've locked you in a cupboard when you were a kid because you 're actually mentally retarded ...
