  we do n't all speak the same version of english you know . 
  i did n't imply that you did :d, 
  i was making a statement of my own , not contradicting something you 'd said . 
  you certainly have a way with large mammals !, 
  us : 33 % , uk : 26.9 % . 
  i would n't call that identical . 
  before anyone gets confused this is in the uk but the guy in the land rover is an australian who lives in london which is why his accent is a little off . 
  what the fuck is so false ? 
  i did n't make these statistics up . 
  it 's clear that much of western and central europe do n't smoke as much as the us , the balkans and russia seem to be making up for it though . 
  the japanese have decided ... 
  it 's just the end of a motorway right where it joins a different motorway and that part joins a regular road . 
  you 're just meant to know that shit haha . 
  there was a road where i used to live that said `` the south '' and the fucking thing went far more east than south , in fact it was terrible way to go south unless you were heading out to essex or somewhere . 
  not far a way was a much better motorway if you actually wanted to go south . 
  if anyone is curious i 'm talking about the m6 southbound once it leaves the west midlands , the m40 would shave about 30 minutes off a trip to london . 
  that 's not that bad because it 's obese or overweight . 
  overweight is just a bmi of 25 or above , i 'm pretty sure in the uk it 's 70 % + , however it really does n't take much work to get a bmi over 25 , for example if you 're 6 foot tall you only need be 84kg ( 185lb , 13st 5 ) to be overweight . 
  like fuck it would , half the fucking blokes in any pub in the country over 30 are that size . 
  it 's literally any bloke over 15 and a half stone . 
  a guy that size and low body fat would definitely classify as hench . 
  [ for example this guy in the after pic is around 100kg ] ( https://iambeast1.files.wordpress.com/2012/10/484403_401847786539382_1149221940_n.jpg ), 
  you are a british citizen by descent . 
  you can get a passport but your children ca n't . 
  that was my point though . 
  something like 33 % are obese , but if you 've read what i said in my other posts , being obese is not actually that noticeable these days , at least not people who are class one obese ( bmi 30-35 ) . 
  the medical definition of obese and the way the word is used by normal people is different , people are only just reaching the obese categories would actually just be called a bit fat by most people , they 're not riding scooters they 're just carrying a bit of a gut / lovehandles . 
  what really gives america it 's reputation is the number of super obese people walking ( or at least riding ) around . 
  super obese people are really rare in most countries , when you see them you are shocked , but in america you only need go to the shopping centre to see maybe one or two of them , and they make the impression that really lasts . 
  z.b , apfel  apple , wasser  water , braun  brown . 
  i have no idea whether this is correct , but seriously man conjugation and commas !, 
  maybe german is doing things to my brain but now i think commas are very important !, 
  you know the declension is super easy to learn once you figure it out . 
  it 's all to do with german efficiency . 
  germans just do n't like repeating themselves at all , that 's pretty much why there are 3 declensions instead of just one . 
  just learn [ this ] ( http://jakubmarian.com/how-to-recognize-gender-in-german-using-endings/ ) by heart , you 'll now be correct often enough to speak the language , and common words you 'll pick up easily anyway . 
  you 'll literally never need to know more than this , it will make you correct like 80 % of the time , and from then on only time will help you learn more . 
  sounds like you 're in the same boat as the irish . 
  and i thought this would be about rudolph carnap and kurt g\u00f6del, 
  thanks for the tip !, 
  what 's wrong with that ? 
  in europe we have these fancy card readers on poles with chip and pin , takes less time than actually using cash ... in some places you can even do contactless which is even quicker . 
  do n't blame the people blame america 's horrendously outdated card system . 
  is this how things work in america ? 
  because i know in europe if you do n't know what the fuck you want then be prepared to stand aside until you do and be made to let someone with a brain order before you . 
  the problem with your theory is that the german influence on your mind has made you assume that teenagers in countries ( other than america or germany ) actually follow the law . 
  i mean in the uk the driving age is 17 and the drinking age is 18 but there 's few youth duis , and less traffic fatalities than germany generally , and i 'd imagine most british 16 year olds have more experience with heavy intoxication by that age . 
  germany is the only country i know where if the drinking age was 18 then 16 year olds would n't drink . 
  bloody germans and your misplaced faith in rules !, 
  so punish them !, 
  causing them harm !, 
  well if it were legal there would n't be any supporting those criminals . 
  remember that drugs are illegal the world over partially because of america 's foreign policy that basically asserted that certain substances must be illegal if you want to be a good trade partner . 
  if the us legalised everything then other countries would eventually follow . 
  much of south america would love to legalise cocaine . 
  it would n't get rid of the drug lords overnight but it would turn them into legitimate businessmen , no worse than some of the coffee and fruit lords in certain parts of the world who run their plantations like it were feudal times . 
  then at least fair trade / ethically sourced cocaine would be an option people would have . 
  what 's wrong with your chip and pins bro ? 
  you 're in and out in like 20 seconds tops here . 
  i 'm not here to motivate or demotivate anyone . 
  however , you make it sound like an inescapable cycle , you also make it sound like the average poor american has it worse than absolutely anyone in the world , as if the us were the only place with both cheap food and poverty , like everyone else were living with fancy socialist health care budgets with personal nutritionists paid for with other people 's taxes or starving waiting at a breadline in an impoverished shithole . 
  in reality the problem is far more culture than you are suggesting . 
  there are poor parts of europe where food is still pretty damn cheap , it 's not like you ca n't go to bakery in bulgaria these days and buy six delicious sugary 400 calorie buns for one of your us dollars . 
  if you want to use food as an escape from a shitty life it 's perfectly doable in poorer parts of europe . 
  however it is not common , in fact it 's extremely rare . 
  these are people who also struggle with poverty , people who do not have access to top quality healthcare , and who have access to cheap food , so it ca n't simply be that . 
  the world is not split into poor places where they ca n't afford to eat , america , and rich european countries where they have doctors waiting in the wings and solid education on nutrition . 
  i think it has a lot more to do with the food culture in the us , convenience food everywhere , horrible processed cheese lathered on everything , the very fact that eating like this is seen as normal is crazy . 
  not to mention the culture of excess , double the size of your big gulp for 10 cents and stuff , extra large portions available at little cost . 
  shit food available everywhere while good food has to be sought after . 
  sadly absurdly excessive food has become a symbol of america , when i was a kid a hot dog was a small baguette cut down the middle with a sausage in it , you could have either mustard or ketchup ( both would 've been seen as excessive ) . 
  it 's only in america where i discovered things like the `` chilli-cheese dog '' , chilli , to me , is a food in it 's own right not a condiment , why would you then add cheese to that just boggled my mind . 
  even simple things like not sitting down at a table to eat as a family does terrible things to people 's attitude to food . 
  seems to me that the super obese in america are surrounded by enablers , that being that fat in some poorer parts of the culture is n't socially unacceptable . 
  i 'm not blaming the individual , saying that they 're just weak lazy people with no will power , but i will blame the collective . 
  america has facilitated it 's reputation for obesity by having a shitty attitude towards food in general and not collectively working to counter that particularly , not when there 's a dollar to be made off giving people what they do n't need . 
  in a perfect world ideally yes . 
  however decriminalisation of use is still a better a course of action for society even if the legalisation of supply is not possible . 
  you ca n't punish users for the crimes of the people who made their purchase possible , and furthermore decriminalisation of use has been shown time and again not to increase demand . 
  lol , people making such a big deal of this , it 's showbiz, 
  it 's on wikipedia . 
  you seem to have some strange ideas . 
  for a lot of people being called fat does make you have an incentive to not eat so much . 
   ` hey , i should change my life and make different choices . ', 
  they think ` they 're right . 
  i am a fatass and i 'm always going to be a fatass and that is a depressing thought . 
  that is a completely self-destructive thought cycle , how is an ordinary person meant to structure their behaviour around a depressed thought cycle that only a small percentage of the population have . 
  fact is we almost all unheathy in the modern world , we eat too much , we do n't eat the right stuff , we drink to excess , we all fucking do it let 's not pretend , and many of us carry a bit of excess weight , fuck something like 70 % of people are medically defined as `` overweight '' . 
  however to become super obese 40 bmi + you need to do it a hell of a lot more than most people . 
  a lot of what you are saying now seems to be blaming everyone else . 
  the point about eating and drinking to excess on holidays is that it 's the time when that behaviour is permitted , if you 're doing it every day then holidays are not blame . 
  i wonder if the real problem with american overweight people is that they live in a world of `` should '' , society should not make it so easy for me to indulge , people should not mock me for my weight , life should be better than this . 
  in reality we do n't live in a world of should , we live in a world of is , if they 're selling doughnuts 10 for a dollar on your street corner only you and you alone will make a difference . 
  nobody but you is going to put you out of a depressive cycle . 
  fyi i do n't go around mocking fat people . 
  i just feel sad that they 're putting 4000 calories into themselves a day , that they 've not managed to break themselves out of a cycle that causes them to do that which is ruining their quality of life . 
  does n't bother me . 
  i 'm british and i think the toilets in germany are generally much nicer , you do n't have to be a prude and wait to get home to take a dump like a typical briton . 
  that 's just fucking insane . 
  if you were the uk you could expect to pay 40 pounds for a gram of mdma ( no guarantees it 'll be real but even real stuff should n't be more expensive ) and anything from # 40 - # 80 for a gram of coke depending on quality .
