  smart americans get on with being successful but they do n't feel the same burden of social responsibility , and this does n't just affect things like their willingness to forego wealth for things like the welfare state , public municipalities , and healthcare , but also in the way american society allows people to make utters fools of themselves and be utterly moronic human beings without feeling the need to dissuade them from it . 
  god ... 
   when in reality it must be respected, 
  according to you ... 
   than trying to shape what a post-brexit uk will look like . 
  a remainer 's preferred brexit will obviously look as close to the status quo as possible , and still be overall more disadvantageous to the country than remain . 
  propagating the myth that we have some obligation to respect the referendum is pure brexiteer propaganda . 
  i believe that if i rip the engine out my car it will go faster ... does n't mean i should be taken seriously . 
  kind of a silly notion . 
  are you not aware that in the natural world of animals they 're under constant stress from both external forces like predators , not to mention injuries and diseases . 
  i mean really think about the life of a fox or something . 
  the concept of security or relaxation do n't exist to wild animals . 
  they 're constantly either hunting or being hunted , every moment they sleep they 're under the threat of imminent death from something . 
  they are constantly in a state where death could come at any moment . 
  when they get injured do they lie down and wait for it to heal ? 
  fuck no , they 'll go hunting with a bloody stump of a foot because they are programmed that way because if they do n't they wo n't eat and they 'll die . 
  you can see animals with infections and injuries that would have a human screaming for a bullet through the eyes if they were n't pumped full of morphine , yet a animals behaviour will only be slightly different to the point where it takes someone knowledgeable to event notice . 
  animals are pretty tough . 
  i mean this is thousands of years of evolution , do you think bears did n't evolve to handle threatening situations , these animals will literally rip each other 's throats out from time to time . 
  to kill most animals through stress you 'd have to do something really sadistic , like trap it for hours and keep it constantly in a state of panic . 
  people do n't like to talk about it but there 's lot of developmentally disabled and very low iq deaf people out there . 
  often depends on how they were treated as a child , whether they got the specialised education a deaf person needs . 
  the language part of your brain needs to be nurtured when you 're young , and language is highly significant when it comes reasoning and conceptualisation . 
  we know this because there are examples of neglected children who did n't get exposed to language and then when rescued for the rest of their lives they 're never able to achieve anything but a basic ability to communicate linguistically . 
  feel kinda bad watching this consequently , you probably would think it bad taste if you watched mentally handicapped people fighting , but there 's reason chance these people would meet the criteria for being handicapped as well . 
  we never like to draw attention to certain aspects of various impairments because we like to think everyone who is impaired can otherwise have everything a normal person can have and is identical to a normal person in every possible way . 
  sometimes , however , this is not the case . 
  i think it depends simply on how many non-native speakers are in the country . 
  for example in britain we have a bit of a prejudice against those with imperfect english . 
  they are outsiders . 
  however , most of us are very used to hearing non-standard non-native english every day , so it 's no big deal . 
  the island mentality means brits makes certain assumptions about non-native speakers ; they must be either tourists , on a business trip , or an immigrant of some sort , each accent having a specific connotation e.g polish - moved here to earn money doing something shitty , australian/nz - young and come over as a temporary worker , indian - 1st or 2nd generation immigrant . 
  compare that to somewhere like seoul , where it 's very unusual to hear foreigners speaking the language imperfectly , people are probably much more likely to actually point out the flaws in someone 's speech just because hearing someone make those mistakes is so unusual outside of children and people society consider none too bright . 
  then think about somewhere like aachen , right on the border , language switching is basically a necessity for most people . 
  dutch people across the border have to understand and speak german and english , the city probably sees plenty of french and belgian people too . 
  while the common assumption in the uk when you hear imperfect english is `` oh that must be an immigrant come here in an attempt to make more money and be part of a superior culture '' , the assumption in aachen when you hear imperfect german is like , oh there 's someone passing through our city who happens to live across the border . 
  the expectation that everyone speak perfect german in aachen is just patently unrealistic , so it does n't carry the same meaning . 
  i 'll also add that america is bit prescriptivst in its attitude to both grammar and pronunciation . 
  i 've heard many americans express the belief that britons and australians have `` bad grammar '' when they were either speaking their local dialect ( which to american seems to immediately signify a lack of educations more than proud working class roots ) , or because they were speaking a way considered correct in bre but not in ame ( e.g i have got dressed '' / `` the government are ... '' ) , or even because they were speaking in a way that is considered correct in ame but is just uncommon in genam . 
  all in all there seems to me that there is a small minority of americans who are very sensitive to linguistic difference and very intolerant of it generally . 
  as a briton it 's quite fun to run into these types . 
  do n't know what you 're talking about . 
  travelled has always been the standard in the uk as far as i know . 
  if that is a rule it 's a american invention , and not applicable to british english . 
  seems like a strange rule because historically english used a double consonant to signify a short vowel ( pre vowel shift ) . 
  e.g bitter and biter . 
  to only use a double letter before a stressed syllable seems to run against the spirit of this practice to some degree . 
  sorry that was just a typo . 
  i meant ` after ' . 
  putting double letters after stressed vowels seems to run contrary to the old english pattern of double letters going after a short / unstressed vowel . 
  yes , but that 's because english has lost its system of long and short vowels . 
  stress and vowel length are very difference , but historically related language features , especially in poetry , with english 's natural time stressed rhythm supplanting the long vowels of latin . 
  if you notice , in all the words you highlighted are historically considered short vowels . 
  the long vowels being diphthongs , - ee as in meet , and - ah as in british pronunciation of `` ca n't '' . 
  the reason your example sounds right and the op 's example sounds wrong is because you have made a closed time frame . 
  `` ever '' implies all time from present to the beginning of history , as this time frame is not closed . 
  op , it depends on what criteria you are using for `` correct '' . 
  first off , the relative clauses `` which you committed '' and `` which you have committed '' are both bound restrictive clauses . 
  this means the information they add to the noun `` biggest blunders '' is necessary to maintain the meaning of the sentence you 're trying to write . 
  bound relative clauses in english have to take `` that , who , whom '' . 
  compare :, 
   we 're taking the apples that the mayor liked to market, 
  this means that we 're taking only those apple that were like by him to the market . 
   we 're taking the apples , which the mayor liked , to market, 
  in this case we 're simply taking * the apples * to market , and by the way in case you did n't know , the mayor liked * the apples * . 
  however , his liking them played no role in determining which apples '' * the apples * '' refers to . 
  now we 've correct that issue i am going to have to say that the examples you 've provided that use the past simple would be considered wrong . 
  however , that will depend on the context as well . 
  with the example :, 
   what are some of the biggest blunders that you committed ? 
  this would considered strictly correct only if in the context it were implied that the period of time in which it were possible to make blunders had come to an end . 
   you worked as a police officer for 30 years and now you 're retired . 
  what were some of the biggest blunders that you committed ? 
  this makes sense because the time frame in which it was possible for the person being asked the question to make blunders is over . 
  it 's done and dusted as i like to say . 
  normally we see a construction like this with a phrase indicating a closed time frame in the sentence itself e.g, 
   what were the biggest blunders you committed in your childhood ? 
  the implication being that the people person being asked the question is now an adult . 
   you 'll regret every single thing you ever said, 
  the problem with this sentence , and why i 'd consider it strictly ungrammatical , is that `` ever '' is typically used for questions that are not time specific . 
  in the question :, 
   have you ever been to france ? 
  the very purpose of `` ever '' in this sentence is to draw attention to the non-time sensitive nature of the question . 
  `` ever '' means , well , `` during forever '' in a sense . 
  from the moment of your birth until this very moment . 
  if the question you are asking is n't time sensitive then it 's incorrect to form it using the past simple . 
  this is because all of history up until now is considered an open time frame , and open time frames strongly prefer the present perfect in english . 
  that said , there is a time when it 's acceptable to use `` ever '' with the past simple , but it requires that some other part of the sentence limits the question to a closed time frame . 
   did you ever eat ice cream as a child ? 
  in a sentence like this `` ever '' plays a different role , one that essentially means `` at truly any point during this time frame '' . 
  it basically just used to stress that the person asking the question really means * any * point during childhood . 
  maybe this is better demonstrated by this example :, 
   did you ever take drugs during the eighties ? 
  the `` ever '' in this sentence strongly reinforces that the question really means any time from 00:00 jan 1st 1980 to 00:00 jan 1st 1990 . 
  in many ways it also reinforce that the criteria the question requires to be answered in the affirmative is simply one single instance of it being the case . 
  the speaker is n't taking about a very strict yes or no truth condition . 
   did you ever come into contact with the victim prior to the 31st of may ? 
  the judge does n't mean `` did you ever come into proper contact with the victim '' before that time . 
  he means literally any contact whatsoever , from passing each other in the street to a full blown relationship . 
  however , because you sentence lacks a limiting time frame , your 2nd past simply example is n't correct either .
