  the locals make this difficult by obstructed the police and causing a fuss . 
  yeah not super big , just a bigger one . 
  my rewe has a section in the drinks aisle for us drink imports . 
  it 's a fancy new one though so maybe it 's not in all of them . 
  do n't know , never noticed one . 
  it 's k\u00f6ln though so there are sometimes american military types and tourists around here . 
  nechelles and lozells ? 
  right by aston and handsworth ? 
  there 's definitely been plenty of shootings in those areas historically . 
  i lived in south birmingham for years and these are areas that i avoid unless i absolutely have to . 
  i mean most of birmingham is n't exactly crime free , but that whole north birmingham area is much worse , i 'd take a dark ally in sparkbrook over one in that part of town any day . 
  it 's because you it 's due to a loss of british camaraderie . 
  camaraderie wo n't stop you from becoming the victim of crime . 
  people are just as keen on camaraderie as before , but when you live in a modern urban environment with a sizeable criminal element in the community you do n't intervene as you would somewhere relatively safe . 
  people back then did n't have to worry about picking a fight with the wrong person and getting stabbed . 
  i know of a guy who exactly that happened to , in birmingham , he got involved in someone else 's problem and was stabbed due to a case of mistaken identity . 
  bled to death before the ambulance got to him . 
  [ you can even read about it here ] ( http://www.bbc.com/news/uk-england-18892742 ), 
  it 's nothing to do with knives existing , it 's to do with how frequently they 're used against people , or at least our awareness of how frequently they 're used against people . 
  lol man i do n't know what you 're on about . 
  these are like the worst crime areas in birmingham , i 'm hardly being reactive . 
  that 's a bit of a stretch , late 1500s to now . 
  i think it 's fair to say that during much of the 20th century crime was more localised to certain undesirable elements of the community . 
  from what i hear in the 50s and 60s in birmingham there was still a fair bit of crime in the impoverished parts , but less indiscriminate violence and less reason to fear for your personal safety . 
  armed robbery , prostitution , and burglary were all common crimes back then , but you did n't have to worry about gangs of youths roaming the street committing serious crimes . 
  definitely a tendency for german stuff to be sweeter . 
  for example , salsa , even if you buy the hot variety , it 's still really sweet in comparison . 
  mustard is definitely sweeter , even the scharf mustard is a lot sweeter than my traditional english mustard . 
  the ketchup in the uk has malt vinegar in it as a preservative , so it 's got a really tangy flavour but the german stuff is all sugar . 
  the sauce the means come in here is closer to ketchup , whereas in the uk it 's more of a savoury tomato sauce . 
  on the whole i think in germans have less tolerance for spice , things that get labelled hot just seem mild or medium at best . 
  also germans do n't like vinegar that much , i ca n't even find malt vinegar outside foreign food shops . 
  there 's certainly a wider variety of bread , but germans also mess up white sliced bread , because they base it on the american style which is just the worst , and again sweeter . 
  i gave up trying to get english style white sliced here , i mostly eat br\u00f6tchen and baguette here because i 'm not a fan of all the seedy darker breads , and the french style baguette is basically the same as what i used to get in british supermarkets . 
  british bread really is n't that bad , it does n't taste artifical and nasty like american bread , but it 's not really that imaginative , choices being limited to white or brown for the most . 
  must be one of those things that east coasters picked up from later generations of british immigrants , along with not pronouncing the - r in words like car and park . 
  b11 is sparkbrook/sparkhill , the area i said i 'd prefer to be than where this video is being taken . 
  it 's quite true b11 is harsh but not that harsh . 
  it 's dodgy but not fear for your life dodgy . 
  the b11 area is like 90 % asian , most of it is relatively safe with a few bits where you would n't want to hang around , like where the crack dealers hang around closer to the city centre . 
  b6 ( aston ) is generally considered the worst part of town , with all the areas around it being affected . 
  it 's a much more mixed race area , in parts white , black , and asian , which sadly means the sense of community in those areas is non-existent , drugs are sold more openly too , whereas in the more heavily asian areas the dealers have to be discreet so they do n't piss off the locals . 
  this area in the video is where all the gang shit from about 10 years ago came from . 
  i think the a34 was the divider in some kind of drugs territory war that resulted in a spate of murders . 
  yeah i 've never seen br\u00f6tchen outside of germany . 
  i think if i left germany i 'd miss it . 
  i do n't think germany should start making ale , it has it 's own beer traditions , however cider could be interesting . 
  i do wish supermarkets would import more british ale ( almost impossible to find ) and cider ( might get one type in the supermarket ) , instead of having loads of craft beer . 
  malt vinegar is a core ingredient in so many british foods , mostly sauces and pickles ( and by that i mean a kind of pickled relish not actual pickles ) . 
  for example , with my br\u00f6tchen i like to have cheese and pickle , but i have to import branston pickle from the uk . 
  i think this was part of the problem . 
  wotlk was when a lot of quality of life changes were implemented , many of them actually being changes that large swathes of the community wanted , and many of them actually helping to make the game more accessible to people who 'd never played an mmo before . 
  for example , ui changes , the achievement system , quest tracking improvements , a newer style of interactive questing that was less repetitive . 
  the addition of these features were certainly a factor in wotlk being the most successful expansion in terms of player base , because it opened the game to a wider demographic than before . 
  lots of casual gamers who 'd previously only played stuff like cod were able to pick up wow and start playing without the intimidation and confusion they would experience in something like vanilla . 
  however , i feel like since then blizzard has just tried to chase that success by making the game even easier to play , in the hope of capturing that elusive casual market . 
  the casual gaming market should really humble any gamer if they look at the statistics . 
  something like candy crush makes aaa look insignificant . 
  these are people who do n't identify as gamers but want something to play on the toilet or the bus in spare moments . 
  there are hundred of millions of these people and everyone wants to tap that market . 
  the idea of converting these casual players into progressively more serious gamers , and getting them into the market for more serious titles has been the golden goose for the gaming industry for a few years now . 
  this is what i think blizzard 's ultimate plan is with garrisons all that shit . 
  they add these casual gaming mechanics , then they release an app that allows you to manage your garrison on your phone , then you make it so there is a way to play the garrison game without actually having a character in wow , then you make the app successful and the millions of casual players playing on their phone are suddenly curious about wow . 
  you could offer the chance to visit their phone garrison in wow , and receive bonuses if they make an account . 
  this way you convert all those clash of clans playing types to wow . 
  damn , if this news was just randomly out of nowhere i 'd be pleased as it 's clearly a big step forward , but i 'd ridden the hype train and was hoping for the announcement of legacy servers . 
  i guess that was a bit unrealistic , even if blizzard has already decided to allow legacy they wo n't be announcing it for months i imagine , they 'd need time to straighten everything out . 
  no mean comparing modern times to the 1500s is a stretch . 
  just because crime was higher for most of history does n't mean it always was , especially recent history . 
  what was ? 
  i do n't understand your argument to be honest . 
  just because crime was higher in medieval oxford and during the reign of elizabeth i does n't mean that it was always higher . 
  i think as member of the public you were safer in 50s and 60s for sure . 
  if you have some statistics that show otherwise then i 'll gladly look at them . 
  it all comes down to how predictable whatever they 're filming is . 
  the halftime show will be choreographed precisely , they will have rehearsed it dozens of times , most of the time using stand ins for the celebrities , people who will have learned the celebrities ' choreography . 
  a show like this needs that many dry runs so they can check how it will all work , then the lighting and sound needs to done , then they need to test the special effects like the pyrotechnics and stuff . 
  first , someone from the tv company will have studied the specifications of the show and choreography in a printed form , closer to the performance will see an early run through , accompanied by an explanation of what will be happening . 
  with this information they will create a precise plan of how they are going to shoot it . 
  where the cameras are going to be during each part of the performance , and which shot at which point in the performance . 
  they not only have to make this plan show everything happening , but they also have to make sure the viewer sees everything , special effects , audience reactions , if $ 50k of special effects go off but nobody on tv sees it then it 's essentially wasted . 
  then camera men and the director will have sat in on a number of these so they can practise what they need to do working from the plan , this is especially necessary since many of the camera men will be using things like cranes to get their shots so they need to ensure they can make it all work as planned . 
  then they will go back and make an alterations that need to be made to the filming plan due to any limitations or problems that the camera crew run into . 
  then they will practise the finalised plan and a copy of it will be given to the director . 
  the director then studies that plan in detail so they know everything that 's meant to be happening throughout the performance . 
  then on the night they 'll be doing what you see in the video controlling all the different shots . 
  the camera men will be able to hear the director as well as the person who is operating the control panel which switches the cameras . 
  you have to remember though that these people also need to be able to improvise when something goes wrong . 
  on shows where it 's not 100 % rehearsed , which in a celebrity chat show though , the job will be far more improvised , and the director would need to be able to react to what 's happening on screen and pick the right camera for the moment . 
  the amount of work that goes into something like the halftime show is just insane when you think about it , and requires 100 different specialists , to figure out everything . 
  it 's hard to say , we 'd need the statistics , i 've heard that crime is generally being going down for a long time , but also i 've also heard it said that ordinary people had a lot less to fear walking around inner city areas . 
  it is of course possible that crime was higher but it was of a different nature and/or more restricted to certain parts of the community . 
  there definitely used to be more stuff like armed robbery , but i think for the average citizen it was probably safer . 
  it does n't make sense that someone who works in investment banking on 200k a year is considered `` working class '' . 
  labour is not the same as it was hundreds of years ago . 
  wow that preview gave away loads . 
  - jon up and living, 
  - wildlings impressed by the red woman / zombie jon, 
  - ayra on her way to becoming no one, 
  - someone has a `` gift '' for ramsay ?
