  depends entirely on the city , and how late you want to stay out , whether you mind blowing money on taxis . 
  too many factors really . 
  in a city like london tourists make the mistake of staying too far out and finding the area around the hotel depressing than the journey in the centre a major burden . 
  however even in london , if you know the city you can save massively . 
  it 's because in very big cities travel time often does n't particularly scale with distance . 
  you can get a hotel on a major transport link your travel time with public transport will be shorter than that from an area half the distance away but without good connections . 
  also some non-central areas are pleasant with their own nightlife and restaurants if you do n't want to travel , whereas others are run down and impoverished and you 'll only find unpleasant rough pubs and chicken shops . 
  if you 're going to london without much planning i 'd recommend being as central as possible , but if you 're willing to take the time and effort to do the research you can get what is probably a better hotel ( more spacious at least ) , or even an airbnb for a similar price just a 20 minute tube ride or overground away . 
  also some cities are deceptively non-centralised . 
  london for example consists of what are essentially a set of village . 
  the very centre does n't even have many hotels because it 's dominated by government buildings and office space . 
  you can end up paying a lot to say in a neighbourhood that is central but very boring with only pubs that close at 11 full of businessmen and tourists , and you 'll end up having to travel to find anything better . 
  can you though ? 
  i know skinny people who are unhealthy as fuck and live on a diet of mcdonalds , cigarettes , and drugs , and i know fatter people and live a pretty active lifestyle but just have a tendency to consume too many calories . 
  i mean you can still be a bit overweight but otherwise relatively healthy if you 're active and not obese , or to put it a different way , skinny people can still have unhealthier lifestyles than overweight people . 
  edit : lol why is this remotely controversial . 
  it 's pretty clear that someone who cycles to work everyday with 25 pounds too much weight because they overeat rich good quality food everyday has a healthier lifestyle than someone skinny who smokes 20 a day , lives off sugar free energy drinks and coffee , and does n't do a lick of exercise . 
  imo celta is pretty dogmatic , but honestly teaching is contextual . 
  i would n't worry about it . 
  have you considered using an ohp to show examples ? 
  you could write examples from a text book onto a transparency with a pen prior to the lesson and avoid any photocopying . 
  to be fair i 've seen germans put cream and ham on pasta and call it carbonara . 
  the irish economy is very closely tied to that of the british . 
  ireland is after all a small nation with a smaller population than many cities . 
  if the uk leave it will messing up their global economic environment too . 
  what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  at what point did i suggest that the irish leaders did n't agree with me ? 
  does the great and mighty / u/idontreallythinkso judge that to be so ? 
  piss off mate . 
  it was n't that were acting gay , it was admitting it that was taboo back then . 
  in the 80s there was a stupid situation where everyone with a brain knew these people were gay but they had to keep up the pretence so the older folk and hardcore homophobes could kid themselves they were n't . 
  it also depends on genre , if you 're producing music that 's largely listened to by gay people then it 's was n't a big deal , but if you were trying to keep the image of a macho 80s rocker then a suggestion that you were gay could be career ruining . 
  you fixated on emma watson or something ? 
   your comment tells me you have n't read the article and assumed the article only talks about britain 's problems . 
  no , you just assumed that because you 're an unconscionable arsehole . 
  go fuck yourself mate . 
   i did a lot of research on both sides , listened to all the debates and fact checked each side to the best of my ability . 
  * the the best of your ability * being the core issue here . 
  why not leave decisions with massively complex economic and geopolitical ramifications to people with more ability next time instead of forming a strong opinion and then going down with your ship . 
  there is nothing noble about `` sticking to your guns '' in the face of overwhelming contradictory evidence . 
  the reality is that your abilities have failed you , they have led you to make a decision that is massively harmful the nation ( and probably yourself as well ) . 
  not realising this before the election can be forgiven since the brexiteers had built up an attitude that was so dismissive of any facts criticising leaving , that many people bought into it . 
  however , i do n't understand how any brexiteer can maintain the illusion that this will work out well for the uk anymore , not when literally every voice globally is predicting a troubled future for the uk and almost every pro-brexit voice has gone quiet , rescinding all the promises made before the referendum , and even now , months later , not having a clue about how brexit will happen and how on earth it will benefit in the uk . 
  you should take a long hard look at the reasons why you think brexit is remotely a good idea . 
  because if you look hard enough you 'll find those reasons do not stand up in reality . 
  do n't blame this on the eu . 
  the uk needs reform just as much as the eu , and the uk needs to reform away from the kind of post-fact emotive self-rationalising logic that you 're spouting , and start acting like a grown up nation . 
  let me guess ... the reform you think the eu should remove is freedom of movement , because that 's what it boils down to , you do n't like the foreigners coming here and getting the same rights you have . 
  well that 's not a reform that anyone but you want , freedom of movement is at the core of what the eu is , not he mention all the sound economic reasons why you ca n't have free trade without freedom of labour . 
  truth is that if you were honest with yourself , you 'd wake up to the fact that the potential benefits of brexit are just some vague unguaranteed notions , like fewer immigrants or new trade deals that do n't exist , whereas the negative consequences are guaranteed are going to be hurting you for years to come , as many brexiteers are starting to wake up to . 
  brexiteers are n't risking short term economic loss for less immigration and better conditions for working class brits , they 're guaranteeing large scale short to medium term economic loss on a vague promise that it might lower immigration and maybe could perhaps somehow improve the conditions of working class britons a long way down the line , but let 's face it probably wo n't . 
  an incredibly stupid trade to make . 
  society has a fucked notion of what is healthy , and what healthy means , and this is especially true around children . 
  if i had lived with my grandma as a child then i would 've been fat as hell , because their generation had a mentality that you needed to feed children up , that they needed to be given extra portions sizes , second helpings , and be sneaked snacks when possible , to help them grow up big and strong . 
  while it 's true that kids need a calorific excess for growth , this mentality harks from a time when food scarcity was real , a time when there really were kids having their growth limited by lack of nutrition , a point when the average kid was n't hitting puberty until their mid to late teens . 
  society 's attitude to kids and food is screwed because it has n't changed since the 60s , whereas our diets have changed massively . 
   do n't have an accent, 
  i 'm pretty sure she has a very strong mid-western us accent . 
  your reasons are in many cases just bad . 
  there is no evidence the wages have gone down for remotely the majority of even low skill workers , a 2 % drop in some industries is what there 's evidence of , and what nobody seems to realise that that is drop in wages was probably completely mitigated by the increase in purchasing power having those immigrants brought . 
  so in reality many low skilled and semi-skilled workers are better off due to the immigrants , as it brought them cheaper goods and services in their local economies . 
  it 's not enough to point at a few negatives that eu freedom of movement brought , you need to show that the negatives outweighed the positives , which is impossible as that is simply not the case . 
  as for trade , while you have a point in theory , sure the uk can benefit from trading more widely with the world , in practice it 's a moot point , because 1 ) we have no guarantees we 'll be able to secure a superior trading position once we leave ( and being a relatively small nation compared to major economies like the us , eu , and china immediately puts us in a weak position ) 2 ) the cost of the transition will probably mean any potential benefits take an unreasonable long time to actually become overall benefits for us 3 ) we 're doing quite well in the eu anyway . 
  this is like having a really nice car that works adequately , giving it away for free , and then funding an entirely new car out of your own pocket in the hope that it will be better than the adequate car you had before . 
  your sovereignty argument fundamentally misunderstand what the eu actually does for the uk . 
  for example , you argue `` the way law is created in the uk is much more representative of the people , and again it is a law that suits the uk and is not a mix of trying to implement law and please 28 other countries socioeconomic principles . '' ... 
  what you fail to understand is that eu law is n't meant to be representative of the british people , and that reaching a compromise between 28 other countries is actually more beneficial for the uk than implementing its own legislation . 
  i know that can be a counter-intuitive principle to grasp , but anyone with an understanding of economics will tell you that the uk can fare better following eu legislation that compromises the interests of 28 member states than it can defining it 's own laws , because it 's these laws that will dictate how other nations are willing to trade with us . 
  lots of your argument relies on statements with no actual backing whatsoever , the kind of statements that you believe only needed to stated affirmatively enough for them to become true . 
  for example ,, 
   our parliament and courts should be the final say on any issue be it laws or human rights . 
  why should they ? 
  the uk has a poor human rights record . 
  the british government has caused murder and torture a number of times even within the last decade to further its own goals . 
  where is this inherent assumption that the uk will do a better job coming from ? 
  could it be the same irrational logic that convinces every football team they 're going to win the fa ? 
   directives and regulations should be set out by our parliament, 
  why should they ? 
  what possible reason do we have to believe laws should only be set by our parliament . 
  our parliament is full of semi-incompetents and fully-incompetent toffs , why on earth would we want it to be the sole source of law in our country . 
   why we have to have rules on growing tobacco or the production of olive oil seems mad and unnecessary . 
  just because something `` seems '' to be unnecessary to you does n't make it unnecessary . 
  you 're essentially saying `` i do n't understand why this exists and therefore it should n't exist '' , i 'm sure you having decades of experience in the olive oil production industry or as a tobacco farmer . 
  in fact these laws are n't remotely unnecessary , you just lack an understanding of why they exist . 
   over 55 % of our laws are from the eu !, 
  why is that figure remotely interesting , why on earth should anyone assume 55 % means something ? 
  i am meant to be shocked at how much that is or how little that is ? 
  is 35 % too much ? 
  is 75 % too little ? 
  this argument seems to rely on the simply fact that some people will , for not reason whatsoever , assume 55 % is a high percentage . 
  this seems to be a really common brexit strategy , relying on the fact that people will be shocked by `` big sounding '' numbers , regardless of the reality . 
  did you know that air is 78 % nitrogen !!, 
  that 's 78 % !!, 
  how shocking !, 
   `` the eu is responsible for that '' , now it is our government 's responsibility , if they fuck up it 's their fault and nobody elses !, 
  great . 
  so we can have the luxury of more directly blaming our government while they tank our economy . 
  do you really think the uk government has a clue what it 's doing when it comes to economics ? 
  british economy succeeds despite the government , not because of it , and by giving them more power you 're simply giving them more chances to fuck everything up . 
  brilliant .
