  analysing the political situation is not some kind of innately problematic riddle . 
  i hear so many people crying out for politicians to tell the truth , for the media to tell the truth , but honestly i just think the people saying this are hugely naive . 
  people long for the security of a more naive era when `` the man behind the curtain '' ( be that the bbc , the government , the times , or whoever ) told them what to think and feel . 
  the difference is today that you have such a huge quantity of media being produced , 24 hours a day , with so many different opinions and views that the average daily mail reader is just left unable to deal with , and so they develop a sense that they are being lied or misled . 
  in reality they were always being lied to and misled , it 's just now they do n't have that imaginary strong man to cling to . 
  absolutely nothing to do with the 51.9 % you muppet . 
  it 's as simple as this in my opinion . 
  person 1 : eu immigrants are causing wealth inequality by pushing town wages and stressing government services . 
  person 2 : no that is untrue , here is all the statistics and data showing how wages have not been pushed down by eu migrants and how the contribute economically to the country meaning we have more money we could spend on government services, 
  person 1 : i do n't care about stats , i will believe what i believe regardless . 
  now , ask yourself , what possible motivation does person 1 have for continuing to believe these factually disproved beliefs ? 
  there is only one answer , and that is racism . 
  where did i call every single person who voted leave a racist ? 
  i would never suggest such a thing . 
  some people misguidedly believed they were voting for a boosted economy with 350 million a week for the nhs . 
  i know people who voted leave simply because a fisherman on tv told them their business was dying and they 'd be better off outside the eu , they literally just voted to help that fisherman , and ignored everything else that was said . 
  does n't change the fact that much of the power of the anti-immigration movement has its basis in pure unadulterated racism . 
  the accusations that are constantly laid at the feet of eu migrants by the immigration lot very rarely have a basis in fact , so their narrative power must come from elsewhere . 
  maybe it 's the fact that people want to believe that british culture is inherently superior and should never be diluted ? 
  maybe it 's the fact that many people no longer feel so special when the rights they enjoy are also afforded to foreign residents ? 
  maybe it 's the fact that many people feel uncomfortable and afraid when they hear foreign languages spoken in the streets ? 
  eu migrations has been a boon for this country . 
  it has made us wealthier as a nation , it has brought much needed growth to stagnant industries , it has allowed to retain a degree of international relevance as a magnet for talented people wanting to work in cutting edge industry . 
  the reasons for getting rid of it are few , and the vast majority of those reason only hold up to scrutiny in the minds of people inherently biased by subconscious racism . 
  all those studies suggest only a very small impact on the wages of lowest earners . 
  a separate question , that of unemployment is also a factor , but the uk has very low average rate of unemployment currently , 5.1 % , and yes this figure is likely inflated by zero hours contracts and people being pressured into self employment . 
  however , even taking that into account it 's still a very low rate of unemployment . 
  sure , if you happen to be agricultural labourer in lincolnshire , coming from a long line of agricultural labourers , i might be able to understand why you 'd vote leave on the basis of personal welfare alone . 
  however , it does n't change the fact that most leave voters will be worse off outside the eu . 
  why do people vote against their interests ? 
  either it 's because they are misinformed , and to be fair i think a lot of people were misinformed prior to the referendum , or it 's because there are ulterior motive for their vote , something they prize more than the economic health and prosperity of the country . 
  one of these ulterior motives is racism , there are other motives of course , nationalism , protectionism , irrational fear of eu federalism , but racism is a powerful one . 
  it 's all well and good to point the finger at neoliberalism , to say , neoliberalism has harmed the livelihoods of the most disenfranchised . 
  however , this fails to acknowledge the real core of the issue , which is that neoliberalism is a product of globalism . 
  it has emerged as the dominant ideology for good reasons . 
  if we count the uncontested reign of neoliberalism to have started with new labour , it has reigned over some of the most prosperous times for britain in recent decades . 
  it would be fine for the people to rally against neoliberalism if they had an alternative , but honestly the vibe i hear from the people is a return to protectionism , to british jobs for british workers and so on . 
  however , the average impoverished person has no clue about the global economic situation , they just see prosperity they 're not part of and get angry , thinking they should be given a slice of that pie . 
  in reality a return to this type of economic discourse will be disastrous for the country . 
  it 's a king cnut strategy of standing against the tide of global change . 
  in my opinion the fault is quite clear , it 's the tory government 's austerity , their failure to placate the poorest demographics with adequate social support that has rallied them against modern economic policy . 
  i 'll also add that the sense of political powerlessness people have is an illusion . 
  if people have cared enough they could have shaped the policy of the labour party well before now , the truth is people seemed pretty happy with things so the labour party saw no need for reform , or at least people did n't have the motivation to change anything ( although they were happy to bitch and moan ) , and they 've just used this referendum to lash out because it was easy . 
  if neoliberalism itself is the problem , then what better suggestion do you have ? 
  i seem to remember the 70s and 80s being pretty full of both economic and political strife . 
  this would 've never happened if we 'd federalised :( ( (, 
   if the vote was to leave , it was n't because of voter ignorance . 
  it was a discussion full of flat out lies , from both sides but especially for the leave side . 
  i 'm for representative democracy . 
  imagine we had a referendum on `` the uk should issue all uk citizens one million pounds sterling '' . 
  now this is a terrible idea , it would completely destroy our currency . 
  now we could line up economic expert after expert on television to explain why this is a terrible idea , why it would n't mean a real increase in wealth , how we 'd be a nation in ruins afterwards . 
  but i bet you that still loads of people would vote for this to happen . 
  you might get a majority , you might not , it does n't matter . 
  the point the fact that it 's the dumbest thing ever and no adult human should seriously consider voting for it , i bet load of people would . 
  some would come out in favour of it , saying the experts were lying and really what they say is all lies designed to stop you taking your free million quid . 
  the newspapers would start humouring these people , printing articles supporting the idea just so they could sell copies to the people who 've already convinced themselves that it 's a good idea . 
  direct democracy is inherently flawed . 
  it 's been shown time and again throughout history . 
  people always vote in a way that reflect their inherent irrational beliefs . 
  this was even shown in ancient greece , using direct democracy the greeks voted themselves into losing war after losing war , because it was so easy to convince the voters to vote in favour of things that reflected their own inherent beliefs about how great and mighty greece was , even when the facts said otherwise . 
  people are just super rational about this , of course their nation will win the war even though the enemy has more troops , of course my football team will win this game despite having played poorly in the last few games , of courses i 'm going to be the special one who wins big on the slot machine despite all the odds being stacked against me , of course my nations economy is going to prosper outside of a wider economic coalition . 
  let 's face it , if we 'd had a grexit a few years ago most of the leave voters would be sneering at the arrogance of the greeks in thinking they 'll be able to do better by themselves than with us in europe . 
  however , when it comes to britain they 're dead certain we 'll be fine . 
  i 'm not saying that direct democracy is terrible all the time , but it 's not the foundation of modern democracy . 
  switzerland is somewhat of an exception , and it probably owes to its wealth , size , and political tradition . 
   the uk is the 5th largest economy in the world and not a side country . 
  the only economy greece has is tourism , more or less . 
  greece may by worse off than britain , but the belief that the uk is n't a side country is straight up delusion . 
  britain is actually the 6th economy now , but counting economies like this utterly stupid . 
  being 6th tells us nothing . 
  what britain is a 2.8 trillion dollar economy , and that puts a lot more perspective on things . 
  world 73,170,986, 
  2 china 10,982,829, 
  3 japan 4,123,258, 
  4 germany 3,357,614, 
  5 united kingdom 2,849,345, 
  greece is a country with 11 million people , it 's actually more realistic to imagine greece carving out a niche in a position more isolated from the global economic community than the uk . 
  except that 's unsound reasoning . 
  even if person 1 has been affected negatively by immigration ( which the data suggests on a small minority actually have ) . 
  it makes no sense for him to vote leave when it 's a vote to make the situation materially worse for him . 
  immigration might lose him some small amount of money , but stopping immigration will lose him his job and a whole lot more money . 
  there are hell of a lot people going around thinking they 've been negatively affected by immigration than actually have been . 
  people are far more likely to decide they 're being negatively affected by immigration when they 're racist . 
  when a sane person see their benefits have been cut and concludes it 's due to the tory 's economic policy , the racist decides it was due to the poles making all the claims , when the sane person sees that lithuanian guy getting a job senior to his position he realises it was because of superior qualifications for the job , whereas the racist concludes it was because of tokenism or some unfair advantage they had . 
  funny how all the people in the debates claiming that briton were being negatively affected by immigration , when asked how they were affected mumbled something about a friend of a friend who lost his job to a polish worker or somebody 's uncle whose wages were n't going up because the romanians were eager for the work . 
  back on planet earth , if certain industries were having their wages impacted by the presence of eu migrants , then the sound thing to do would have been to enact policy aimed at correcting these imbalances while continuing to benefit from the advantages immigrants bring . 
  it was n't to shit the bed and leave the eu just to stop a tiny quantity of immigrants coming in at the expense of our economy . 
  it would have been far easier and cost efficient to start subsidising the wages of agricultural workers and other badly hit sectors , that it will be to completely reshape our economy . 
   neoliberalism did n't start with new labour . 
  i did n't say anything of the sort . 
  i said the uncontested reign of neoliberalism starting with new labour . 
  this broadly coincides with fukuyama 's `` end of history '' , and the rise of a kind of global political consensus . 
  as for the gold standard , you 'll find that the vast majority of economists agree it was the right thing to do . 
  nobody really wants a return to the economics of those days , nor is such a return possible . 
  all this coincides with a opening up the global markets , allowing for greater wealth than we ever imagined before , but also making the previous economic policies based around protectionism and limited trade nothing but a dead weight around the necks of those countries that tried to maintain them . 
  it 's very cool to hate on the financial sector , particularly post 2008 , but it 's just childish scapegoating . 
  ultimately the financial sector provides services , no different from someone who offers a laundry service , people buy these services because of the added value they produce is greater than their cost . 
  in many ways the financialisation of capital , as you call it , reflects the growing complexity of the modern economic and political circumstances we find ourselves in . 
  it 's also worth noting that financial service in the uk make lots of money , much of is paid out as tax , and this is what funds our society .
