  you said `` house prices will go down '' . 
  i 'm telling you that for that to happen , the income of the average brit will have to go down . 
  your idea that it will be easier to buy a house if the economy take a hard knock is completely impossible . 
  the idea that it will be easier to buy a house would require either income to go up while house prices stay the same or rise more slowly than house prices , income to stay the same while house prices drop , or house prices to drop more quickly than income . 
  none of those situations make any economic sense whatsoever . 
  i 'm not saying that you said that income would go up , i 'm telling you that for it to become easier for you to buy a house one of the three situations i listed above would need to happen , one of which is that income will rise , and none of which are remotely feasible . 
  brexit is going to ensure that it 's even harder for you to get on the property ladder , which the minority of super rich will remain unaffected or find it easier to buy up property ( their wealth is spread over the global economy and not the british one ) . 
  what will actually happen is that the average briton will get poorer , and this might drop house prices a bit , but for every saving on a house you make the british public will lose twice as much income , meaning it will be harder to buy a house . 
  meanwhile foreign property investment firms , whose money is in euros , dollars etc. 
  will gorge itself on the housing market , meaning houses do n't really become that cheaper , in the hope of cleaning up a decade down the line when britain manages to sort itself out as a nation once again . 
  perhaps if you 'd bothered to learn the basics of economics before predicting what affects brexit will have then you 'd think more clearly about the matter and agree with the experts instead of placing your belief in an unjustifiable fantasy about cheaper houses . 
  simply put , hell will freeze before you get what you want ... which is quite scary really , because what are all the outraged brexiteers going to turn to when brexit delivers nothing of what they hoped it would . 
  i 'm reading exactly what you 're saying , you 're just evidently not smart enough to see how what i 've said applies exactly to what you 're saying . 
  you said :, 
   house prices will go to shit so those of us not on the housing ladder can afford to buy much earlier/nicer than we would have done before . 
  i 'm telling you that that is actually impossible . 
  it flies in the face of the most basic economic principles that govern modern capitalism . 
  simply put , you will not be able to `` afford '' those cheaper houses because what can `` afford '' will be diminished more significantly than the value of housing . 
  this is a necessary condition of the housing market devaluing . 
  so unless you luck out and make a killing in an economic downturn there 's no way for your access to housing to improve , and before you say there 's no evidence of a downturn , if there is n't one then there wo n't be cheaper houses either . 
  there is simply way in hell that anyone will get better access to the housing market out of brexit . 
  i 'm not saying that you voted for brexit or even support it . 
  i 'm telling you that your hope that better access to home ownership is naive and based on misinformation spread around by people without a grasp of economics who 've been trying to push the brexit agenda . 
  while you might not be doing it intentionally , it 's still harmful to suggest that we might get cheaper housing from brexit . 
  cheaper housing will only come at a much greater cost to the british public , and thus can not confer any net benefit . 
  britain was absolutely critical to the founding of echr . 
  furthermore , i think brexit is proof enough that referendums are a terrible idea . 
  to be fair it was quite an innocent phrase until the nazis coopted it . 
  brexiteer level of debate makes convincing anyone to change their mind virtually impossible . 
  its schoolyard stuff , because so many brexit supporters never left that level of discourse . 
  to me it 's proof enough referendums are bad , which is why they should n't be allowed constitutionally imo , as in countries like germany . 
  i just meant it 's easy to see how someone who was a bit ignorant might not see the harm in its use , not knowing the context and all . 
  either the daily mail employ woefully uneducated people or nazis . 
  i 'm tempted to say a little of column a and a little of coloumn b , but common sense leans towards ignorance over malice . 
  i do n't get her point , is this about television or politics . 
  the idea that there 's some deeply significance between the two is laughable . 
  you ca n't just use a television charity drive as a microcosm of the last 20 years of british political and social change . 
  maybe a love of nostalgia , familiarity , and collective pining for some idea of a simpler safer time is a driving force in modern politics , but comic relief being shit is n't exactly a good reason to think that . 
  comic relief has always been cringeworthy shit , or at least it has been since the advent of the internet and the point at which every stopped identifying with television as the unavoidable cultural unifier it once was . 
  even as far back as the 90s these kinds over cheesy charity drives seemed highly inauthentic and was openly mocked and parodied . 
  they have 100 % of an idea of when someone is claiming benefits , or when someone has no record of tax contribution . 
  people who are financially self sufficient e.g wealthy enough to live without working or have some other source of income are also allowed residency under the terms . 
  it would 've been as simple as telling people that had been on unemployment benefit for over a certain period that they would need to leave the country . 
  lol let me guess you 're an american right winger who thinks europe is overrun by muslim jihadi ... seriously , even with these ghettos sweden 's crime rate as a nation is better than many american cities . 
  not that what 's going on the video is acceptable , but seriously europe 's problems with immigrants pale in comparison to the us domestic issues , but they way the alt-right talk about it you 'd think people were afraid to walk to the streets . 
  much of the uk always has been . 
  it 's like the last 25 years completely missed much of middle england . 
  they 've been grumbling about the foreigners since well before new labour even and now they 're finally taking action . 
  where i grew up any argument over 3 sentences is dismissed on the grounds of sounding `` gay '' . 
  our education system has failed us horribly and that 's about all there is to it . 
  the image of britain as a progressive , dynamic , exciting modern nation only every applied to london and perhaps , to a lesser extent , the larger cities of provincial britain . 
  the rest of the uk has n't moved on since thatcher and is a place where stupidity , homophobia , xenophobia , and aggressive nationalism abounds . 
  do n't worry guys , we 'll build up our sovereignty industry , soon the whole world will be coming to us for `` muh sovereignty '' , not to mention thriving markets in bent bananas and good ol' days . 
   but last i checked it was british nationalism that stopped the third reich at the english channel . 
  what the utter fuck are you talking about . 
  british nationalism had nothing to do with ww2 . 
  also dragging up history from an early part of the previous century is no sound model for basing your modern political opinion . 
  seriously , that 's not an argument , it 's a cheap appeal to the emotions based on outdated cultural memes . 
  simply put , gtfo . 
  imo the problem with britain is the culture of having a small minority of high achieving academics and intellectuals but a majority of thoroughly anti-intellectual , overly sceptical individuals . 
  such scepticism has the problem of making people feel savvy and smart but not replacing the majority opinion with anything remotely cogent . 
  this creates avoid into any opinion can enter , and this void is particularly susceptible to tabloid populism and pub chat level opinions that do n't receive anything like the scrutiny of legitimate political discourse . 
  our everyday culture derides intellectualism , and while there is a `` healthy '' level of scepticism towards abstract , ideological , and political discourse , britain has far exceeded that healthy level in the last couple of decades as evidenced by the fact you can have all the major british political parties , the academic community , and the world political community screaming `` no '' and people will go and vote `` yes '' nonetheless . 
  we 've done a poor job of equipping our populace with the necessary tools for clear thinking on these matters and now they can only be described as easily led . 
  meh , i 'm not sure about that . 
  there are fewer young brexiteers that 's true , but then minority who are seem to be utterly enthralled by the golden age tales of older generations and comprise the worst part of the brexiteer opinions , not even bothering to rationalise their opinion and really being no better than trump supporters , shouting and getting red in the faced without a coherent though in their minds . 
  actually i 've lived most of life in those places , and yes , there is an abundance of stupidity and insensitivity in those places . 
  most people where i grew up worked in trades and industrial jobs , and the culture was thoroughly anti-intellectual . 
  you would n't have to go far to find someone who thinks higher education is for `` booksmart poofters who do n't know their arse from their elbow '' , and thinks that the whole project of multiculturalism is a conspiracy by the global elite to undermine the working man . 
  we 've been ignoring the large number of people in our society that still think this way and it 's bitten us in the arse now they 're at the gates rattling their sabres . 
  middle england is a place where too often the loudest most self-assured voice trumps reason , and that 's just a sad reality of what our working class culture is like . 
  british culture has always had a streak of anti-intellectualism , especially when compared the wealthier part of western europe . 
  there 's nothing wrong with it , within reason , imo it 's actually quite a good quality not to get carried away with ideological notions , grand political ideals , and the adoration of `` great minds '' . 
  however , it 's now got out of hand to the point at which ordinary people struggle to distinguish properly thought out legitimate political positions and pure faith based arguments with no basis in reality . 
  we 've watched this kind of stupidity politics from afar in the us for the last decade or so , but now we 've become exactly the same . 
  i 'm not saying those things did n't exist before . 
  my point is that the politics thatcher have passed those people by . 
  multiculturalism , modern european britain etc. 
  have never really be accepted or understood in those communities . 
  yes , that 's always the way , because people who want to live in small rural communities where nothing has changed for 50 years tend to be incredibly conservative ( unsurprisingly ) . 
  difference is that the divide in the uk has grown untenably wide and lead to a political divide throwing us into crisis . 
  bit harsh , if the alternative was getting your arse beat it was the right tactical decision . 
  it 's not like britain 's power projection could 've matched germany at the time . 
  hmm . 
  i agree people idealise the past , but i also think that in the past being ignorant was considered a bit more shameful , now you have people often revelling in their ignorance with seemingly no shame in being completely air headed and uninteresting in anything outside of their bubble . 
  look , we all disagree over the degree of multiculturalism britain embraces , for example , if someone says they think we need to work to promote better social integration that 's a fine opinion . 
  the idea , however , that we can opt out of globalisation , and the idea that we need to return to some ideal of the past , has no intellectual basis whatsoever . 
  it is an argument felt in the gut , the product of britain 's history and the ideas it begat that permeated deep into our culture . 
  the people shouting loudest about brexit are lager louts and unthinking conformists . 
  they are not clever people . 
  god , just thinking back to my school days and teenage years it 's appalling how many aggressive angry people our country raises . 
  having grown up and worked in a proud white working class community most of life i can assure that the number of stupid uneducated people who loath reason and love emotive narratives is obscene . 
  they claim to love the country but you do n't see them doing anything to better themselves personally to better their nation , you hear a lot of excuses for morally questionable behaviour and an unwillingness to accept the rules must apply equally across society . 
  you do see a lot of problems with anti-social behaviour and huge number of people on benefits though . 
  these people are beyond reasoning with , and see the world solely in terms of power and my will over yours . 
  they then ask themselves why their regions are n't economically prosperous or relevant . 
  before seeing more the world i took it for granted that this was normal , but i can assure it 's not . 
  we 've allowed parts of our culture to fester intellectually and now we 're paying the price . 
  so to answer your question , the vast majority of educated people support multiculturalism to some degree or another , yes , it has a lot to do with anti-intellectualism , as it 's only uneducated people who think we can turn back the clock , get rid of foreigners and return to some homogeneous fantasy ideal . 
  just yesterday , i made the mistake of reading pro-brexit opinions and there were huge numbers of people making arguments like `` we did n't need foreign labour in the 70s , so we do n't need them now '' , as if that were a remotely logical way to think about anything .
