  there was a whole bunch of time between the fall of the roman empire , the rise of middle age western european civilisation , the early modern period , and then the british empire . 
  to be fair , if you dump soil in a field or bit of waste land , is that really fly tipping ? 
  it 's hardly hurting the environment to move some soil from one bit of land to another ( unless the land you move it to is a protected habitat or something like that ) . 
  only the most anal of uptight rule sticklers would give a shit about that , surely ? 
  seems to me that only commercial interests would have so much soil that they would struggle to get rid of it in a suitable way . 
  as for rubble , that 's a bit harder to dispose of . 
  the dutch food place near me in the rhineland does curry sauce at 5,000,000 scovilles if you ask for it , so i 'd be careful with that one . 
  i do n't really miss anything particularly . 
  most of what we 've got back home they 've got here too . 
  there is also an ex-pat shop where you can most british products you might miss , although i rarely visit it . 
  only occasionally picking up a jar of marmite and a bottle of lucazade when i 'm passing by . 
  you can even pick up back bacon and large blocks of mature cheddar in the regular supermarket here if you know where to look . 
  honestly , i think now if i moved back to the uk i 'd miss just as much about here , good kebabs , cheap take out , good cheap beer , as i ever missed about the uk . 
  ultimately , i do kind of miss english real ales , which are a nightmare to get hold of , and substituting them for craft beers , irish red ales , and newcastle brown just does n't really work . 
  occasionally i 'll fancy fish and chips with mushy peas or something , but then i 'll remember the # 7 price tag and go eat something better quality for half the price . 
  the one thing i think i truly miss is being about to communicate effortlessly with people . 
  instead of in broken english or german , but the solution to this is for me to improve my fluency , and not to return to england . 
  i do n't think it was even that . 
  the trailer guy had over $ 280k on his poker account , the yacht guy was a failing investor of sorts shown on the following scene with an investment portfolio with only a few dollars in it . 
  i think it 's more that the yacht guy superficially ticked all the right boxes that she was impressed by , despite being a complete idiot . 
  despite both characters living in mobile accommodation , neither having a proper job , neither living conventional lives , because one superficially has the trappings that are associated with wealth , a yacht , a flashy clothes and furniture , and presents himself as working in investment he is perceived as desirable despite being a complete douche , broke , and an actual murderer . 
  the other dude , because he has things associated with poverty , a trailer , modest clothes and furniture , long hair , and claims to have made money with gambling , he is perceived as undesirable despite actual wealth and seemingly like a genuine well meaning dude . 
  the jokes with the gambling is that there 's considered to be a big cross over between what gamblers do and what high stakes investors do , both are in a sense forms of gambling . 
  the point is that the woman in the sketch is only looking at the two guys superficially . 
  she 's relying on stereotypes such as `` men who have yachts are rich '' , `` men who work in finance are rich '' , `` men who live in trailers are broke '' , `` men who play online poker are gambling addicts '' . 
  the double standard is that a complete douchebag who can display these superficial trappings of desirability will get interest , even if he 's actually broke and feigning success , whereas a modest guy who does n't display their superficial trappings , or chooses things that are considered trappings of poverty , is met with suspicion and repulsion . 
  you can also see the double standard as applying to things , a mobile home on wheels is unattractive , a mobile home on water is considered sexy , claiming to be making money gambling on poker is met with extreme suspicion , claiming to be making money gambling on stocks or currencies is n't questioned at all if you outwardly appear wealthy , being a bit stalkerish about a girl who is into you is considered romantic , being a bit stalkerish around a girl who is n't is consider psychopath behaviour . 
  i think we all meet a douchebag or two in our lives who despite having no ambition or success in life was lucky enough to have rich parents who support him through his adult life , or had rich parents who died and left him a house and inheritance money , and with this he 's been able to front as if he were a big shot with fancy cars , clothes , to get laid his whole life without actually doing any work or becoming a decent person . 
  i 'm not making any assumptions really . 
  if linguists are clear on anything it 's that 1 ) languages change 2 ) the reasons why they are change are often so complex that they initially seem arbitrary 3 ) language change is rarely explainable solely in terms of conscious efforts of individuals , and when it is that is usually pretty clear ( e.g people ceasing to use words associated with nazi german in the post-war era ) . 
  even an explanation like `` people reported that they stopped pronouncing `` cross '' to rhyme with `` force '' because they thought it sounded affected and pretentious around the year of 1933 -1945 '' does n't give us an explanation of why language changes , as prior to this becoming the general consensus amongst certain speaking communities conditions must have been such as to give rise to this consensus , and that might not be explainable purely in terms of the intentions of speakers . 
  ultimately all i 'm saying is that languages change , and we ca n't give a complete explanation why ( there are many theories in this regard ) , but to assume people change their accents `` on purpose '' , is just wrong . 
  the vowel most americans use in the word stand is actually more traditional short - a sound , and is found very conservative rp dialects . 
  it sits closer to - e than the more common british modern short - a heard more commonly these days . 
  what you 're hearing here however is diphthongisation of the vowel that is common in parts of the mid-west ( which incidentally is where people are consider liable to naturally speak a dialect that is closest to formalised general american english ) . 
  notice how it almost sounds like stee-ann , diphthongisation is a process whereby a monothong , a single vowel , turns into a diphtong , two vowels that your mouth slides between as you say the word . 
  throughout the 20th century british speakers went through a sound shift that resulted in the short letter - a becoming more open in many dialects . 
  for you experts out there it 's the open unrounded front vowel i 'm talking about , which in american english is typically the near-open unrounded front vowel , and was in britain too in many dialects , changing in the 20th century . 
  it 's easy to see how this pronunciation has sneaked in there , despite not matching the general american phonetics . 
  the dictionary makers evidently hired someone from the mid-west to pronounce the words and hoped that would be good enough . 
  wow i just whooshed that so hard . 
  maybe to put it better . 
  some women are attracted by the symbols that society deems symbolic of wealth more than by anything substantial . 
  you realise the original worcester , and place of origin of the sauce , is in england right ? 
  if anything you massachusetts folk are doing it wrong . 
  that 's just wrong . 
  place names in the uk often retain their pronunciation for hundreds of years , however they retain their written name for many more hundred if not thousands of years . 
  the answer to why many british place names are pronounced a certain way is `` fuck you that 's how people in the 17th century decided to say and we 've stuck with it ever since '', 
  circencester is usually pronounced like sire-ren-cester , but historically was shortened to `` sister '' . 
  just no, 
  is clearly wrong, 
  perhaps if english is your second language . 
  it 's simply `` glo-stuh '' , the problem is that americans ca n't say - o , so it sounds like `` glah-stah '', 
  new englanders `` try '' to pronounce the name the english way at least . 
  honestly , `` wistah '' is just wrong on many levels . 
  only shrill hollywood nasal whines can be taken seriously any more it seems . 
  jesus , why do so many people in britain want to lower immigration . 
  this anti-immigration narrative has rooted so tightly in our culture that people do n't even question it anymore . 
  i do n't think it 's a surprise to anyone really , the journalist has obviously had his head up his arse for a long time . 
  i think in the late 90s and early 00s mdma/pills really shifted dynamics . 
  it went from cool 20 somethings in legendary elite underground clubs taking e for 5-10 quid a pop , so disenfranchised teens taking pills in the park with a few cans of stella and maybe small bag of weed , paying 50p - # 1 a pill . 
  lots of those teens grew up to be otherwise very typical people , that do n't associate strongly with counterculture or some sense of an alternative lifestyle , and many of them acquired a taste for mdma based drugs which they now indulge at festivals and on holiday . 
  my point is that it 's not worcester because of `` worce-ster '' , because in other names like circencester , it is pronounced `` siren-sester '' . 
  also if you pronounce it like worce-ster it will still be wrong . 
  it 's wuss-stuh ( with the same vowel as in pussy ) . 
  the pronunciation of place names has more to do with pre-modern english dialects . 
  sometimes due to the phonetic rules they used to govern speech , and sometimes simply because the locals could n't be bothered with a long form of the name and just shortened it or dropped syllables . 
  as the uk became more homogeneous and dialects became less pronounced , those words stayed the same because they were considered proper names . 
  i know what you mean when you say they `` look weird '' to americans , but actually that 's nothing to do with their spelling . 
  most place names in the us tend to follow certain orthographically patterns ( the ones that people in the 17th-19th century tended to be most familiar with ) , excluding those based on native american names or other european language of course . 
  also the people doing the naming were often literate ( since it was mostly people of authority doing the naming ), 
  point is i bet if you saw a town called stoneley you would know it 's pronounced `` stone-lee '' rather than `` stone-lay '' . 
  but the reason you know this is n't because the name is spelt phonetically , you know this because it follows a pattern that 17th-19th century english speakers were familiar with . 
  in fact `` stoneley '' is n't particularly logical , and it 's certainly not phonetic , it 's just using rules from that were understood during a particularly stage in the english language . 
  in the uk on the other hand those names arose much earlier when the english language was very different , some during roman times , some during saxon times , some during norman times etc. 
  the vast majority of the people at the time were illiterate . 
  the written names of places in the uk are just fossilised approximations people made of how the word sounded to them . 
  when you live in the uk you get used to their archaic patterns , and the modern conventions governing their pronunciation . 
  with time you get it maybe 85 % right and the other 15 % you can just learn . 
  in the end , english is not a phonetic language ( and i 'm surprised by the number of americans who think it is ) , the rules governing american place names are also highly illogical from a phonetic perspective . 
  the only real difference is that us place names follow modern english orthographical rules for the most part , whereas britain has names from older forms of english 's orthographical rules . 
  bloody `` those countries '' , always getting into shenanigans , what will the cheeky rascals get up to next ? 
  to be fair , the people who they hire to try this shit might as well be aliens , they seem to make really big deal of slight differences in confectionery preferences . 
  i wonder what happens if you just lie in its path . 
  i wish it were 2002 again : /, 
  going to take the obvious answer . 
  i 'm pretty sure they 'd all be asking why the fuck they were there together . 
  never . 
  i do n't think it happens as much as reddit thinks . 
  i have overheard people speaking before , mostly in tourist areas , but it 's always some boring shit like them discussing where to go next . 
  then again may i 'm just unlucky because my native is english and the language i speak is spoken in the country i live in , so the people here assume you can speak the language of the country , and nobody in europe is dumb enough to try to use english as a secret language in europe , where basically everyone under 50 has at least some knowledge of english . 
  the only chance i have to do this is english speaking countries with people who speak the language and do n't expect others to , and that 's no something that happens to me often . 
  2-3l range of beer if you have to function the next day . 
  ( assuming 5 % abv ), 
  no shots if you 're not prepared for a hangover, 
  tequila ... never . 
  absinth ... never . 
  ( except for the rare times you do ), 
  clear spirits  dark spirits, 
  drink water before sleeping when you 're drunk,
