  it 's funny how so many of the people who push for harsh punishment for crimes , and people how think going to prison makes you scum are also people who think they 're badasses and act tough , exactly the kind of people who while not real criminals could easily fuck up and end up serving a short stretch out of sheer stupidity . 
  do n't worry , it 's a very specific american thing call jail the place you go before you are bailed or if you ca n't meet bail . 
  that 's a nonce in the uk . 
  you do n't want people to think you 're a nonce , they actually have a special section to keep them from being abused . 
  true , but it 's eminently possible . 
  i have n't got a record , but i 've been accused before , it 's amazing how easily something can escalate into a potential conviction over some dumb shit just being at the wrong place at the wrong time , bar fight , drugs bust , and so on . 
  i bet they pronounce it incorrectly and pronounce it with a - v instead of an - f. 
  queers and steers ? 
  as someone who has lived in munich for over a year i can tell you you 're mistaken , shops close at 8pm , this is later than the uk where they close at 5.30 pm - 6.00 pm . 
  saturday is a normal day for almost all shops apart from the small privately owned ones , opened until 8pm , occasionally an hour early closing or something . 
  the only major differences are that most thing closes on sunday ( not bakeries , imbisse , restaurants and bars though ) , and that supermarkets , which typically stay open until 11pm in the uk , close at the same time as regular shops here , which is 8pm . 
  only shops over a certain size are only allowed to open for a few hours on sunday , i think the rules is 10am - 4pm or 11am-5pm . 
  the reason for this is actually to support smaller shops which can stay open all day on sunday . 
  there is a lot of support for this rule from what you 'd call `` convenience stores '' , but it allows them to make a killing on all the people who do n't make it to the supermarket on time and need to get some essentials . 
  why would you have screens when there 's so few bugs ? 
  i 'm sorry but you 're wrong , that is a common myth that has been debunked millions of times . 
  furthermore article is renowned to be false . 
  do not trust anything journalists write about accents or linguistics . 
  this one is almost as bad as the `` american is the original english myth '' . 
  first off it 's impossible to have a `` most neutral '' accent , neutrality is not a quantifiable linguistic quality . 
  `` flourish '' in this case means absolutely nothing . 
  secondly the effect that article is referencing , the phenomenon by which singers seem to lose their accent when they sing is well studied and understood . 
  however that article is a perfect example of this american linguistic ethnocentrism , because it take that to mean that therefore people `` with accents '' sound more `` american '' when they sing , which is n't remotely true . 
  what actually happens is that many distinctive properties of spoken language are ( usually ) lost when someone sings . 
  focus is put on producing a flat clear vowel sound , often the positioning of the vowel may be altered in accordance with what the singer feels is more comfortable and so on . 
  as a consequence singers lost many of the vocal properties we associate with region and nationality . 
  an extreme example of this is opera singers , you 'll find an american and a british opera singer pretty much indiscernible from just their sung voices ( assuming they 're singing in english ) . 
  now there are some exceptions to this . 
  for example some singers are known for deliberately retaining their spoken accent in their singing , however this is only possible because they 're developed a style to do this . 
  it actually involves a form of overcompensation . 
  secondly there are some singers who do actually sing with an american accent deliberately because this is what is expected of the genre of music . 
  for example the beetles early work definitely shows signs of americanisation , interestingly as their careers progressed they became less american and more of their natural liverpudlian accents could be heard . 
  the final phenomena worth noting is that sometimes singers mess with their accents to fit rhyme schemes . 
  for example a british singer who in their native accent might not rhyme the words math and path , may change their pronunciation of path to make it fit . 
  however this actually goes both ways . 
  american singers who speak rhotically ( pronouncing the - r in words like bird and word ) often sing non-rhotically because it eases singing and can facilitate rhymes , with this alone you could argue that american singer actually sound more british when they sing , although that would be a bit silly given what we 've already covered . 
  in the end the thing to realise is that sung voice neutrality goes both ways . 
  to british people american singers sound more british , they do n't sound strongly british like the clash or ed sheeran , but they sound much less obviously american than if they were speaking normally . 
  the same goes for irish , australian , and other accents of english . 
  that tourist site is out of date because it say it 's just saturday . 
  i 've spoken with friends about this . 
  if you were there a few years ago that makes sense too . 
  in the last few years it 's become completely standard for virtually all shops to stay open until 8pm mon-sat . 
  this is true of all supermarkets , every bakery i 've visited , all chain shops that are operated by a big company as opposed to owned by a single person , it 's not completely ubiquitous . 
  it 's very handy for stuff like clothes shopping because you have a few hours after work , better than the uk where stuff stuff like h+m closes at 6pm sharp . 
  locals have told me that this is a relatively new phenomena that 's been phased in over the last couple of years though . 
  different people have different abilities to discern accents . 
  when i speak german for example people often assume i 'm german , just a non-local with a funny dialect , or at least dutch myself . 
  i never grew up around german . 
  then again i 've always been able to impersonate different accents decently with sufficient exposure . 
  honestly i do n't think accent is often a good indicators of ability with language , i 've known people who speak english remarkably well with strong accents and people who only have traces of accent who actually do n't have a great command of the language . 
  having a good accent can be a curse to be honest , since people will assume you 're more competent than you are and not go as easy . 
  yeah it 's a cool place . 
  i was lucky enough to live there until recently . 
  bavarians , the ones in munich at least , at slowly being dragged into the 21st century . 
  i do n't know what it was like when you were here but from what i 'd heard i was expecting it to be like rural france , when in fact it 's not at all . 
  all the bus stops have digital screens telling you when the next is coming , the u-bahn runs 5am - 2.30 am or thereabouts , the night bus and tram service is solid . 
  [ just going to leave this here ] ( http://i.imgur.com/sqxdvxk.jpg ) , it 's the countries with more scientific nobel prizes than millions of people . 
  the bread and butter of english is germanic , the fancy icing is french and latin . 
  i.e they consented in the moment and regretted it later . 
  that is not rape , they may think they feel `` raped '' , but in fact what they 're experiencing is regret and self-loathing . 
  saying they feel `` raped '' is externalisation of the fault onto an innocent party . 
  although the scout leader was . . 
  which is itself stupid , because it 's not wrong to tell the victim they have not been raped , that kind of logic is absolutely ridiculous . 
  i mean what you 've said is literally inconsistent `` when they did not consent '' when `` the appearance of consent negated the criminal offence '' . 
  there is not difference between `` consent '' and `` appearance of consent '' , unless someone is literally holding a gun to your head then as an adult you are held to what you say and not what you feel , or feel later . 
  none of this diminishes whether or not someone has undergone a traumatic experience , none this says , and it 's your fault that you feel bad about it afterwards and you 're a bad person . 
  all it means is that rape is defined as crime that occurs when someone inserts their penis into someone without their consent , consent is defined as whether someone reasonably appeared to agree to this event occurring at the time . 
  anything else is absolute madness , you can not allow a double system where one is `` illegal rape '' and the other is `` unfortunately not prosecutable rape '' , you ca n't allow feminists to define rape because they are not law makers , all they will want to do is enshrine women 's rights in the strongest fashion possible without understanding how harmful , impractical or unjust a bad law can be . 
  nor can we let the use of political language influence our legal system into broadening the definitions or conditions of rape , just because a minority of people feel that it should be . 
  `` feeling raped '' is ridiculous as saying `` feeling stolen from '' , in this world things either are or are n't , one was either raped or one was stolen from . 
  you can say `` i suspect i was raped '' or `` i suspect i was stolen from '' , but it 's up to the legal system to decide whether one was or was n't . 
  that 's actually beside the point imo , and please refrain from the childish mra labelling , i 'm not remotely interested in mra . 
  if someone freely indicates that they consent at the time of the act ( without any factors that would invalidate this ) , it can not be a matter of actus reus without mens rea , that would suggest the actus reus is dependent on whether or not the `` victim '' feels raped . 
  when imo in this situation the conditions for neither have been met . 
  a true hypothetical example of actus reus without mens rea would consist of someone having committed rape but without the intention to do so , that would be a non-consenting partner ( including partners who are unable to give consent ) but for some reason it would be unreasonable for the active party to be aware of this . 
  now what consent requires is obviously a difficult question . 
  however what i 'm suggesting is that much of the time the appearance of consent does constitute consent regardless of how someone feels about it later ( or even at the time ) . 
  the notion that i most strongly advocate for is that while there are things that can make the appearance of consent not constitute consent , feelings are not one of them . 
  for example if the victim were being blackmailed , say their family were tied up at home at gun point and they were being made to agree to sex with the first man they saw . 
  in this case they would be appearing to consent without actually consenting to the act . 
  this would also be a case where rape was committed without intent , since it would be unreasonable for the active partner to be expected to be aware that the victim was only appearing to consent . 
  what i think is ridiculous and dangerous however , is to suggest that when a partner appears to consent to sex without any real factors that would invalidate this consent ( blackmail , active intimidation , extreme intoxication , mental health , etc. 
  ) , that it does n't necessarily constitute legitimate consent , and that therefore a rape may have occurred , merely a rape of a sort that can not be prosecuted because there was no intent to rape on behalf of the accused party . 
  we simply can not allow this definition of consent to be taken seriously . 
  if i entered soberly into a contract , with full awareness of what the contract entailed , and then later that i retroactively tried to remove my signature from the contract because i `` feel '' that i was tricked into signing the contract , without any grounds for this such as being blackmailed , intimidated , intoxicated or non compos mentis , then i would be laughed at . 
  i do n't see why rape is any different ( although it 's obviously not appropriate to laugh ), 
  none of this means that someone who consents to a sexual act at the time but did n't truly want it or later feels bad about it did n't undergo a traumatic experience , none of this means that such a person is a fault . 
  what it does mean however is that they were not raped . 
  what definitely is n't true imo is that they were raped by a party who had no intent to rape and could n't be reasonable expected to be aware of the fact they were raping someone , what is true is that they were n't raped full stop . 
  in this situation i see no problem with telling someone that they were not raped , in fact not to do so is absurd . 
  there is a big difference between freely indicating that they consent but actually not wanting to , or wanting to and then regretting it later , and someone not indicating consent or appearing to consent in a way the is demonstrably invalid and nonetheless being penetrated by a penis . 
  this is nothing to do with mras , i am certainly not one , it 's merely to do with the fact that human beings are rational animals or at least have to be treated as such for the purposes of the law . 
  the point is that consent is not dependent on how someone feels about something , that it 's perfectly possible to feel raped when no rape has occurred . 
  what i do n't like about what you 're saying is that you 're putting significance of the parties experience of these acts , when in reality the questions are `` did they appear to consent ? '', 
  `` if yes : is there any reason for us to believe that this appearance is somehow invalidated ? '', 
  if no , then a rape has not occurred end of story as far as i am concerned . 
  what we can not allow for is a situation like this . 
  a small individual ( male or female ) agrees to go home with much larger individual ( male ) after having dinner , both parties are entirely sober , sane , and free of coercive factors ( in fact all factors what could possibly invalidate their consent ) . 
  upon arriving home the larger individual asks `` would you like to engage in penetrative sexual intercourse ?
