  it 's important to point out that these mystery - r 's only show up when a word ending with a vowel is followed by a word starting with a vowel . 
  nobody will add an - r when just saying `` america '' without anything following it , nor will they say it in a phrase like `` america jumps '' as there 's a perfectly good consonant to link the words together . 
  yeah but most people figure that out when they 're around 14 unless they 're a bit dim . 
  there are some phonetic similarities . 
  some speculate that some of the influence is due to the hannover dynasty having some influence on defining `` the queen 's english '' , so the royal court aped the controlled speech of the early georges , but this could be purely hearsay . 
  both british rp and standard german pronounce - t as a hard - t sounds regardless of where it falls in the word . 
  american dialects use a sound closer to a - d unless the - t falls at the start of the word . 
  german and british rp do n't pronounce the - r at the end of a word or syllable unless it 's followed by a vowel . 
  instead this - r modifies the quality of the vowel . 
  both standard german and british rp use a rounded sound for the letter - o and older british dialects had both the long and short version of the vowel corresponding to - o , and both dialects still feature these sounds . 
  all these qualities are shared by british rp and standard german , but are foreign to north american dialects for the most part ( with a few minor exceptions ) . 
  arguably this is simply due to the fact that these are patterns of germanic language generally , which both english and german are . 
  american english has drifted a bit more from this pattern across northern europe . 
  yeah but i was talking about canadians day to day , not official standards . 
  also i think tyre is still standard . 
  i know someone who had the same experience in brum years ago as a teenager . 
  they really are a bunch of cunts . 
  ok , this topic is actually quite interesting because historically free and easy movement between developed economies in the modern era is quite rare . 
  the eu is an exception to this of course , but it would n't be fair to see the eu project entirely as a agreement between equal nations to allow free movement . 
  a large motivation for the eu was about moving people from countries with excess population and not enough economic activity to countries with economic activity but too few workers to support their social systems long term . 
  if it were just high gdp countries in the eu it would be a very different type of union . 
  when it comes to oz people might joke that everyone would leave because of the weather but that 's not entirely serious . 
  if there were free movement between uk and aus there would no doubt be an initial shift around , with a significant number of brits moving out there and a significant number of aussies moving out here . 
  however , after the initial big movements things would level out and i doubt we 'd see any really significant population changes . 
  the real reason we have these barriers is labour markets . 
  it 's not like free movement between most western nations , especially in the anglosphere as people can immediately effectively work in any english speaking country , would actually lead to social chaos in the same way that free movement with india or china would , so there has to be another motivation . 
  what political leaders want to avoid is a situation where an economic downturn in one country leads to workers jumping ship . 
  it can lead to the polarisation of skills in each market e.g australia loses all its bankers to london overnight due to better prospects there , the uk suddenly has a shortage of surgeons due to better wages and working conditions in oz . 
  this is already something that is happening within in the eu . 
  london has been absorbing all of europe 's best financial talent for years , germany sucks up engineers from all over the eu due to the number of opportunities in that market . 
  the problem with this is that as one market pulls ahead with the influx of talent , the others fall behind in a way that is very hard to repair later on . 
  most nation states want diverse economies , so barriers to easy movement of labour are important . 
  ca n't help but feel like big ben 's going off is symbolic of britain 's international reputation . 
  anyone noticed how much this sounds like rick and morty ? 
  that 's nonsense , if you believe that you fundamentally do n't understand the eu and how it works . 
  also brexit simply means british exit from the european union , it does not dictate the relationship between the eu 27 and the uk beyond that . 
  having your cake and eating it would be expecting to retain benefits without sacrificing anything e.g free market access without the four freedoms . 
  the custom 's union , however , is a separate matter . 
  all membership of the custom 's union requires is that britain follows pertinent eu legislation when it comes to trade and goods allowed within the custom 's area . 
  the eu is not a one speed package . 
  there are plenty of examples of partial inclusion , see etfa , extended custom 's union for details on this . 
  there is a strong precedent for it . 
  if britain wants this deal it will have to pay for it in other ways . 
  if it wants immigration controls then it will have to sacrifice other things , and that 's not having your cake and eating it , it 's finding a compromise that is tolerable to everyone . 
  screaming `` having your cake and eating it '' at any country that wants to be neither a full blown eu member nor complete 3rd party state is fucking stupid . 
  nobody would suggest that norway or switzerland are having their cake and eating it , because they miss out on many benefits of eu membership in order to leverage the level of independence they feel comfortable with for a variety of reasons . 
  i 've definitely heard english people say shoot . 
  older people who do n't swear say it for sure . 
   we know which recreational drugs are safe enough . 
  which ones by the way ? 
  i think the medical community is pretty clear on stuff like grass and cocaine that have been around for donkey 's years , but there 's a dearth of decent research on a lot of stuff . 
  i would n't say alcoholism is a problem in the uk any more than anywhere else . 
  in fact , many working class brits do n't even do constant casual drinking as is common amongst more `` sophisticated '' types , perhaps because they 're more aware of what happens if you let a couple of beers or glasses of wine every evening turn into a couple of bottles or 6 packs a night . 
  the way many brits see it , if you 're not drinking to get drunk , what the fuck is the point , might as well drink lemonade and have a clear head for work the next day . 
  anti-social behaviour due to binge drinking is genuinely pretty bad compared to many other developed nations though . 
  germans and french will sit in bars readily intoxicating themselves til the sun comes up or they pass out , many brits simply down 7 pints and a couple of shots over 2-3 hours and get stupid . 
  british drinking culture was definitely more influenced by the 19th century puritanical temperance types who saw drinking as the root cause of the moral failings of the working class . 
  even though britain is pretty relaxed about drinking these days , historically it was strict and had strong laws controlling when and where alcohol could be sold , all based around the idea of preventing the working classes getting too pissed to go to work tomorrow on a weeknight . 
  even today that legacy influences the drinking culture . 
  beer and wine are n't just seen as `` a drink '' in the uk as they are in parts of europe . 
  a workman drinking a beer with his lunch would be seen as odd , anyone walking around the streets with an open bottle during a weekday would be suspected to be an alchie . 
  a peculiar relationship with alcohol is present in most protestant nations imo . 
  except maybe the netherlands . 
  the scandinavians are also pretty bad . 
  arguably the reason brits get drunk so quickly is because of the restrictive drinking hours that meant the night had to end quite early and getting your fill had to be done efficiently on weeknights . 
  good to know she 's still able to play the field at her age . 
  needs a more exciting track imo . 
  it 's always more fun with multiple pathways and strange obstacles . 
  just because a drug is unknown does n't mean that it 's inherently unsafe . 
  i agree that some drugs are more of a known risk , but even stuff like mdma has surprisingly little research , especially long term , that might help us know whether it should be illegal or not, 
  i think the uk educational system puts more pressure on people to mature earlier . 
  from 16 onward you 're basically responsible for your own learning in many respects . 
  real world does n't work like this . 
  the `` look at the eclipse and you 'll go blind '' is really a bit of an oversimplification to stop kids from blinding themselves looking at it . 
  if you 've got a normal light sensitivity threshold then you 'll find you wo n't be able to look at it for more than a split second anyway . 
  not really in my experience . 
  the light level gets reduced so it becomes more like looking at a sunset . 
  that does n't mean it become comfortable to stare directly into for a long time . 
  the real danger is people forcefully extending the amount of time they can look at it out of awe or a sense of not wanting to miss out . 
  forcefully looking at anything that is uncomfortably bright is a great way to damage your eyes . 
  you 're not a mature student , i think they have to be over 30 or smthg . 
  nobody will care if you 're under 25 frankly , and having a few years on your peers is definitely an advantage . 
  this is a genuine problem in the german education system . 
  kids get to uni with the grammar beaten into them , whether they understand it theoretically or not , but pronunciation errors and germanisms are compounded to the point where they often struggle with the notion that a lot of what they 've been doing for the last decade is wrong . 
  lol where is that ? 
  no schei\u00df, 
  yep . 
  that 's the reality . 
  i fucking love cities skylines but this kind of theme mod is of no interest to me . 
  mechanics are everything in a game like this and once they 've worn out the playability is gone for most people . 
  some people like to paint pretty cities but most of us are about the challenge of mastering the mechanics . 
  the game is really dependent on mods to get the most out of it anyway . 
  i 'd be way more excited about a patch with improved tools , transport management , and economic features than this superficial crap . 
  sure there is . 
  but in reality i do n't think most people get heavily into the `` painting '' side of things . 
  nothing to do with wing suits . 
  guy is the embodiment of everything wrong with youtube and the culture around it . 
  ftfy : i have a limit range of expression and just repetitively use phrases people around me use like a parrot , thus leading to me to believe that this turn of phrase has never been used in the united states . 
  this is the laziest piece of journalism i 've ever read . 
  rehashing nancy mitford 's old clich\u00e9s mixed with the journalists own personal quibbles and some american english bashing .
