  my reasoning is that say your credit card got declined and it was the only means you had to pay , i 'm pretty sure most restaurants would let you go so long as you provided them id with an address . 
  secondly i 'm pretty sure the moment you say `` i 'm not paying because the food was n't of an acceptable standard '' it becomes a civil case between the restaurant and the customer , you could still be taken to court and made to pay of course but the restaurant probably would n't bother . 
  this guy is refusing to pay for no reason and sitting there till the police arrive , then saying i 'm not paying because my intention was to steal the food . 
  signing a statement to that effect and telling the judge `` i wanted to steal food '' . 
  there 's not much a judge can do in this situation asides sentence him to the minimum sentence applicable to him for straight forward theft . 
  even then you 'd have to do it number of times in most places before you get a custodial sentence , but he 's probably got a long record . 
  he could probably achieve the same by just picking up something in a shop , showing it to the staff and then walking straight out the door , but this way he gets a fancy meal too . 
  except it 's only the uk that use any imperial measures . 
  as well as the fact they can use the metric as well and only use imperial for traditional stuff like how tall people are , how much they weigh and the distances between places . 
  also stones make a lot of fucking sense . 
  you do n't say you 're 70 inches tall do you ? 
  you say you 're 5 ' 10 . 
  so why not say you 're 14 stone 4 instead of 200 pounds ? 
  i mean using imperial is fucking stupid i 'll give anyone that , but how the fuck does using stone make it any worse ? 
  if you 're going to use imperial measure you might as well use them fucking properly . 
  just ? 
  still prefer alt-j, 
  thank you for catching my autocorrect ... you obviously have no clue about what a stone is . 
  a stone is to a pound in principle almost exactly what a foot is to an inch . 
  14 pounds in stone , 12 inches in a foot . 
   do you have to calculate and convert stones into pounds in your head when you say ' 14 ' stones ? 
  do you have to calculate feet into inches when someone says they are 6 foot . 
  do you do the maths in your head and go 6 x 12 = 72 ? 
  course you do n't . 
  stones are pretty fucking useful because they give you a fast idea of how fat / big someone is . 
  a stone is actually a pretty significant amount weight after all . 
  if someone puts on a stone you can see it on them and be like damn better cut down on the pies there chubby , but if someone puts on 5 pounds you 're like i do n't give a fuck . 
  you can guess how many stones someone weighs far easier than the number of pounds they are , so it 's easier to visualise . 
  i mean the imperial system is retarded , there 's no denying that , but you ca n't fault the logic in giving quantities of smaller units a new name . 
  tyrion 's looking for where whores go , varys is looking for where dwarves go ... 
  yeah seriously do n't do this . 
  hitting someone in the head with a weapon like that will easily land you in jail , judge is going to take a very dim view given all the dangers associated with head trauma . 
  wow this just reminds me of what a load of pretentious cunts people in rock scenes were . 
  so edgy lol . 
  i remember how many people were a bit like this guy in the 90s . 
  before the internet people made everything accessible people could believe themselves so cool , especially if they were in a `` sub-culture '' , jesus they were douches . 
  if you did n't know the right names and bands and stuff you just were n't `` with it '' , you were a poser and had to be socially ostracised . 
  it 's amazing how much social interaction has changed . 
  oh yeah , that 's no doubt . 
  the douchebags have n't gone anywhere , they 've just changed their characteristics . 
  thing is though back in the day if were into something , whether it be music or whatever , it 's not like you could just go google it and become and expert on the `` scene '' with a few hour long sessions of studying . 
  sure there were magazines and stuff , but it was n't like you could even buy those magazines in regulars places , you 'd have to know about an independent record shop or something . 
  i mean having the knowledge when others did n't fed people 's egos massively , but more than that it bred a culture of douchey elitism about being part of the `` in crowd '' . 
  the internet has really leveled the playing field when it comes to sub-culture stuff . 
  i vividly remember being a teen in my city in the 90s , and there would be social hotspots were people would `` hang out '' and it would be like skaters in one corner , punks over there , goths hanging out in their little area , metal guys chilling in another place . 
  people cared so much about their scene and the worst thing you could call someone was a `` poser '' suggesting they lacked some kind of indefinable authenticity and were just trying to be accepted to look cool when they did n't really represent the non-existent ideology of the group . 
  then there 'd always inexplicably be these like 28 year old guys within their scenes who still hung around with teenagers because they liked the power they had on impressionable youths and how they 'd be looked up to , all the while ego-tripping on how cool they were and picking on the kids they did n't like much like the guy in this video . 
  they were literally the `` you know what i like about high school girls ? '', 
  guy from dazzed and confused . 
  like the first thing these groups would do to a newcomer would be to try and test them to see if they were worthy of being accepted into what they perceived as an elite social group . 
  in a way the internet exposed what a load of superficial crap that kind of in group elitism was , looking back on those years is just cringeworthy . 
  nowadays i just ca n't see people refusing to accept someone because they read the wrong punk magazine or do n't know about this or that artist , because learning shit nowadays is just a matter of googling stuff . 
  the only good i can say about that time was that it did make things quite interesting because you 'd socialise with people , just meeting them in the city centre or whatever just because they were into the same shit as you . 
  people with similar interests would spontaneously congregate in certain places at certain times and people would actually interact without knowing each other previously . 
  the downside to this though was being exposed to a lot of weirdos and these kinds of elitist dickhead who believed they were special . 
  nowadays i do n't see anyone seeing another skater/goth/punk or whatever in the street and going to interact with them simply because you feel you have something in common , and i 'd put that down the fact that because the culture is accessible is can be readily imitated and taken up , therefore it does n't have a real meaning any more , it does n't signify any real degree of social similarity . 
  that said i do n't think it ever really did signify anything real , it 's just the internet age has exposed this reality to people rather removed some special thing . 
  i mean a lot of those people i met this way were scum of the earth i 'll add , guys who would say they were going to the off licence and do you want anything , take a few quid off you and never come back , guys that would act all matey and then try to sell you a bag of oregano as weed , even some guys that got into skag because it got them into the inner circle of some groups . 
  shitty people !, 
  wow i 'm surprised he actually did time for that , i would 've thought it would be a suspended sentence . 
  depends where the world you are though and if you 've got a record of course . 
  maybe in some countries yes , however in many countries you can get away with an assault with perhaps a 1 or 2 year suspended over the course of 2 years . 
  of course it depends on the severity of the assault , it may be because his arm was broken and because a weapon was used only a custodial sentence was possible . 
  people have made it political more like , and doing is fucking stupid . 
  it 's a name , a sequence of letters , politicising language is fucking dumb . 
  implying that politics and culture is defined by language ... 
  it does n't even make sense that you have an opinion on it . 
  i would guess that you , like many americans , have some deeply placed preference towards a united ireland , but it 's absolutely illogical when you look deeper . 
  whether there is a united ireland has long since stopped being a question for the roi or the british or anyone else . 
  it 's solely a matter for the inhabitants of northern ireland to decide . 
  hell if they wanted to be their own country that would be fine too . 
  there is literally no reason for anyone outside to have a preference one way or another that this point in history . 
  so many americans seem to want to romanticise the notion of throwing off the yoke of british impression , and this seems to be a major factor in american support for it , but the irony is if northern ireland wanted out of the uk nobody would be stopping them , hell many people in the uk would be glad to be rid of them , it 's just so many of them want to be there . 
  furthermore many of the protestant communities in n. ireland have been there longer than most americans have been in the usa , they have just as much right to the soil under their feet , or more so , than the americans have to theirs . 
  when you actually understand the issue , it makes no fucking sense to have an opinion on the matter , when the majority of people in northern ireland want to unify with the roi they will do so . 
  it 's that fucking simple . 
  i 'll also add that i know irish people that would agree with me here , the ones who acknowledge that it 's stupid to try to frame the protestant communities in n.i as outsiders , and that britain has absolutely nothing to gain from retaining n.i. 
  geography is defined by ideology now ? 
  my bedroom is in japan now . 
  fyi i 'm pretty sure the answer is that pettigo is in both countries . 
  i think you 're wrong and being overly dogmatic because there is a strong parallel between modern multiculturalism and what was going in the past . 
  for example is being an american a multicultural identity ? 
  many cultures living within a shared nation cultural sphere . 
  some might say that being british is different because it was n't about respecting cultural differences under a shared national banner but imposing the culture of the majority onto the minority cultures . 
  that does n't work imo because throughout history being american as equally about the imposition of the wasp majority cultural values onto minority cultures . 
  in many ways any unifying identity is a multicultural identity , whether that be the concept of the british identity unifying the cultures of the british isles and colonies , the concept of the american identity unifying immigrant populations , or the concept of the german identifying what were once disparate nations . 
  the only difference in modern multiculturalism is the rights and level of tolerance given to minority cultures under the unifying banner of the `` multiculture '' . 
  if we define multiculturalism as the notion of many cultures being unified under a common identity then i think the concept of being british does count as a multicultural identity . 
  if we are stricter and define multiculturalism as the unification of people under a common identify but only if minority identities are held , in principle , to be as valuable and as protected under law as the majority culture then it does n't . 
  as for the etymology of the word `` british '' that 's totally irrelevant to the concept . 
  that 's making the simple error of equating the concept to the signifier . 
  ultimately there is a truth to statement that the concept of britishness was in many ways a multicultural identity , insofar as it was n't an identity that existed until the unification of separate cultures of necessary , even if the word pre-dates it , it came about in order to create a unification . 
  however in another sense what it came about to represent originally does n't meet are modern criteria of multiculturalism because to a great degree it was seeking to create a singular culture rather than a plurality . 
  i think nowadays we 'd acknowledge that being german , american or british does meet these modern criteria , but did n't in the past . 
  you still owe us for 1812 ... 
  cue the yanks spinning some bullshit about the impressment of sailors ... it was 1812 , do you really think anyone gave two fucks about he impressment of merchant sailors ... hell we were fighting napoleon , i 'm pretty sure anyone who spoke three words of english was fair game for impressment . 
  i think he means obi, 
  rather it was a term used by the romans to refer to all these islands off the coast of france that was repopularised in the name of british unification . 
  i can perfectly understand irish people not wanting people to use the term british isles , but to deny that ireland is n't part of the british isles is just wrong . 
  the simple answer is to use the terms ireland and great britain , but not british isles , not revise the historical meaning of the term .
