  the plot is dragging and most the character interactions are losing all their exciting properties because nothing new is coming to light . 
  weird , i found last nights episode to be decent , but the rest of the season to be the weakest to date . 
  says the idiot who 's provided no facts whatsoever . 
  also / r/iamverysmart, 
  i enjoyed this episode because to be it felt like the old days when i did n't know what would happen . 
  i did n't feel like i was constantly being teased with stuff that they 'd drag out for episodes and episodes ( e.g toj , conflict with the faith , dany actually doing something ) . 
  the stuff going at riverun is completely new territory for me , and they resolved the whole thing in one episode so i felt like it delivered . 
  i was a little disappointed not seeing the ayra fight or seeing the blackfish die , but a care more about the narrative . 
  i enjoyed the interactions between brienne and jaime , and her and the blackfish , and i thought edmure and jaime 's scene was good imo . 
  lady crane 's performance was really nice ( at least during these points i felt like we were back in previous seasons when character interaction was heavy with meaning and emotion ) . 
  i thought the scenes with the hound were good because they were short and sweet . 
  i disliked the tyrion joke scene but the rest of the episode was fine . 
  all in all i liked the episode because things changed , ayra is free to leave bravvos , and cersei vs the faith seems to be coming a head . 
  however , this whole season has been by far the weakest in my opinion . 
  it feels like nothing much of interest has happened in terms of the geopolitical situation . 
  dany has only just made it back to meereen after arsing around with the dothraki for episode after episode . 
  sansa has n't done much except meet up with jon ( and that did n't happen until ep 4 !, 
  yes she gathered armies but asides bear island that mostly happened off screen ) . 
  jon has n't done anything either . 
  as for king 's landing , not much change there , the faith are still in control , and while margaery might be out of the prison cell , she 's still basically their captive . 
  i think this season has been really heavy on filler . 
  whenever i say this people accuse me of only caring about action . 
  however , that 's not what i 'm talking about . 
  i do n't mind lots of dialogue , however , i do mind if that dialogue is unimportant or does n't do much for character development . 
  i 'm also happy for action to happen off screen , as there 's obviously limitations to what they can show , but at least these off screen plot events drive character relationships to evolve keeping what they do decide to show fresh and interesting . 
  in previous seasons the interactions between characters felt like they were dripping with subtext , hidden meanings , and political intrigue . 
  now it feels like we only get that maybe 1/3 of the time . 
  instead what we get are tonnes of long scenes with nothing much happening . 
  for example , almost all of tyrion 's scenes have been filler , we got long shots of the hound chopping wood and being philosophical with a character they introduced just to kill off immediately , you get long scenes with dothraki trying to be humorous . 
  i really dislike the writer 's attempt 's to inject humour into this season , a lot of the actual script at these point feels totally out of place and modern . 
  it feels to me like the writers placed the narrative point where they want this season to end far too near to where the last season ended . 
  maybe this a deliberate action due to their decision to split the next season into two . 
  nevertheless it 's meant they 've had tonnes of self indulgent dialogue scenes that lack real drama or intrigue , and the plot has barely gone anywhere in the last 8 episodes . 
  what this season does seem to have is fan service . 
  which i feel like the writers are now using instead of good storytelling to keep the fans happy . 
  they gave us jon 's resurrection , but we all knew it was going to happen , and they dragged it out for ages . 
  they do stuff like kill make a big thing of killing off ollie , just because they know that 's what fans think they want , despite his death being rather irrelevant to the overall plot . 
  they give us cutesy interactions like brienne and tormund , tyrion and grey worm , tyrion and varys , because they know that 's what will make the tumblrites wet themselves , but anyone interested in the actual story of ice and fire is just wondering when the fuck something is actually going to change . 
  oh , and do n't forget the nudity , which at this point just seems to be used a crutch for when the writers know there 's nothing much happening . 
  sadly , i 've been disappointed by almost all the episodes this season . 
  i 'm sick of the way the writers are teasing stuff like the toj when we 've waited a year and they should 've given us stuff like that early in the season and we should be moving onto pastures new already . 
  all the other seasons i 've enjoyed but this one has been a major waste of time . 
  most seasons feel like they have an exciting start ( usually not episode 1 but episode 2 or 3 ) , chill out in the middle , and an exciting end . 
  this one feels to me as if it 's been chilled out from the start up to now . 
  it 's almost as if the writers thought we 'd all be so pumped at jon 's resurrection that they did n't need to do anything that exciting for the first half of the season . 
  when in fact jon 's coming back to life was so obviously going to happen and so dragged out that it felt rather anti-climatic and uneventful . 
  to put it simply , the stuff that is happening now at the end of season 6 is literally just the resolution of the situation we already knew about at the end of season 5 . 
  they 've stretched out the whole season in a very similar place . 
  what 's happening now at the end of season 5 should have been happening 5 episodes ago . 
  we knew sansa had escaped at the end of 5 , now she 's finally actually doing something with it , we knew dany has left meereen in season 5 , now she 's only just got back , we knew ayra was training with the faceless men in season 5 , and now she 's only just come to the end of that . 
  it 's been a season of no change so far . 
  we 'll probably see some change now , but it 'll be the end of the season . 
  honestly , you could probably take 50 % of what we 've seen this season and cut it out , and it would n't have a major impact on the plot whatsoever . 
  the best thing that 's happened this season is the hodor subplot , and that was dictated by grrm himself so that 's why it was actually good . 
  the king 's landing , meereen , dany , jon / sansa , and ayra plots have all been weak as hell with very little new information coming to light , only saved by the occasional revelation or dragged out conclusion . 
  the us decides to do that for its own reasons . 
  we would n't mind if you slashed your military budget and used it for healthcare or welfare or whatever , please , go ahead . 
  the fact is that even if the us did n't exist , given the current geopolitical climate there 's no need for the eu to change what it 's doing . 
  there are no threats to nation sovereignty currently . 
  the us is spending vastly to protect against a hypothetical enemy that does n't exist . 
  during the cold war i might 've agreed with you , but those days are over and it 's about time america stopped pretending they were n't . 
  i think they 've decided not to do lsh and that 's fair enough . 
  maybe the show would be better with her but it 's too late to change that . 
  they could have done anything though and it would have been better use of screen time than that scene . 
  why not catch us up with jorah ? 
  why not with jon and sansa ? 
  seriously anything would 've been better . 
  said the man with no fucking clue whatsoever . 
  the pound is the lowest it 's been against the dollar since the recession . 
  funny , because the charts showing currency value say otherwise . 
  the # dropped 7 cents against the dollar the month the referendum it was announced , and in the months leading up to it there was a 17 cent drop . 
  it currently sits 2 cents above where it did in feb 2016 . 
  perhaps you should stop talking shit ? 
  the only time it 's dropped significantly lower than it is now is during the recession in 2008/9 . 
  in may 2014 your pound bought $ 1.70 , now it 's sitting around $ 1.41, 
  [ why do n't i draw you a picture ] ( http://imgur.com/vwquu5w ), 
  got to say i prefer the sound quality on yours . 
  [ times like this call for some music ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wvc677-ymfm ), 
  i 'd attractive all over her face : , 
   the numerous industries that get shafted thanks to eu regulations, 
  do you mean like the bent banana industry ? 
  the vast majority of industries gain from the eu due to the single market . 
   wanting to be more democratically led, 
  ah i see , you want a fptp system that barely represents anyone where 32 % of the country can have majority control over the other 68 % ? 
   allow us to choose our own trade partners, 
  we already do that ... if we leave we 'll have fewer feasible trading partners due to tariffs and the need to renegotiate trade deals with dozens of individual countries . 
  look forward to that recession i guess then : / since i get paid in euros it will be nice to come back and live like a king for a bit , just like britain was able to in most of europe back before the recession ( in part thanks to prosperity within the single market ) . 
  check out king cnut over there !, 
  are economy has not had a loss from the eu whatsoever , in fact , during the uk 's member of the eu we have seen the most unprecedented economic boom in human history ( the period before the recession ) . 
  the prosperity of the pre-recession era can be directly correlated with the single market allowing for more economic competition and a vastly greater scale of economy than europe could muster before . 
   how can both us and somewhere like croatia both gain ? 
  very easily . 
  money and wealth is n't a finite resource that can only benefit one place at the expense of the other . 
  croatia 's gain is our gain . 
  think of it this way . 
  you live on an island that is rich in gold , you have more gold than you can measure . 
  however , you can only do business with 10 traders who visit the island . 
  the 10 traders have stuff you need , and they know you need it . 
  they know you ca n't go elsewhere and they know you ca n't make it yourself . 
  so ultimately you end up giving away heaps of gold for things like food , clothing , and fuel , because you do n't have a choice .
