  now that 's a `` non-sequitur '' . 
  i suppose if i say a b c d , and you say d c b a , that means you can reverse sound in your head now . 
  naturally saying d c b a is impossible according to you , the only way someone could do that is by rote learning all the reverse pairs that match with every set of letters possible , as it 's impossible for humans to `` reverse wave forms '' . 
  you clearly do n't know what a phoneme is do you . 
  you do n't seem to get that most phonemes sound the same forwards and backwards . 
  you seem to be labouring under the illusion that this kid is perfectly replicating speech but backwards , when really all he 's doing is a good enough approximation by saying the sounds in verse order . 
  you are literally so ignorant about how language works it 's unbelievable . 
  likewise , we need to reverse sound in your head to say things backwards , just like we need to reverse waves when we cycle backwards or walk backwards , speaking is n't a physical action at all , it 's clearly done by consciously imaging every sound we produce . 
   you just hyphenated non sequitur , and you think it 's some exotic term . 
  i rest my case : you 're a blithering moron . 
  no , i think it 's the kind of language used by first year sociology students who are trying too hard , when really it 's pretentious , unnecessary and makes the speaker look like a huge cunt , which in this case is quite an accurate appearance . 
  when i worked at a university i dealt with jumped egos with mediocre brains all the time , you 're the staple cunts of the world . 
  here 's a full translation of the article :, 
  * a 19 year old woman was denied entry to the usa at philadelphia airport . 
  according to the `` frankfurt rundschau '' the grounds for this given by officials was that she wanted to work illegally as an au pair . 
  actually she only wanted to visit her relative . 
  the officials sniffed out the information about her plans from facebook messages . 
  * according to the report aimee valentina schneider wanted to visit her second cousin in cleveland . 
  earlier the two had discussed over facebook , whether aimee could look after the children . 
  upon arrival at the airport the 19 year old was questioned for a long time about her 4 month stay , her passport and mobile phone were taken away . 
  she got her mobile back along with a question protocol , upon which the chat with her second cousin , amongst others , was referenced . 
  `` do you have messages on your phone , in which your cousin has suggested that you look after the neighbour 's children , and you tell her that you have a valid licence and can therefore take the children to school ? . 
  as she had not stated that in her visa the 19 year old had to fly back to germany . 
  * the family now want to fight against this treatment and the refusal of entry , and have hired a lawyer . 
  whether the device was password protected and hacked by the officials is not known . 
  it sounds like absolute hypocrisy to me . 
  as far as i can see they 've completely infringed her expectations to privacy by snooping through her phone , password protected or not . 
  they 've also gone and very loosely defined working as an au pair , as far as i can see there was no specific reference to her being paid for doing any of these things , so they 've gone ahead and interpreted her ability to reside in america temporarily as being dependent on her helping out her relatives by doing the school run . 
  essentially they 've decided that she 's working for her room and board by doing a few things that an au pair would , when in reality all she 's done is offered to help out a bit while she stays . 
  there 's literally no reasons to believe that she would n't have been allowed to stay with her relative if she had n't have offered to do these things , but the us customs people have decided that 's the situation anyway . 
  what 's more the number of americans making extended stays in germany without proper visas is just through the roof . 
  funny how only americans guard their country so zealously , as if everywhere else in the world were inferior . 
  [ this will ruin it for you ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=niwrganx6q8 ), 
  i love how you keep mentioning iq like the typical neckbeard , you 're providing me great insight into the mind of an uppity retard with delusions of grandeur . 
  so far you 're hitting all the neckbeard retard tick boxes , using latin and terminology inappropriately and unnecessarily , making arguments from popular culture knowledge they have no expertise in , and talking about iq . 
  all you need to is start circlejerking about stem subjects and richard dawkins and we 'd have collected the whole set . 
   he speaks english . 
  if he 's a normal 10 year old , he knows thousands of words . 
  which is why it 's so hilariously retarded for a guy pretending to be a linguist to be incredulous about `` a 10 year learning hundreds of words by memorising the sound words make '' . 
  i was talking about the backwards words he knows , not all his words you utter pleb . 
   so you 're a neck beard now , right ? 
  or just a hypocrite ? 
  no i was making fun of you trying to throw around terminology as simple as non-sequitur as if it made you an intellectual heavyweight . 
  tell me , how many years of latin have you taken ? 
   * facepalm * yes , because `` dee '' sound likes `` dee '' reversed . 
  mindbogglingly stupid . 
  that 's only because dee is not a phoneme but two phonemes moron , i was making a point : saying a set of sounds backwards is not more complicated that saying the alphabet backwards . 
  fyi dee backwards is eed , it 's pretty much that simple that simple . 
  say a e i o u ( not the alphabet letters , the sounds they make ) now say u o i e a. 
  well done , you just spoke backwards in exactly the same way this kid does , because guess what these sounds are approximately the same forwards and backwards . 
  if you want to know the facts from someone whose actually studied languages , the only sounds that would take a bit of mastery backwards are diphthongs and plosives , everything else is virtually the same backwards as forwards , sounds like `` ay '' `` eye '' `` ow '' `` oh '' `` oi '' `` air '' `` ear '' are glides between two sounds that would need to be reversed , plosives involve a sudden sound that would be reversed to be a sudden stop , but that is literally it . 
   your utter failure at analogy reveals your low iq more than any of the incredibly stupid things you 've said so far . 
  yes , because how to make sounds is nothing to do with muscle memory and physicality , not remotely analogous to a physical act like walking . 
  clearly the only way we could make backwards sounds is by either by having a magical ability to reverse wave forms in our minds or by rote learning from a machine . 
   wait , so using words you do n't understand is pretentious , but pretending to have degrees in a subject you ca n't even pronounce , as a means of argument from authority ( omg , pretentious !, 
  ) , is not ? 
  actually they 're words i learned when i was a teenager , and naturally discarded once i realised they were the staple of pseudo-intellectual cocksuckers such as yourself . 
  [ this comes to mind ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=svrbxprgxv4 ), 
  here 's me sitting waiting for the video to start : /, 
  there is so much wrong with this statement it 's just off the chart . 
   why would n't american accents have a hint of a british accent ? 
  this statement is actually completely meaningless , what would a hint of the british accent constitute ? 
  your judgement is completely relative not to mention the fact that there are multiple forms of british and american . 
  looking only at accents that have been considered standard , would it be fair to say that general american is more similar to received pronunciation than say , creole or patois ? 
  is american english more similar to britsh english than indian or nigerian english is to british english ? 
  obviously the american accents do have plenty of hints of british english in them . 
  most of the consonants are very similar , many of the vowels are similar , compared to certain more exotic dialects american english and british english are damn near the same . 
  i know plenty of non-native english speakers who ca n't tell the difference between american and british accents , i 've even had one adamantly insist we were american because we did n't sound like how they expected british people to sound ( we 're quite rp so that only makes it more bizarre ), 
  the fact is you 're only making this judgement based of a comparison with the australian accent , which in reality is n't even particularly more similar to british than american is . 
  you are suffering from terrible confirmation bias because you are well acquainted with american accents but due to lack of exposure australian and british accent sound more similar to you . 
  if we look in more detail , it depends on which accent you 're talking about . 
  for example australian actually has a lot in common with cockney , because many of the settlers there were from london ( albeit with a large amount of irish thrown in ) . 
  the accent is non-rhotic , maintains the trap-bath split and so on . 
  then again someone from the west coast of england has far more in common with a mid-western american or at least a canadian than they do with an australian , you can see stuff like rhoticity and the merry-mary-marry merger . 
  unsurprisingly in geordie you can find commonalities with scottish english . 
  then look at the east coast of america , the traditional accents of the wealthy classes in places like new england , boston brahmin , locust valley lockjaw and so on , even southern aristocratic accent like what you 'd hear in charleston , all non-rhotic and closer to rp than many accents . 
  long answer : they 're not . 
  however short answer , australia was settled later than america and therefore has some features that are more common in modern british english , although this is n't true of every british or american accent . 
  i 'll also add that many americans seem believe that american is more similar to original english which is absolute bullshit , and this belief is mostly based on rhoticity . 
  in reality american and british are branches of a common tree , they had a common ancestor ( although this is n't strictly true because there was n't just one common ancestor ) , and then each went on their own path evolving into different accents . 
  americans keep the - r but lost the - t , the british kept the - t but lost the - r and so on . 
  honestly i think many americans just lack exposure to different accents and therefore have some crazy ideas , but that 's just my opinion . 
  [ hush now , no tears , only dreams ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=adipoe2leps ), 
  yeah , seems like a bit of a douche to me . 
  lol , you 've just figured it out have n't you , and now you have nothing to say . 
  british accent means nothing more than an accent spoken by someone in britain . 
  there are plenty of accents outside of britain that have more in common with various english accents for example , than the accent in scotland has with those same english accents . 
  to say it was devised is somewhat incorrect . 
  it was a habit the aristocracy picked up which then filtered down to more people . 
  one theory is that the reason for this is because many other european languages are non-rhotic in the way that british english is . 
  germans for example , in the word wirtshaft , will not pronounce there - r , and german has always been considered one of the great musical and poetic languages . 
  it may have been owing to the fact that it 's very hard to sing ( in a classical style ) , while pronouncing - r 's that do n't run on to another syllable . 
  well the thing that annoyed me about the fph ban was that he like subreddits like coontown exist but not fph . 
  seems hypocritical . 
  not remotely . 
  peek/peak/pique , meet/meat/mete, 
  you 're actually wrong again , there is no future tense in england , when it 's formed with auxiliary verbs it 's not technically a tense . 
   - there 's some generalities in the accents that bind them together , hence defining them by nation of origin . 
  that 's utter utter nonsense you realise ? 
  there is literally nothing that binds british accents together .
