  pushing people into vocational education wo n't breed a forward thinking educated culture , it will breed a society that see economic goal as the only factor worth giving a damn about it . 
  well it 's a birthright for millions of people in various countries and for the british people prior to 1991 . 
  maybe it should be a birthright ... in exactly the same way a school education is . 
  fyi i do live in another country . 
  but frankly i resent the small minded idea that if you do n't like something you should love abroad . 
  that 's not how this works . 
  except you never spent any years focused solely on education and therefore missed out on an opportunity to better yourself . 
  ultimately it 's not our place , as we clearly lack the capacity to judge , to decide what is a worthwhile degree . 
  but clearly reforms could be made limiting the number of free positions in a field like dance . 
  the world does actually need people to study dance , although perhaps just fewer than we actually have . 
  if 100k went then why not open up 100k free places for the best students , with funding weighted towards subjects that are more vital to the economy , or at very least those subjects with heavyweight academic grounding and cut out all the media studies nonsense . 
   if all these other countries are so great and people resent the uk so much then they should go move to those countries . 
  there 's a reason university is cheaper there , less career prospects and lower standard of education . 
  ah yes , germany and the scandinavian nations have such shitty career prospect that they have higher gdp per capita than we do , and the educational standards are so bad that have some of the most educated populations in the world . 
  the uk does n't even have a very good overall standard of universities , it has some of the best amongst many real stinkers . 
  you attitude that people should get out if they do n't agree , and that thinking the way things are done in the uk is bad is indicative of some resentment towards the uk as a nation is pure bigotry . 
  the uk is not the same as whatever populist nonsense the a portion of the nation currently subscribes to . 
   let 's imagine a degree as a private good , ie buying one is like buying a car . 
  the value to the purchaser depends on a number of things including ego etc but for the sake of simplicity we 'll consider it just in terms of financial utility . 
  a quick google shows various sources reporting that expected lifetime earnings are # 250k - # 500k higher for graduates than for non-graduates . 
   so at face value , you spend # 28k to get # 500k back . 
  yeah , that 's not a good way to look at it , it is undeniably a public good . 
  not every degree even remotely guarantees a higher income , but academic study in subjects with direct vocational application should not be a preserve of the rich . 
  govern subsidies are available for poor students , also , you find when university is free you can take a bit more , they do n't try to cram a ba into 3 years like we do in the uk either , which means working and studying is far more viable . 
   if you do n't like the way a country does something and are constantly praising other countries for being brilliant why not just leave ? 
  what a stupid attitude , are you really so ignorant that this needs to be explained to you ? 
  you see your nation of birth becoming a shithole and you just say `` meh ... 
  i 'll go somewhere else ? '' . 
   what 's the point in spending all this time complaining about the uk and praising other nations if you 're just going to stay here ? 
  not everyone want to emigrate . 
  fyi i 'm british , and i do live abroad . 
  however , leaving your nation of birth for life is n't something you should have to do just because you do n't agree what some stupid populist opinion says . 
   except for the 13 years at school/6th form and the 3 years studying while earning money at an accountancy firm . 
  i now have no debt , 3 years of work experience and i 'm more qualified than someone coming out of uni . 
  it 's not remotely comparable . 
  school is school , you do it as a child , learning on the job does not provide freedom of learning or academic culture remotely equivalent to university . 
  i 'm sure those experiences bettered you but they 're not the same as university in the slightest . 
   no , it 's fairly easy to judge . 
  core subjects , medicine , law , business , it , engineering etc are worthwhile . 
  art , drama , dance , media etc are n't . 
  this is just hilarious myopic and , frankly , the words of a philistine . 
  it 's the kind of thing that overweight uninspired bank managers in slough without a novel thought in their heads say . 
  there is a value to art , drama , dance etc. 
  even if there is a surplus of people studying these subjects . 
  furthermore , it 's not all so clear cut , what about history , philosophy , politics etc. 
  they have little direct bearing on skills needs for the economy yet they are very very important to society when you look at the bigger picture . 
  a society where an understanding of these subjects a luxury on the rich can afford is starting to sounds very dytopian indeed . 
   universities already offer scholarships and bursaries for the best students . 
  yeah a tiny number of them . 
  i think the situation in the us should be proof enough that scholarships and bursaries are not an effective way of raising people out of poverty or improving society . 
   i 'm sure the government have already thought of all these ideas , and there is a reason why no one had free university in their manifesto . 
  and let 's not forget who introduced them in the first place . 
  governments are not be trusted and will pull this shit once the voting public have become complacent enough for the ramifications not to be severe . 
  ironically , it 's a vicious cycle , the more money that gets taken away from the public sector generally , but education in particular , the more ignorant and apathetic the average voter grows , the extent of the anti-majority interest decisions the government can make gets progressives greater , and before you know it you 've got reality television stars running for office . 
  all because people were too myopic to see that long term they were better off paying that bit extra to keep their countrymen as educated as possible rather than putting their bank balances first . 
  it 's up to you how you do your degree in germany . 
  you can take a year out to work , you can work while studying , they are flexible around their students . 
  the expectation that you 'll run off at 18 to burn through debt and spend mummy and daddy 's money is n't nearly as great . 
   i was n't born in the uk , but nice assumption . 
  i did n't assume a damn thing . 
  notice how i said `` your nation of birth '' and not `` the uk '' . 
  i do n't have a clue where you 're from or whether it 's becoming a shithole but that is totally by the bye , given i was speaking with an impersonal pronoun . 
   if the uk is so terrible why remain ? 
  jesus christ , it 's just absurd . 
  people should n't have to leave their native country just because they do n't like the politics there . 
  just because you think another country does many things better does n't mean you should give up on your identity and move there forever . 
   what 's easier , a few people moving for university or a shake up of the entire national budget ? 
  this is just silly . 
  it 's not just about access to free education . 
  yes , at the moment britons can go abroad for free education to some countries , but that 's a right that the british just voted to rid themselves of . 
  ultimately though , this is about ensure that a few people who really do n't want to pay tuition can access education somehow ( even if it means moving abroad ) , it 's about the whole of society , and ensuring that the future citizens of britain are equipped with the intellectual aware needed to keep the country in a decent state and not see the country slowly degenerate into some kind of dystopian oppressive police state where a small majority have all of the power . 
   yes it does , the fact you 're ignorant to that is n't the point . 
  learning a skill while in a work environment is far better than learning out of a book in a class room . 
  i have an equal qualification to someone who just spend 3 years in university yet i also have 3 years work experience on top of that . 
  what magical skills can university provide than an accountancy course + 3 years work ca n't ? 
  not to mention i 'm also now a chartered accountant while those uni students are n't . 
  it 's not about your qualification or you earning potential . 
  you have not been through the process of a full time higher learning experience . 
  this is not purely about economics . 
  you have not been enriched by the process because you have not engaged in it . 
   i 'm not saying there is n't value to drama , dance and art , i 'm saying the benefit does n't justify the government paying # 10 billion extra a year so those people can do it for free . 
  again an absurd exaggerated opinion . 
  of the money the government spends on higher education i can assure you that art , drama , and media take up only a tiny slither of it . 
  biggest money sink is obviously the sciences . 
  in many ways , those arts and drama students are paying for microscopes , so the future generation of british scientists can actually complete as a developed economy in virtually all areas of the economy . 
   what good is a country full of artistic students if we have a shortage of doctors and skilled workers ? 
  so cap the free arts places and offer more free medicine places . 
  i do n't know what your point is . 
  i 've already said that free education systems do n't look like what we 've got in the uk with an excess of 3rd rate polys offering courses in dance studies . 
   no but offering loans that you do n't need to pay back unless you earn over # 21,000 is helping people out of poverty . 
  not to mention you only pay 9 % of the amount you earn over # 21,000 . 
  so if you come out of university on a # 30,000 a year salary you only pay back # 67 pounds a month . 
  if you come out and earn # 20,000 you pay nothing . 
  if you have n't paid it off in 30 years the debt is wiped off . 
  how much fairer could it be ? 
  if you do n't get a leg up from uni then you do n't have to pay for it , if you do then you only pay for what you used . 
  win win . 
  graduates on average earn # 9,000 a year more than non graduates , so say you graduate at 22 but 25 you 've offset the cost of uni , then you have another 50 years of earning more than a non graduate . 
  except that is an additional financial burden . 
  ironically the most discentivised by the british model are the poorest members of society who doubt their ability to earn in the future and fear taking on debt ( even if it 's a `` soft debt '' ) .
