  if this were a hardcore academic only sub this thread would be removed along with all the answers not giving definitive answers with reference to sources . 
  in my experience people here are either extremely nice and respectful or kinda pompous and condescending . 
  as i acknowledged before badling is definitely thing and public awareness of linguists and what they do tends to be low , but that does n't really excuse forgetting a few words courtesy words . 
  well thank you for your argument , but hardly think if may comes with a deal her mps are going to oust her , that would throw the party into disarray and undermine it , they will ride the gravy train as they all do . 
  if may has the political mandate she 'll be like thatcher , unoustable . 
  you 're basing this entirely on anti-brexit ideology and the assumption that the political situation regard mps is n't going to change . 
  i personally think that as brexit looms you 'll see lots of compromises . 
  there will also be a lot of power restructuring after the ge and a lot of effort put into getting backbenchers in line . 
  business will click its fingers at some point and all those mps are going to lose their principles , sorry to burst your bubble . 
  you 're no more privy to the backroom politics of the tory party than i am , so neither of us can know for certain . 
  anyway this is a pointless discussion . 
  we 'll wait and see who is right , and as i said , bookies are offering pretty good odds on there being no deal ( they only think there 's a 20 % chance of no deal before the exit ) , so when you 're sooo certain why not make yourself some money . 
  as i 've stated , my money is on a last minute backroom deal with tariffs , agreements on customs relations , border free agreement for ireland , and security for foreign nationals living in the uk and eu . 
   english `` march '' is a loanword from french so it should be pronounced / m\u0251rt\u0283 /, 
  do n't know what definition of `` loanword '' you 're using . 
  pretty sure if a bunch of people who speak a language move to a different geographic location and then breed with other people there to ultimately form a national identity and use a word they brought with them , it 's not a loan word but just a their own word in their own language . 
  `` march '' might have been considered a loan word in the 12th century , but i 'm pretty sure 800 years is long enough to mean it 's word native to modern english . 
  all words come from somewhere , but not all words are `` loan words '' . 
  loan words are typically defined by being atypical words that retain some of their foreign qualities when deployed in a language . 
  `` march '' certainly is n't atypical for english . 
  if it were a french `` loan word '' you 'd expect it to be / m\u0251r\u0283 / anyway . 
  `` saut\u00e9 '' is a loan word . 
  march is an english word with a romance etymology . 
  if that happens i 'm literally giving up and going to live on the moon because the world will have turned into some kind of comedy sketch . 
  poor spain jnr . 
  never getting any attention :(, 
  a british subject at the time i believe . 
  somebody is cranky today . 
  lol . 
  someone i know went to australia , i 've never been , first thing they said when they got back that the australians have got too many fucking rules . 
  like someone is trying to safety proof place because there are so many idiots . 
  thanks , glad you liked it :d, 
  seeing a man and a woman fight just shows how much these aggressive ghetto women rely on the fact that socially it 's not acceptable to hit a woman . 
  there is only a small crossover between the weakest men and the strongest women , even someone the best pro female mma fighter would get slaughtered in at an amateur level competing against men . 
  you have an american accent , it 's just as much an accent as any other . 
  let 's face it , he probably had too much curry the night before and had gone home to change his underwear . 
  lol how are they the worst . 
  because they were ordinary ? 
  because just tried to get by neither resisting nor fanatically supporting the nazis , doing just enough to avoid suspicion and got on with their lives the best the could ? 
  their reaction is utterly human . 
  neither heroic nor evil . 
  you ca n't call someone worse than someone who is evil for being human . 
  lol this is like black mirror or something . 
  terrifying . 
  sound like pirates to me . 
  i do n't think you 're really getting this . 
  the british working classes do n't believe in `` the economy '' as a meaningful idea . 
  as far as they 're concerned it does n't matter if the economy is booming or struggling because regardless of what happens they do n't believe they 're seeing any of the benefit anyway . 
  i believe they probably were , but they do n't believe it because that 's what the politicians have told them , and they do n't believe anything the politicians say . 
  they 've been in pure cynicism mode since blair . 
  big problem with the eu is that they 're practically martyrs by the standards of british politics . 
  so often on the continent there 's this mentality that if you just do good things , try to be morally virtuous , and stick to your principles people will figure that out and appreciate you for it . 
  this is n't working at all in britain 's case . 
  the eu failed to engaged with the british working class populace in any meaningful way . 
  the structure of the eu is so obscure and complicated that it completely fails to engage voters in the way that national general elections sometimes do ( with people actually forming emotional attachment and caring about what the outcome is ) . 
  because there was so little engagement the british press could say anything about the eu they wanted and it was completely uncontested because nobody in the uk was listening to anyone who might 've told them differently . 
  in the eu there is a complete absence of political theatre or real connection to personality . 
  probably a product of mainland european history and how badly that has fared there in the past . 
  however , britain has had continuous political theatre over the last century . 
  intelligent educated people do n't need political theatre but the ones who vote with their gut do . 
  i ca n't help but think that if the eu really is hoping to become a fully integrated political entity one day that it should hold itself to higher standards and ask why was n't more effective and retaining the loyalty of one of its member states at the psychological level of the proletariat . 
  it seems almost stubbornly arrogant how they stubbornly plodded along assuming that right would win out not realising than simply following principles left them exposed to instability . 
  it does n't matter how fair and honest you are if you do n't get people on side . 
  it all got pushed aside as the islanders wanting extra sausage but in reality if you want influence you work within the conditions you are given and not on the grounds of what you think should be the case . 
  i think there definitely is a divide between the anglosphere and many continental european nations in the degree to which ordinary people need someone to root for , someone to get behind , and an ideology to stand for . 
  compare farage , who let 's face it , while being an utter prat has a modicum of juvenile charisma , compared to the images people conjure up when discussing the eu council . 
  i can only think that had the eu had a more transparent involved democratic structure it might 've excited people a little more often ( nobody in the uk really ever gave a fuck about selecting meps except kippers as it barely seemed to make a jot of meaningful difference ) . 
  you need people to feel there is some kind of clear unobfuscated causal relationship between political acts like voting and how events unfold else you do n't have a political presence , you at best have a relationship of convenience ( which is how most of the uk , even the remainers , felt about the eu ) . 
  and that only works until people become convinced its no longer convenient ( regardless of whether that is true ) . 
  not false at all . 
  men can produce like at least 30 % more strength at the same bodyweight a lot of the time . 
  [ just look at this chart ] ( https://i.redd.it/24q7mk1ooecx.png ), 
  any decent trained amateur fighter could leverage this to win a fight , even if the woman was relatively superior tactically . 
  i 'm not talking about fat gymbros who call themselves mma fighters but have no strategy or experience , but any man at the lower rungs of competitive amateur mma would almost certainly beat the best women . 
  obviously it 's not 100 % kind of deal , a female fighter might get lucky and land a knock punch , but in reality a male fighter would just need to take the fight to the ground and no amount of jujitsu training will help you overcome a strength difference like that . 
  i 'm not saying this to be misogynistic , i 'm saying this because it 's simply a medical fact that men 's body produce muscle far more efficiently than women 's body can , and you can see this in the difference between women and men 's sporting performances . 
   but you overlooked that fighting is at least 50 % technique . 
  it 's not . 
  superior technique is what makes the difference with opponents of similar size and strength . 
  however , with a strength advantage all you really need is a competent fighter and he 'll beat someone with a much better technique . 
  this is why weight categories are such a big deal in fighting sports . 
  even more so in mma which has a lot of wrestling ground based fighting . 
  simply being a man facing off against a woman give you the equivalent advantage as being a woman with 20-30 kg on her opponent . 
  as i said before , i 'm sure pro female mma fighters could wipe the floor with an inexperienced fighter , but even a 2nd rate male mma fighter of the same weight would wipe the floor with them . 
  she is definitely a lizard person haha . 
  look at how she moves her neck . 
  i would n't be surprised if she turned out to actually be three very ugly children standing on top of one another in an overpriced business suit . 
  the problem with corbyn for me is that he seems regressive in some respects and i do n't know if i believe in his economic policy . 
  i can just about forgive him on his half arsed remain support and then following support of brexit , if he can secure us a better future relationship with the eu than what it looks like may will go for . 
  i think he 's in a better position to compromise the needs of the economy with the brexit mandate than may who has already made a fool of herself in front of the eu and needs to look tough in front of her bluekip faction . 
  i agree with him that nationalising some industries is a good idea , but i also think we need free trade if the uk wants to survive . 
  we need to shift towards being a future economy offering goods and services that ca n't be moved to economies like china so easily , and then we need to constantly work to stay ahead of the curve to keep our economy relevant in the 21st century . 
  my fear is that corbyn 's old left mentality will increase the degree of protectionism and make britain noncompetitive on a global scale . 
  that said , an ambitious educational policy might be just the thing to do this . 
  sadly , and i say this as someone who has migrated abroad , i feel that the british people have become one of the worst educated developed nations in the world . 
  we need to bring back the old handcraft mentality but with technology instead of skilled manual labour at the centre of it . 
  it should absolutely be the case that if you 're not going to university you 're going to learn a applied technical skill that is going to allow you to work in a growth sector of the economy . 
  in this country it just seems you either go to university or you do something non-technical for the most . 
  the germans kick our arses with their two tier higher education system as it turns our of thousands of graduate that are equally or if not more qualified than those who go the conventional academic route . 
  while high skilled eu migrants have been a boon for the british economy , i think it 's fair to say that a country like britain should not have to import so much talent .
