  also you should be aware that british estate agents work very differently to a german makler ( god the makler system is ridiculous ) . 
  you can generally walk into any local estate agent and they 'll show you suitable property on behalf of local private landlords , and they only take any money when you sign a contract which will only be a small commission for them ( like 50 % of the first months rent at the most ) which the landlord is responsible for paying . 
  the landlord should have already accounted for this cost in the price of the rent . 
  no insane makler fees so using an agency is far more viable . 
  - do n't know about london . 
  but as people have said london is insanely expensive . 
  i know someone who was paying # 750 a month in a shared house ( wg ) with 12 people ( 2 bath 2 kitchen ) in east dulwich which was near a tube station and was a 50 minute bus ride to the centre . 
  property is also a nightmare , a bit like munich but worse , if it 's advertised on monday expect it to have been snapped up by wednesday . 
  - moving to the uk is way easier than moving to germany imo , no anmeldung ( which in germany now requires a landlord 's signature ) , starting a job and registering for a national insurance number is essentially the registration process ( national insurance number is basically the same as your steuer identikation nummer ) , this can be done by your employer * after * you begin work . 
  much easier to rent ( although you rent for a fixed term usually and you wo n't get some of the protections if you pay late etc. 
  the landlord is normally free to raise the rent when the contract ends ) , your kitchen will be included in the rental , it may even come with a degree of furnishings despite being `` unfurnished '' ( basic stuff like lights , light fittings , lampshades , wallpaper/paint , carpets are a given , maybe even tables or desks ) . 
  boy , did i have a shock when i found out what `` unfurnished '' meant in germany . 
  it has only recently become necessary to show your passport when renting a flat at all !, 
  the different rules mean that landlords are far more willing to try out a tenant on a 6 month contract than in germany where they seem to want your schufa ( the uk has a different system called experian ) , copy of job contract , 3 payslips or whatever . 
  also getting a bank account requires nothing more than your passport and who letters from reputable sources ( utility bills , or government institutions ) . 
  you do n't any official document from the government to do this . 
  generally the uk system is very good compared to the german system when it comes to being light bureaucracy . 
  you can basically just turn up and start working and living with no hassle and no need for tedious trips to government buildings . 
  the challenge you will face will more likely be financial , since things like rent , lebensmittel , transport , going out are generally a fair bit more expensive in the uk . 
  in the uk i used to think nothing of spending # 40 in a night , here in germany and can generally get a decent night out of 25 euros . 
  you 're going to either need a job or a fair bit of savings to look for one while you get on your feet , so my advice would be prepared to face financial difficult rather than bureaucratic difficulty . 
  also i 'd note that cycling in the uk is a bit more serious than in germany . 
  pavement cycling is a lot more frowned upon and there are far fewer cycle paths , if you 're going to cycle be prepared to road cycle and stay safe . 
  [ this youtube channel might be helpful ] ( https://www.youtube.com/user/sandymakessense ), 
   on what are they based then ? 
  market forces sadly . 
  busy commute ? 
  expect to pay a lot for the prime real estate . 
  empty commute ? 
  expect to pay a lot to keep the train company running the service . 
  that said , it will obviously cost less if you 're travelling locally than if you 're going a long way . 
  but a 20 mile commute in london might cost as much as a 60 mile commute in the north east , and that 's just the way it is sadly . 
  you would n't even get that in a crappy town in a poor part of the uk sadly . 
  rent is not price controlled like germany , you pay what people will pay . 
  i 'd expect to pay the same or more than that for a bedsit + bills outside of the south east . 
  outside of the south east # 1000 a month for a 1 bedroom + living room + kitchen + bathroom suitable for 2 people + bills . 
  we earn money but our purchasing power is lower , meaning the price of living is higher ( the product of being an island that does n't export a great deal and relies more on services ) . 
  taxes end up slightly lower than germany , and you have to account for the fact that there 's no money lost to health insurance which seems to be a big cost in germany . 
  to be fair there are pros and cons to the english system . 
  the uk has always been the `` america '' of europe in some regards . 
  if i were you i would n't worry to much about where you live in the uk , the character of the town or city should be your lowest priority . 
  you can always avoid renting in a bad area , and every big town or city has nice parts to it . 
  priority should be finding a job that makes it worth coming here . 
  your number one priority should be securing a job with a good salary , if you can do that then the rest is golden . 
  i pay 1400 euros a year to commute from k\u00f6ln to bonn daily . 
  in the uk i 'd imagine i 'd be paying double that for an equivalent commute by public transport . 
  people in the uk tend to drive more , which can actually work out cheaper or the same , the cost of stuff like learning to drive , car insurance , seems crazy in germany . 
  when i was 21 i commuted 20 miles every day by car and it only cost me like # 20 in petrol a week and # 700 a year in insurance . 
  # 140 a month or there about , but there was also the cost of road tax and yearly mot ( mandatory safety check ) . 
  rent is a lot cheaper in germany , even in inner cities , i remember even in munich paying 700 euros a month as a single person was considered a lot , which made me laugh compared to the prices in london . 
  the gdp per capita of the uk technically higher than that of germany , but only when you look at how much you can exchange the pound for , when you calculate in living costs the mean average brit is worse of than the mean average german ( if we forget about wealth inequality and all that malarky which only makes britain look worse ) . 
  lots of people in the uk work locally . 
  the best way to save in britain is with a mortgage , which has always been far more prevalent in the uk than most of europe , since you 're essentially `` saving '' instead of paying rent , however post-2007 that 's taken a bit of a turn . 
  still , if you imagine you are a single person , you get a job paying # 25,000 a year . 
  you will then take home # 20,087 after tax . 
  you spend # 500 a month for your flat cold , # 6000 , leaving you with 14,087 . 
  you spend # 200 a month on your bills ( electricity , gas , water , phone , internet ) , # 2400 , leaving you with # 11,687 . 
  you spend # 2000 a year on your commute to work , whether that be by car , bus , or train , leaving you with # 9,687 . 
  you spend # 80 a week on food , # 4160 , leaving you with # 5527 . 
  that leaves you # 106 to spend a week on non-essentials . 
  it could be worse to be honest . 
  most people do n't live like this though , but save money by either living close to work , living in shared houses , living with partners , living with parents , living in really cheap flats with tiny floor space . 
  all these things reduce the cost of rent and bills . 
  also if you 're savvy with cooking and shop in the right places you can easily live off less than # 5 a day , provided you do n't go out buying expensive sandwiches during your lunch break ( so many people do this ) . 
  trust me when i say my budget in germany does not work out much better than this . 
  especially when you account for all the hidden costs english people do n't deal with like various insurances and mandatory pension contributions yada yada . 
  german supermarkets seem to have a `` supermarkets are for food '' mentality . 
  it is changing but you rarely see some of things you might take for granted in the uk supermarkets , like paracetamol for example . 
  also ready meals are barely a thing here . 
  in the uk i 'd see like 50 to 100 types of ready meal , while here i see about 12 . 
  the food is categorised oddly . 
  they 're fine but i miss the big morrisons i used to live by . 
  i feel you . 
  rewe seems to be upping its game lately though . 
  `` a '' and `` an '' is super easy because it 's determined by the sound of the following word . 
  der , die , das , function to reduce ambiguity in some situations but are n't really worth it imo haha . 
  what about des ? 
  what did he do wrong . 
  kids do whatever interests them most right ? 
  in the 60s kids played outdoors because that was where the most interesting stuff was , there was like 1 hour of children 's television a day , otherwise if you were inside it was homework , reading , and radio and television designed for adults . 
  when i was a kid we had video games and like 2-3 hours children 's television ( we did n't have cable or sky so did n't get any children 's channels ) , and we had stuff like snes , playstation and n64 , which would only hold our interest for an hour or so unless we 'd just bought a new game or something . 
  internet was dial up and mostly boring to us . 
  so ultimately we played outside when we felt like it . 
  now kids have ipads with hundreds of apps , access to a vast amount of free online gaming content , not to mention stuff like youtube which can waste hours away . 
  you ca n't blame kids because they 're drawn to playing clash of clans or because they want to fit there and binge watch pewdiepie , that 's just what they find most entertaining . 
  still i question how our society functions . 
  we give kids of 11 and 12 homework despite their not having important exams to do , forcing them to spend recreational time indoors . 
  in winter we give over the majority of daylight hours to school . 
  that said i remember at school i was outdoors for more than an hour a day because we were forced to be outside during our breaks and before school , in virtually any weather , the only other option was to go to the library and quietly read or do school work . 
  that seems kinda retarded . 
  how is a foreigner supposed to know what purple paint signifies ... 
  i suppose , but that does n't account for that one asshole who just wants to press charges regardless . 
  as a 2nd language german speaker i was very confused for a while . 
  at first i was like , this is dutch , and then i was like , shit i can understand a fair bit of this ? 
  dutch usually sounds like gibberish to me , way more so than someone who speaks german as their mother tongue . 
  swiss german sounds so weird to me . 
  this is the generation of germans for many of whom denazification was not entirely successful . 
  many of the soldiers and people who were adults during the war found themselves in a state of cognitive dissonance afterwards . 
  although they were made aware of the injustice that their nation had brought forth during the period , they still found ways to justify their actions and much of what the nazis did . 
  it was common for people of this generation to express sentiments such as `` the wehrmacht did nothing wrong '' blaming the worse stuff on the powerful elite groups within the nazi government such as the ss .
