  i just ca n't understand why this was necessary ? 
  are we simply more used to accents these days ? 
  edit : ok [ wow ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/gerry_adams#voice_ban ) til the 80s was a juvenile time . 
  pyramid schemes vs pyramid selling , pretty similar if you ask me . 
  firstly to answer op 's question . 
  no she was n't disliked . 
  to be more clear not everyone likes the royals , and there are large numbers of people who are pretty indifferent to them , on the other hand there are people who are fans of the royals and even some who border on fanatical . 
  there are also a few people who really hate the royals and what they represent but these people are a minority and not a particularly loud voice in society . 
  i would say the vast number of people are more or less indifferent , with some of these people professing to like the royals purely for the historical , tourism , cultural type reasons . 
  a few here saying how the day of diana 's death was so significant and memorable , all i can say is that for me as a kid it was just any other day . 
  i remember my parents being shocked at the news in the morning , the women in my family were upset but hardly inconsolable , it was forgotten about pretty soon , we went outside and were playing in the garden soon afterwards . 
  i feel strangely compelled to learn other languages merely to preemptively contradict the assumptions of judgmental mainlanders . 
  it rubs the lotion on its skin or else it gets the hose again . 
  what the basis for america owning every bald eagle in the world ? ... 
  oh yeah they do n't it 's just bald eagles come from there and so they are considered a symbol of the usa . 
  brit is shorthand for british or briton . 
  britisher is an archaic and primarily american word , that was used by long term american settlers ( who were often of british descent ) in the olden days to distinguish themselves from fresh off the boat british colonists ( these people were called britishers ) . 
  also we * britons * almost never refer to ourselves as brits . 
  it 's pretty much always someone from an ex-colony . 
  europeans do n't call us it either , to them we 're `` english '' ( or scottish etc. ), 
  as in `` those bloody english ruin our holidays '', 
  of all the `` i am moving to the uk '' posts i have seen , this seems like the most realistic i 've seen for a while . 
  you absolutely must move in with someone and live for free on a couch or whatever when you arrive if you can . 
  this is a huge benefit . 
  there is no way you could live in hotels while looking for work really , even cheap ones . 
  the only alternative to this would be to save 6 months rent in advance and move into a prearranged shared flat/bedsit when you arrive . 
  that said you should save as much as you can anyway because you 'll probably need it even without paying rent the first month or so . 
  when you arrive i would suggest just looking for any work you can find at the start , bar work , restaurant , supermarket . 
  there 's a bit of a jokey stereotype here that aussies and kiwis are naturally talented at bar work . 
  even then you probably wo n't be able to get the hours you want , but it 's only for the meanwhile . 
  then you 'd have to slog around trying to sniff out work in your chosen field , seeing what staff local theatres and productions are requiring , sadly it 's not the type of area that is begging for labour . 
  if you really want into it , you 'll probably have to volunteer to work for free in your spare time for a while to try and get a leg in . 
  an alternative could be to apply for technical theatre roles while still in nz once you have your british passport , with an intention to move as soon as you confirm the job . 
  this would be ideal if you were older and were already highly experienced but sadly i think your age will harm your prospects of that . 
  i 'm not knocking your current experience , and the fact you 've worked for production companies before will count buckets , but in the minds of most people there is only so much experience an 18 year old can possibly have . 
  you 're still quite a risk as an employee at that age simply because the fact that you 've done something before is n't so much of an indication that you wo n't change your mind . 
  as for the property market , you 're not a buyer so all that really matters is how property is effecting rental . 
  i would n't worry too much about this if you 're looking outside of london , since even swankiest parts of most provincial cities are no more than 30 minutes bus ride from somewhere more reasonable . 
  it 's only really london where even poor areas are expensive for buyers/rentees for miles around since everyone wants to be as central as they can afford to be . 
  that said you 'd do well to research heavily before signing anything and you 'll be able to do this ten times better when you can physically look at rental properties . 
  although that brings me to another problem which is transport . 
  the uk has really good public transport , and that 's great for the daily commute . 
  but the type of work you 're looking at is rather sporadic in demand . 
  it really helps if you can jump in a car and travel 60 miles to help with a production at the drop of a hat , and this is going to be very hard without a car , especially if you 're going to be working around bristol and south-wales . 
  my advice to you would be do you your research , and then agree a length of time you can stay with your relatives , then use that time to diligently search for work and establish yourself a job with regular pay asap . 
  once you 've got an income focus on moving out before you overstay your welcome and find a 6 month / 1 year rental contract you can afford . 
  once you 're at that stage then you can work on finding a technical job in theatre , and if you need getting yourself sorted with a vehicle of some sort . 
  you should bear in mind if you need a car then you 'll have to resit your driving licence after you 've been here for 12 months and for this you should budget hundreds of pounds . 
  finally you must realise that the more money you can save before you come here , the easier you will find the transition and and the more likely it is to succeed . 
  good luck . 
  no problem . 
  to be fair i think you 're at a huge advantage if you want to do this , you have the passport which is most the battle won . 
  this theoretically should n't really be too much harder than say , moving to somewhere else in new zealand hundreds of miles from your family and setting up there by yourself . 
  practically it will be a fair bit harder because the uk is significantly different from nz , but it wo n't be anywhere near as hard as emigrating from a non-eu country to the uk without a british passport . 
  seriously if it 's at all possible you should learn to drive and take your test in nz , taking your test in the uk is a real shitter . 
  lessons and tests are expensive , also the waiting lists are long so you have to wait weeks or months between attempts . 
  it 's not really practical to do on a very basic income . 
  most people here either pass young when they 're under their family 's roof , or end up waiting until their mid / late twenties when they can afford it . 
  it 's also very trafficy in most testing zones . 
  if you can learn to drive in nz and then drive for a few months in the uk on that licence , you 'll find taking the practical test after 12 months relatively easy and only need a few lessons to get your driving up to test standard , saving yourself hundreds of painful hours and pounds ( although my inclination is to believe that were you to see the cost of taking your tests from scratch here , with no guarantee of success i 'll add , you 'd end up not bothering at all , which would n't be good for your employment prospects . ), 
  for hundreds of years [ this sound ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m7weulpayjy ) meant run away !, 
  when a canadian refers to someone as american it 's the same as when british people talk about europeans . 
  continents are just too big to be much use in describing someone . 
  you could easily slip into this around americans . 
  if i was staying in america i would n't walk into a shop and get a member of staff to put my shopping in the boot . 
  i 'd walk into a store and get a greeter/bag boy to put my groceries in the trunk . 
  when you 're around people using different dialect for long enough you just switch over . 
  you just get fed up with the extra time it takes people to understand what you want . 
  `` brit '' is n't really that offensive , it 's just a bit off the cuff and insensitive in certain contexts , like calling americans `` yanks '' can be endearingly friendly or a slur in different contexts . 
  the only difference is that most british people wo n't call someone a yank when they first meet them unless it 's a highly informal friendly context , while to americans `` brit '' is just the regular word for britons and they use it even in the small number of contexts when it would n't be appropriate . 
  yeah airsoft are just air powered bb guns with a lot of kick afaik , the last air rifle i saw fired metal pelts and would imbed themselves in things ( like your flesh ) at close ranges . 
  any adult stupid enough to fire a real air rifle at another person really needs to be dealt with . 
  i do n't know about that since people are saying it 's also in use in india , maybe it 's just a general term used by colonists to talk about new arrivals , it does make sense with german grammar though . 
  anyway ... 
  this is a legit problem, 
  all chickens in the eu are vaccinated against salmonella , to the point where it 's an almost negligible danger , and for this reason by law all eggs must be sold retaining their outer layer . 
  all eggs in the us must be washed and their outer layer of protective crap removed , as us chicken are not vaccinated and salmonella would be a very significant danger were they not . 
  he is euphoric , not because of some phony god , but because he is enlightened in the knowledge of his own iq . 
  this is one for / r/thathappened, 
  more like 60 $ for karma . . amirite ??? 
  but it was worth it for the $ 100 he was given shortly afterward by an anonymous tipster with the initials a.e, 
  the cost of the game ? 
  i keep saying `` ta '' to people whenever i 'm there , i do n't even sound like a proper northerner so people just think i 'm mental . 
  yeah i did actually find that out between the time i posted and this reply . 
  i thought it was just a northern / midlands thing . 
  why does anything have a name ? 
  there 's also alternative nicotine free smoking mixes for people who want to quit . 
  so you expect to get on the property ladder in one of these countries that has a much higher rate of rental , where lending and borrowing is much more heavily frowned upon and stricter , and even credit cards are disapproved of ? 
  also in some cases you 'll be paying a much higher rate of tax especially on your early income . 
  personally i do n't think the uk is a miserable place to live , i just think the media paints a miserable picture because that 's what people get off on hearing . 
  central europe is no more or less miserable in my experience , there are plenty of `` coventries '' in these countries and once you 're there you might find it 's not as different as you thought . 
  on the otherhand if you want to go to them go ahead , these countries have lots to offer , everyone has the right to emigrate and it 's great to take advantage of the eu . 
  you can learn conversational german in just a few months . 
  what would happen if the poor were to hear such words from their televisions ? 
  why they 'd be repeating them in factories and canteens across blighty by noon monday !, 
  the impropriety !, 
  a lot of lorries and buses also seemed to be misguided into believing they have a magical ability to just stick their indicator on and pull out a few moments later and somehow all the cars will just magically work around them . 
  to them it does n't matter if it 's rush hour in the city centre or they 're on the motorway . 
  people going on about the evils of fascism seem to be making it into some indefinable boogie man . 
  for me it suffices to say fascism is a politically authoritarian regime with power centred in one individual who figureheads a single controlling party , suspending legitimate opposition and therefore democracy .
