  if anything it sounds like a brummie chav to me though . 
  [ it 's more or less spot on ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s1gm2bnqm9we ), 
  i do n't even think it 's being put on the same level though . 
  what i resent is the lumping it all together . 
  you can be academically smart , socially smart and aware , you can be articulate and good at convincing others conversationally , you can be wiley and cunning and know how to get things done without necessarily being intelligent conventionally . 
  you can be streetwise , which is a type of knowing rather than an ability , and you can be environmentally perceptive so you can sense when somethings going to go down . 
  i just resent this notion that anything bar being streetwise has anything to do with living in the city streets . 
  for example irish travellers in the uk are the epitome of `` street smart '' but they do n't spend much time in the city streets and are usually in the countryside or suburbs . 
  i 'm sick of people glorifying the streets as if being ghetto gave you some special status . 
  there 's a whole culture of this glorifying urban poverty that is totally ridiculous and stupid , the term `` street smart '' just plays into this idea . 
  but imo those things are either things you learn from experience or exposure , being streetwise . 
  or instincts you have that are n't restricted to people living in the streets . 
  elefantenrennen - when two lorries are overtaking and blocking most of the autobahn/motorway/highway, 
  it 's not just [ hip hop to be honest ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nh7zsjqolus&amp;t=1m3s ), 
  i ca n't stand cracked personally , so many of its fans are people who think they 're unique , interesting and different because they 're self proclaimed `` geeks '' , would legitimately use the term `` early-adopter '' , probably about themselves , are big apple fanboys . 
  basically people who want to be geeks , and think themselves geeky because they 've watched some sci-films . 
  pretending to understand scientific articles made by people who are legitimately ocd about their interests is exactly the type of thing they 'd do . 
  the game is almost too immersing , i 've lost whole days playing with two ex-military friends , my job was to drive the vehicles , usually the bus whilst we did our rounds . 
  so many stories , like the time we took out four guys at the airfield just to get sniped when leaving or the time we got taken out by some insane guy making animal noises in the barracks at night . 
  shit was creepy as hell . 
  we stopped playing because of all the issues with the old game and are waiting for the current version to be fully release before going back . 
  such times . 
  why because i do n't like a phrase ? 
  seriously ? 
  i just do n't like the stupid glamourisation of urban poverty , but go ahead console yourself that you 're `` street smart '' and see what good it 'll do you . 
  a close shave, 
  that 's endearing ? 
  i ca n't understand this . 
  how about understanding that exceptionalism is a stupid mentality and even if you are doing well patriotism is a dangerous animal and should be restrained to a quiet pride in your successes alongside a graceful willingness to accept inevitable shortcomings of any one nation compared to others . 
  i would go as far to say there is no developed nation in the world where out dated notions of patriotism persevere, 
  being chosen as a country to emigrate to is n't any indication of being the most desirable to live in . 
  the fact that the us is a immigrant nation probably has a lot to do with it . 
  assimilating to virtually any other country is obviously far more difficult . 
  losing ground rapidly to russia to be honest . 
  have you seen those girls ? 
  far more natural and fresh looking than america 's plastic porn industry . 
  i think you underestimate the geographical knowledge of some of the poorest people in the world , maybe not in some undeveloped chaotic places but in places like china and india they 'd put western kids to shame . 
  way more interesting to be honest . 
  houmous and pitta bread , go to snack never fails me . . 
  that peoples ' sexuality is n't defined by their genetics . 
  why ? 
  because humans are conscious entities in control of what they want to be and what they want to like . 
  not at a superficial level that you could change tomorrow if you had incentive to , but at a fundamental level of self-expression . 
  to some people this makes me a monster for not accepting the it 's all outside of our control , that they were born this way without choice and that it 's in that that they are justified in being how they are . 
  however , at least to me , my idea makes perfect sense , where people have historically gone wrong is to presume that there was anything wrong in expressing sexuality as anything else but conventionally in the first place . 
  we are what we elect to be , and that can cause people to be a state of conflict with themselves when what they long to be is against what other aspects of their lives dictate they should be , and this why some people are in a state of denial or whatever . 
  furthermore this does n't mean that sexuality can be changed by external forces , no more than you can force a lover of hip-hop to suddenly find it displeasing and enjoy classical instead , but can sexuality change naturally ? 
  yes of course it can and this is well documented in some instances , just as personal tastes in other respects can change over time and at all points be authentic . 
  to me the notion of genetic predetermination is just a crutch used to counter the arguments of people who perceive some inherent wrongness in being different in this regard , it 's a plea saying forgive them and tolerate them for they can do no other , how can you blame someone who has no choice in the matter . 
  ultimately though i think this is just another step towards a proper acceptance of people and how they want to express who they are , but for now it seems something many people are not ready to understand , and that others are outwardly hostile to . 
  you should see the american tourists here in europe !, 
  what a bunch of self-absorbed philistines !, 
  that my friend is a bunch of nonsensical fucking shit , if football ( association ) was a game where there were n't winners and loser there would n't be world champions and leagues worth billions , how is that enforced equality ? 
  if you ca n't see past the `` score '' of a game then you a moronic child , how high scoring is chess for fucksake ? 
  some low jibe about mussolini . 
  if this convinces you , you are literally to stupid to live and will probably remove yourself from the gene pool somehow . 
  all american sports are bad and are only played by anyone in the entire world because they are labelled `` american '' and americans are disturbingly driven by nationalism and the desire to be different to the rest of the world lest they have nothing else in their mostly culturally unremarkable country barring coastlines on opposing sides of the country and perhaps chicago . 
  start the riot . 
  yeah , fuck those people who want to be part of the uk living in the north of ireland , those people who are protestants and do n't want to live in a majority catholic country with a disdain for protestants , it 's not enough to have the majority of the country , and what 's many of those people emigrated from ireland from scotland hundred of years ago , living in a country for hundreds of years gives you no right to it over others who 've lived there longer . 
  seriously go drown yourself you ignorant prick , your justifying murders of innocent civilians by condoning the ira , seriously go drown . 
  my controversial belief is that people like you should n't be allowed a say in things you ignorant nasty piece of work . 
  i do n't think many smokers disagree , we were all stupid in our teens , now we 're addicted to that shit . 
   good use of profanity, 
  i 'll take the compliment, 
   does n't deserve a reply, 
  now i 'm trapped in a paradox . 
   i 'm glad this concept frustrates you though, 
  what concept , that was the biggest load of crap i ever read , if you do n't like a sport then do n't like it . 
  i for one do n't like tennis , i just ca n't get excited about it , it seems like such a narrow activity . 
  however i would n't for one moment deny how much skill it takes , how much effort top pros put in or how competitive it is . 
  i certainly would n't make up some bullshit imaginary ideological grounds for not liking it like that piece of crap article you linked . 
  it 's a matter of being a decent human being . 
  college loan are your responsibility : yes because fuck social mobility , let 's delude ourselves that we 're living in the age of untapped resources where anyone with a strong enough will can make it good and people are only poor because they 're too lazy . 
  abortion is murder , no exceptions : for this you can go fuck yourself , rape victims ? 
  parents who ca n't give their child a future ? 
  complete fucking nonsense derived from nothing but religious prejudice . 
  government should stay out of healthcare : yes because the poor are deservingly so and if you get cancer at 20 and are from a poor family you should die because it 's your fault right , but charity ? 
  oh yes humanity has shown itself so charitable throughout history there 's no need for social intervention . 
  your extreme right wing ideas are taken seriously nowhere but america , and that 's because many of your people are just as retarded as the pro stalinists in communist russia . 
  you are a brainwashed idiot and consequently you do n't deserve a say in the running of the world at any level . 
  edit : from your comment history your just a kid with no real world experience who does n't have a clue about anything . 
  sort yourself out . 
  i 'm no extreme left winger , i just belief in being fucking reasonable and providing people basic amenities so they have a chance in life , not a load of shit about ideal forms of capitalism and personal responsibility . 
  a choice the made as a teenager ? 
  we all make bad choices , sadly smoking is just one that sticks . 
  if anything smoking should be illegal and other less addictive alternatives available , but that 's not the world we live in because money . 
  well you 're an immature idiot then and when youre bleeding in the street and need an ambulance i 'll spit on you and walk off laughing . 
  see i can be a heartless cunt too . 
  i suppose the teenage mums who get pregnant at 14 dont deserve welfare either and everyone who made a bad choice in their life is undeserving . 
  i hope for your sake life give you an ass whooping and you learn the lesson of being easier on human fraility and foolishness someday , it 'll work out for the better . 
  still who know when your lack of sympathy may one day effect your judgement , and the fact that you can wash your hands of people because they are one point in their made a choice that was less than optimal i find disturbing . 
  i bet one day you 'll make a bad decision and you wo n't expect others to wash their hands of you . 
  yes i have and it was pretty good , but i like moroccan style houmous the best and i 've no clue how to make that . 
  also peri peri houmous , damn i want some houmous . 
  and old englanders, 
  what 's my source ? 
  this is exactly the type of stupidity i would expect to hear . 
  if you want to read my sources why do n't you start with schopenhauer and then move onto sartre . 
  personally i find this brainless modern idea that you can reduce a fundamental characteristic of who a person is down to genetics and then demonstrate that fact with study utterly offensive . 
  you may as well start promoting the idea that genetics are what makes someone good or bad , or left wing or ring wing .
