  i 'm not saying this to be mean , or even because i care about authenticity . 
  ask any speaker of a dialect who watches a film where actors who do n't natively have that dialect do an imperfect imitation , they 'll tell you how difficult it makes it to watch . 
  ask an irish person what it 's like to watch `` far and away '' with tom cruise . 
  if you 're american then [ watch this scene from the film `` in bruge '' ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xapzn2gd3pq ) and you might get a taste of what i mean . 
  these were only minor extra characters , imagine if you watched a whole show with those actors doing their faux american accents . 
  it would be off-putting . 
  i understand that this is fantasy and not a period drama set in britain , so authenticity is n't at stake . 
  however , i 'm telling you , if you want british people to get the most out of your content then in future you 'll realise that this is a problem , fantasy or not . 
  uncanny valley is real problem with accents . 
  a lot of the problems with the voice acting in this could have easily been avoiding by having someone with a knowledge of phonetics go through the script to point out words that have a different pronunciation in the dialect . 
  generally the performance is good but certain words stick out like a sore thumb because they 're foreign pronunciations in an otherwise convincing imitation . 
  or you could 've just gone with the whole `` it 's fantasy '' angle and had them speak in their natural accents . 
  either way would make for easier listening for the people who speak with those accents naturally . 
  in essence it kinda makes sense . 
  when `` deutsch '' functions as an adverb it 's essentially saying `` he speaks germanly '' , or more naturally , `` he speaks in a german manner '' which sounds comical but could also be rephrases `` he speaks in the manner of the germans '' . 
  however , the `` manner '' in which someone does something is generally seen as more temporary than a capacity someone possesses . 
  in english it would be more natural to say `` he is speaking in the manner of the germans '' . 
  the nominalised form `` deutsch '' is in many ways just an alternative way of writing `` die deutsche sprache '' . 
  however , you obviously do n't mean that he 's speaking the entire language right this moment . 
  consequently you must mean something like `` he possesses the capacity to speak using the german language '' . 
  `` what does he speak ? '', 
  ends up being a question about capacities , `` how does he speak ? '', 
  ends up being a question that is specific to this particular context . 
  or something like that anyway . 
  the whole thing is different in english due to their being two present tenses . 
  these things often seem quite arbitrary but history is full of people defending the traditional way of speaking to their dying breath . 
  i 'm so morally apathetic about this . 
  yeah , it 's wrong to scream at kids , that 's not normal adult behaviour , then again , kids scream at each other all the time , so i 'm sure he 's unharmed , and frankly , it kinda worked . 
  this course will absolutely suck , i guarantee it . 
  although i 'm willing to give it the old college try regardless . 
  why do i think it will suck ? 
  because i actually had a phase with high valyrian a year or so ago and the reality is that it is an incomplete language . 
  we 've had to rely on constant analysis of the language by got fans who are also language nerds to get any kind of picture of how the language works . 
  however , it 's a pig a of a language with 4 genders , 4 numbers , 8 cases ( i think ) , 5 or 6 different declension patterns and morphological inflexion of both nouns and adjectives . 
  even knowing the noun class , gender , and case into which a noun falls is n't enough , as there are also noun stem classes that interaction with the declension patterns , meaning to decline a noun you have to look up its noun class , gender , and then consult a table for the specific stem pattern if you want to get it 100 % correct . 
  the conjugation system is also very complicated with all kinds of combinations of tense and aspect possible . 
  everything is formed with inflection , it 's easily as synthetic as russian or latin and possibly even more complex than either . 
  complexity is n't the real problem though , the problem is that there are too gaps in the tables , due to too many grammatical elements that have never been used , either on the show or confirmed by the language 's creator . 
  so much of what we know has been derived by way analogy with the behaviour of other nouns . 
  not only is it an incredibly hard language that would take a nightmare of table memorisation to communicate correctly in ( you might as well just be learning latin or ancient greek at this point because those languages actually have easier grammars ) , but there 's also gaps in those tables meaning you might learn one thing and it 'll turn out to be wrong . 
  the only way this course can get around this is by avoiding certain noun classes which will mean you wo n't be able to speak and write as you please once it 's finished . 
  the content will only apply to the narrow range of information that we 've confirmed from the show and from the creator 's blog . 
  edit : it seems david peterson is actually on board with the duolingo course , meaning he can tell us information we did n't previously know . 
  this gives me more faith that it wo n't actually suck as bad . 
  i 've met a couple of originally staunch leavers who have admitted they never ever expected the leave vote to win and have massively backtracked saying they want to keep the economy as strong as possible while leaving , they 're basically advocating for a soft brexit and pretending it was really all about trade deals only . 
  ironically they 're now more afraid of a labour majority with corbyn at the helm than they ever were of the eu . 
  i mean seriously , centre-right brexiteers have really dropped the fucking ball . 
  they had a centre-right government with a pretty much uncontested majority and a political mandate . 
  now they have a weak populist right wing party with fuck all mandate that has to do deals with regressive hard line social conservatives / religious nuts to even pass a law . 
  all the while support for both the left grows , and the alt-right madness they got into bed with to get the leave result is becoming exposed as transparently unstable and economically nonsensical . 
  i really took these idiots to court over how brexit has undermined the centre right massively and has led to the polarisation of british politics . 
  even though they desperately tried to dig their heels in talking about the poor people in boston who have to deal with poor poles and romanians in the queue for the dole , you could tell they did n't really believe it . 
  sadly , they just did what humans do , which is rather than admit they were wrong , they just try to dissociate themselves from what happened without having the balls to come out and say `` yeah , we made the wrong the decision and only supported brexit because we thought that if we did n't there would 've been a landslide remain victory which would n't have sent the right message '' . 
  hear a lot of them saying , `` well i only want to control immigration , not take ourselves our of europe completely '' , `` i only wanted britain to avoid further integration with the eu '' , `` i only wanted britain to sign more trade deals with other countries '' , `` i only wanted britain to be more like norway or switzerland '' etc. 
  completely refusing to acknowledge the magnitude of what they 've set into motion . 
  it 's fucking sad that in britain today we have so much politics based around cynicism and wanting to appear hard headed and tough down the pub , unlike like those loony left bleeding heart gay mathematically illiterate liberal elites amirite !!, 
  without even the slightest thought given to how modern society actually functions . 
  the meaning of project zeus is , why ca n't britain leave the eu while still retaining all the benefits ? 
  i do n't know , alan , thousands of reasons but also ... kind of ... none . 
  i 'm sure in many ways it must be a massive relief when your career ends . 
  keeping in top physical performance dominates the whole of one 's life . 
  and for athletes its usually a state of mind that 's gone on from their teenage years until the end of their careers . 
  they never had opportunity to be a typical directionless teenagers and twenty somethings . 
  they never had the feeling of being able to do whatever they want whenever they want . 
  suddenly they 're a fully mature adult , hopefully with some cash saved up , faced with the absence of any defined goals after spending their whole adult life to this point single minded pursuing a single end . 
  want to go drink 7 pints on a tuesday afternoon at the local ? 
  why not ? 
  want to have pizza delivered 5 days in a row ? 
  why not ? 
  want to try these recreational drugs everyone experimented with when they were teenagers and you were necking protein shakes and training 8 hours a day ? 
  sure , who cares , there 's no reason not to . 
  i 'm actually surprised more professional sportsmen and athletes do n't end up wrecks of human beings to be honest . 
  spent my time around some sports prodigies when i was teenager , the kind tipped for international acclaim , and they always seemed like a strange bunch , understandable given how much pressure they were under in their youth . 
  saddest thing is that the vast majority either succumbed to injuries or stopped being able to cut it when they hit adulthood . 
  professional sports must keep a lot of therapists in business frankly . 
  you 're an utter prat mate . 
  you 're really unfunny too . 
  got any more `` random '' humour you want to share . 
  certainly not you . 
  you 're just a loud mouth cunt who thinks people contracting your stupid comments on reddit means people are `` arguing '' with you , you 're that egotistical . 
  furthermore , just because you and your `` mates '' were two minute wonders when they first had sex does n't mean that 's the norm . 
  then again , you probably think entirely in popular clich\u00e9s . 
  you totally ignored that guys valid point so you could make unfunny jokes about people being boasting and having small penises . 
  not being able to come after 2 hours is just as problematic as lasting 2 seconds , it 's not `` bowling '' a perfect game , or boasting . 
  but serious , go on being a cunt who thinks sensitivity problems make you a sexual lothario . 
  check my edit . 
  i just checked out the course and saw his photo and realised it was actually him . 
  i 'm much more confident that it wo n't suck now . 
  that said , it 's still a bloody nightmare of a language :p once i got my head around how the nouns worked and saw how much more there was to learn about verbs and adjectives i pretty much gave up . 
  also the fact that the information we had last year was very incomplete at the time , and that was seriously off putting when it came to studying it further . 
  i 've still got my notebook filled with noun tables ready to go , so i 'll look forward to seeing if duolingo can handle a conlang of this complexity . 
  david peterson is a smart guy and i hold him in high regard , so fingers crossed . 
  you 're a really cool guy . 
  you do n't care what people say on the internet and do n't afraid of anything . 
  whatever , you 're still a kid who does n't really get how reddit works . 
  make stupid inane comments that are demonstrably false , all because you and your dumb fuck mates claim otherwise , get called out on it and then complain people are trying to `` argue '' with you and then retreat into claims of how little your care for internet people 's opinions and how we can all go kill ourselves . 
  if you do n't care about people 's opinions why the fuck are you commenting here you idiot . 
  you are your dumb fuck mates might all think that your first time will only last 2 minutes and that the opposite problem is n't the case , but if you 'd spent any amount of time on here in the past you 'd know that 's not the case . 
  do n't act like a bitch when you get called out for being wrong , and do n't delude yourself that the world cares what you and your dumb fuck mates believe . 
  you started arguing when you came out with your dumb fuck argument that lasting 2 hours is like bowling a perfect game , citing your dumb fuck mates as a source .
