  it 's not a website for americans , it 's for everyone , so people have just as much right to complain about americans here as they do anywhere else . 
  idiot . 
  as you have no choice in which language you speak , i have no choice over which is the dominant content prioritising website aka reddit . 
  just like i have no choice over which is the dominant search engine . 
  case closed . 
   that 's the difference . 
  i had no choice , you have all the choice . 
  in fact , if i did have the choice as to what my first language would be , i would n't choose english , i would choose german . 
  but i have no choice in the matter , and all i can do is learn german on my own time . 
  plus , regardless of how much german i learn , english will forever remain my first language . 
   false, 
  actually alexa only monitors people with their toolbar installed . 
  reddit has provided information about the nationality of their users and americans are less than what is represented there . 
   `` all americans are stupid , all non-americans are smart and educated and informed '' . 
  same old garbage . 
  it 's amazing how so much of today 's technology comes out of the most ignorant , uneducated , uninformed country on the planet , is n't it ? 
  where did i say all americans ? 
  furthermore what technology is that ? 
  apple circlejerks ? 
  many countries contribute more , especially per capita , typical american nationalist retardation right here in that you assume america is some how remarkable in this regard . 
   except that over 50 % of its users are americans , despite your best efforts to pull a 40 % figure out of your ass . 
  go home dude , you 're drunk . 
  like i said , they 're not . 
  go find the threads of the actual data on reddit rather than an estimation from alexa . 
  you probably wo n't though because you 're obvious a child trying to pull the `` reddit is an american website '' bullshit . 
  why the fuck would n't i use one anyway , i do n't hate everything american , just a class of uneducated nationalists that pervade that country of which you are apparently one . 
  in germany , watched a kid who was barely getting his first bit of wispy moustache buy 8 bottles of corona yesterday . 
  i feel that enforcement is lax haha . 
  i do n't think that 's how it 's meant to be done . 
  not a ma\u00df , a ma ( s ) , he was drinking out of one or more mother . 
  the tutting would be heard from the white cliffs of dover to the firth of forth . 
  that 's why we all drink carlsberg export that comes in the nice silver can . 
  regular carlsberg is for people who are driving and is considered the lowest of the low . 
  heineken is n't that bad !, 
  it 's a perfectly ordinary 5 % european lager like becks or stella . 
  do n't put it into the same category as carlsberg ( regular ) , fosters or carling . 
  still my number one polandball ever !, 
  need ? 
  or should ? 
  typical american nationalist bullshit . 
  personally i think mls could become a respectable world class national league within 25 years if it continues to grow and america can get over its fear of sports it does n't identify as `` american '' . 
  however stating this would require an elemental of realistic humility , something that this guy obviously lacks . 
  one of the major problems at the moment that the culture is still resistant to `` soccer '' and a lot of the growth is coming from the large hispanic communities . 
  there are still large swathes of america that see football as an inferior foreign game just there so kids who are n't big enough for contact sports can play a unisex game before moving on to real god-fearing american games . 
  things are slowly changing , but the arrogance in believing that america could simply buy out the european leagues , each worth billions of euros , is just fucking stupid . 
  i think he 's joking , do n't take everything so seriously . 
  a few things . 
  i have seen buttered popcorn in europe , it 's not common but you can buy it in those microwavable packs . 
  it 's just most people do n't want buttered popcorn so it would mean having separate batches in addition to sweet and savoury . 
  popcorn is n't even corn , at least not outside america , it 's popmaize really . 
  i 've seen americans rant at length about how corn now means maize and everyone else is wrong , despite when i was a kid wheat fields were universally referred to as corn fields . 
  what the fuck is that guy going on about saying `` something that looked like wheat '' , [ this ] ( http://www.antaresshipping.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/01/wheat-procurement.jpg ) is wheat , and [ this ] ( http://www.agricultured.org/wp-content/uploads/2013/09/field-corn-091613_thumb.jpg ) is what is used to make popcorn . 
  in most european cinemas you can buy and drink alcohol . 
  checkmate america . 
  at least on the continent . 
  i 've seen it in the uk too but only in fancier places due to the dangers of drunken chavs ruining the experience . 
  none of this is particularly relevant but still i find it rather peculiar . 
  seriously what the actual fuck ? 
  corn just mean `` crop of the land '' , popcorn is made from maize . 
  corn in england is wheat . 
  the word existed before america was even discovered ( it was used by chaucer ) , and meant the same as grain . 
  americans originally referred to maize as indian corn but ended up dropping the `` indian '' prefix as they became more separated from the european meaning of the term . 
  you can buy alcohol is most cinemas in germany , and some in the uk ( even in cineworld in the deluxe screens ) . 
  i ca n't talk for other countries so you 're right i ca n't generalise the whole of europe but fuck you anyway , i was just throwing out some random trivia and you seem to be raging about it . 
  you sound as if you have some issues . 
  probably better not to vent them all over reddit . 
  do you speak english ? 
  did you understand anything of what i just said ? 
  i said that popcorn is n't corn * outside of america * , those english-speaking countries mentioned happened to be the ones in na . 
  corn is a placeholder term for the main crop of any area . 
  germany , uk , holland all allow drinking in cinemas . 
  however americans prefer butter . 
  you seem to have a bee in your bonnet about alcohol for some reason , sort yourself out `` champ '' . 
   what the fuck are you talking about ? 
  of course it is ... 
  popcorn is n't made from corn outside of america because that would mean it was made from wheat or barley or oats in different places . 
  do you get it yet ? 
   what do you think popcorn is called in england ? 
  it 's called popcorn fuckwit , but it 's not made from corn under our definition of corn . 
   while that in itself is n't actually true , that would n't still make popcorn an american invention even if it was . 
  where the fuck idea have you got the idea i was saying that it was a us invention ? 
  seriously wtf ? 
  also read this : -, 
   corn - `` grain , '' old english corn , from proto-germanic * kurnam `` small seed '' ( cognates : old frisian and old saxon korn `` grain , '' middle dutch coren , german korn , old norse korn , gothic kaurn ) , from pie root * gre-no - `` grain '' ( cognates : old church slavonic zruno `` grain , '' latin granum `` seed , '' lithuanian \u017eirnis `` pea '' ) . 
  the sense of the old english word was `` grain with the seed still in '' ( as in barleycorn ) rather than a particular plant . 
  locally understood to denote the leading crop of a district . 
  restricted to the indigenous `` maize '' in america ( c. 1600 , originally indian corn , but the adjective was dropped ) , usually wheat in england , oats in scotland and ireland , while korn means `` rye '' in parts of germany . 
  do you understand yet ? 
   those are countries with differing legislations . 
  europe is not . 
  it 's made up of many countries . 
  ok so yes i accept one ca n't generalise the whole of europe . 
  however a lot of europe does allow you to have a beer in the cinema . 
  i was saying that this is a * good * thing ... americans may be able to have buttered popcorn with their film but they ca n't have a refreshing beer or a glass of wine . 
  i know which i 'd prefer . 
   so they invented popcorn as a logical conclusion ? 
  again , where the fuck are you getting this idea that i 'm suggesting it were an american invention ? 
   you seem to use my alcohollism as a crutch , champ . 
  how am i doing that ? 
  up until now i was unaware of your alcoholism .
