  thing is there are a lot of people out there that are still against legalising drugs . 
  not just old folk too , but i 've found in white working class communities like the one in which i was raised the opinion is quite polarised between people who have probably taken drugs at some point in their life and are ease with it and people who have dogmatically stayed away from them , although often having no qualms with heroic doses of alcohol or cigarettes . 
  i 've even met people who take drugs but are against legalising drugs , because a gram or two of coke on the weekend in the pub on the down low is n't the same as being `` a fucking smelly unemployed weed smoking scrounger '' or a `` dirty scumbag junkie '' or whatever slur they want to pull of their arse . 
  i have one friend is vehemently against drugs , and generally he seems like someone who is really conformative and at the same time really annoyed by people who do n't think like that . 
  it 's as if he really ca n't understand why anyone would not to choose the life he tries to live , which is up at 6.30 , work 9-10 hours on a building site , quick pint with the lads after work , x-factor or whatever with the missus in 9 , in bed by 10.30 . 
  then at the weekends go out to a nightclub and blow # 100 on drinks , repeat ad nauseum until you retire . 
  i mean , i can somewhat see it from his perspective , i guess he just feels that anyone should have been able to do what he did and is so satisfied with his way of life that he literally ca n't see why anyone would choose anything other than the life he leads , nor why they would n't be able to achieve it . 
  i mean he really just does n't get it . 
  it 's because we 're finally taking back control . 
  brexitfly, 
  except it 's not exactly the same is it , because under one system you can just rock up and get healthcare without making contributions , but briton 's are expected to start paying in the moment they arrive . 
  you seem to have got awfully high and mighty about this , i did n't say it was an unfair system , in each country same rules apply to eu nationals as apply to locals , but it 's still clear whose getting a better deal . 
  when a eu national arrives in the uk they are going into a means based system , you do n't make national insurance contributions through income tax unless you start earning a certain amount , sure you pay tax on things you buy , but britons in other eu countries do this additional to making health insurance contributions . 
  the health insurance system in many countries effectively works like a flat tax , you do n't pay it to the government directly but you are legally obliged to have cover that meets government legislation . 
  moving from a means based tax system to a pseudo flat tax system where your cost is fixed monthly obviously sucks far more than vice versa . 
  and yes , of course i realise that the governments of most european countries will make health insurance contributions for you if you 're on welfare , but the eu also has rules restricting eu migrants from welfare unless they 've made sufficient tax contributions now . 
  not to mention that fact that low earners just above the threshold for welfare support clearly have it better under a system like the uk 's than that of germany . 
  it should be patently clear to anyone why it sucks to move from a tax based means scaling system to a system of quasi privatised insurances . 
  it 's just how he wants to live , done the same thing since he was 18 , same girlfriend since he was a little older than that . 
  now he 's financially comfortable because he started his own roofing company with a mate . 
  i mean seriously , he 's the kind of guy who goes on the same booze + sun + full english holiday every single year , and really is n't curious about doing anything else . 
  the kind who walks around the same garden and shopping centres every sunday afternoon and does n't ever question what he 's doing . 
  there is a segment of the population that really does think along these lines , the daily mail reading respectable working class who believe in honest work yada yada . 
  a large number of the police come from this background . 
  to them drugs are just not necessary , they are some foreign interloper that makes them uncomfortable and threatens to destroy their lifestyle , which they considered virtually utopian . 
  i also think these people use drugs to explain why they have their personal success but other segments of the same working class communities are on benefits and not living the way they are or having a very good time with it . 
  the reason in their minds for their better situation is because of superior work ethic and a willingness to follow the rules / abide by the law . 
  now personally i would n't ever want his life , it 's very repetitive working in construction , and it 's not as if he 's pushed himself to meet a wide range of people or broaden his horizons , and there 's just no intellectual challenge in his life whatsoever . 
  yeah , point is though that he 's so satisfied with that way of life that he 's literally incapable of seeing the other side properly , nor is he interested in doing so . 
  a surprising number of people are stuck in this mentality . 
  they are satisfied with their way of life , somewhat dumb , and automatically against anything that does n't fit format . 
  you forget we brexited our economy so now our money ai n't worth shit . 
  open caskets are not a `` christian '' thing , they 're an american thing . 
  in europe i 've never even heard about anyone having one of those crazy open casket funerals . 
  seems totally fucking weird . 
  good old wasp snobbery still alive and well in america . 
  no offence , but the american insistence of pronouncing loan words like taco , milan , salsa , with that sound is just linguistic snobbery that has little real basis in the actual pronunciation of the foreign words . 
  another difference is that americans tend to use a slightly closed vowel ( and sometimes even a diphthong ) for the sound that occurs in words like `` cat '' and hat '' , meaning an american saying `` taco '' with that vowel sounds to foreign ears like `` teco '' . 
  british people typically use a more open vowel sound for this letter , which means to brits it seems just as accurate to say `` taco '' the same as you would say `` macro '' , as it is to say `` tahco '' . 
  the actual vowel that is usually used in these words in their own languages is [ \u00e4 ] . 
  the american cat sound is [ \u00e6 ] which is closer to the sound in words like `` bet '' and `` met '' ( it is more closed ) , because of this you use [ \u0251\u02d0 ] in loan words instead . 
  however british tend to use [ a ] for both loan words and for words like cat , which phonetically is just as close to [ \u00e4 ] as [ \u0251\u02d0 ] . 
  essentially , americans might feel like they have to use a back vowel for loan words because the way they speak english means a regular american - a might not be understood as that sound in other languages , whereas the modern british pronunciation of that letter might be more likely to be . 
  if anything , americans are pronouncing these words with the vowel too far back in the mouth , whereas brits are pronouncing it too far forward , whereas spanish people correctly use a sound that lies in the middle of two . 
  tl ; dr , the american insistence that you pronounce loan words with long back vowel [ \u0251\u02d0 ] is a product of your own accent 's idiosyncrasies, 
  how americans are meant to say salsa [ s\u0251\u02d0ls\u0259 ], 
  how americans sometimes say salsa are get mocked for it [ s\u00e6ls\u0259 ], 
  how britons say salsa [ sals\u0259 ], 
  how you are actually meant to say salsa [ s\u00e4ls\u00e4 ], 
  yet many americans get annoyed by anyone not saying [ s\u0251\u02d0ls\u0259 ] ... which is wrong . 
  pronounced correctly ? 
  brits use the fully open unrounded front vowel in loan words . 
  americans do n't have this sound , their `` cat '' vowel is too closed , so they use the back vowel instead , neither is correct , and neither is wrong . 
  in most european languages this vowel is mid rather than front or back . 
  which `` modern british accent '' ? 
  rural british dialects are more conservative . 
  yes and no , more like the southern aristocracy affected british style speech over the years and they maintained a sense of connection to the homeland . 
  this is how non-rhotic speech crept into the americas anyway , which is why you typically see it in regions and communities that maintained a connection to the uk . 
  not really . 
  furthermore my point is that it is entirely correct in the uk to pronounce a word with salsa using a fully open unrounded front vowel , so what she said , is correct . 
  her pronunciation may only be `` near-open '' , the vestiges of her american accent , but she has simply adopted the correct british english pronunciation . 
  using the unrounded open back vowel for loan words that typically contain the unrounded open mid vowel is strictly an american affectation . 
  probably owing to the fact that the typical american pronunciation of the `` cat '' vowel is typically less open than in british accent . 
  in urban areas , unlike the back woods you live in , people often repurpose buildings for other functions you know ? 
   it 's still worth significantly more than the dollar and the euro . 
  that 's does n't actually mean anything . 
  the value per unit of currency is pretty much an arbitrary thing , and a dollar can still be worth less than a dollar and still be doing miles better than the pound generally . 
  the pound has dropped 10-15 % and it 's currently at its lowest levels since 80s . 
  this is a currency that is historically meant to be worth between $ 1.50 - $ 2 , it 's now worth just $ 1.31 . 
  these are the worst exchange rates i 've seen in my life . 
  humour *, 
  nobody really knows 100 % for certain , but many scientists have tried to find some casual explanation to quantum behaviours and have failed . 
  however , is does n't really affect the determinism problem , because ultimately , even if the world is n't determined as a quantum level , this does n't somehow give you free will . 
  the notion that quantum behaviour somehow collectively give rise to free will would require some kind of religious explanation . 
  imagine one of those games where you drop the coin to try to push the coins at the bottom out . 
  without quantum it 's as if the exact way in which you put the coin in the slot ( time , force etc ) determines where it 's going to land , however , with quantum randomness it 's as if where the ball drops , whether it goes left or right as it goes down , it determined by a random number generator . 
  but in either system the balls can not claim to have control of which way it falls . 
  only if there was some higher power tweaking the probabilities somehow , or if the ball had some direct influence on the probabilities , in such a way to give rise to free will would that work , and how that would even work is really not clear . 
  quantum explanations really are n't much use to the free will vs determinism argument , all it really does is swap a simple direct causal determinism with something else which is no helpful for explaining how `` choice '' , in the strongest sense of the term , exists . 
  what on earth to you mean `` that 's not how loan words work '' , there is no `` way '' loan words work . 
  it 's simply trend within ame to pronounce `` a '' vowels in what are considered foreign loan words with a back unrounded open vowel , whereas in britain the standard front unrounded open vowel what occurs in regular british words is typically used . 
  in the us `` taco '' is considered wrong and `` tahco '' is considered correct , but in the uk `` taco '' is just fine . 
  why this happens is anyone 's guess , but to suggest that you would n't eat someone food because they did n't use the pronunciation which your country deems incorrect but another country does n't is dumb . 
  it 's like saying anyone who says `` cruh-sant '' ca n't cook a decent croissant . 
  i 'm sure many good pastry chefs in the us do say cruh-sant , because that 's considered correct over there . 
  judging someone because they do n't use the word you consider correct is dumb , especially if they have a community of speakers who do it alongside them . 
  i was also pointing out that the british `` taco '' and the american `` tahco '' are both just approximations anyway , and neither truly match the spanish pronunciation . 
  no worries , i just meant that neither pronunciation is really any more correct than the other , even if you compare it to how the word would be said in spanish . 
  and even despite this , judging someone for using their linguistic communities pronunciation would be wrong regardless of whether that community 's pronunciation was further away from the way it is said in the language it originated from . 
  so what ? 
  you are literally never going to get a youth turn out that is greater than older demographics , it 's a pattern across all elections everywhere . 
  young people have less of a stake in the outcome and often feel less confident in their decision and are less likely to feel strongly about the outcome . 
  the youth actually turned out in record numbers , but so did the racist pensioners . 
  actually i hope we force the divide further , tank the economy , and all the pensioners can have their pensions cut in half . 
  i 'll enjoy watching the old folks bitch about living in poverty as they 're unable to work and their pensions no longer provide them a living wage . 
  do you expect young britons to just accept it , and be forced into making brexit work simply for the good of the country ? 
  no way , fuck the country . 
  we should take every opportunity we can to make brexit fail and divide the country further . 
  the short term suffering will be worth the long term benefit when it 's made patently clear how poorly the country fares on its own . 
  i mean this `` long term '' thinking exactly what the leave voters used to justify the economic hit brexit is going to cause ?
