  johnathan ross being one of the few who springs to mind . 
  that video is just bad . 
  the video is misleading and bad linguistics for a number of reason . 
  if a community of speakers all start speaking a certain way it 's not that they `` ca n't pronounce a letter '' . 
  what 's actually happened is that phoneme associated with that letter has changed in that dialect . 
  it 's not that those people ca n't make the old sound , it 's that they 're simply not trying to . 
  the video presents the criterion for a real `` r '' as being whether the tongue makes contact with the palate . 
  for this example he uses the alveolar trill which is very uncommon in modern british english outside of scotland and it was already uncommon around ww2 . 
  the most common sound in british english for - r is the postalveolar approximant which does n't sound like what scott presents as a `` real - r '' . 
  the video implies that if you do n't make an - r with your tongue making contact with the roof of your mouth then you have the same `` speech defect '' as johnathan ross . 
  this is obviously not the case , as the way tom scott pronounces his - r 's sounds very different from the way ross does . 
  ross 's way of speaking strikes us as strange , and that 's because he really does have a speech defect . 
  ross 's - r and scott 's - r are not allophonic i.e they are not recognised as being the same sounds by the speakers of the relevant dialect . 
  this is the only meaningful definition for whether someone is using the `` correct '' sound . 
  the reality is that scott is playing very fast and loose with the truth here to push a rather silly narrative : that we all have the same speech defect that ross suffers from . 
  in reality it 's a ) impossible for a community to have a defect b ) not the case that a `` proper - r '' , as he puts it , is as he describes it , he 's pulled that standard out his arse to suit his narrative , and if we accept his standard then most of the british isles ca n't pronounce - r and have n't been able to for decades c ) not the case that everyone speaks the same way as johnathan ross or why the hell would every pick up on how ross sounds different . 
  i like most of tom scott 's stuff but his linguistic stuff is just fluff and highly inaccurate . 
  he should stick to going to areas of scientific and historical interest and not give massively oversimplified linguistic explanations . 
  this video is to linguistics as pop psychology is to real psychology , all it does is fuel `` folk linguistics '' like the idea that american english sounded more like shakespearean english or minority communities suffer from speaking disorders . 
   i do n't think i heard him say the words `` proper r '' once in the video, 
  he says that he ca n't make an - r sound `` properly '' . 
  anyway . 
  the reality is that he 's conveniently ignored the most standard way of pronouncing - r in british english , the postalveolar approximant , and only contrasted the labiodental approximant with the alveolar trill , in order to make the video seem more interesting as more people will be led to believe they have this `` defect '' . 
  unlike the the trill and the labiodental , the alveolar and the labiodental are roughly allophonic to speakers of british english , so it would be a boring video if he were accurate . 
  ross does n't even use the labiodental approximant , it is way more velarised or seomthing that 's why he sounds like he has a speech impediment to us ( which he does ) . 
  framing this sound shift to the labiodental , which is only the case in a minority of english dialects most of those falling in the estuary english regions , as a speech defect seems inherently prescriptivist to me . 
  a little information is a dangerous thing . 
  i 'm sure this myth has been repeated in pubs more than a few times since this video . 
  what i really dislike about this video is that it 's an obvious example of bending the truth through omission to suit a narrative that is likely to attract more clicks . 
  simply being wrong is one thing , but scott does n't seem so naive as must be massaging the truth to give people the wrong idea so they find it more interesting is kinda bad . 
  it 's a real problem in linguistics that people feel like they can bullshit about the subject in a way people never would with a subject like maths or science . 
  it also leads to more social harm to spread bad linguistics than it does to spread bad science as it does n't matter if some ordinary bloke has misunderstood how electrons work but does matter if they think the way someone speaks is a grounds to judge their intelligence / ability or whatever . 
  oh right . 
  so he really means a speech impediment . 
  pretty certain , what he uses does n't sound like the labiodental-r to me because it does n't sound like an allophone of - r at all , it sounds like an actual - w. working class se people do use the labiodental e.g bwigh ` un for brighton , but other speakers of that dialect do n't get picked up on and to me it seem like ross 's sound is way more pronounced so i 'd assume he really does suffer from rhotacism . 
  the only way to determine if someone has a `` speech defect '' is if that person sounds wrong to that community of speakers . 
  to be fair the bald guy sounds a bit dutch to me . 
  bald guy seemed to just want boast a bit too much about all the dialects he alleged he could do . 
  still fair play they both have talent . 
  to be fair people who speak lots of languages can be a bit conscious of not wanting to appear as a bit of a freak , so when they find someone else who shares their interest it can lead to strange social situations . 
  think it depends to what extremes they take it . 
  certainly the ones that at drawn to this kind of close to the ground flying are risking death, 
  pretty sure this is england was set in stoke . 
  this even further north , and massively different from cockney . 
  the problem is n't food banks to be honest , the problem is the government 's obsession with sanctioning benefit recipients so that sick people , old people , and unemployed people end up living for weeks without their benefit and having to turn to charity to get by . 
  the uk government have become fucking sneaky when it comes to this . 
  they 're trying to get people off benefits by just making them really insecure and making it really contrived to receive them . 
  you get people with disabilities getting kicked off disability allowance because they could n't attend an interview because they 're bedridden , and then getting kicked off if they turn up because their disability says they 're bedridden and they then accuse them of lying and make them reapply . 
  uk government privatised a lot of benefit assessment procedures and rewarded them for how effective they were at keeping the number of claimants down . 
  this led to shady as fuck methods . 
  also they are also trying to make getting unemployment ridiculously hard to claim e.g lose weeks of benefits if you 're 5 minutes late for an appointment etc. 
  just in the hope people will give up and take a job . 
  which is fine , unless someone legit ca n't get a job , in which case they get told to come back in a few weeks despite having no money and have to depend on charity . 
  british people are used to homeless types getting charity from food . 
  they 're not used to normal people having to do this shit simply due to shady government practices . 
  normal human adults do n't claim to be dinosaurs . 
  he make the relatively weak joke that someone who writes `` i am a dinosaur '' must be with their carer , the implication being that they are mentally slow . 
  turns out the girl who wrote it is disabled and with her carer . 
  well it 's moderately amusing , i would n't exactly call this the height of comedy . 
  people who are seen to be being mean to disableds tend to a cause a backlash that can effect their career . 
  especially given that russell howard is the kind of comedy 12 year olds watch with their parents . 
   his joke in reply was about the note-author needing a handler since she 's a giant reptile . 
  that 's not what his joke was . 
  his joke was someone who says `` i 'm a stegosaurus '' would need a carer because they 're mentally disabled . 
  like every other video on the site ? 
  maybe just cos he swapped from dutch to german then . 
  york is n't toronto 's brother though , it 's its father . 
  new york is surely toronto 's brother . 
  the city of york in the uk was a provincial seat of power but was spared the horrors of industrialisation in the 19th century to a large degree due to being poorly located for industrial infrastructure . 
  leeds got that job instead which is only 20 miles sw of york . 
  there are 750,000 people in leeds , and more surrounding . 
  no , because the democracy of most nations is intuitive and mixed with the culture such that it 's easily understandable even by children . 
  sounds like a crap system , and given recent events a massive weakness that the political classes have overlooked , who are now trying to blame the general population for not engaging with it . 
  a good democracy works because it gains the consent of the people . 
  the eu will never succeed like it should without reforming itself to do so . 
  lately i 've heard too many political types berating people for being too dumb to understand their fantastic system . 
  the purpose of the system is governance , at means it has to engage everyone as best as possible , from the politically aware to an apolitical fast food worker . 
  i used to get mad trying to explain over and over to thickos why the eu is democratic . 
  the reality is that a good political system does n't need to be explained to thickos , because part of that systems function is engaging with said thickos . 
  ai n't no wurst here mate . 
  [ battered sausage though . 
  ] ( https://theseacatcher.co.uk/wp-content/uploads/2015/07/battered-sausage.jpg ), 
   it has a reputation for being a bit classy, 
  no it does n't really . 
  the rep i 've always heard that it 's 50 % chav and 50 % posh . 
  the reality is that this was parodying the far left movements in britain in the 60s and 70s who were known for their tendency to split hairs on the basis of ideology , approaching everything in this ridiculously open minded fashion where ideology tended to trump the material reality of the situation . 
  what is n't is a deliberate assault on the idea of transgenderism or transgender rights , because back when this was made those were n't political issues that were spoken about publicly . 
  when this was made even homosexuality had only been legal for 12 years and , even though people were aware it went on , they tended to just take an ignorance is bliss approach and make excuses for homosexual people never acknowledging what they obviously were . 
  as long as people did n't come out publicly those who knew would `` play along '' never prying too much and the bigots could pretend to live in some kind of fantasy world where nobody is gay and everyone reads the bible before bed . 
  public discussion of sexuality was taboo and only done with knowing smirks behind closed doors . 
  this kind of do n't ask do n't tell mentality went on in the uk until around the 90s . 
  it was probably to do with the generation divide and older people having a naive view of the world . 
  what 's funny is how many flamboyantly camp gay characters there were on tv but never any direct acknowledgement of their sexuality . 
  the reality is that back then the idea that transgenderism would become a political issue seemed so unfathomable that the notion of a man wanting to become a woman was fair game in terms of an absurd proposition that was obviously impossible . 
  the standard british english sound is [ \u0279 ] , he has [ \u028b ] , he shows the audience both [ \u027e ] and [ r ] , but he does n't use [ \u0279 ] or make explicit that [ \u0279 ] , and not [ \u027e ] , is the standard way to speak in british english . 
  [ \u0279 ] and [ \u028b ] and roughly allophonic to speakers of british english ( but maybe not to american speakers so maybe that 's what op is picking up on ) . 
  pretty sure ross uses [ w ] . 
  this video is misleading as it will convince users of both [ \u0279 ] he has [ \u028b ] that they have this `` speech defect '' , and perpetuate yet another linguistic myth . 
  it gives the impression that one must use [ \u027e ] or [ r ] to pronounce the letter r correctly in english , which is untrue . 
  using those sounds would be very unusual outside of scotland .
