  this suggests that what you saw is that `` he plays sport '' , which means he does it regularly , however , the feature in english known as tense agreement can cause the tense to drop back . 
  note that the latter two examples can both be rephrased including `` that '' . 
  `` that he ( had ) cleaned the car '' . 
  so you 're dealing with two clauses . 
  the sentence with the infinitive ca n't be broken up that way . 
  it 's also worth noting that lots of native english speakers might say `` i saw that he plays sport '' , instead of `` played '' . 
  depends on their dialect and even their mood , but the meaning is the same . 
  the reason `` i saw john sniggered '' sounds ungrammatical is because `` i saw that john sniggers '' is n't really something that makes sense . 
  `` i saw ( that ) john hunted when i noticed the trophies in his living room '' , suddenly sounds just dandy . 
  in my experience very few people few resentment towards it . 
  it 's worth noting that these places were part of the weimar national identity , an identity that is considered strongly distinct from the modern germany . 
  these places are no longer culturally german , so nobody sees them as places that should be part of the modern nation . 
  as an american you might not fully appreciate how national identity is quite cultural in much of europe . 
  the borders and structure of the nation commonly known as germany shifted so much historically that the fact they changed post war does n't seem as hugely significant . 
  not remotely . 
  english is germanic , but it 's not german . 
  germanic simply means coming from the germanic root . 
  modern german is just as linguistically `` distant '' from that shared root as modern english . 
  linguistists study language . 
  language is a phenomena that humans naturally do . 
  it 's an utterly astonishing phenomena . 
  esperanto is a conlang . 
  it was made by a guy in his study who decided how this language would function out of some belief that naturally occurring languages were n't enough . 
  imagine you were a biologist who studied dolphins , and someone came along and tried to show you their drawing of they think a superior breed of dolphin would look like ? 
  not even their picture of a real dolphin , their picture of what a dolphin * should * be . 
  would you find that picture interesting ? 
  esperanto is a hobby for polyglots , it does n't really have much to do with linguistics , although of course people who make conlangs ( at least the serious ones ) , do tend to have a fair bit of knowledge of linguistics . 
  i 'm also sure sure there are linguists who 've practised their skills of analysis on conlangs or even fallen into the hobby themselves . 
  they 're still very different things . 
  another thing is that esperanto is a product of its era , clearly based on european languages , and has a lot of features that people in history felt were `` linguistically superior '' for unsound intellectual reasons ( e.g because latin has them ) , all the while keeping up the pretence of being a simplistic language suitable for use as a lingua franca . 
  it 's also fair to say that esperanto enthusiasts , like all communities based around language that are n't academically rigorous or integrated with linguistics , can be bit annoying for linguists . 
  so that 's another possible reason for the disapproval . 
  conversations with classicists , language teachers , polyglots , conlangers etc. 
  can be hard for linguistics unless that person has some understanding of what they do . 
   the reason why this is a fallacious argument is because you ( i think intentionally ) altered the premise . 
  not at all , my analogy fits the idea of a `` conlang '' perfectly . 
  what you 're saying that that esperanto is to some degree a living language , because it has a community of speakers , and therefore is n't just a picture but something living that can be of interest to linguistics . 
  even if we accept this point , natural languages are like beautiful majestic dolphins living in nature , and esperanto is like a mish mash of a dolphin , a porpoise , and a whale someone sewed together in a lab somewhere , and managed to make survive on life support , it probably does have some limited import for marine biology but it 's not really that interesting to someone studying animals in the wild and perhaps not the best idea generally speaking anyway . 
   hrm . 
  a language not having much to do with linguistics . 
  that 's odd . 
  there 's nothing contradictory about that , not every aspect of language is necessarily of use to linguistics . 
  jane austen 's work may be an accomplishment in english literature but her novels ' use to linguistics is n't very substantial asides being examples that era 's prose style . 
   i find that the emphasis that often gets placed on dividing languages into clear-cut categories of `` natural '' and `` unnatural '' is not useful . 
  in fact , such an endeavor may be futile . 
  i disagree , even a language like modern israeli only became interesting linguistically because it was taken up by a large community of speakers . 
  esperanto does have a small community of speakers , so it 's more interesting to linguistics than dothraki or something , but it 's still nothing more than a footnote . 
  especially with real languages becoming extinct every day . 
   esperanto 's european nature is one of its benefitis and clearly a matter of practicality . 
  does not follow . 
   just criticizing it by saying it 's eurocentric is more of a sign of our times , since such an attitude is now popular among academics and that argument is much more likely to be passed uncritically to a sympathetic audience . 
  not really , it 's simply evidence that this language that was designed to be the `` universal language '' fell victim of the linguistic prejudices of its era and did n't achieve its goal . 
  it 's not a populist criticism , is a sound reason to reject the noble ends that the language 's creators and speakers claim to be esperanto 's purpose . 
  it 's not a reason to hate it , but it is a reason to reject the purpose its creator claimed for it , i.e to be a global lingua franca . 
   gosh , how do you , as a linguist , stand those annoying language communities ? 
  it must be awful . 
  all these people in the world , speaking languages that were n't academically rigorously integrated with linguistics . 
  `` languages '' are not academically or rigorously integrated with linguistics , i was talking about the language based communities e.g classicists , or polyglots , that have nothing to do with linguistics . 
  all i was pointing out is that linguists and these communities do n't tend to interact with each other a huge deal , and linguists do n't take a huge interest . 
  this is because many people in these communities do n't understand how linguists approach language , and naively believe , as previous generations of linguists did , that language is a question that can to be dealt with entirely a priori , leading to a lot of badling and awkward conversations for linguists so they just tend to stay out of those conversations . 
  anyway , the purpose my previous post was to explain why some linguists might hold conlangs in low regard , regardless of whether you agree or not , i think it achieved that end . 
  yes , i agree with most of what you 've said . 
  [ see my response to the other response ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/linguistics/comments/6oxwfg/why_are_linguists_often_strongly_allergic_toward/dklrb7e/ ) . 
  as esperanto does have a tiny community of speakers i 'm willing to acknowledge it has small amount of interest , although it 's certainly not huge . 
  as for conlangs becoming interesting to linguistics , well , it 's not impossible , especially things like experimental linguistics . 
  however , the main focus of linguistics to me is the empirical study of the natural phenomena that is language , and conlangs do n't necessarily sit that comfortably within the definition . 
  linguistics is generally descriptive , that 's to say , it studies what language actually is and does n't care much more what people think language should be . 
  however , language acquisition involves both passively absorbing what you hear around your and recreating it , but also the social aspect of language that arises due to the fact that most speakers believe language has rules and `` right '' and `` wrong '' ways to be spoken . 
  it 's a complicated web of imitation and cultural normativity . 
  personally i think this is a natural phenomena . 
  from an evolutionary perspective sensitive to linguistic variation has the advantage of helping us discern our `` in-group '' from an `` out-group '' . 
  it 's probably quite natural for humans to perceive the way the people `` over there '' speak as `` wrong '' while believing their own way of speaking to be `` right '' . 
  i wo n't deny that i think some linguists are overzealous in their disdain towards `` prescriptivism '' . 
  many will praise new changes in the way language is used , but get angry at the people who resist such changes e.g people who get angry at those who use `` literally '' as an intensifier . 
  personally i think this kind of folk prescriptivism is just as much a linguistic phenomena as language change itself , and if we assume the people promoting this resistance to change are just ordinary language speakers and not linguists with outdated prejudices then it should be viewed as a natural product of language evolution . 
  sadly , there is an inherent political aspect to it , as historically it was the holders of social and academic capital who prescribed language to masses , and this has had some very negative social effects such as the eradication of linguistic diversity and the erasure of culture . 
  this is ignores the fact that speakers of all dialects are capable of prescriptivism , and may well reject language change that does n't fit their schema , even if they do n't possess social/academic capital . 
  hypercorrections are a good example of how speakers belief in language as something structural and rules based can lead to language change itself . 
  however , linguistics take a more empirical approach , and why languages is less of a focus than how it changes . 
  because they 're 10 years old and love pokemon ? 
  recently i 've only seen kids playing it . 
  but when you 're 10 that kind of repetitive simplistic gameplay might not seem to unappealing . 
  it 's just like collecting sports cards or whatever to them . 
   imagine if a pharmacologist was told that artificial medications are not real medications . 
  pharmacology is an applied science . 
  it has teleology , to study the interaction of chemicals and human biology with the end goal of improving health . 
  linguistics is generally the application of the the scientific method to the phenomena of natural language . 
  conlangs , much like logical languages , might be useful to linguists from time to time as tools for analysis , but they 're generally not considered they object the field of study itself . 
  your analogy is comparing apples and oranges . 
  anyway , i 've already conceded that as esperanto has a modest community of speakers it may be of some limited interest . 
  the point i was trying to get across was that esperanto and other such conlangs might be unpopular in some linguistic circles because they see their job as studying the language that arises in the wild in order to make sense of the core of the phenomena scientifically , and not study the pet projects of individual thinkers who 've designed imitations of the real thing . 
  the latter tact could even be seen as unhelpful , as conlangs inevitably reflect their creators ' assumptions about language , which could just lead us down blind alleys and reinforce invalid assumptions about language , instead of revealing the real truths about language , hidden by the cognitive bias that linguistics struggles to overcome , it would just reinforce the historical mistakes that we 've made when thinking about language . 
  the question is really too broad anyway . 
  if you 're studying language acquisition experimentally then a conlang might be a lot of interest . 
  if you 're studying trends in phonetic shift historically , maybe not so much . 
  it just happens that many linguists agree that firstly conlangs are not the primary object of linguistic study , and dislike the presumptive notion of using an artificial language as a lingua franca . 
  they might also resent the assumption of laypeople that they should be interested in this just because it 's language , a bit like how the old `` all linguists are polyglots '' clich\u00e9 it gets old fast . 
  it 's interesting because this is how i imagine how `` australian english '' was presented to us as children growing up in the uk back in the day . 
  i guess the only australians the bbc let on the tv back in those days were the ones that sound like this . 
  language is a continuum .
