  absolute bullshit that it `` sounded american '' . 
  it would 've sounded like a pirate or someone living in a rural farming community in the uk or ireland . 
  you ca n't merely use the pronunciation of the letter - r as a grounds for claiming an accent is more similar , american accents were influenced greatly by the other european nationalities who changed to speaking english upon arrival in america , the generally isolated places in the uk where rhoticism remains are most likely how americans , at least the british ones , sounded in those days . 
  well yes and no , i ca n't condone how some people borrow irresponsibly and live beyond their means , but ultimately having an irrational fear of debt is almost as stupid . 
  it 's basically saying `` i 'm too irresponsible to handle borrowing money therefore i must condemn the very idea of it '' . 
  having an overdraft facility is very useful if you 're careful with it . 
  for example i 'll usually spend a few hundred on a credit card around christmas and pay it back in january because the money is more useful to me in december and i can easily cut back in january to make up the difference . 
  it seems just bloody minded to have a shit christmas instead merely because you 've been taught debt is evil , it just requires an understanding of finances . 
  well it 's quite obvious that british accents are more suitable for portraying this era since american accents did n't exist at the time . 
  i would n't be able to watch a fantasy setting with american accents it would be jarring . 
  the mistake that most make is using the stereotypical posh queen 's english accent that did n't come to exist until the victorian period . 
  in fact even lords and nobles would 've spoken with the regional dialect of their people , albeit more articulately . 
  however that brings me to the other benefit of british accents in that the great regional and socio-economic variation in manner of speech allows for the portrayal of characters backgrounds more readily . 
  for example in game of thrones most the noble characters like the lannisters speak in the queen 's english whilst the commoners have regional british accents like cockney , a myriad of northern accents , west country and so forth . 
  edit :, 
  people seem to be missing the point . 
  [ the queen 's english is the accent that does n't sound like how people spoke in colonial times , and this is an english accent that is less like how the colonists would 've spoken than modern american ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbrp-o6q85s&amp;t=35s ), 
  however the isolated forms of british english that remain today . 
  [ like this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzacygxu8zu ) or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scelaxmcvis ) or [ this one ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utvwdv9pzo8 ) are much closer to the english spoken back then than the vast majority of american accents . 
  [ here 's how scholars believed it would 've sounded , it 's distinctly british and not american ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gplppht7n9s ), 
  [ some isolated american however do have accents that have a similar sound to rural british accents and are close to the colonial speech of that age ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aizgw09cg9e&amp;t=38 ), 
  because i was just throwing a piece of information and got some defensive crap about stuff i do n't care about . 
  i do n't really care have a nice life and so forth . 
  ok but a lot of that money is to facilitate all the extra socialising done around christmas , that 's what burns the hole in my pocket around that time . 
  no , as i explained in my other post that is complete bullshit . 
  rhoticism is only one feature of an accent , and does n't make it more similar . 
  the rhotic accents that still exist today in europe are far closer to what would 've been spoken in those times . 
  there is a host of sources from which this can be judged . 
  furthermore there is no such thing as a british accent , and whilst it is true that many american accents are closer to how english was spoken back then than what many people assume is `` the british accent '' ( the queen 's english , hugh grant style accent ) , the rural and isolated accents that exist in britain even today are far closer to elizabethan english than the majority of american accents which have undergone a number of changes . 
  the only exceptions to this are rare isolated american accents like tangier island which remain very similar to the isolated british accents still spoken today . 
  i doubt it , rhotic accents appear in fantasy often in my experience . 
  samwise gamgee in lord of the rings being the perfect example . 
  hagrid in harry potter , some of the peasants in game of thrones although they seem to prefer northern and cockney non-rhotic accents . 
  the problem is that the british rhotic accents have become universally associated with lower class characters , simple folk , and consequently if you had tywin lannister with a thick west country accent it would be very jarring since he 'd seem uneducated when he 's anything but . 
  the hbo series `` john adams '' does a very good representation of how colonists would 've sounded , with mostly correct accents for the time . 
  actually it 's the long broad - a , otherwise it would be ca n't to rhyme with pant . 
  sentence structure is actually one of the most different things . 
  or if we get literal :d, 
  - where goes it to frankfurt . 
  - the direction there so !, 
  - the, 
  - yes, 
  - thanks unto thee, 
  - how far ? 
  - three hundred kilometre, 
  - three hundred kilometre ? 
  what !, 
  ( goest thou alone !, 
  - only idiots under way !, 
  * not sure about this ca n't hear it properly, 
  til, 
  per km the uk , ireland and the nordic countries are the safest in the world . 
  pretty sure he says `` die '' which of course would be translated as `` that '' or `` that one '' since the gender functions like a demonstrative , however because i 'm being literal i translated it as `` the '' because it 's funnier . 
  i would frankly disagree . 
  it 's still very much in usage on tv . 
  the only difference is that the bbc has had a push toward more regional presenters so as not to appear londoncentric . 
  this means a lot more northern / west country / welsh / midlands news readers and such . 
  gerund up in this bitch !, 
  it 's handy that so many words share roots though . 
  probably the one thing you can say about german not being too bad is that many many words are similar . 
  can you explain `` gehste '' to me , it 's not a form of gehen that i 'm familiar with ? 
  [ all hail the new caucasian master state !!, 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mzypxn5jzkm ), 
  ah ok , i had the meaning but missed the elision , slang german is even more confusing than the proper stuff sometimes . 
  where 's the link ? 
  the worse thing about this is the `` hurr durr euros do n't tip '' attitude . 
  the fact is i also believe that some tipping is good for improved service . 
  the point this intellectual yankee doodle does n't seem to get is that making someone 's livelihood rely on the generosity of others , to the point where it 's mandatory and you are considered a shit of a person if you refuse to tip , is absolutely barbaric . 
  yes the chance at a tip will improve service , why oh why does this exclude america from the obligation to secure liveable wages for their service industry workers ? 
  the 10 % tip for decent to excellent service system works well virtually anywhere in europe . 
  fake smiles and being interrupted five times during your meal to see if `` everything is ok with your meal '' or `` do you need any refills '' . 
  that is literally the only difference . 
  switzerland had a referendum on tipping and does n't do it so often now . 
  this is another thing i do n't understand about crazy american tipping . 
  in the uk we tip about 10 % for food and nothing for drinks , but when that money is tipped it goes into a tip jar and then is split between staff according to the number of hours they work . 
  so at the end of the week/month , the rotas would be looked at , the money would be divided by the total number of hours everyone worked to create an average tips per hour rate , and then everyone would be paid that rate for the number of hours they 'd worked . 
  it was a really fair system because it meant the chefs got a share of tips , even the pot wash . 
  the waiters that worked shitty hours like 11 - 5 ( in which they 'd only be about 2 moderately busy hours between 1-3 ) would get the same as the waiters doing 5 - 11 ( when it 'd be really busy between 7-10 ) . 
  nobody would be fighting to work weekends or bitching about having to work monday through wednesday evenings either which were usually pretty dead . 
  hot girls still got more tips ( and do n't get me wrong , restaurants in the uk are still more likely to employ you if you 're attractive ) but everyone was happy about it because it pushed up everyone 's tips . 
  i guess this type of tipping is way to communist for the us , seems ridiculous though because a restaurant is a team effort . 
  ultimately people in the uk tip for the overall experience , they are n't just looking at what the waiter does . 
  i 've heard of people tipping highly in the us for shitty food because it came with good service which seems ridiculous . 
  seriously us is fucked up . 
  that is a terrible phonetic approximation of this man 's irish accent . 
  he 's not even dropping his h 's, 
  [ best australian national anthem ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tn9ec3gy6nk ) ... 
  being irish , the irish do n't feel the need to obnoxiously and inauthentically avoid all things british and adhere to irish clich\u00e9s to maintain their sense of irishness . 
  that would be about as retarded as the british avoiding french wine lest it were to normanise them ... 
  those be fighting words to a yorkshireman ... yorkshire tea \u00fcber alles . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just going to be laughed at . 
  that 's some poncey tea right there . 
  perhaps you should learn english then ... 
  please explain how someone with stinky breath causes more stink by vaping than by breathing ... seriously, 
  people use smells like a kind of moral superiority . 
  racists complain about smelly foreigners . 
  non-smokers complain about smelly smokers ( their clothes and hands , obviously actual smoke is a different matter ) . 
  people who do n't fry food complain about people who do . 
  people who hate fish complain about the smell of fish whenever people eat it . 
  vegetarians complain about the smell of meat .
