  adding another level of safety does not entail that the protocols were inadequate . 
  i mean for fuck 's sake planes and trains still crash and there 's hundreds of years of safety experience that goes into building them . 
  i have no problem with journalists playing hard ball , in fact i think all good journalists should , but she 's just repeating the same assumptions over and over so we just get this tedious repetition . 
  sky really is just shit compared to the bbc , and even itv ( even though reddit seems to hate krishnan guru murphy haha ) . 
  yeah it 's ridiculous . 
  when something goes wrong on a plane or train it 's not even that the protocols were `` inadequate '' , as if the agencies that regulate them were just being lazy , it 's just usually some sequence events that has never been seen before that caused the fault , when it 's understood protocols are changed to account for this hereto unknown possibility . 
  ultimately there 's a good chance that this is what happened here , something went wrong no way they could 've known it were possible . 
  the other alternatives is that it was oversight on behalf of the manufacturers , they thought some fault were impossible when in fact it was possible , or there was oversight/negligence on behalf of a safety inspector , maybe they forgot to test some component , or maybe they tested it , thought it were working , when in fact it was n't , while the breakdown of the component was due to natural degradation . 
  i for one will be very interested in the results of the reports about what happened . 
  i 'm sure there are people who already have a good idea but nobody will be saying anything until the inspectors are done . 
  knowing will only lead to the production of safer rides which will ultimately be a good thing . 
  true , i was just winding you up , it was common to teach that 1812 was a us victory in the past . 
  it 's common to overplay the impressment issue too , when in fact annexing parts of canada while britain was tied up with france tends to be underplayed !, 
  the targaryens are just foreign occupiers from essos !, 
  the true claim lies in westeros !, 
  i think what is it is that once upon a time all schools used the system i outlined where each year was split into upper and lower . 
  often these were separate groups in the same classroom back when classes were smaller and might only have one teacher for the whole of the fourths for example , and he or she would simply set them different tasks . 
  then there were a number of educational reforms meaning there there were now 13 grades meaning it had to be adapted . 
  one of the ways might have been to add middle 5th . 
  however i 'm not sure what you mean by public school here . 
  in my books public schools are independent fee paying schools that belong to the headmaster 's conference , independent schools are independent fee paying schools which do not belong to the headmaster 's conference . 
  do you mean state schools ? 
  in my experience i 've never heard of a public or independent school having middle fifth but it 's quite possible since each has their own system . 
  in mine it was 3rds , shells , 4ths , l 5th , u 5th , l 6th , u 6th . 
  however i know many public school only accept entrance at 13 . 
  at harrow it 's shells , removes , l 5th , u 5th , l 6th , u 6th, 
  i know at king edward 's edgbaston it 's shells , removes , upper middles , 4ths , 5ths , l 6th , u 6th . 
  rugby school like eton does the block thing although i 'm not sure how it 's called . 
  as for state schools i 'm not old enough to remember the time when state schools adhered to this system . 
  they all follow the year 7 - 11 thing these days so no idea how it worked for them . 
  it 's safe to say that each public/independent school does it 's own thing so you wo n't find any logic there . 
  i hope this is really a thing rather than just a promotion for salca food . 
  also they seem to be really good opera singers , sad truth of the matter is that there are way to many talented opera singers and not enough roles . 
  one water , one drench and one pepsi , that 's what i call winning , water , juice and a fizzy drink , the refreshment trifecta, 
  naturally that 's the reason . 
  you 've got issues pal, 
  whose workplace is n't this safe for , because i pity that person . 
  why do these americans pretend to understand politics when all they do is shout slogans and bizarre ideologies at each other : /, 
  my faith never wavered !, 
   everyone i know with that sort of accent when they do n't actually have an accent, 
  logic ... you 're doing it wrong ( fyi everyone has an accent ), 
  what the other guy said is pretty stingy with the tipping if you ask me . 
  i would say tipping is definitely a thing in the uk , it 's just not such a big deal or as frequent . 
  it 's mostly constrained to paying for a sit down meal . 
  tipping 5 % for passable service , 10 % good/satisfactory service , and 15 % for great service and you happen to be feeling generous . 
  the only time i 've known anyone leave no tip whatsoever is when the food/service was bad . 
  i know some americans feel obliged to tip even on poor food because `` it 's not the waiter 's / waitress ' fault '' but there 's no need to think that in the uk ( also they are waiters and waitresses in the uk , server is not a term that has caught on and will lead to confusion . ), 
  that said there are situations where you can tip in the uk if you want to , for example i will tip my hairdresser by rounding to the nearest five and will regularly tell taxi drivers to keep the change if a journey costs 17/18 quid for example , although neither of these are required or expected and if i 'm poor that month i wo n't . 
  i think one important difference to note is that most places require you to go to the bar to pay for your drinks . 
  even in places that are restaurants as well as drinking establishments they 'll have sections that are waited for diners and everyone one else will get up to get their drinks . 
  there are some exceptions to this naturally , for example small restaurant/bar/caf \u00e9 hybrids where they do n't distinguish between people drinking and eating , but still it 's not the norm . 
  another thing op should note is that you 'll want a debit/credit card with a chip in it , i do n't know if they 've been full introduced in the us yet . 
  they 're not even allowed to take your card away as they do in many countries , they 'll bring the chip and pin machine to your table if you want to pay that way . 
  another thing americans are always shocked by is people saying `` you all right ? '', 
  ( y' right ? ), 
  and `` that 's all right '' , because americans tend to use the former purely for when someone appears sick or distressed whilst in the uk it just means the same as `` how 's it going ? '', 
  and the latter is typically used for accepting apologies when in the uk it 's more like `` you 're welcome '' or `` no worries '' . 
  i also think it 's fine to speak to people in pubs but you have to learn how to do it . 
  lots of people go to pubs just to be around friends , but when the time is right it 's ok to strike up a conversation with a stranger , i 'd recommend americans do n't try this straight away though and get a feel for how things work lest they intrude on people who do n't want to have a chat . 
  i think it 's important for americans ( and all ex-pats to some degree ) to de-nationalise when they arrive in another country . 
  particularly americans though . 
  for example do n't point out every little minutiae of difference to the locals and expect them to care , it will only sound like you 're have a pop at the country . 
  do n't assume the way your country does things is `` the norm '' and differences elsewhere are `` quaint '' and `` charming '' . 
  think more internationally as if the world were your home and the ways of doing things in different country were second nature to you , even when they 're not . 
  i think for many americans , being american is big part of their identity , and while this exists in every country there 's definitely less of it . 
  where you were born is just where you were born , a random act of fate , it 's not who you are . 
  countries are just countries all with good and bad , all different . 
  one thing worth noting is that america has a pretty unique attitude towards foreigners . 
  especially foreigners of countries they find interested whose countries do n't provide a great deal of 1st generation immigration to the us these days . 
  they tend to give them attention , and can lead to them feeling like some kind a rare specimen . 
  they often say things like `` welcome to america '' and expect you to be overwhelmed by the uniqueness of their society ( when in reality it 's much like everywhere else for the most ) . 
  this is not an attitude that exists in the uk , there are plenty of americans in the uk and europe as a whole , foreigners are incredibly common , many of us have visited america or different parts of the world , failing that most have a good idea what other societies are like , especially american society , so do n't play up these notions of difference . 
  many americans naively think they are vastly different from other parts of the world . 
  just assume you are another resident of england with all the same rights and entitlements . 
  sure your accent 's a little strange , yes you are a foreigner , but given you speak english there 's almost no barrier for you . 
  have a nice time . 
  our innovator ,, 
  who art in profit ,, 
  hallowed be thy brand ,, 
  thy products come ,, 
  thine early adoption be done ,, 
  in nebraska as it is in san francisco ,, 
  give us this marketing our daily advertisement ,, 
  and forgive us our false purchases ,, 
  as we forgive those who show no brand loyalty ,, 
  lead us not into inferior products ,, 
  and deliver us from foreign patent infringers ,, 
  for thine is the boot straps ,, 
  the market share and the best healthcare ,, 
  forever and ever ,, 
  ay-men . 
  thing is i think when people talk about turning away from a gay lifestyle it fall into different camps . 
  there are those who are adamant that homosexuality is nothing more than a lifestyle choice , that people choose to be gay , therefore gay conversion is possible because it 's just a matter of realignment of thought by prayer and learning . 
  pray to god and he 'll take away your sinful affliction in exactly the same way they think he 'll take away the urge to masturbate or the tendency to think sinful thoughts about people who are n't your spouse . 
  another camp think homosexuality is not fixable in the sense of entirely removing the urge , but urge christian homosexuals to take up the practice of abstinence and this is what they mean by giving up the gay lifestyle , i once heard a sermon from an openly homosexual vicar , and his attitude was the homosexuality is present in some people as a test , just as adultery is a test . 
  in his opinion having homosexual tendencies is n't a terrible sin just as having extramarital lust is n't a terrible sin provided you do n't act on it . 
  he even took a wife and recommended it for people of a homosexual persuasion on the basis that sex is only really an act necessary for procreation and not enjoying sex with your wife is n't a big deal , his wife of course was a devout christian who was of the same mentality . 
  so this is the attitude of many christians , when people say stuff like `` pray the gay away '' and portray christians believing that god is somehow going to magic away someone 's innate sexuality and replace it with a new one it 's somewhat unfair on what they actually believe . 
  personally i have no opinion on the matter being neither gay nor religious . 
  if someone wants to be abstinent on the basis of their religious beliefs that 's their right just as if someone is gay and wants to embrace that , that is also their right .
