  about time it was legalised, 
  too often for what lol ? 
  if it were legal there could be laws dictating where it was permitted to be used and such . 
  dumb comment , had to stop reading after the first sentence . 
  what 's with some redditors acting like the world exists just for them to share their boring opinions and critiques of stuff from their uninteresting brains ? 
  like anyone gave a shit ... 2/10, 
  jimmy carr is the most formulaic comedian in existence and bill burr just a pretty ignorant guy with an ego . 
  i find this content to be genuinely funny , also this guy 's accent is a mixture of pakistani and east midlands ... 
  i was thinking along those lines . 
  `` fell off of the table '' vs `` fell off the table '' , `` get off of him '' vs `` get off him '' and so forth . 
  you keep saying that word ... 
  not everyone speaks the same even within countries fortunately . 
  a lot of people in america think `` lay down on the ground '' sounds right , but also a hell of a lot do n't . 
  obviously the americans just hate us cos they ai n't us . 
  ca n't blame all roma or all travellers but there are some whose whole lives revolve around scamming . 
  they learn to scam when they 're 3-4 years old by being involved with their parents or older siblings scamming activities , by the time they are adults scamming is second nature to them . 
  they 're the kind of people who will act all moralistic and impoverished if interviewed by the government or media , pleading poverty , however simultaneously if their 8 year old comes home with a stolen bike or phone then behind closed doors they 'll pat them on the head and tell them they 've done a good thing . 
  the mentality in some of these communities is simple enough : the normal rules of morality do not apply to us . 
  it 's often through an us and then mentality , they see themselves as one people and everyone else is a different tribe and is never a friend or worth anything to you . 
  it 's perfectly acceptable to beg , steal , and cheat them for the betterment of the tribe . 
  it 's amazing the variety of scams they 'll be running and how organised it all is . 
  you might have the old women lying on the street with the little kids pretending to be homeless ( anyone with a brain knows this is bullshit because anyone with a young child would be given housing within a few days at least in my country ) , the old men will be outside the petrol stations with cans claiming to have run out of fuel a few miles away . 
  the young girls might be pickpocketing using distractions , or pretending to be deaf with fake petitions that beg you for a donation . 
  meanwhile the men might be out knocking on doors claiming that they 'll do stuff like do your driveway for super cheap , pressuring old ladies into giving them the money up front , then halfway through they 'll run out of bricks and need more money to get it finished , or committing more serious crimes instead . 
  the worst part is that all the while they 'll maintain a holier than thou attitude and make out to any non-gypsies that they 're struggling to get by and are honest people when behind closed doors they let the fa\u00e7ade slip and laugh about how much money they 've collected that day . 
  `` lie down on the ground '' , is considered officially correct in both standard american and standard british english . 
  i mean , say what you want , do n't want to be prescriptivist , but it seems to be only in certain parts of the us where `` lay down '' is widely considered acceptable . 
  politicians have ulterior motives . 
  i believe cannabis was originally made illegal for two reasons , one was because it 's made from a version of the hemp plant , and industry had killed off the hemp industry in favour of more profitable artificial forms of rope and fabric and did n't like the idea of hemp coming back into use for any reason . 
  secondly was straight up racism , the smoking of cannabis had been associated with non-european cultures , and was used in their communities , it was therefore by default considered bad and immoral by association . 
  it was a product of barbaric sub-human cultures in the eyes of many . 
  if sir walter raleigh had come back to england with weed instead of tobacco then we might live in a very different world . 
  the original cannabis plants were very weak , and smoked more like tobacco , only producing a psychoactive effect after a considerable amount of smoking . 
  it was n't until europeans started to use selective breeding to enhance the effects that cannabis became more of a real drug . 
  in the us there was moral panic about its use in black communities , its association with jazz and other immoral kinds of music , and its usage in immoral sexually promiscuous communities . 
  this is essentially why it was banned , it was n't a white man 's thing , and the logic of the day said that if good white christian folk started engaging in traditionally non-european behaviour they would slip down the social ladder and themselves become more barbaric and uncivilised like other races . 
  this kicked off a moral panic that lead to it 's being banned . 
  moreover once something becomes illegal , to the uncritical majority it is automatically bad . 
  only a bad person would do something that the government said was bad , doing such things was inherently unpatriotic . 
  questioning social authority simply was n't acceptable to 99 % of people until after the cultural revolution , and even then it only slowly became more normal . 
  cannabis illegalisation is just a small part of the wider war on drugs of course , which was really just way to create an enemy for conservatively minded people wanting to fight against the perceived slipping moral standards in society . 
  a lot of people came back from vietnam using heroin , and a number of them continued to use it creating a heroin culture in the us . 
  cocaine did n't arrive until the late 70s / early 80s with a wave of south american immigrants and destabilisation in various south american nations , the product of cold war politics . 
  crack cocaine was developed in the late 80s as people found more efficient ways to ingest cocaine . 
  meth was n't around until the 90s when people in poorer rural communities started looking for an alternative to expensive crack cocaine and saw a market there . 
  ecstasy did n't turn up until the late 80s / early 90s either , since it took enterprising individuals to bother looking for something that was originally developed as a tool for use in psychotherapy . 
  the whole legalisation of drugs has always been a farce . 
  a way to build a narrative that people could use a scapegoat for what they saw as the decline of civilisation and rise in crime . 
  in fact the criminality of drugs has contributed far more to crime than the drugs themselves ever could have . 
  people simply want something to blame and something that produces enjoyment in `` the other '' , people who you do n't identify with , was always a good way to do it . 
  i would never suggest we simply sell drugs freely as if they were tasty treats , but frankly if heroin addicts could simply be prescribed clean heroin by their doctor then we 'd certainly see a massive reduction in heroin related crime and deaths , since most the crime is related to its illegality and its inflated cost ( due to illegality ) , and most deaths are related to its unregulated strength and purity . 
  sadly in politics what is true is usually irrelevant , but what people believe is true matters a lot , and what people believe is true is controlled by the information available and often that is completely wrong or misleading . 
  seems a bit of a dick way to do it to me . 
  i still remember how my parents taught me how to swim . 
  they 'd simply swim out to deeper water with me while holding me up so i felt safe , and then they 'd let go of me for a bit while i 'd kick my legs and try to keep my head above the water for progressively longer intervals until i could maintain it indefinitely . 
  voila , now i could swim . 
  no idea why parents would want to outsource this experience to some grumpy swimming teacher who took a week long course on it . 
  i did get swimming lessons later , but that was more to learn how to swim properly like a grown up doing front crawl and stuff . 
  they are popular , that 's all there is to it . 
  horror genre is one of those things where 90 % of them are terrible , but each one still gets some business at the cinema because the cinema horror experience is unique in its appeal . 
  i 'm not sure you know what the third world is ... 
  except people do n't mean that any more since the iron curtain fell . 
  argentina is a pretty developed country , so why would their tv but any different from other developed nations ... 
  cos spanish people are n't white right ? 
  lol, 
  funny you say socialists running for president when the tax rate for the top earners under eisenhower was 90 % ... 
  in many ways between the great depression and 60s/70s the us was a lot more socialist . 
  tonnes of money was put into expanding government , government subsidised industry , labour unions . 
  it 's a myth that the right have created that america was always a free market laissez faire capitalist country . 
  socialism does n't mean no capitalism , it 's communism that fundamentally opposes capitalism in principle , it 's to do with nationalised industry . 
  in the past american industry was heavily nationalised , it was also very successful economically . 
  after the depression there was mass unemployment and national intervention in industry was seen as the solution to this problem . 
  it was the red scare and later the reagan years that demonised the concept of `` socialism '' into some dirty foreign idea , it 's nothing more than a way to make people embrace neo-conservative economic policy which believes that nationalised industry can not be competitive in a globalised economic environment when in reality it benefits that masses more if industry is nationalised . 
  well to us most of your generation seem like a bunch of entitled , ignorant , big headed , bigoted , myopic , pig headed , stubborn , idiots . 
  try being a young guy in it working with middle aged business owners , the kind of idiots who think if they shout louder things will get done faster , who think being decisive is more important than making the right decision , who think appearing resolute is better than acknowledging when they 've made a mistake . 
  that might have worked in the macho days of the past when the most complex thing you had to deal with was fixing an engine , but it 's a fucking useless approach to the complexity we face today . 
  i 'm actually amazed how these fat headed idiots manage to keep their businesses afloat , mostly through dealing with other people of a similar age and mentality i imagine . 
  thing is , it 's the older generation that are becoming the relics and they 're only holding on by virtue of the wealth they 've amassed over their course over their lives . 
  when you come across as stubborn , pig headed , entitled and myopic , so it goes both ways buddy . 
  i would pronounce fillet like i would skillet . 
  i 'm not french ffs ... ( the french word is filet anyway ), 
  ok but i think the point remains . 
  things like the new deal were in many ways socialist policies . 
  they still attempted to balance the budget but they did n't shy away from government regulation and national intervention in industry . 
  they nationalised a lot of things for the purpose of job creation . 
  i do n't even think my job was that complex , what 's laughable however is how these ageing business owners approach things , all machismo and can do attitude without any substance or self-doubt . 
  it 's the difference between an authority based world and an information based world . 
  old people think we 're a wishy washy generation because we being assertive , decisive and committal , acting like a domineering force to get ahead , when they do n't realise we live in a world where the situation can change overnight and doing these things is likely just to make a tit of yourself somewhere down the line . 
  `` sticking to your guns '' so to speak , is no longer a useful virtue but in fact a lack of adaptability . 
  i will watch this for the nostalgia but i 'm not hopeful . 
  yeah it was n't that extreme , who has n't mildly freaked out before . 
  i do n't know . 
  odd nerdy types obviously had some evolutionary advantages or they would n't exist . 
  probably the kind that everyone would serially underestimate and then they 'd wake up one night with a knife in their gut and all their food missing . 
  in the uk , in my experience , there 's no such thing as `` hall monitors '' , never heard the phrase . 
  what you had were prefects ( although some schools had different names for them ) , who were in charge of various menial tasks . 
  for example , they would often have the duty of guarding certain areas that kids were n't meant to be in during breaks or before school . 
  strangely at my school , which started at 8.45 , nobody was allowed into the building until 8.30 ( come rain or snow ) . 
  prefects had the privilege of being allowed into the foyer when they arrived in order to prevent people coming into the building unless they had good reason to be there . 
  another job they had was controlling entry to the lunch hall .
