  now that dany has the reach i think she 'll be best positioned to feed her armies for the now ( might change when winter really sets in ) . 
  i think we 're going to see things get really dark in king 's landing soon . 
  as we know the gold has arrived there already , but not the food . 
  i 'm expecting cersei to be evil as usual and instead of buying food for the common folk with that money she 's going to hire the golden company and `` let the people eat cake '' . 
  it might turn out that she wo n't be able to get food to king 's landing if dany sieges the sea as well as the land . 
  i think they 're setting up for some cruel irony and desperation in king 's landing . 
  lannisters surrounded by gold dying from starvation . 
  it 's like the ultimate ironic punishment for the haughty lannisters whose power always depended in their wealth . 
  they 'll soon see how little gold is worth when you 've nothing to eat . 
  i 've got my fingers crossed from some cannibal action in king 's landing . 
  qyburn is going to have a field day with all the death and gore . 
  i think that things will get so bad in king 's landing by the time the night king arrives all they 'll have to do is call out to the legion of undead brother 's that qyburn has made , and raise the corpses of the uncountable dead peasants , and they 'll open the doors wide for them without a fight . 
  we also need to see cersei brought low and humbled and that would require something really fucked up , like being forced to eat human flesh to survive the winter . 
  i think that will be next season though . 
  i think at the end of this season we 'll see the first snows falling on king 's landing as the situation really starts to go from fucked up to super fucked up . 
  it might be used that way by some people in the us . 
  i could n't possibly comment . 
  it remains that thug is not a racial word . 
  it has no inherent racial component , it actually comes from indian languages . 
   when i see `` thug '' in a news article , it 's usually highly biased and low quality . 
  stop doing that . 
  you do n't fight ignorance by being ignorant . 
  the world is a lot bigger than the problems that us has in its afro-american communities . 
   you make some good arguments but i do n't think dany will have enough time before the wall goes down or whatever happens in the north happens to create much more food then was already harvested and possibly burned in the convoy . 
  imo it 's already too late to produce new food , the idea of growing more food this late in the year is crazy . 
  however , i think dany will be able to collect food from whatever castle she wants and that there is still enough food around for her to feed her armies for now . 
  i think whoever controls of the southern kingdoms right now will be able to find stores in other castles and towns . 
  there are still plenty of cities e.g old town , to take food from if you 've got an army and dragons . 
  maybe next season when winter really hits its peak we 'll see some westeros wide starvation , but that will be later and unrelated to the convoy 's loss . 
  my point is that just because food was lost in convoy that came from highgarden , and just because highgarden is the biggest food producers in westeros , it does n't mean the loss of the convoy is going to have a big impact on the global food availability across westeros . 
  i think the global food availability across westeros is going to get bad though when the winter really gets bad , but that would 've been true with or without the convoy being destroyed . 
  what we do know is that highgarden and the surrounded area is fucked , and now because of the convoy 's destruction so is king 's landing . 
  what it comes down to is that westeros is huge and highgarden is just one castle . 
  while it 's certainly bad news for highgarden and king 's landing , but i do n't think it will affect the rest of westeros that significantly . 
  highgarden is n't the only city in westeros with food stores , even if theirs were the largest . 
  but unrelated to the plundering of highgarden the food stores across westeros are almost certainly too small for there not to be famine come the long night . 
  the whole of westeros should 've been prepping from the long night way back in season one frankly , but the `` knights of summer '' have been gallivanting around fighting their own pointless wars while the real enemy has been waiting for the chance to strike once it gets cold enough for the walkers to come south . 
   i think there might even be some envoys sent into kings landing eventually with jamie still captured ( he 's good at getting captured ) that will try to convince cersei of the enemy in the north and that this war is entirely pointless ( jon might even send davos or go himself if he 's willing to risk it ), 
  good point . 
  i personally think jaime is going to be captured and tyrion is going to do his best to convince his brother he 's fighting for the wrong side . 
  he wo n't succeed in turning him but he 'll plant the seeds of doubt in his mind . 
  by the time he returns to cersei she 's going to have gone a bit `` mad queen '' raising the dead and using qyburns magic to control a city of starving peasants ( and jaime might have been convinced of the existence of the white walkers ) , at which point jaime will strangle cersei fulfilling maggie 's prophecy that her younger brother will kill her , which she wrongly assumed was going to be tyrion . 
  with cersei dead jaime will join the fight against the white walkers with his valerian steel sword in a story of redemption , maybe dying himself to help jon snow defeat the night king . 
  that 's just the reality of the youtube game . 
  honestly any youtuber that does n't appeal to the teen or kid market is at a disadvantage . 
  joes ' content is great but it 's really just 20 something laughing at nerds , no something kids find interesting . 
  it sounds about as similar as it does the english word cheese frankly ... 
  cool story buddy . 
  so an unoriginal american steals the name of one of london 's premier theatres and now the british one is a `` sham '' . 
  why are so many americans delusional . 
  the us has ripped off so many other cultures throughout the years that even the phrase `` as american as apple pie '' does n't make sense, 
  no you do n't , you 're just an idiot . 
  no amount of interpretation will fix that :(, 
  [ lol ] ( https://youtu.be/uwu3jqlmimy?t=40 ) you so sure ? 
  bloody kneelers . 
  is it any dumber than the fuccbois who post root 'n' tooty point 'n' shooty memes every time they hear the british accent . 
  it 's not your fucking language at all . 
  american english is your language and from the perspective of other varieties it sounds distinctly fucked up . 
  i do n't know where you get this idea that you dominate the anglosphere but it 's probably just a reflection of america 's own cultural insularity . 
  the other members of the anglosphere , except maybe canada , are staunchly proud of their linguistic variation and mock those who use american words , and 2 billion people or something speak english as a 2nd language and they do n't tend to sound `` american '' . 
  in fact british english seems more popular with learners due to lack of confusing vowel mergers e.g caught-cot , the letter - t not being pronounced like - d , and the lack of the american rhotic - r sound which is a hard sound to make for anyone who did n't grow up using it . 
  usually people ca n't understand accents because they 've never had any friends with accents , which itself would suggest a degree of racism or exclusion , yes . 
  it 's very noticeable in multi-cultural areas that the young people who grow up around accents can all interpret what everyone is trying to say with ease , while the older generation will become unstuck the moment someone does n't pronounce every word exactly the same way as they would . 
  i 'm not saying it 's your fault that you do n't understand , maybe you 've just never been exposed to many accents , but it 's nothing to be proud of . 
  if you avoid everyone with an accent you might be racist , yes . 
  i did n't say you were racist . 
  you might live in the middle of bumfuck nowhere so that might be the reason . 
  either way , it 's nothing to be proud of . 
  if you think being like an 80 year old linguistic retard who ca n't understand anyone but people who grew up down the road from him is desirable , you 're a very odd person . 
  it 's embarrassing when one person constantly needs accents explained to them . 
  i 'm sorry but they 're not learning it because of you at all . 
  most people are n't learning english to speak to native english speakers at all frankly , they could n't care less what americans or any other nationality of english speaker can understand , they 're learning it to speak to other people who have english as their 2nd language . 
  when a israeli goes to do business in spain they speak english together . 
  english was well on the way to becoming a lingua-franca before america was considered a global power . 
  it was a language of trade all over the world . 
  american media constantly over exaggerates its own importance , very few people are focussing on learning `` american english '' , the only people who do that are those who plan to actually study or work in the united states . 
  `` american english '' itself is very idiosyncratic with a punch of weird pronunciation quirks that would hinder , rather than aide communication in much of the world . 
  it is one unified language , you can understand what i 'm writing right now ca n't you ? 
  i 'm not writing `` american english '' just to make you understand , you know ? 
  if anything the americans let the side down by being a nation of linguistic nazis , as evidenced by the decline in your own regional dialects in recent history , leading to a generation that ca n't understand the word `` water '' if you actually pronounce the damn letter t in it , instead of saying `` wah-durr '' . 
  that 's not how language works . 
  changing the accent a language is spoken in is like changing the key of a piece of music . 
  all the notes change but they change in relation to one another and consequently remain internally consistent . 
  you can play some music in a different key and it 's still music , and you can still recognise that it 's the same piece . 
  language is the same , you change the accent and it 's still comprehensible once you figure out how it fixes together . 
  many americans are the accent equivalent of tone deaf , never bothering to exert the same amount of energy is takes figure out how different accents fit together . 
  sometimes to such an extreme point that they actually do n't understand if you do something as logical as pronounce a hard - t in the word `` water '' instead of saying `` wah-durr '' . 
  if america did n't seem to hate and denigrate its own regional dialects then maybe people in the us would still be able to understand different dialects of english . 
  actually i know it well . 
  in fact the very problem is that many americans seem interpret phones that lie within certain allophonic sets of phones making up english language phonemes as lying outside of that phoneme . 
  there 's also a great deal of pure unwillingness to `` code-shift '' and realise that speaker 's of foreign languages might substitute phones for different phones that would n't normally lie within that allophonic set you 'd expect if you were speaking to your native born next door neighbour . 
  i would n't normally consider / z / to be suitable rendering of the `` th '' in the word `` this '' , but if they were a german or french accented person i would , it takes about 3 seconds to reconfigure your brain to their code and then communication can continue unimpaired . 
  ( then again , i would n't normally consider / a / to a suitable rendering of the the `` o '' in the word `` pot '' , but if i 'm speaking to an american i can code shift there too ) . 
  unless you 're an american linguistic nazi of course , in which case you just go on a rant about `` muh inglish '' . 
  let 's face it , being a nation of mixed nationalities with english as they unofficial , but highly socially encouraged , lingua franca has given many americans shitty attitude towards `` speaking proper ' '' . 
  correct english for many americans is synonymous with however they happen to speak , and often they do n't even realise that their own way of speaking contains regional variation . 
  america might be the only country where it 's completely normal to talk about other people having `` an accent '' but insisting that they themselves do n't have one . 
  the fact that regional dialects are perceived as a social impairment in your nation , and are consequently becoming less prevalent in much of the country , is proof enough of that . 
  why are reddit threads full of americans proclaiming they ca n't understand australian/english/irish / scottish videos . 
  why is it that when you go out to the middle of nowhere in the us anyone with the slight accent ends up repeating themselves 5 times as if they were speaking a foreign language .
