  arguments are right or wrong regardless of what you convince people of , as you stated here, 
   just because reddit agrees with you does not mean that you are right , only that you are popular . 
  so how the fuck is using an underhand tactic to manipulate people into believing you a fallacy . 
  likewise violent crime in the uk is n't higher than in the us . 
  a common factoid used by american gun nuts . 
  it 's simply that a bit of pushing and shoving , or even shouting at someone in an intimidating way is considered `` violent crime '' in the uk . 
  if you actually compare the uk and us crime for crime ( accounting for population obviously ) the only crimes that the uk has higher is knife related crime ( and only by about 27 % i believe ) and household burglary ( 30 % more common ) . 
  you 're still more likely to be robbed ( theft with intimidation and/or violence ) , raped , assaulted , or killed in the us i 'm afraid , despite the presence of guns . 
  yes it is . 
  violent crime scope is way broader in the uk . 
  the only crimes the uk beats the us in is knife crime and household burglary . 
  what about all the fucks who equate national debt to personal debt , and say that x country is broke and will never pay off its national debt blah blah blah . 
  there are fucks on the right as well as the left . 
  rekt, 
  what are you suggesting ? 
  it 's not a big conspiracy . 
  look at what happened in iraq . 
  this is n't a war . 
  when the local population is a against you , intermingled with the civilian population , and living in their rightful place of birth , short of genocide there 's fuck all you can do . 
  i 've read your link and i 've understood it . 
  however i have to say i completely disagree . 
  fallacies are meant to be logical , true or false regardless of who believes them and their relationship to each other . 
  being deceptive is an ethical violation , not a logical one . 
  it 's bad to use underhand tactics when have a serious debate , but you ca n't go labelling lack of integrity illogical , it 's simply not what logic is . 
  also the majority of people have used this definition and not the one you 've posted there . 
  from a purely linguistic standpoint not many people are pragmatic theorists and wo n't follow this definition , and therefore wo n't know about what you 're talking about with this . 
  you could say that neptune9825 is being deceptive by calling the non-pragmatic understanding of fallacy a `` myth '' , since it 's the one that is widely in use . 
  this guy is behind this bullshit channel . 
  it 's basically just a far right wing funded propaganda machine hidden in the guise of a university . 
  the guy you heard there is a far right radio host for fuck 's sake . 
  it 's a university damned after a dj ... 
  i 'm pretty sure there is oppression in america , however those people also do n't have time to give a shit about star wars . 
  ah yes , i wo n't have to work as long . 
  i can retire at 55 instead of 65 when my kids are adults who drop in once a month , the sex in my relationship is boring and everything new is starting to scare and confuse me . 
  living in western europe . 
  point irrelevant . 
  i 'm sorry op this is not permitted . 
  your very thoughts are subversive . 
  you 're either wildly successful or someone who wanted to be but was n't worthy . 
  you must chase the millions or you 're worthless . 
  doing a job is not enough . 
  you 've got to be willing to sell your arse for that promotion or you 're no good to society . 
  it 's the capitalist way . 
  that looks like fun here 's mine , in the order that i learned to memorise them for a bet one time . 
  washington - seattle , grunge music, 
  oregon - the dream of the 90s is alive in portland, 
  california - all that hollywood shit , compton , too much stuff to list, 
  idaho - fucking nothing , farms ? 
  nevada - las vegas and desert, 
  utah - mormons , salt lake city, 
  arizona - more desert, 
  montana - i think yellowstone is here, 
  wyoming - less people than a british town , more farms, 
  colorado - legal weed , south park , skiing, 
  new mexico - breaking bad was here, 
  north dakota - farms, 
  south dakota - farms, 
  nebraska - farms, 
  kansas - wizard of oz + farms, 
  oklahoma - another musical + farms, 
  texas - steers and queers , cowboys , rednecks , christians , basically americans concentrated into a purer form . 
  minnesota - they sound like canadians and call it something like mini-soda . 
  iowa - farms, 
  missouri - fucking pointless, 
  arkansas - ca n't pronounce their state right , really really redneck , bill clinton 's from here, 
  louisiana - cajuns , ca n't speak french correctly , swamps, 
  wisconsin - bland , i mean wtf goes on here . 
  illinois - that place where chicago is, 
  michigan - detroit is here , also lakes, 
  indiana - 500 ( nascar maybe worst sport ever ? ), 
  ohio - pointless , funny name though `` oh hi oh !, 
  kentucky - fried chicken, 
  tennessee - jazz music , country music , nashville, 
  mississippi - has a river , can be used to count seconds, 
  ( deliverance ) , sweet home, 
  florida - worst place according to reddit , disney theme park , swamps , spice addicts , miami vice , cocaine, 
  georgia - willy nelson, 
  south carolina - racism, 
  north carolina - racism, 
  virginia - tobacco, 
  west virginia - also tobacco, 
  delaware - george washington crossed this i believe ( the river at least ) , the treasonous fuck, 
  maryland - stupid name , near dc, 
  pennsylvania - has amish , bore and rose the fresh prince , groundhog day . 
  new jersey - terrible reality television , think they 're italian but mispronounce rudimentary words , fake tan, 
  new york - most things seem to happen here , like california too much stuff, 
  connecticut - no a clue, 
  rhode island - family guy is set here, 
  massachusetts - where mit is, 
  new hampshire - about as interesting as old hampshire, 
  vermont - maybe it has a nice mountain ? 
  maine - i think they catch lobster here . 
  hawaii - not really america , has british flag despite never being a colony , pearl harbour , dog the bounty hunter , meth, 
  alaska - cold , oil , sarah palin , i can see russia from my house, 
  as you can see op , outside of new york and california , and maybe a few interesting cities like chicago and miami we do n't take much interest in the rest of country because it all seems pretty god forsaken to me !, 
  ocd = dsm defined mental disorder . 
  some stupid phobia is not the same . 
  shut up ... 
  i agree , it also fits his accent for cull to sound call , but it does n't make sense for calm to sound like call , if that makes sense . 
  it does n't work like that though .
