  science is about figuring out how things work , and you do n't have to have absolute truth to start figuring out how things work . 
  said no scientist ever . 
  nothing can be confirmed 100 % true . 
  the closest thing we have to absolutely truth is logical truth , which is essentially tautological , and even that can be quibbled with at the axiomatic and psychological levels . 
  `` probably '' being the important word here . 
  we can not be certain , and have no means to prove or disprove , whether your experience of red is comparable to my experience of red . 
  while we may both react to the same light frequencies in the same way , and produce identical results in a blind `` red or not red '' test , you could be experiencing red the same way i experience green and we 'd never know . 
  until we can understand how a consciousness functions scientifically , and reduce your inner conscious life to the events occurring in your body , then we ca n't answer this question . 
  this is not something that science is currently able to understand in the slightest . 
  oh and i should believe your statement that :, 
   theories are 100 percent true unless they are doing experiments to prove that the theory is false . 
  fact is you do n't need to take me word for it , ask any scientifically literate individual , or do some googling around the theory of science , and you 'll find people agree with me . 
  why do n't you trust [ these ] ( http://physics.stackexchange.com/questions/31068/can-a-scientific-theory-ever-be-absolutely-proven ) [ sources ] ( https://thebigbangtonow.wordpress.com/2007/04/13/11/ ) [ then ] ( https://www.psychologytoday.com/blog/the-scientific-fundamentalist/200811/common-misconceptions-about-science-i-scientific-proof ), 
  scientists do n't need to pretend anything , whether a theory is true or not true does n't impact what a scientist does , you 're talking shit and trying backtrack mate , and it 's just pathetic . 
  you need to understand that dialect does n't mean some rural dialect that everyone recognises as a dialect e.g bavarian german . 
  those people who try to or claim to speak `` standard slovenian '' but make mistakes in declension , number , and gender , are speaking their own dialect of slovenian . 
  just because a school hammers home the `` official '' grammar of slovenian for 8 years whilst at school does n't mean that someone is adequately acquainted with the grammar . 
  in ancient britain parents probably tried to hammer home the declension patterns and noun genders in old english , but that does n't stop future generations from ignoring them and eventually forgetting what they were altogether . 
  up until quite recently english teachers told their students to say things like `` it is i '' and `` you are he '' , but slowly more and more people said `` it 's you '' and `` you 're him '' , and the speakers of english became surrounded by people saying these things , eventually this `` dialect '' , the product of what some called `` bad grammar '' and `` stupidity '' , became the standard form of the language . 
  those kids in certain parts of slovenian society go home to parents who also make so called mistakes with their gender , number , and declension , and chat to friends to make those mistakes too . 
  then when called upon to speak `` official '' slovenian they fuck it up because it 's not their natural way of expressing things . 
  it 's a simple fact that native speakers do n't make errors consistently . 
  if someone consistently makes the same `` mistake '' then they are simply speaking a different dialect than you , no matter what anyone else believes . 
  isolated communities will almost always preserve older linguistic features ( however they will also adopt their own innovations in the form of a dialect ) . 
  there 's nothing inherently isolated about the us settlers . 
  if you settled a rural part of the us you might preserve some older ways of speaking due to isolation . 
  however , your nearest trading partner village might consist entirely of swedish speakers , so your way of speaking over time will become influenced by swedish . 
  in the late 1700s americans who went to england noted that english was being spoken differently from how they remember it , but around that time english visitors where noting that americans were developing their own accents . 
  who moved away from whom is not a question we can really answer . 
  also i 'll add that old english was dead and gone well before america was even discovered . 
  at the time of the first british settlers moving to america early modern english would 've been spoken . 
  if america had been settled before then then the language may have diverged far more drastically , and american vs english might be more similar to something like dutch vs german . 
  did n't hit any spot mate . 
  you 're just doing the typical reddit thing of not admitting when you 're clearly mistaken . 
  250ml only equals 250g if the liquid is water . 
  other substances have different densities . 
  i know what i know because i 've actually studied the theory of science at university . 
  no theory of science says `` pretend theories are 100 % true until proven otherwise '' . 
  so yes , you are talking nonsense and i 'm sure of that fact . 
  damn i hoped that were a thing . 
   linguist john algeo wrote an essay a few years back that disagrees on how dead old english was at the time . 
  i do n't think you understand what old english is . 
  old english was already out of use hundred of years earlier in the days of chaucer , old english is what beowolf is written in , it bears very little resemblance to modern english . 
   many american forms of pronunciation are older than british ones . 
  many english forms of pronunciation are older than american ones . 
  for example , pronouncing `` new '' like `` nyew '' instead of `` noo '' . 
  or like pronouncing words like ball with a separate vowel so it does n't rhyme with dahl . 
  or pronouncing words with - o with a rounded vowel so com does n't sound similar to calm . 
  americans also stopped using some of the natural elisions that english had , and changed pronunciations so they were more phonetic , the product of many foreigners learning the language in its written form . 
   in fact , much of american english is older than british english since some american words like `` fall '' ( meaning the season ) are from middle english . 
  no `` much '' of american english is not older than british english . 
  some words ( like `` fall '' for `` autumn '' ) are older , but many words are newer , and many british english words like `` arse '' `` amongst '' `` whilst '' `` amidst '' `` burgle '' `` fortnight '' `` whinge '' are older than american equivalents . 
   so at the time the of the first english settlers they were still using at least some old english words which is why we still see them in american english and not british english . 
  not really frankly . 
  americans spoke the same as the british when they arrived . 
  while they preserved some words the english lost , they also lost some words the english preserved . 
  american english also borrowed loan words from settlers , which is how we got words like duvet and kindergarten . 
  i 'm sorry , but you 're just mistaken if you believe american english is inherently more conservative than british english . 
  it 's a myth that was spread around but american nationalist types in the olden days as a kind of counter to the complaints from the british that americans were n't speaking the language properly . 
  sadly this myth still continues today . 
  all the most common modern british and american ways of speaking have diverged significantly, 
  from the original root , and asking which is more conservative is like asking whether a pear or an orange is more similar to a banana . 
  additionally both countries contain within them dialects that are more conservative than the common modes of speaking in either country . 
  maybe the mormons were right !, 
  true , but working with weight rather than volume makes more sense imo , because lots of substances are n't liquid or fine grained like flour , so working with volume with something like chopped apple becomes unnecessarily odd . 
  that 's what i call a quality gif, 
  we 're all middle class and broke these days apparently , because we eat paninis , know how to pronounce latte and do n't call spaghetti bolognese `` foreign muck '' we are literally incapable of being economically deprived , at least in the minds of some . 
  i think `` aspiration values '' were probably the greatest trick the tories every played , convince people they 're sophisticated and they 'll stop identifying as working class . 
  i ca n't help but think we british fucked ourselves too , by putting too much stead in the notion that class was about culture rather than wealth . 
  i do n't think the working class spaniards consider themselves sophisticated because they drink coffee imported from italy . 
  yeah , definitely another factor . 
  unless you 're working with your hands you ca n't be working class is another myth that we suffer from . 
  whilst this might have been true 1950s ( at least for the majority of working class people ) it 's certainly not today , and many of the lowest earners are working in office like environments . 
  haters gon ' hate !, 
   i do n't recall saying that modern english bears a resemblance to old english as if we all just stepped out of the pages of beowulf , only that pieces of old english can be found in modern english . 
   why is it my personal understanding ? 
  i very clearly said linguist john algeo wrote an essay that disagrees with you on old english being `` dead and gone '' as many old english words are still in modern english . 
  if you want to write a paper that counters his argument feel free to do so , but please do n't attribute that to me not understanding something . 
  but you clearly do n't understand what old english means . 
  old english a name we use to refer to the english spoken between a certain time frame . 
  saying old english was dead and gone does not mean there were no traces of the language in modern english , such a thought is just plain silly , which i assumed you 'd understand . 
  it goes without saying that later forms of a language are derived from earlier forms of the language , but that does n't mean the older form still exists . 
  old english is defined by the manner of speaking from about 500-1150 ad , as soon as it starts to change it 's no longer old english , being similar does n't make it still old english . 
  john algeo does n't disagree me ( if he 's a real linguistic ) , you or your source for this has misunderstood or misinterpreted what he said . 
   `` modern english really starts with chaucer , who marks a break between earlier english ( with strong saxon , angle , and norse roots ) and the language of the home counties ( which borrowed heavily from norman french , both in vocabulary and grammar ) . '', 
   chaucer lived and died in the mid 1300 's til 1400 so yes i understand it was 200 or so years before english settlers even came to america . 
  however , the modern english settlers brought with them was based on middle english which itself was based on late old english . 
  old english ca n't be `` out of use '' if we still use old english words to this very day . 
  again , you 're telling me that middle english was based on old english , it literally goes without saying that a later form of language is derived from the previous form , that 's the only reason why they are same language . 
  however , yes , that does mean that old english was out of use , in the same way that latin is out of use in italy , although the vast majority of italian words are derived from various forms of latin . 
  you ca n't seriously be claiming that old english was still in use in simply because there are similarities in the latter that derive from the former . 
  that 's not how this works , how old english is defined is by the manner of speaking in the old english period , as soon as it starts to change you 're no longer speaking old english , otherwise any english speaker could claim to be speaking old english , and the italians could claim to speak latin . 
   my use of `` much '' is based on a newspaper article i read many years ago where merriam-webster stated that most of the american english language is based on old english roots ( maybe that 's how this whole topic got started ) . 
  of course with the constant influx of new words i do n't doubt that 's thrown this whole thing off , but it said american words skew slightly older . 
  you should n't get your linguistics out of the newspaper any more than you should get your science out of the newspaper . 
  the newspaper was wrong , simple as that , and probably just parroting some out dated ideas from the american intelligentsia of the early 20th century . 
  there is simply not support for this belief . 
  there are old words in both american and british english , any thing that claims one is older than the other is just a nonsense opinion piece . 
   if you have a source that says that 's not true i 'd be happy to read it because i really do enjoy learning about languages and their origin . 
  linguists do n't go around arguing which national form of a language is older than another , and do n't make such claims , because , understanding linguistics they know that such questions are meaningless .
