  unlike feudalism however the single individual holding the power is n't granted that power by divine right or birth , but rather because he is thought by the masses , by deception or no , to embody the perceived positive attributes they feel best represent their current ideological zeitgeist . 
  thus fascism alludes to the ( impossible ) alignment of the will of the people , the party and leader . 
  i 've never understood what the nostalgia is about with these , the last time i ate one was 15 years ago and it was crap then too . 
  expensive , took a good 20 minutes for them to cook the food and it was really no better than what my local kebab shop could 've produced, 
  ah peterborough , where infrastructure ... and thus civilisation ceases to be, 
  no it 's not , generic authoritarianism does n't care about trying to represent will of the people , it also does n't require a single figurehead who is meant to represent that will ideologically , nor does it require the alluded alignment of the nation ( the people ) , party and the leader . 
  if there is a problem with what i said , it 's how do you distinguish fascism from something like a totalitarian communist dictatorship , and imo the main difference is that fascism is a conservative ideology while communism is revolutionary . 
  i kind of [ answered this before . 
  ] ( http://www.reddit.com/r/askuk/comments/1n2tu7/i_see_a_lot_of_fucked_up_jokes_about_princess/ccf19us ), 
  this should be higher !, 
  i agree with the inspector . 
  dialects are slowly dying out , not because they are being stamped out , but because the world is becoming smaller . 
  obviously accents are a different question , but everyone should be using correct grammar in school . 
  the problem with what the teacher did is that it 's the type of non-standard dialect that could be reflected in writing . 
  if a teacher in yorkshire t-glottals as in `` go t ' lesson ! '', 
  that 's fine because it 's just a feature of that accent that replaces `` to the '' , nobody is going to write t-glottal , but if you use a pronoun as an indexical then that is a true dialectical change and it would be marked as incorrect by an english teacher if written down . 
  some people are deeply messed up in a way most people ca n't even imagine . 
  the world is n't just split into good people who can sometimes be victims and others who are just assholes . 
  there are people who 've been hurt so bad it 's disturbed them so deeply they 've become twisted inside . 
  people who subconsciously seek to reenact abuse they 've lived through in a spiral of self-destruction , unable to feel worthy of love . 
  it 's not something you ever imagine you 'd have to deal with if you are lucky enough to have had a normal upbringing . 
  as a non-native speaker you 're forgetting that when a native speaker writes a sentence they are simply hearing the language in their head as they write . 
  they are n't thinking about the written form of the language distinct from the spoken form at all . 
  since some words are homophones it 's quite easy for native speaker to write `` it 's '' instead of `` its '' or `` your '' instead of `` you 're '' , or use the incorrect form of `` there '' `` their '' or `` they 're '' because they 're virtually all homophones . 
  when a non-native speaker writes a language it takes a considerably greater degree of effort , you 're probably far more aware of what you 're actually writing than someone whose grown up with english as their primary language . 
  as a native speaker you 're merely going on what `` sounds correct '' rather than analysing what you 're writing , which is where the difficulty occurs . 
  you ca n't help some people , and you should n't ruin your life trying to help someone out of a sympathy for that person . 
  people can only be helped if they want to help themselves , and some people , whilst simultaneously wanting your support and care when shit hits the fan , do n't actually want to help themselves or change . 
  the best thing you can do is walk away from such people as heartbreaking as that is , until they genuinely want to better themselves you 're just wasting your time and energy and bringing yourself down by caring about them . 
  people who manipulate your emotions to get what they want . 
  reddit is the lowest common denominator . 
  obviously reddit is n't one person . 
  but the aggregate opinion rises to the top . 
  if we assume `` reddit '' is the sum of this aggregate , it would be a slightly above average intelligence , but it does n't have an ounce of nuance to its thinking and a whole lot of arrogance . 
  i do n't know why your having such trouble with this one frankly , the classical examples of synthetic a priori knowledge are mathematical knowledge and propositions such as `` the shortest distance between two points is a straight line '' . 
  kant saw these conclusions as not being included within their constituent concepts and therefore not analytical , yet believed that they were neither derived from experience , since it 's not necessary to test these conclusions using induction in order to derive them . 
  most simplistically , the reason he held that these propositions could not possibly be analytical is because they seem to apply to the world outside us in quite a literal sense . 
  maths will allow us to derive true propositions regarding the world around us . 
  this was accepted by many for quite a long time until the logical positivists came along and decided that kant 's conclusions were inadequate and wanted to do away with the notion of synthetic a priori knowledge altogether . 
  essentially saying that all true propositions are either empirical truths derived deductively from experience , or analytic a priori logical statements such is `` if every a is b and every b is c , then every a is c '' . 
  this led to the foundation of formal logical languages that aimed to express the the a priori truth that is inherent in natural language in a less ambiguous fashion . 
  this in itself led to the basic tools of computing and progression is mathematics so certainly had a great value to society . 
  personally i find where it becomes really interesting is that nowadays logical positivism is widely accepted to have been a failure . 
  the simplest rebuttal i ever heard was that the proposition `` all proposition are either synthetic a posteriori or analytic a priori '' does not itself submit to the restrictions logical positivism places on true propositions , since this is neither a statement that can be derived empirically nor a necessary analytic a priori truth contained with in its concepts . 
  ultimately this problem is the starting point of a great deal of modern analytical philosophy . 
  to quote quine on the matter, 
   `` it is obvious that truth in general depends on both language and extralinguistic fact . 
  ... thus one is tempted to suppose in general that the truth of a statement is somehow analyzable into a linguistic component and a factual component . 
  given this supposition , it next seems reasonable that in some statements the factual component should be null ; and these are the analytic statements . 
  but , for all its a priori reasonableness , a boundary between analytic and synthetic statements simply has not been drawn . 
  that there is such a distinction to be drawn at all is an unempirical dogma of empiricists , a metaphysical article of faith '', 
  i will . 
  it 's a natural phenomena of accents to drift in certain phonetic directions within certain communities due to people in these areas collectively drifting towards a narrower range of sounds . 
  this is possible because people in these communities are communicating all the time , they can convalesce upon a certain point using a smaller range of sounds and still understand each other . 
  the directions accents go in is caused by some type of exaggeration effect , for example the presence of a minority bilingual group influence by the accent of a different language might start impacting upon the main language . 
  a clear example of this is an irish accent which is marked by gaelic features . 
  if communities are isolated these features becomes more and more exaggerated with time . 
  accents change so rapidly in fact you can see it within generations , what would be considered a well spoken british accent in my grandparents generation is markedly different from what well spoken brits of a younger generation sound like . 
  i found a good solution if you have workmen inside is to leave your house in a relatively messy state and do n't do your washing up . 
  those working guys might like making a mess in other people 's house but they 're pretty funny when it comes to cleanliness . 
  i agree , totally acceptable contraction of `` must not '', 
  for `` irregarding '' grammar you 're not really living up to your name , although it should be `` thy pale skin '' since `` thine '' comes only before a vowel !, 
  verily thou art graced with great powers in the masterful speech craft of pretend middle english . 
  good tidings unto thee my fellow . 
  kfc has really become terrible in recent years if you ask me . 
  the last time i went i ordered 2 pieces of chicken , they told me i could n't pay for this on my card since it did n't reach the three pound minimum . 
  i thought what the hell i 'll have three pieces of chicken instead . 
  so they added the cost of a single piece of chicken , to the two piece of chicken already on the till , meaning it cost more than 3 pieces of chicken should be . 
  when i explained this to the staff , and told him he needed to cancel the order and start again i was told in a condescending tone that the till does n't `` work like that '' and that i 'd have to pay separately if i wanted my chicken . 
  i felt very unbritish walking out in disgust . 
  this is wildly inaccurate nonsense , it would sound more like this :, 
  `` bruv i was so fucked last night ! '', 
  `` nice one mate , how many butterbeers did you down ? '', 
  `` well we pre-drank and i had like three of four , then we went to hogsmeade and i must 've had like ten or twelve there , then we came back and i had three or four more so that makes ... how much ? '', 
  `` ummmm ... '', 
  `` fuck i wish someone at this school had taught us maths . '', 
  sounds like complete bullshit if you ask me . 
  there 's definitely a class of internationally connected super rich who are often foreign nationals . 
  but for every one of them there 's plenty of successful building contractors , company owners , or law firm partners that whilst being accurately described as multi-millionaires are never going to afford property in mayfair . 
  then you 've got your highly paid professional classes that are comfortably off but will still have to work until retirement to maintain a opulent lifestyle and pay off the mortgage on their 4 bedroom detached in surrey as well as paying the school fees . 
  below that you 've got your impoverished middle classes who do job that would be considered professional but are n't paid so well , they could earn anything between 30k - 50k a year and find it does n't go so far in modern times . 
  below them you 've got people in ordinary sub-30k jobs which could be anything really . 
  politicians and lobbyists do n't even make sufficiently a significant part of the population to even register as a class , but if you ask me they 're the sons and daughters of the top two classes that have had the luxury of being able to chase political power and make connections after graduation , rather than having to sell themselves to the highest bidder like most people are pushed to do . 
  well i guess it 's not the staff members fault but kfc 's incompetent higher up 's who ca n't see a plausible reason why someone might have a change of heart at the till and do n't program their tills correctly around this possibility . 
  having done a fair few stints in retail myself i honestly do n't know how they are able to think this could ever work , if had to get a manager every time i voided an item i doubt i would 've lasted a week . 
  imagine saying something really embarrassing to a group of people you would n't want to say such things to , works for me . 
  err ? 
  before anyone moans you try writing a second language you 're pretty basic at and making it rhyme too !, 
  ghost town in the uk ? 
  do you realise we have just over 1/5th of the population of the usa in an area no larger than michigan ? 
  that 's highly unlikely in the uk , nobody produces meth here , it 's still a very niche drug , why make meth when there 's no shortage of smack and crack , meth really gained a foothold in countries with large rural areas where supply chains for imported drugs were weak , and with the uk being so small that 's never been a problem . 
  i dislike this fact about myself but i have little tolerance for the homeless here in the uk . 
  i 've had some experience with them and it was traumatising , we have a reasonable welfare support system and there are always options available . 
  i 'm not saying there are no victims but in many cases they 're in that situation because they 've stopped trying to live and are just robbing and begging for smack and alcohol . 
  i know someone who was raped by a homeless guy and it really made me see them in a different light as much as a generalisation as that may be . 
  i watch them walking around in designer jeans asking me for a quid every single time i walk past and selling their methadone scripts on the corner of my road . 
  they live this way because they can , and it saddens me that they do , but i do n't think supporting their lifestyle helps them at all . 
  i can see this happening if i went somewhere where they pronounce dew like do . 
  that 's not true frankly , it 's thrown around a lot but it 's certainly more offensive that `` dick '' , which is only borderline a swear word anyway . 
  `` cunt '' is certainly still a top tier swear word on par with `` fuck '' .
