  we 're not invoking article 50 until all uk nations are for it, 
  we 're invoking article 50, 
  we 're not invoking article 50 until we have certainty on what our position will be despite the eu firmly saying no deals until it 's invoked . 
  honestly , all of these are not possible . 
  none of it 's contradictory , it 's just impossible , scotland wants to stay in the eu , meanwhile much of england wants controlled borders . 
  5 is n't saying work out what we want , it means work out with certainty what 's going to transpire to some degree , and nobody knows that . 
  we could into negotiations saying we want a golden horse and part of belgium , but we wo n't get it . 
  we could go in saying we want norway plus and the eu turn around and say no . 
  i 'm english and anti-english . 
  the english are proving themselves increasingly backward and xenophobic . 
  they deserve to feel the consequences of their actions . 
  meanwhile , i 'd rather be somewhere else . 
  the brexiteers are the worst kind of reactionaries . 
  they 're not going to ever stop complaining now unless we actually immigration to the tens of thousands and only people with high skills , meaning a full brexit . 
  the likelihood of them actually getting this is so slim , so we could well be seeing the birth of populism . 
  if the brexiteers are left unsatisfied how long will it be until ukip or some other party start to feed of their ignorant anger . 
  they really are like spoilt children who refuse to acknowledge the uk actually has interests other than appeasing their xenophobic sentiment . 
  i literally read someone saying `` the uk can provide its own doctors/nurses/teachers , and british people will gladly take low skill jobs when wages rise due to a labour shortage '' . 
  they really do believe that farmers are going to start paying more than minimum wage to fruit pickers rather than simply close down their farms or at least move into areas of agriculture that can be highly automated . 
  their logic is often as simple as saying `` well , when i was a kid the uk did fine without immigrants , so the same can be true now '' , which totally fails to account for any changes in the world in the last 40 years . 
  the worst thing about this referendum is that we 've legitimised these people and their views , and now they 're not going away . 
  when i was very young i did n't realise the us was a different country . 
  i basically thought your country was defined by which language you spoke , and therefore everyone who spoke english was english . 
  if i saw american cartoons i just thought they were british but with unusual accents . 
  disliking your own country 's actions or the attitudes and mentality of many people in it is not self-hate . 
  if i were american i 'd feel the same away due to all the trump supporters and nra fanatics . 
  now i feel exactly the same way about the english and the brexiteers . 
  no they did n't . 
  they were trying to pass a law sharing the burden of people fleeing the middle east and north africa , but never did . 
  that is an utter load of shit . 
  bismarck 's comment was do with the fact that the uk did n't have a large standing land army , because it always relied on naval power . 
  your assessment is kinda stupid , for many points in history the uk was the number one military power in europe . 
  and was a great power for almost all the time stretching back centuries . 
  there is a reason why people talked about pax britannica , in the 19th century britain was by far the uncontested world superpower . 
   france did most of the fighting on the allied side in ww1, 
  this is patently false . 
   and if your answer is going to be `` who is ? '', 
  my answer would be that the united states ( founded in rebellion and opposition to the british empire ) has an incomparably better claim even allowing for the terrible things that it has done in vietnam and elsewhere . 
  and now it becomes clear that you 're a troll . 
  / r/badhistory and / r/shitamericanssay in one post . 
  no offence but you 're a fucking crank mate . 
  you 're saying :, 
  colonialism is nothing to be proud of ( never said it was ), 
  uk are the bad guys of history because they were the most colonial, 
  but they were n't very successful at war ( contradicts 2 ), 
  but america were the good guys of history ( despite being easily as colonial as britain ), 
  so the `` good guys of history '' ( a moronic concept to start with ) are america ? 
  instead of one of those countries that , you know , did n't have much colonial ambition ? 
  that 's fucked , the only reason you 'd say this is if you have some kind of agenda . 
   `` patently '' false even though they suffered as many casualties as the whole british empire ? 
  piss off . 
  ah yes , because this entails france did `` most of the fighting '' . 
  i think you need to look up what `` most of '' means . 
  it is patently false , and any historian will tell you so . 
   in ww2 germany were able to fend off nearly the entire british war effort with a few divisions in africa , which was little more than a sideshow to the real war against the soviet union . 
  citation needed . 
   so wrapping yourself in the union jack is okay , but comparing your country unfavourably to america is troll ? 
  ah yes , you must have read my post where i say `` wrapping yourself in the union jack is ok '' . 
  i 'm sorry , but anyone who first says the british empire was n't very successful militarily , then criticises the uk for its colonial legacy in the same breath , and then chooses america of all places to hold up as a `` good guy '' is clearly a fucking troll or a moron . 
  now why do n't you piss off as you so reasonably requested i do simply because i do n't agree with your nonsensical ramblings . 
  edit : oh and by the way we do n't have `` kindergartens '' in the uk . 
  maybe that will help you successfully pretend to be british on the internet in future . 
  it 's quite simple , we were the dominant culture and military power in the world for a long time , this made us very arrogant as a culture at some deeper level . 
  our whole history has been one of considering ourselves apart from the rest of world because of a 25 mile wide stretch of water that made us very difficult to invade and conquer past a certain point in history . 
  keep trolling you moron . 
  i personally think colonialism was an awful thing . 
  i in no sense think of it as the `` good old days '' ( this is a moronic projection of your own mind ) . 
  but to say that britain was n't the dominant world power for a long time is factually incorrect . 
  your post is contradictory and moronic . 
  i have no problem with people condemning the uk 's colonial legacy , that 's quite the right thing to do . 
  but to say `` colonialism '' is nothing to be proud of , and then say the uk 's military achievements are actually nothing to be proud of because they lost some wars , is inherently contradictory . 
  if colonialism is bad and nothing to be proud of , or the fact that the uk was n't as dominant as it believes it was is a good thing . 
  the fact that you 're saying colonialism is bad but then saying the uk did n't succeed as a military power is just your way on getting the backs up of nationalists and non-nationalists alike . 
  you 're simultaneously portraying the uk as colonial militaristic exploitative power , but then simultaneously trying to claim it was also weak and cowardly sub-par colonial militaristic exploitative power . 
  furthermore , your choice to bring the us just shows us clearly that you 're a troll with an agenda , and you 're just trying to get on everyone 's nerves by simultaneously bashing the uk 's colonial legacy , and diminishing its colonial success at the same time , while touting the usa of all places as the `` good guys '' . 
  go back to `` kindergarten '' you utter idiot . 
  a pro-brexit america loving anti-colonialism corbyn supporter . 
  guy 's a fruitloop through and through . 
   the gradual genocide of native americans carried out by ~ ~ british settlers ? ~ ~ americans ? 
  ftfy, 
  i did n't mean it was a bad thing to be a corbyn supporter , i 'm just mentioning it as a sign of what a wacky cranky political position this guy is espousing . 
  if you 're anti-colonialism and a corbyn support you 're probably reasonably left , if you 're pro-brexit on top of this you 're probably hard left ( and i must say that the pro-brexit hard left are the most unrealistic and delusional people , you might be anti-eu , but the reasons we 're leaving the eu are just going to push the country further to the right , it 's a not a step toward the ultimate failure capitalism as some far left folk and convincing themselves ) . 
  for someone like this to then hold up america as the good guys , with their equally horrific legacy of colonial exploitation and right wing politics , is just insanity , the guy must either be mad or a troll . 
  reading the guys post history and looking at his prose style , he seems like a total nut with a touch delusional grandeur . 
  well , thanks for showing your true colours , that you are nothing but some weird guy on the internet with a bizarre irrational hatred of the uk , and a boner for the us . 
  why you bother to try to conceal this behind a paper thin veil of moral rationalisation i do n't know . 
  i 'm sorry , did a british person call you a mean name when you were a kid , and did this define your adult personality in some perverse fashion ? 
  it does n't really matter , i 'm just glad your got all your vitriol out in the open for everyone to see . 
  i 'll also add that for someone who hates the uk you spent a disproportionate amount of time on / r/unitedkingdom, 
  the untruths start at the beginning and finish at the end . 
  no mate . 
  it 's a load of bollocks . 
  almost none of it is true , and what little truth is there is highly misrepresented . 
  for example , comparing the ideals outlined by the us founding fathers with the magna carta , a document hundreds of years older , is flagrantly intellectually dishonest . 
  honestly i think you are insane . 
  i recommend you go get yourself checked out because your post history is frankly alarming . 
  it smacks of psychosis or at very least mania . 
  you call other people sneering yet your posts are full of boasts about how intellectually superior you are and implying that other people are liars or intellectually incapable of understanding your reasoning . 
  reasoning that , in reality , probably only makes sense to yourself most likely because you 're suffering from apophenia . 
  you 're showing an irrational degree of hatred for the uk , i mean really what does the uk 's success in football have anything to do with anything here ?
