  the attunement for each new tier would require you to defeat the final boss of the previous tier . 
  the final tier of content at any time would be deliberately over tuned to make it nigh on impossible and would be systematically nerfed back to normal when the next tier was released to keep it interesting for the hardcore players . 
  people might think that this would suck for new players but those people have totally misunderstood the point of a hardcore mmo , it 's not about getting to the end it 's about the journey along the way . 
  ensuring that all content must be finished before progressing to the next level would 've kept the game meaningful . 
  the world would 've also have stayed meaningful . 
  no phasing , no flying mounts , no cross realm bullshit , just high pop severs and mergers for ones that were struggling . 
  it would be a complete singular universe that simply stretched on forever sequentially . 
  that would be an amazing game , none of this easy mode welfare bullshit . 
  to me it seemed like a lot of very sad people recluses , shut ins , people on disability benefits , and people with mental health issues . 
  i mean wow had some annoying fucks but at least there was some kind of over arching purpose to playing . 
  back in the day you would go somewhere like wpl and see players all over the place . 
  it 's easy to fly though any of the old content these days and see nobody except the occasional chinese farmer . 
  to be fair the most often it 's done to you the more able you 're able to handle it and less intense it feels . 
  i do n't get why is happening . 
  school is not the time to have this done to you . 
  shit can fuck you up for at least a day and a night . 
  you think the worst is over but it actually just all the adrenaline suppressing the pain . 
  you wake up the next day and it 's like you 've got the worst sun burn ever all over your face . 
  i 'd take a taser over the spray any day assuming it was just a quick jolt . 
   in the beforetimes you had very few options . 
  in the beforetimes we had real ale that was made using methods going back hundreds of years according to traditional methods . 
  also `` stronger '' did n't mean `` better '' , `` insanely hoppy/malty '' was n't a good thing , and the better was meant to be enjoyed by adults in the their local pub , not by 20 somethings in an edgy bar in a gentrified slum . 
  it was only in the us where you did n't have a proper beer culture and only mass produced lagers were available . 
  honestly , craft beer types like to judge others for their choice in drink but honestly to me most craft beers are just novelty beers that have got out of hand . 
  ideally you start your night with some real ale and then move onto some high quality german or czech pils when you want more volume . 
  this is how i 've done it since before `` craft beer '' was even a word , drinking beer with actual history behind it , and frankly that seems like pastures of plenty , not some silly boutique 8 % ipa that tastes like purified hops . 
  it 's incredibly annoying when craft beer fans start acting like they invented beer . 
  no you did n't . 
  in the us you compensated for a lack of beer culture , and that new culture is very much in its infancy in compared to historical european beer . 
  yeah well for me that 's a deal breaker . 
  personally i think wow would 've been a better game if it had stayed a singular linear contiguous world without previous content being made obsolete , sadly blizzard decided to completely pander to new players who did n't understand that the enjoyment comes from the accomplishment of difficult and long tasks , as well as build in forced obsolescence so everyone would have to rush out and buy the new expansion the moment it hit . 
  almost every quality of life change has been a negative imo . 
  the reality is that you 're playing a completely different game from the one i liked and wanted to play . 
  we wanted a semi-hardcore mmo with more polish than things like everquest . 
  now you 're playing an interactive immersive action experience in which the world serves at little else than a 3d drop down menu for various gameplay experiences . 
  an integral part of a hardcore mmo is that progression is linear and everyone has to go through the same experience to reach the same level . 
  scrubs may have complained that it was n't fair they could n't get to endgame quickly and jump in at the most competitive level , but they missed the point that the journey to the end is that actual game . 
  the gameplay does n't start when you hit max level and are raiding the latest tier , ironically that 's where the content ends . 
  if you had to kill every boss in vanilla before progressing to outland it would 've felt far more epic . 
  if you had to battle through 5 expansions to get to end game achieving that you 've been the more epic thing ever . 
  and you 'd still feel that connection to the world as meaningful we felt in vanilla because you would 've trodden every inch of it to get where you were . 
  it 's fine that you like that game , but it 's not the early crowd signed up for . 
  if i wanted to jump into the action quickly and run and gun i 'd play diablo or something . 
  still . 
  if you 've got to go to school the next day it 's going to be a fucking horrible morning . 
  if it 's not then you can wave your friday night and most your saturday goodbye as you 're going to be lying in a bath wishing your skin would stop burning . 
  to be fair you seem over invested in it if you feel that way . 
  let the newbs have their fun . 
  mountain biking ftw to be honest . 
  flying up and down bumpy dirt tracks is about 8000 times more exciting than what those road bikers could handle . 
  that said , i hate the douche bags who obsess over the accessories . 
  see that kid in jeans and a t-shirt ? 
  he 's have a lot more fun that you are sitting there with your designer shit and $ 600 helmet . 
  i 'm pretty sure if you go the roots of dance music you 'll lots of drugs though . 
  straight edge raving is still very much a minority thing . 
  damn catapulists always shitting on the trebuchet !, 
  or if it does have consciousness , maybe it suddenly becomes addicted to being more intelligent out of the sheer desire to ensure its continuity and ends up turning the whole solar system into a fine goo of nanites all functioning as its processor . 
  once i realised this i decided to make my whole life a placebo effect . 
  mind over matter my friend . 
  well if you are like me you do n't get sick often so when it 's legitimate it 's pretty dreadful . 
  whereas kids get sick every other month and just bounce back . 
  decades of immunity vs hyperactive immune system . 
  so it might be more accurate to say one forgets when one moves location . 
  annoy hither *, 
  for countries without id cards then it 's passport only though , so there 's a reason the person you 're responding to might think that . 
  many europeans seem to naively think the whole of europe is on board with the whole id thing . 
  cos-tyewms would be correct following english pronunciation models that stretch back to middle english . 
  `` yod-droppers '' , people who pronounce tube as `` toob '' and `` dune '' and `` doon '' are did n't really become prevalent in certain dialects until much later on . 
  or it 's about time britain woke up to the fact that it 's 2017 not 1969 and putting your faith in private institutions like newspapers to do the right thing is fucking moronic . 
  we 're a nation stuck in the assumptions in the past and it 's destroying us . 
  those people are just following the pattern of palatalisation that is common in many english words e.g social . 
  would be weird to say `` social '' as `` sok-ee-al '' or `` sos-ee-all '' , and they 've just extended this feature to `` groceries '' . 
  seems like way too much effort to get angry over english pronunciation . 
  most of the pronunciations you consider standard were at one time horrible aberrations . 
  at one time `` nation '' would 've properly been pronounced nayt-ee-on , and nay-shun would 've have enraged purists . 
  interestingly - r dropping used to be a very big feature in american dialects . 
  not only in the non-rhotic way that is common is britain and new england for example , but just straight up ignoring the - r completely . 
  local folks would call a horse a `` hoss '' , a course would be a `` coss '' for example ( this was also a feature of many working class british dialects in the 19th century ) . 
  when literacy became a thing most ordinary people aimed to achieve things suddenly changed as people became much more aware of the fact that they were ignoring a letter completely . 
  this is arguable part why rhoticism caught on in the us in such a big way , as rhotic speech might have seemed more logical and appealing to such folk as it marked the - r very distinctively . 
  it 's well known that the early settlers of america had rhotic accents because non-rhoticism had not yet gain traction in most english dialects at the time , but what 's underestimated is the millions of people who arrived later with non-rhotic accents but eventually through the generations acquired a rhotic manner of speaking . 
  the taboo around r dropping might have led people to take up rhotic accents to show off their education , whereas the british working classes were influenced by the british aristocracy who 'd evolved a more sophisticated form of non-rhotic speech and thus imitated that to seem higher on the social spectrum . 
  words that were considered in some sense taboo , like `` arse '' and `` curse '' were n't written down as often though , so fewer people realised there was an - r there , and that 's where you gets `` ass '' for buttocks , and `` cuss '' for curse . 
  coming back to your point , a possible reason why people in parts of the us who live in regions of the north eastern us that lie close to areas where the local speech is principally non-rhotic but do n't speak non-rhotically themselves say things like `` warsh '' and `` warter '' is through a process of overcompensation or hypercorrection that led to them putting - r 's where there were n't any because at some point they were collectively uncertain if the written form had an - r or not , and from there it became dialect . 
  yeah , the british treated their first empire well ( by the standards of the era at least ) , protected them from the french and indians despite the fact that the british colonies were clearly breaking agreements they 'd signed with the indian nations and otherwise being a nuisance , and look how it ended up , they revolted due to a 3 % tariff on tea imports ffs . 
  despite the fact that merely a decade ago the british had sent troops over from europe to sort out their problems . 
  they probably would 've given them representation too had it been remotely possible in the age of sail . 
  the british really learnt from their mistake though and made sure that other colonies were either loyal ( british canada , australia ) or so fucked they could n't take power by force ( ireland , india ) . 
  also remember scotland you chose to be with us , you 're not a colony , so no moaning xd, 
  we 're just biding our time while we work on our mecha army . 
  ww3 is going to be the british empire vs the japanese imperium with robots . 
  island nations ftw . 
  let 's face it , the british public have a punishment fetish . 
  they feel sympathetic towards the guy who 's trying to improve things and do the right thing , but what their deepest desires tell them is what they need is a stern right wing figure who 's going to berate them for not being good enough and take away even more of their social security . 
  it 's the british disease , we 're just a nation of masochists . 
  sick rig !, 
  you know dem dutch just jelly cos they were n't able to keep up with us as a naval power . 
  this ai n't germany mate . 
  turd burgler is a bit homophobic tbf, 
  stop speaking wrong you bloody yanks .
