  look at me , i 'm the the superpower now . 
  let 's take over half the planet . 
  what 's this ? 
  industrial revolution ? 
  let 's build trains and shit . 
  you know what else is cool ? 
  starving irish catholics !, 
  germans are looking pretty pissed off right now . 
  oh shit they 're crossing the rhine and heading for france . 
  let 's build a ditch and hold it for years . 
  well that was n't fun but at least we 've still got our empire . 
  oh , except for ireland . 
  god dammit the germans are back for round two . 
  let 's do this !, 
  good news , we won , bad news we 're broke . 
  empire 's fucked and we 're relying on the help of the bloody yanks . 
  you know what 's great ? 
  socialism !, 
  let 's look after each other !, 
  you know what sucks ? 
  socialism !, 
  every man for himself !, 
  you know what 's great ? 
  the european union !, 
  we love those french and german bastards !, 
  you know what sucks ? 
  the european union !, 
  we hate those french and german bastards !, 
  strong and stable . 
  really depends what it was for , but i would say sl/sl warlock and resto druid . 
  rogue was strong if played well . 
  disc priest was also a strong pvp healer . 
  mage was kinda limited insofar as it was only really strong when played well in certain combos with support and good cc / burst , however when in a good like rmp it was one of the powerful in terms of cc to damage ratio . 
  warrior could compete with good gear and a lot of healing but was pathetic in 1v1s . 
  hyrbids mostly sucked unless the player was very good , only exception was 5v5 . 
  hunters were mostly only good for clothy bursting but were generally lacking utility wise and got owned by rogues . 
  seemed like every scrub warlock or resto druid with more than 5 brain cells had 2200 rating back then . 
  if you look at the history of european trade the flow of goods from east to west , and west to east was very important . 
  a big reason why austria and germany were historically different countries is due to the fact that austria has east flowing rivers and germany has west flowing rivers . 
  goods could move to and from the middle east and turkey to austria , goods could move to and from germany through the netherlands and then onto western parts of europe . 
  historically this explains austria 's connection to the ottoman empire . 
  more like every country 's cheapest and worst beer . 
  carling in the uk is the shit people with no taste buy from the supermarket because they 've seen the adverts on the football . 
  oettinger in germany is what homeless people buy because it 's 39 cents for 500ml in many places . 
  the resistance in germany to the notion of dual citizenship is pure bs imo . 
  ca n't think of any good sources . 
  although if you look at the history of the [ rhine-maine-danube canal ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine%e2%80%93main%e2%80%93danube_canal ) it gives you an idea of how important they were . 
   projects for connecting the danube and rhine basins by canal have a long history . 
  in 793 , the emperor charlemagne ordered the construction of a canal -- the fossa carolina , or karlsgraben -- connecting the schw\u00e4bische rezat , a tributary of the rednitz , to the altm\u00fchl near treuchtlingen . 
  between 1836 and 1846 the ludwig canal , or ludwigskanal , named for king ludwig i of bavaria , was built between bamberg and kelheim . 
  [ cool photo ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/rhine%e2%80%93main%e2%80%93danube_canal#/media/file:europa_ludwigskanal_rhein_main_donau.png ), 
  the main-danube canal makes it possible for animals to spread from western to eastern europe or in the opposite direction . 
  these are so-called invasive species , which often cause difficulties in the ecosystem of their new home : competition with the species already living there , lack of predators , etc. 
  however , there is also the possibility that they will fit into the existing ecosystem and their introduction lead to an enrichment of the resident wildlife . 
  in order to maintain navigable water levels for the waterway in the main , regnitz , and rednitz valleys , water must be diverted via the altm\u00fchl\u00fcberleiter canal & tunnel from the upper altm\u00fchl to the brombachsee reservoirs , across the european watershed between the drainage basins of the danube and rhine . 
  yes i 'm well aware of german lokalpatriotismus and the tendency towards protectionist purchasing behaviour . 
  even funnier when you realise they only got the country by stealing it from the indians for the british , and then stealing it from the british . 
  mathematik or anglistik ? 
   looks like the quite time starts at 5pm for amplified sounds in a residential area . 
  what a stupid law . 
  could at least give people until 8pm or something . 
  babies sleep really irregular times so this could be used as an excuse at virtually any time . 
  my mentality is that if you wana work night shifts buy some ear plugs . 
  i 'm sure workmen are allowed to be loud during the day , so what difference does it make if people ca n't play loud music . 
  it 's the same in places like berlin with a thriving street culture . 
  entitled middle aged yuppies move to these areas and never stop bitching about it . 
  if you ca n't hack it , move ... 
  skip to [ 4:08 ] ( https://youtu.be/vt9dzhotnju?t=248 ) for things exploding . 
  that said . 
  i taught myself to be relatively proficient in another language . 
  it was n't one of the languages i 'd learnt in school , those were latin and french , but it taught tools that i used later to learn a language . 
  yeah pretty lame , needs to be funnier than that . 
  by calling it `` maths '' we 're carrying a legacy stemming back to ancient greek which used a plural form for a singular when talking about academic subjects . 
  also true of statistics = stats ( which can be plural or singular ) . 
  i know we do n't say `` econs '' but `` econ '' really is n't a word outside of university slang , and came a lot later . 
  just as how we say stat for statistics right ? 
  one thing we forget is how exposed we are to stuff as children . 
  do you remember much about being 3 - 8 ? 
  now how much do you remember between 20 - 25 , or the last five years if you 're younger than that . 
  hundreds of hours of television , exposure to language , teaching you how to speak , how to react in that language , what to expect from that language . 
  it 's a bigger deal that we tend to realise . 
  strategic for sure . 
  you 're actually helping labour much more by doing so . 
  stop culturally appropriating me !, 
  intelligibility is a scale not something that either is or is n't the case . 
  first question is whether we 're talking about the written or spoken form of the language , and if we 're talking about pronouncing words in their historical form or according to the phonetic patterns of modern english dialects . 
  if we just focus on the written form of the language . 
  most native english speakers have a hard time reading shakespeare even if they 're they 're adults , especially if they have n't previously been exposed to it . 
  despite that there is plenty that they do understand due it being the same as modern english or similar enough to get the message across . 
  what 's more is that most native speakers learn to understand a fair bit more with some practice and explanation . 
  middle english intelligibility starts to drop off faster . 
  but it 's still readable , and if you swapped all the words with their modern english cognates where possible understanding would be even easier . 
  early middle english you get a massive shift and it starts looking more like a foreign language as anyone who 's read chaucer 's original text will attest . 
  that said you can still get the gist . 
   i trowe men wolde deme it necligence ,, 
   if i foryete to tellen the dispence, 
   of theseus , that gooth so bisily, 
   to maken up the lystes roially ;, 
   i think men would deem it negligence ,, 
   if i forgot to tell of the expenditures ,,
