  does n't mean rp and ee are the same and it 's dangerous to conflate the two . 
  many people could be considered speaking a modern form of rp outside if the london area , but many of them would n't meet the criteria for ee . 
  he got it wrong in though . 
  in boston ar = aah and o = aw . 
  all the other americans say `` stahp !, 
  '' , it 's the bostonians who say `` stawp !, 
   green bathroom, 
  [ ca n't not post this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nwowhzq21ta ), 
  not often . 
  uncovered patios and fully `` indoor '' conservatories seem to be more common . 
  probably to do with the weather . 
  if it 's raining it 's probably too cold to be outside so you need the kind of insulation a conservatory brings to stay warm , this allows you to enjoy the light of being outside without actually going there . 
  otherwise if it 's sunny you do n't want to be under cover because that sun wo n't be oppressive like in more barbarous climes and you may as well make the fucking most of it by staying out of the shade , thus a patio , although parasol is optional . 
  back porches are principally for have a shady outdoor area in the burning sun or to protect you from hot weather downpours , situations that are n't very common in the uk . 
  apparently you 're just a [ tree german ] ( http://i.imgur.com/y3wbilb.png ), 
  my people are now taking their tea with milk and forming orderly queues at bus stops , i fear the rest of the world will soon succumb to your culture . 
  oh , i thought it was a reference all the dank trees you guys have haha . 
  how much trouble do you need to get into to be taken directly to a judge ? 
  this map makes little sense . 
  kentish ? 
  what the hell is that ? 
  everyone in kent speaks somewhere on the estuary spectrum or rp , there 's barely a remnant of the kentish accent never mind a real dialect worthy of division . 
  the division of the uk is pretty much arbitrary . 
  why would you differentiate all the generic accent areas of england and then just encompass the whole of the roi as hiberno-english , the cork accent is easily as different from the dublin one as yorkshire is from the east midlands , not to mention the fact that there 's more than one form of these regional variations . 
  trying to mark dialects on a language map was a very silly choice . 
  it would 've been better if it had simply shown languages and official minority languages . 
  now it 's wrought with inconsistencies , what makes cockney a dialect worthy of note while the leeds or leicester accent is not ? 
  what makes the rhotic speakers in the south west west midlands area have more in common with the people in stoke rather than the rhotic speakers in the west country ? 
  this could do with some work . 
  battery, 
  [ facebook first responders ] ( https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cwrkhaixaaa9mm9.jpg ), 
  do i look like i know what a jpeg is ? 
  what 's happening to the area around maastricht ? 
  people sick of the bloody kraut neighbours ? 
  as en englishmen ? 
  i was n't aware the dutch were so bad at spying . 
  try convincing an older italian into doing anything that 's not traditional . 
  because frankly who gives a fuck , it 's not meant to be taken seriously anyway . 
  if you wanted it to be it would be . 
  make it popular in the us and it will be . 
  you sound like a mainland european with an american accent . 
  would n't know where from though , could be german , scandi , italian , romanian , would n't know , would know that you were n't actually american immediately though . 
  you sound generically english but i 'd know you were n't english immediately i 'm afraid . 
  sounds like you glottal stop before words like accent , that word stuck out to me a lot , also when you say because it sounds like be curs to me . 
  i just think this is ironic when / r/worldnews is filled with racism against muslims , highly voted comments claiming europe is falling to sharia law , `` rapefugees '' , posts calling people who are n't anti-immigration cucks and so forth , yet this is what he gets banned over . 
  both / r/worldnews and / r/news are full of not so subtle racism every day of the week , seems like a double standard to me . 
  the thing is , you sound very american in this even if you are trying to sound casual , but i really doubt you 'd fool anyone into thinking you 're american . 
  that 's just the way it is with accents . 
  it 's hard enough for even native speakers to conceal the area in which they grew up , so naturally it 's even harder 2nd language speakers to convince people they 're natives even when they do speak very fluently and with an accent that is very similar to the locals . 
  it was a joke . 
  also most of the eastern border of the netherlands is rural . 
  maastricht is notorious for germans driving over to buy weed too :p, 
  do n't know why you 're bumping a 4 month old thread , but you 're also talking betty swollocks . 
  oed has always encouraged - ize especially for greek etymology roots . 
  oed has always accepted - ize as the primary spelling , with - ise as an alternative spelling , for words where it functions as a suffix with the general meaning of `` to make '' e.g dramatize , to make into drama . 
  the only exceptions are words with no latin/greek roots , e.g arise , demise , reprise . 
  some style guides historically suggested - ize for words with true greek etymology , but - ise for purely latinate words , but that 's contentious , since the latin suffix was also with a - z. 
  almost all british institutions accept both - ise and - ize as correct spellings . 
  british spell checks generally do not put a red line under - ise or - ize . 
  nevertheless , what i said was completely factual , all british people solely use - ise , virtually all british popular media uses the - ise spelling , the only exceptions being books and academic materials published under publishing houses that follow oeds recommendations . 
  the times even changed it 's policy is 1992 to no longer labour the - ize point because it had fallen so far out of common usage and oxford university even publishes its public relations material with - ise . 
  i hear venlo does pretty well off the nrw traffic , that 's where my mates go at least . 
  [ lol i just said that like 30 secs ago ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/mapporn/comments/4be3g4/population_change_in_the_netherlands_16_to_17/d197dij?context=3 ), 
  why do i sound like a brit haha ? 
  haha it 's ok , i 'm a briton , just a germanised one who lives in germany . 
  yeah this is really fucked up . 
  to be honest when there 's a large amount of contaminated heroin going around this is a really good idea , it actually has been proved to save lives , but now if anyone actually tried to start such initiative it would be completely suspected to be a scam . 
  this is just testament to how fucked up the american `` war on drugs '' is , especially the attitude in the more conservative states . 
  any police force who really thinks they 're doing good by trying to imprison drug users rather than at least dealers and suppliers needs to burn in hell frankly . 
   also , people that contracted aids as adults through their promiscuity did , and still do , deserve it . 
  wow , just wow , i ca n't believe how unbelievably ignorant you are . 
  you are one who needs to grow up . 
  i guess you must be one of those hard line conservative brain washed idiots with and ounce of empathy for anyone . 
  the product of some sick deeply conditioned need to blame all societies woes on the weakness of the individual . 
  for the love of god go educate yourself about the aids epidemic . 
  it was years before people even knew what caused it and that condoms were an adequate preventative . 
   it 's not hard to not do drugs . 
  it 's not hard to not drink . 
  i suppose if you grew up in abusive home with mental health issues it 's just as easy right ? 
  i guess according to you all drug users and alcoholics are there because of personal weakness . 
  ideas like this are truly sick . 
  your true motivation for thinking this is simply your deep desire to hate and raise yourself above others to glorify yourself , to tell yourself you at better than they because you were able to avoid these pitfalls , nothing else , you are truly an abhorrent person , far more harmful to society than a the `` low life scum '' you abhor . 
  and fyi virtually the entire academic community is in favour of treating addiction as an illness , virtually the entire academic community considers the war on drugs a complete failure that only propagates the cycle of crime and suffering , so i guess if i need to grow up so do the thousands of academics who agree with me . 
  as for your family member , you put him there , and the people like you , because of your sheer ignorance and unwillingness to address the matter , had it not been for people like you he would have never been put in the situation in the first place . 
  i hope you 're proud of yourself . 
  all you 're actually hearing is the difference in vowel positioning in the diphthong `` oh '' . 
  every accent places vowels in different locations in the mouth and with different mouth shape . 
  there is no official location for vowels , just general trends amongst speakers in different countries . 
  americans say `` oh '' with very little movement between the two vowels they make the sound with . 
  it starts at the back of the mouth with the mouth relatively closed but rounded and shifts further forward more closed and becomes unrounded . 
  australians tend to start unrounded in the middle of the mouth and move to a rounded position also in the middle but even more closed . 
  which is closer to the `` i '' sound , but very different , but that 's why your brain might interpret it so . 
  ultimately australians do n't use any more vowels saying `` hello '' than other nationalities of english speaker , it 's simply that your brain is n't used to hearing the final position of the diphthong used that way , so it 's interpreting as a separate sound . 
  if you learn the phonetic alphabet you 're basically fucked when it comes to accents . 
  you 'll find yourself listening to people and paying more attention to the minutiae of their accents that what they 're actually saying . 
  wow you 're just so grown up are n't you . 
  please just go away and i 'll leave you to your fascist values . 
  edit : oh and what 's oh so cute is reading your other comments , you do n't think there 's drug dealers in prisons . 
  i swear some maths questions for young childen are just double think . 
  they 're testing if you 'll give them the answer they 're looking for and not the correct one .
