  pissy operators , condescending ones , and ones that seem straight up incredulous . 
  i mean seriously , the job is pretty fucking straightforward , i 'm not saying it 's easy but the goal is pretty fucking clear . 
  i was going to say that geralt 's voice is one of the less appealing things about this . 
  to me it sounds completely out of place . 
  it 's a totally cool voice i get that , but it sounds like something that would be more fitting on a space faring badass than a fantasy character . 
  imo that voice would make a lot more sense in metal gear than on a guy who carries a fucking sword . 
  i really like the concept of eve , it 's genius . 
  it 's just a shame that the gameplay falls so heavily on the strategy side . 
  the gameplay style i can only describe as meticulous , designing your ship , learning combat manoeuvres . 
  ultimately i know i can never really play it because it does n't involve the kind of action i 'm looking for . 
  look at the galaxy , it 's basically a disk . 
  i think you can . 
  i 'm not saying that the combat should be easy , but i prefer games that have a different kind of difficulty . 
  games where i can rely on reaction speed and game sense to get an edge over the competition . 
  eve does have an element of this as it is real time combat after all , but it relies on strategic moves far more . 
  even controlling your ship feels more like telling a computer what you want your ship to do than actually manually flying the thing . 
  i hope one day there is an mmo of eve 's scale , with the same sandbox mechanics , that is more heavily weighted to action style gameplay , many have tried but i 'm certain none of accomplished it yet . 
  what makes me laugh is that these morons do n't seem to realise that europe is capable of remilitarisation . 
  the last thing the us government wants is the formation of an eu army since it would lessen the co-dependence of the us and eu giving the us less say in eu affairs , as well as raise tensions with countries like russia who already see any military action near their borders as a security risk . 
  the gdp of the eu is greater than that of the us , and the population far greater , were we so foolish as to match the us 's military spending we 'd be a military superpower too with army not only stronger but considerably larger . 
  obviously this would be a very bad thing to happen that would totally upset the status quo and have huge fallout on the international relations scene , but it 's not impossible . 
  do you know how ridiculous common french names , or names of french origin , are in the uk ? 
  nothing to do with huguenots , try normans . 
  when these things `` work '' it 's always for reasons completely unrelated to this freeman on the land shit . 
  for example if you 're just sitting in a car on private land , like a car park or something , and police starts asking you things , and you say only `` i am being detained or am i free to go ? 
  '' , then ultimately they 'll be annoyed with you for being so uncooperative but then they 'll move on , as there 's no evidence of crime and you have no legal obligation to talk to them . 
  similarly if you get stopped while driving , as long as you do the things you are legally obliged to do like hand over driving licence and insurance then you do n't need to answer any other questions like `` where are you going ? 
  '' , so it can seem to work here too . 
  even at the immigration stops , you do n't have to answer questions , but the police can detain you to find out your identity i believe . 
  so yes , not cooperating to with police and just saying `` am i being detained or am i free to go ? '', 
  can work to a degree . 
  all these idiots seem to misinterpret this shit so badly though . 
  for example , in one case the officer was attempting to search the car because he had decided he had reasonable suspicion . 
  the moment an officer concludes he has that then it does n't matter whether you consent , you 're going to be searched . 
  likewise if the officer asks you to get out the vehicle then he probably has some grounds for it . 
  you can ask if you have a choice , if they say no then by staying the car you are then impeding the police in their duty and they can break you out and arrest you if they want . 
  no complying with police requests can constitute impeding their duty , unless that request is unlawful itself , for example , they 're demanding to search you without having reasonable suspicion . 
  most of these idiots do n't seem to understand that just because you 're not being detained does n't mean that you 're free to go . 
  the police have the right to go about their business and if you impede them then you are breaking the law . 
  a lot of these nutters believe some really crazy shit though , stuff like the idea that virtually no laws affect you unless you consent to it , and that the government is invoking maritime law or treating you as a corporation so they can do what they do which is absurd . 
  that 's the only way to write that sound in english fyi . 
  it 's the closest english has . 
  dont be a dick, 
  funny how you think this is pretentious but then go around saying you visited milaaaahn , ate some paaaaahsta , with some steak filaay . 
  not they do n't really . 
  they got their own patois euro english thing going on . 
  this again . 
  someone call / r/badlinguistics, 
  how is it a thread about nitpicking ? 
  the person you were responding to being very helpful . 
  ay is very close to the pronunciation of word final - er in french , like i said it 's the closest sound english has , there is literally no way express this sound in english orthography because most dialects of english lack the actual sound completely . 
  it is the correct way to represent it to an english speaker ( even french phrase books do this ) . 
   and the only way to write how it 's mispronounced, 
  no it 's not . 
  you americans are still suffering from your want of a monarch , george iii was n't so crazy after all . 
  verschone still works in german . 
  although it means something closer to `` have mercy '' or `` spare me '' . 
  to be fair american accents sound like if you got a bunch of west country folk , irish and scots and left them on an island with a bunch of 2nd language english speakers who were dutch , german and french natives . 
  i think i speak for many british people when i say that most the accents americans dislike sound far nicer to us than the generic one you hear on tv most the time . 
  boston and most southern accents spring to mind , they have character , standard american newsreaders sound bland and nasally to me . 
  i think we can agree that new jersey sounds like strangling cats though . 
  stop expanding into palestine israel !, 
  wow , at first i thought it was just cultural differences but reading that thread makes me think nobody wants to ask her out because she 's such a stuck up bitch . 
  she 's suggesting that the irish way of things is inherently inferior or some bollocks , and that she `` wo n't be dating irish men '' as a consequence , sounds like they missed a bullet . 
  what research would that be ? 
  what do you even mean ? 
  if you mean that mainland europeans lean more towards american vocabulary then you 'd be right , but the similarity ends there . 
  euro-english is definitely a thing and it in no sense resembles american english phonetically or in its common phrasing . 
  merely tending to take whatever is easiest from popular dialects . 
  for example , in german `` lift '' is often preferred over `` elevator '' simply because it 's shorter . 
  it also includes repurposed words that would n't necessarily be understood by native speakers . 
  here are my sources [ 1 ] ( http://hrcak.srce.hr/index.php?show=clanak&amp;id_clanak_jezik=135148&amp;lang=en ) [ 2 ] ( http://www.economist.com/blogs/johnson/2011/09/euro-english ) [ 3 ] ( http://journals.cambridge.org/action/displayabstract?frompage=online&amp;aid=148793&amp;fileid=s0266078403002074 ), 
  him and jefferson got on like a house on fire . 
  nobody is going to get rid of the nhs . 
  the tories are just going to steathily privatise it until all their mates can make big money from it and all the jobs for ordinary people are gone . 
  if anything the tories would love to move to a european style bismarck system of public insurances , even if they had their way they would n't go full out murica style private insurance . 
  he 's talking about actual fountains that have drinking water , they are both functional and decorative . 
  why is it off if it 's a real accent . 
  it 's only off to people who do n't know southern accents . 
  i think the accent fits perfectly , it reinforces the idea that he comes from old fashioned southern aristocracy , people mired in the past with the roots of slavery and oppression . 
  exactly , it fits the character perfectly . 
  i went through a phase with neighbours , to be honest i preferred it to the british soaps , the british soaps are just a bit drama heavy and serious these days for my liking . 
  the australian ones were so dumb and light viewing you did n't need to keep up with them constantly . 
  the drama was so shallow and silly it was n't depressing like eastenders or whatever . 
  you said `` i 'm israel '' so i 'm talking to you as if you were israel . 
  yet he does it anyway , because he 's a badass . 
  let 's not over think this and imagine what a real politician would do . 
  it 's not about realism , it 's about showing how he southern guy who admires the old fashioned southern aristocracy with their pseudo-british fancy non-rhotic speech . 
  a man who claims to be for the people but really finds everything about ordinary folk contemptible . 
  bloody germans , heligoland rightful british clay . 
  you sound like a complete tit . 
  firstly , this is not about `` teaching it '' , this is about representing it to someone who does n't speak the language and does n't wish to speak the language . 
  the easiest way to do this is to explain that `` caf\u00e9 '' is pronounced like `` caf - ay '' , phrase books are not for language learners , they 're for people who do n't speak the language so they can quickly learn some basic phrases to get by on holiday . 
  secondly , what you 've just said about german schools is complete and utter shit for a number of reasons . 
  i 've worked in german schools , and they do not teach that - th and - z are the same . 
  this would n't even make sense to be honest since - z in german is pronounced like - ts in english , so if anything they 'd be saying it sounds like - s , which is the sound that sounds the same as the english - z. 
  germans do not replace - th with english - z frequently because they are taught it in school , they do it because it 's natural for humans to approximate sounds using the set of sounds they grew up using as a child . 
  it takes longer for people to learn new sounds in adulthood , and to differentiate them when they hear them . 
  in the same way that an englishman speaking german might pronounce `` dem '' as `` daym '' or `` demm '' , or a german might pronounce `` pub '' as `` poob '' . 
  when teaching french to english speakers the explanation is usually like this .
