  they were loath to see quantitative easing in the recession because it 's brought down interest rates , staunched lending and they 're desperate to see a return to ever rising house prices and high returns on their investments . 
  really we should be saying fuck you to this demographic and thinking about investing in our future . 
  to me things like education , youth unemployment , initiatives to get people out of poverty are a lot more important then whether someone 's already egregiously priced house is rising in value faster than inflation . 
  how do you think old brunswick feel . 
  the only thing they 're remembered for is giving hitler german citizenship . 
  you say that as a joke but if you look at the mechanics of capitalism throwing away perfectly good stuff is inevitable . 
  tonnes of perfectly good food is throw away everyday because if it 's given away it will reduce demand for what 's being sold . 
  there is n't really any way around that . 
  it has more people claiming to be irish than people in america too . 
  except europe is n't remotely homogeneous and we 've been interbreeding for millennia , somehow however it just does n't seem important to us that our great-great grandmother was french and our great-grandfather was irish . 
  americans are just acutely aware of the fact that unless they 're native then they 're not from here originally . 
  you are a pathetic apple fanboi and you started the jerk with your ... 
   most people would buy an iphone if they could afford it . 
  actually germany is a rich country and people have a lot of disposable income , apple just have n't had that much success here because the people do n't want their drm 'd up product . 
  americans do n't seem to understand that iphone is not seen as `` cool '' here . 
  in the usa every student has a sodding iphone because they 've successful promoted the idea that iphone is the phone to have and anything else is just a more imitation . 
  also apple is an american brand and therefore patriotism is a big factor . 
  in germany and europe to some extent this just is n't the case . 
  a high end samsung is just as prestigious as an iphone . 
  many people dislike iphones for being dumbed down and annoying . 
  just [ read this ] ( http://readwrite.com/2013/01/29/why-do-americans-hate-android-and-love-apple ) and please fuck off . 
  fuck off your pond scum . 
  i ca n't be arsed reading your long whingey response . 
  i think you 're just butthurt that some people choose android products over apple as a matter of preference nothing to do with what they can afford . 
  you 're a moron . 
  the point was n't that android is n't american , the point was the many of the manufacturers of hardware for the android os are n't american . 
  if you read my post thoroughly you 'll see nowhere did i say that android was n't american , i said ... 
   also apple is an american brand and therefore patriotism is a big factor, 
  referring to the hardware you muppet , hardware that just happens to be the only stuff that legally runs apple ios . 
  your point does n't even make sense anyway , for it to make sense i 'd have to be suggesting that people do n't buy certain oss because they 're american , when in fact i was suggesting americans prefer to buy american , an obvious fact . 
  europeans could n't care less which country produces their os or hardware , and will look at the hardware and/or os in and of itself . 
  jesus christ , are you not capable of remedial logic ? 
  many americans are keen to denigrate samsung and such as asian copycat manufacturers , whilst europeans do n't have blind patriotism towards the apple brand influencing their judgement . 
  your arguments are the ones that are retarded my friend , you have n't even responded to what i 've said . 
  it 's clear apple has a home turf bias in the us and you 're a fucking idiot if you dispute that . 
  i could n't give a shit that some people prefer apple , of course some people do . 
  what you ca n't stand however is that more people in most of europe , who have the money to buy apple , actually prefer to buy other non-american non-apple brands that run the android os . 
  it destroys your smug delusions about apple being an elite club for the technologically enlightened , a club that everyone wants to be a member of and thus the only reason people do n't join is because they 're too poor to be able to , an notion apple has so successfully marketed into the minds of their legions of fanbois in the english speaking world . 
  like i said before , fuck off . 
  we do n't have `` bros '' we have `` lads '', 
  people should realise that in many countries jaywalking is not a thing . 
  you 're meant to use your brain instead , which this woman obviously did n't . 
  what do you think [ this is ? 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h08tgjxnho4 ), 
  seems like a waste of money to me . 
  too much dank , ca n't handle it . 
   but it 's not a pleasurable area really , it 's like the skin on your eyelids . 
  yet they seem to think they 're really missing out on something . 
  care for a citation on that ? 
  i 'm pretty sure every part of the penis is an erogenous zone and that the foreskin does contain nerve ending . 
  you ca n't just make a wild assertion like that from your subjective experience . 
  furthermore the principle argument is n't that the foreskin is the primary pleasure zone , but rather that it protects the glans from desensitisation through rubbing against clothing and so forth , resulting in increased sensitivity . 
  whilst it may be a circlejerk to claim male circumcision is comparable to female genital mutilation and how reddit inevitably makes threads about the latter about the former , that does n't actually make male circumcision justifiable . 
  i 'm pretty sure male circumcision does reduce sexual pleasure , or at least sexual sensitivity , this being exactly why it was originally performed to prevent masturbation , as well as having no statistically significant gains to health and being an irreversible body modification performed on children without their consent . 
  that 's fucking retarded . 
  so if everyone in your society tattoos you would n't care about your right to decide whether you had a facial tattoo ? 
  furthermore circumcision will mark you as unusual in places other than the us and a number of countries where it 's done for religious reasons . 
  actually you 're wrong . 
  denmark if one of the few countries ( the nordic countries ) , where the circumcision of children is illegal . 
  so yes in a sense it is recognised as a mutilation there . 
  obviously when you are an adult you can decide for yourself but we also let adults get cock rings and so on . 
  it 's bullshit . 
  transmission rates are quite low anyway , in the single figures , even for high risk activities . 
  it makes very little difference if the disease spreads at 3 % rate or at a 1.5 % rate , especially when awareness , testing and use of protection can reduce the chances of someone being infected to a minuscule figure . 
  that 's not the same and you know it . 
  in many countries you are allowed to cross anywhere except the motorway , it 's up to you to decide whether it 's safe to cross at that particular time . 
  [ citation ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/history_of_male_circumcision#masturbation_concerns ), 
  only germany has jaywalking laws that i know of . 
  those are not jaywalking laws . 
  most countries in the eu do not have a real jaywalking laws , those near crossing areas and where there are barriers are exceptions . 
  most roads do not have crossings . 
  the concept of jaywalking simply is n't a thing in europe . 
  obviously you ca n't go where you want . 
  but on an ordinary road you can almost always cross where you want . 
  it 's really up to you to use your discretion . 
  what superiority would that be ? 
  come back in a few hundred year when you 've got on our level . 
  except when you get denied treatment because you filled in a form incorrectly . 
  no in the 17th century i would have you arrested for treason against the crown . 
  last time i was in london it was 4.20 a pint , just saying ... 
  i really do n't think a barman would laugh and ask you where you 're from for merely offering a tenner . 
  this has a air of / r/thathappened, 
  well preventing masturbation is why is became to be done is modern anglophone culture , and hygiene taboos were the reason it was done in ancient culture, 
  i do n't think anyone calls americans mutts except perhaps nazis ... 
  furthermore half the american euro-haters say europe is a pussified culture of liberals that will soon be out bred by muslims and under sharia law forming a caliphate . 
  the other half of american euro-haters seems to claim that europe is the most racist place in the world , homogeneously white caucasian , with far right parties like the golden dawn and the edl on the rise . 
  why do n't they make up their fucking minds ? 
  seems to me that american culture is strange because often people unite under a banner of american patriotism , shared modern culture like shopping and eating in the same places , knowing the same celebrities and watching the same television , yet every american wants to hyphenate their identity with irish - german - african - ( although curiously never british - nowadays ) despite not having much connection with their place of origin , calling it st patty 's days etc. 
  the world 's soon to be newest country = scotland . 
  did n't he hear about the referendum results, 
  traffic jams = immigrants, 
  apparently something that nigel farage said , because we 're all hanging on every word of the ukip ex-leader ... 
   cons for public transit : tory cuts, 
  because naturally you have a working knowledge of the public ** transport ** system in the uk before while under a labour government . 
   seats of our pants ( lol ), 
  lol ? 
  what precisely is lol ? 
  this is very cringeworthy . 
  you know that new guy who wants to hang around your circle of friends and tries hard to join in the in-jokes but fucks it up completely and ends up looking like a tool . 
  that 's this guy .
