  [ k ] ( http://media.digitalphotogallery.com/fxyrcnkrfzfa/images/2719d208-f648-11e0-b1b4-fefd616b8533/plan_b03_website_image_sgjv_standard.jpg?20120229144928 ) . 
  never heard the morning after pill called `` plan b '' in my life . 
  nice work !, 
  i may just fucking well do that !, 
  nope . 
  american nationalism is prevalent across reddit , the wider internet and in america generally . 
  that sub is just a consequent of this troubling phenomena . 
  nothing to do with jokes nor liking one 's country . 
  truth is many of your compatriots believe wholeheartedly that america is special , superior , particularly interesting relative to other countries , culturally more dynamic , politically better off , militarily superior ( in any sense other than merely spending the most on arms ) , a world leader in any sense and so forth . 
  to go back to the previous comment you call it a joke but it 's simply not , you literally believe the world copies america which is downright hilarious . 
  it 's not a joke , it 's not funny in any sense , it 's a display of nationalistic delusion under the guise of a joke , much like that thread on gifs yesterday about america planting flags on every planet . 
  it 's nothing more than a nationalistic circlejerk like the above comment . 
  many of your compatriots also believe a nigh on comical revisionist version of history and have total ignorance regarding the rest of the world . 
  i find that fact that you like your country worrying , since were i unfortunate to be born in the us i would actively despise it . 
  best of luck to you in one day discovering the reality of the situation . 
  no that 's not how it works . 
  i 'm not espousing any one country over and above others , although i 'd gladly espouse any number of countries over the us . 
  i do n't even particularly like my own country with its many failings , nor do i live there . 
  however the us lets the entire developed world down when it comes to ethical behaviour , whether that be welfare , human rights , foreign policy , militaristic aggression , treatment of ethnic groups , healthcare , education , religious impartiality in law , poverty , the environment and wealth distribution , the list goes on . 
  yet all this would be forgiveable if the average american was realistic and understanding of their nation 's flaws . 
  yet the other 40 % of reddit that is n't american has to put up with daily nationalistic circlejerks under the guise of `` jokes '' . 
  and yes , opinions can be wrong , you are not entitled to believe what you like , another irritating notion that seems to have pervaded the us , as if the democratic principle could be applied outside the political into the realms of the factual . 
  glad to see stolz der nation is doing well . 
  let 's just clear up a few things . 
  america related posts do not annoy me . 
  if people want to post about the superbowl on reddit , more power to them although i do not have the slightest bit of interest in that principally american sport . 
  now regarding your opinion . 
  opinions only come into play when something is not known as a fact . 
  i am not entitled to the opinion that the world is flat , it does n't matter how much i believe in it , it does n't matter how much i feel it in my heart or how strongly i fight for my belief . 
  it is wrong , and that 's how it it is . 
  even if we put it to the vote and vast majority of people believe the same as i , it 's still wrong . 
  now , what goes on within other countries * is * of significance to people not living in those countries . 
  the very existence of those ideologies that support things like the illegality of homosexual marriage , like the rejection of worker 's unions , like the absence of a minimum wage , and so on and so forth , lends credence to those ideological positions , especially when it is n't north korea but what is supposed to be a developed nation . 
  when communism was more of a reality ( not what china calls communism today ) far more credence was given to those principles ideologically , and was n't until the fall of the ussr that the type of communism the ussr embodied began to be seen more as a failure than as an alternative . 
  so it is important to everyone in the world that many americans ( not all ) stop with their support for immoral profit driven ideologies and join the rest of the developed world in bringing about a fairer more ethical society within the western world . 
  now i , like you , should someone from a uganda call their country the greatest in the world and so forth , would laugh and find their delusions nothing but comical . 
  however , in the us it 's the very holding of these beliefs that allows the aforementioned immoral ideology to continue to exist . 
  without the nationalistic segments of the society , america would not be able to so readily ignore their ideological and political distance from other developed countries , and would more readily hold themselves to the ethical standards that other nations do . 
  consequently it is not merely funny that these nationalists exist , it 's actually downright harmful , since it prolongs the existence of certain ideological positions . 
  america is a big country in a population sense ( the joke is more referring to the notion europeans ca n't comprehend the geographical size of the us , as if they were driving from lisbon to warsaw in a few hours ) , and when a significant segment of the so called developed world remains 50 years behind in their ideological understandings , it 's bad for everyone who lives in the western world . 
  i 'll add that , yes , nationalists in my own country , as well as those in influential countries other than my own , annoy me greatly . 
  i 'll also add that nationalism is inherently dangerous as history has proven time and time again , and i am of the belief that if humanity is to progress peacefully than notions of national sovereignty and difference must be diminished if not done away with altogether , not very realistic when we still have people espousing the superiority of their nation above all others . 
  nope , you 're none of those things ( most of the world dislikes you ) , and western europe is overall far less nationalistic than the us , although i still despise european nationalism , especially the fascist nationalist minorities . 
  i 've lived in a number of european countries in my life . 
  keep telling yourself that ... 
  what does it matter where i 'm from originally . 
  none of the countries i 've lived in are perfect . 
  they all have loads of failings and i 'll readily admit that . 
  free katanas , fedoras , and anime for all !, 
  i do n't condemn americans on where there from , i condemn many of them on the political and ideological opinions , but many i think are brilliant . 
  i think america as a whole has a problem with nationalism , but i do n't generalise that to all americans . 
  many americans agree with me regarding the state of their nation , the trouble is their voice is too small in the face of the uneducated nationalistic masses . 
  germany has its problems with die patriotische europ\u00e4er gegen die islamisierung des abendlandes , france has its problems with le front national , the u.k has ukip and britain first , nobody is perfect . 
  oh i 'm sorry i do n't respect the opinions of bigots fighting against gay rights and trying to return the world to a 1950s level of political simplicity . 
  they do n't deserve their opinions , well they certainly do n't deserve their opinions listened to . 
  if you/they want to punch me in the face bring it on . 
  it was actually to do with the original comment about how if the us does something then naturally everyone copies , naturally . 
  since the world is so dying to emulate america . 
  let me break it down for you . 
  america is one of the most right wing , unethically capitalist developed nations in the world . 
  in fact it is the only country where legitimate left wing political ideology has no real credence . 
  people who are trying to bring america more in line with the rest of the developed world politically , suffer constant opposition , not from wealthy capitalists and property owners as they do in other countries , but from the impoverished working classes . 
  america has uneducated nationalistic masses because it is the only country wherein the poorest people on the spectrum actively fight against the political ideological that aims to benefit them , in favour of the rights of a class of wealthy millionaires whom they have virtually no chance of ever joining . 
  this is the product of nationalist indoctrination and poor education since it 's completely against the interests of these people . 
  they would rather `` keep america great '' , building skyscrapers and funding an over bloated military-industrial complex than see their children and elderly provided for . 
  these are not the acts of rational human beings , but of the indoctrinated . 
  consequently it 's fair to say america has a massive problem with nationalism and poor education is it not ? 
  the right also plays upon religious notions to support itself . 
  in fact the us is the only wealthy country where issues like gay marriage actually make a significant difference to politics , which is embarrassing . 
  seriously , for someone called mature discussion you do n't seem to be living up to the name . 
  you need to realise this is not a joke . 
  unless the world can create a functional harmonious and fair international society within the next 100 years the human race may as well call it a day right now , and you know what america 's selfish capitalism , egregiously unethical behaviour , nationalistic politics are a massive barrier to that . 
  i personally want my grandchildren to not be living in a dystopian world of haves and have nots with the environment ruined because someone preferred shouting `` usa is # 1 '' and `` damn commies '' to dealing with reality . 
  yeah nice , i guess you do n't believe in climate change or population growth either . 
  those damn conspiracy theorists at all the world 's leading universities . 
  naturally most americans trust good old boys to people with phds right ? 
  never said anything about all americans . 
  some of those universities are in america . 
  but you seem to not give a shit about issues like the widening wealth divide , the climate and so forth , because you seem to think that i 'm a conspiracy theorist for thinking that if america 's reign of unethical right wing capitalist politics is allowed to continue it wo n't make these issues significantly worse . 
  yeah cool . 
  neither france nor germany are anywhere near as bad as america when it comes to the support of right wing and anti-scientific ideology as a legitimate mode of belief . 
  the republicans are an abomination . 
  ideas that are n't taken seriously in any other developed countries in the world are taken seriously in america . 
  i 'm not the grand political arbiter , but i 'll you what , the political systems i support have a hell of a lot more understanding of how to fix shit than any of your american political parties do , beholden to lobbyists and so forth . 
  i know plenty about the american political system , more than most americans i 'd wager , and you know what ? 
  it disgusts me . 
  he 's right , waterboarding is ten a penny down my street , i got waterboarded last week for not saying thank you when i received my weekly beating from the stazi, 
  good video , but i seriously suggest you begin researching the issues and you 'll see that the situation is fast becoming unresolvable . 
  i 'm mad at americans because i 'm mostly talking to americans . 
  if i were talking with brits i 'd mad at them . 
  if russians them and so forth . 
  but you ca n't deny america is one of the worst culprits . 
  it 's not hate , it 's humour , this is n't / r/greatapes , nobody on there promoting hate for everyone in the us , if you actually speak to people on there you 'll find they hold very reasonable positions . 
  it 's just a place to highlight the deluded and extreme american nationalists that appear on reddit from time to time . 
  have a serious look at the sub , the posts are all ridiculous things said by idiots , nobody is hating on normal americans . 
  most of the world does n't live in the us . 
  actually there 's tonnes of americans on that subreddit , some of the largest contributors . 
  there is no scientific racism on there at all , nobody is claiming americans are inferior genetically . 
  it 's completely different from a racist subreddit . 
  the people on there may not approve of america politically but they do n't hate all american people .
