  in northampton they say pass and parse the same , whereas in rugby grass rhymes with ass and look and luck are often pronounced the same . 
  yeah is did n't mean specifically the two together, 
  i do n't think the uk is particularly `` tough on crime '' and i 'm quite glad about that . 
  countries that have a `` tough on crime '' attitude often have a shitty attitude towards morality in general . 
  look at the us , people go to prison for long stretches for shit that 's really not that bad but nobody gives a shit because `` laws are laws '' , regardless of how arbitrary or unjust . 
  the uk could do with more consistent punishments though . 
  from what i know of the australian legal system it treats people like morons and you have rules for bloody everything ( at least that 's what i 've heard ) . 
  i think more energy should be spent treating the root causes of crime and rehabilitation than doling out harsh penalties to the guilty . 
  can someone explain to me exactly why the tsa security in the us is so bad ? 
  i 've heard of people waiting hours , even missing their flights because of the tsa . 
  however , the only difference i can see between the security in the uk ( and other eu countries like germany ) and us security is that is that the tsa seem to make you take your shoes off sometimes . 
  afaik otherwise the process is the same , you remove all metal objects like jewellery , clothes that have metal on them like belts , and personal effects like wallet and phone etc. 
  then you dump them all in a tray , then you take your laptop out your hand luggage and put that in a tray , finally you put your hand luggage along with any exterior items of clothing like jackets and put that in a tray ( some places allow you to double up with trays while others insist on separate trays but that just seems to be airport preference ) . 
  then you walk through the scanner , sometimes you have to stop and it spins around you to get a 3d image . 
  if it goes off then you step aside and they go over you with a metal detector to try to find the metal . 
  that 's about it . 
  i fly internationally around the eu very frequently and the security has never once been much of a problem . 
  the worst that 's ever happened to me is that i 've travelled at the same time a bunch of big package holiday groups were flying out , and the queue was about 20 minutes so it took all of 30 minutes to get through security . 
  what exactly makes the tsa different from other nation 's security protocols ? 
  and if it 's not different then why are the tsa so notorious and why are the wait times so long ? 
  i just do n't get it , are there additional steps in the us that i do n't know about that make it take longer . 
  i have n't been to the us post 9/11 so i do n't know what 's changed . 
   every street sign , mile marker , map , scale , cookbook , blueprint , program/database , piece of hardware , odometer/speedometer , etc , etc , would have to be converted over in essentially one fell swoop . 
  would it ? 
  why not use the uk method . 
  use metric officially but leave everything non-crucial in imperial . 
  hell , even the road signs are still in miles in the uk . 
  then just teach kids primarily in metric in schools , and only teach imperial in the context of conversion . 
  it 's really not that bad and most people have a decent understanding of both . 
  then slowly as time passes more things gradually become metric . 
  for example , my grandparents would only use imperial . 
  it was all fahrenheit and fluid ounces and yards . 
  nowadays people use a combination , and the younger you are the more metric you use . 
  ironically most people i know weigh human bodies in feet and inches , human weight in stones and pounds ( stones not even being used in the us ) . 
  however , they follow recipes in grams , and measure the height of buildings in metres . 
  ca n't be the classy old wife beater . 
  that said i 'd take a stella over a carling any day . 
  here 's a crazy fact . 
  super tennents is quite trendy with young yuppie types in italy , but in the uk it 's considered tramp juice . 
  somebody 's jealous !, 
  we 're just not used to that mentality in the uk . 
  we are allowed to get out our cars when the police stop us , the police are almost never fearing for their lives during their interactions with the public . 
  there 's none of this fear of sudden movements . 
  it 's just so unusual for there to be situation like it , it 's not surprising the kid did n't behave rationally . 
  in some places they 're actually fairly price and even licensed . 
  for example , in munich you do n't pay much more per minute than you would for a taxi , however it 's obviously a lot slower so always ends up more expensive . 
  found the american . 
  here comes the circle jerk . 
  funny , because nowhere within a thousand of miles of here accepts dollars . 
  i did n't like it until i watched in german , then it was hilarious . 
  maybe that 's because the german language makes it sound so much more serious and literal which in turn makes it even more ridiculous . 
  so much edge . 
  we get it , it 's not your cup of tea . 
  if you had more than three brain cells you 'd realise that `` i do n't like it '' does n't = shit . 
  people who use `` backpack '' are the `` watches too much american tv '' nerds where i 'm from . 
  all the socially inept people identify with us culture , i wonder why ? 
  this guy has free healthcare . 
  i feel like coke 's been going strong with late 20s - early 40s crowd for forever , at least here in the uk . 
  it 's the grown up drug . 
  you need decent disposable income to do it regularly . 
  you can snort it after work and still get up and function the next day unlike mdma or hallucinogens , it does n't make you appear juvenile or lazy like weed , and it does n't have the junkie stigma attached to it like heroin , and it pairs well with alcohol which is obviously the world 's favourite drug . 
  speed ( amphetamine not meth ) , has a dirty , poor student kind of rep here . 
  another thing is that a lot of girls like it , so guys use it to convince girls they meet in nightclubs to come home with them . 
  i mean seriously . 
  half the jobs i 've done in my life were full of coke heads . 
  the construction industry was , most those guys were skilled workers getting paid overtime and working 6 days a week , it was no big deal for them to buy an 8 ball on saturday night and blow through # 250 ( # 150 coke + $ 100 drinks and club entry ) in a night . 
  also the restaurant business was fucking rife with it . 
  most of those guys would be pulling split shifts ( 12 hours work with a 3 hour rest in the middle ) , they 'd be doing lines towards the end of the shift just to keep themselves going , and then again so they could hit the pubs for a few beers at the end of each night . 
  i suppose this does n't quite equate with it being cool . 
  certainly in the 90s the cool group was way more into pills and mdma raving the weekend away , but still , coke has to be the easiest to find and most widespread drug ever ( even easier than weed since there 's more money to be made off it ) . 
  hell , scotland is # 1 in the world for it 's use if you do n't include he rest of the uk and england and wales come in at a respectable # 5 ( usa is # 2 ) . 
  it 's because people naively believed back then that the good grade kids went on to boring soulless office work , whereas all the cool drop outs went on to have fantastically interesting lives as artists , musicians , entrepreneurs , djs , actors , and creatives . 
  now people realise the reality that most of those drop outs go on to be broke ugly 40 year olds with mountains of debt picking through the discounted goods at the supermarket for a tin of out of date chick peas to make soup with , alone in their 1 bedroom flat with nothing but a bottle of off-brand rum and the television for company . 
  now we realise it 's still cooler to be an accountant on a good salary who can afford a decent quality of life than a broke ageing person who 's had their youth pass them by with nothing to show for it . 
  i guess it was just the economic prosperity and optimism of the era that lead us to believe we could all make it without playing by the rules . 
  rollerblading is coming back man . 
  join us over on / r/rollerblading if you dare . 
  i do n't know how you could think that . 
  the 90s was literally the peak in dance music 's popularity . 
  the 90s were back when places like ibiza were paying top name djs 6 figures just to fly out and play a set . 
  i think the us was the only country in the entire world where dance music was n't just insanely popular throughout the 90s . 
  maybe it was because the us was big on hip hop , or maybe it was just a bit too european for them ( despite house starting in the us ) , and the us just was n't ready for that back then . 
  it was n't until the early 2000s that the dance bubble burst due to over commercialisation and an ageing demographic of fans who no longer sold the lifestyle to the newer generation coming through . 
  in the 2000s everything went underground and urban , and the legends like fatboy slim , carl cox , or whoever became `` dad music '' . 
  much of the edm we hear today is only around still because of that underground period , that lead to the development of more aggressive styles like dubstep . 
  woah , no need to be that way . 
  frankly i do n't like it at all to be honest . 
  have n't done it in a long time and personally i think it 's the biggest waste of money out there . 
  it 's overpriced , and unless you 're already drunk it just makes you feel anxious and as if you need a shit . 
  i only wanted to point out that it 's popularity never went away . 
  cocaine is literally the workhouse of the drugs economy , used by everyone from teenagers and the dregs of society up to bankers and legal professionals . 
  it 's not like it ever `` died out '' , but i agree it lost it 's some its mystique . 
  yeah totally , it went from a rich man 's play thing to something every tom , dick , and harry was shovelling up their nose . 
  same in the uk . 
  no all the kids have what would 've been considered straight edge haircuts ( shaving the side and leaving some length on top without a fade is n't `` rebellious '' , in fact a hair cut like that when i was a kid would 've got you accused of having your hair cut by your mum ) . 
  still see a lot of young kids smoking in europe . 
  using the internet . 
  back when i was a kid if you expressed being interested in the internet for anything but helping you with homework or maybe the occasional flash game it was a major social faux pas . 
  i remember the heavy smog of awkwardness that would creep into the room if someone spoke positively about `` surfing the web '' or even worse `` talking to another human being online '' . 
  the idea of interacting with someone online who you had n't met in real life used to be an alarm bell telling you someone was weird or a creep .
