  the very notion that a question as complicated as what makes us who we are as people can be answered with a quick google search makes me truly lose all faith in the future of the human race . 
  if anything the message of that game was that connor just replaces one exploitative uncaring group of despots with another , he did n't even save his people 's village . 
  actually they 're a massive money spinner for tourism and in foreign land holdings , but thanks for caring anyway . 
  our [ carrier was christened today ] ( http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-28146412 ) take that you yankee swine !, 
  oh sod off wo n't you ? 
  what 's america 's number one attraction ? 
  some statue given to you by the french ? 
  it 's not a question of what she 's done it 's a question of what she represents , she spends her whole life cut off from the rest of humanity performing duties to maintain a one thousand year old tradition . 
  nobody is claiming she 's cured cancer , but she does her bit . 
  there 's no reason why it could n't be both legal and still an offense to smoke in a public place . 
  you just stole this idea [ from us ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=utduy7qkvk8 ), 
  lies it was lucius dumbledore, 
  to fair australia is basically just what happens when you leave britons in the sun too long . 
  my best friend from childhood turned out to be quite an arsehole . 
  it 's really hard to put your finger on why . 
  he was n't very popular at school even though he tried really hard to be , too hard to be honest , and i think it made him quite resentful of the old crowd because he was n't included to the same extent . 
  he 's one of those guys who tries to be really hard to be the cool guy , naturally this makes him seem a bit of a dick , and his sense of what is cool is that of a slightly nerdy 10 year old , he buys stuff like 50 inch tvs and 3 grand speakers and then shows off about it as if anyone really cared that he owns all the tarintino films on bluray . 
  his parents really spoil him and involve themselves in his life too much and he 's really over dependent on them . 
  they bought him a mini-ramp and got a swimming pool as a teenager just to try and make him more popular . 
  whenever you 're around him these days it has to be on his terms , doing what he wants , usually in his house , he only wants to be around he can present him as this really cool guy to and hates not being the centre of things . 
  guy does my nut in but i guess there 's worse people . 
  both my brother and my dad were changed from left to right in childhood . 
  my dad because at the time in his strict religious school they thought being left handed was worrying deviant , my brother because my dad interalised these ideas and tried to convince him to change at a young age . 
  now both weirdly do different things with different hands . 
  well i thought it was a funny reply , 
  sometimes , whiney ? 
  no way , whining is exclusively done in a thick nasal american accent , brits may whinge but they never whine . 
  that guy totally failed at raising british ire , but your use of `` could care less '' [ is far more effective . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=om7o0mfkmpw ), 
  he should n't look straight at london imo . 
  flights to berlin from birmingham with both lufthansa and sas every day . 
  a true scotsman would drink iron bru !, 
  what hast thou just spake of me , ye scurvy dog ? 
  know this , knave , i am the best sword in all the fleets of sir francis drake , and i hath partaken in numerous raids ` pon the ports of spain and hath carried off over three hundred doubloons !, 
  i am trained in musket warfare and be the best shot in the militias of his majesty !, 
  thou art nothing to me but another target . 
  i shalle strike thee down with all the furies of the heavens above and hells below , of a kind not yet seen upon this earth . 
  thou thinkst that ye can me slander , and abet ye naught of consequence ? 
  thou art mistaken . 
  for as we speak , i am contacting my spies and friends cross ' t the breadth of old england to locate thee , so thou best prepare for mine storm , ye cowardly poltroon . 
  a divine storm that shalt wipe out thy pathetic existence . 
  thou art but food for mine dogs , for i canst be anwhere at any time , and i canst kill thee in over seven hundred ways with naught but mine sword and buckler . 
  nay , not only am i extensively trained in the arts of unarmed combat , but i hath access to the entire arsenals of his majesty 's militias as well . 
  i shalt use it to its full extent to wipe thy miserable body off the face of our lord 's earth , ye dog . 
  alas , if only had thou knownst what unholy retribution thy libels were to bring down upon thee , mayhaps wouldst thou kept silent . 
  but thou hast not , and now shalt thou the price pay , ye godforsaken dogsbody . 
  i shalt excrete fury down from the heavens ` pon thee , and thou shalt drown in it . 
  confess , and prepare to meet thy maker , sirrah . 
  like [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mbrp-o6q85s ), 
  i like pr\u00e9sident , i wonder what that says about me , despite its being cheaper than lurpak . 
  what the say did you just say fuck me about , you bitching a little ? 
  i 'll have you graduate i know top of my seals in the navy classes , and i 've been raided in numerous al quaeda secret involvements , and i have killed over 300 confirmations . 
  i am a trained gorilla . 
  in warfare , i 'm the sniper arm in the entire us force tops . 
  you are targeting me but i 'm just another nothing . 
  i will fuck you with precision the wipes which has never been liked before on this scene . 
  earth , fuck my marking words . 
  you can get away with thinking that shit over me to the internet ? 
  fuck again , thinker . 
  as we spy i am networking my secret speaking across the trace and your ip is being prepared right now so you better storm the maggots . 
  the wipes that storms out of the little pathetic thing . 
  life you call yours ? 
  your fucking dead kids . 
  i can be any time . 
  i can weigh you in over seven hundred kills , and that 's my bear hands . 
  not only am i extensively accessed by trains , but i have no arms for combatting the entire arsenal united states , and i will use it to wipe your miserable ass . 
  you shit the faceoff of the continent . 
  if you only could have commented what unholy cleverness your little `` retribution '' was about . 
  to bring down upon you , maybe you would have fucked your tongue . 
  but you would n't , you should n't , and now you 're holding the pay , you goddamn idiot . 
  i will drown in shit fury . 
  sincerely , your dead fucking kiddo . 
  imo it was a lot to do with america 's sense of invulnerability being disturbed . 
  other countries would have still been massively affected but not quite to same level . 
  i think it also had a lot to do with the whole thing being so widely televised and lasting over a long period of time . 
  usually when a bomb goes off or whatever you only see the wreckage and people saying how awful it was , in this case you saw all day coverage with people jumping out windows and then the buildings collapse , it was pretty shocking stuff even compared to a situation where a bomb killed 5000 people in a normal way . 
  poor costa rica , such dutch courage, 
  my advice is go to university , after a week go into the the administrative offices and say you 've had a realisation that law is n't for you and that you 're unhappy with it , transfer to something else . 
  that 's if you do n't want to work in law , you can probably still work in law in america with british law , just not american law . 
  girl finishes school at 18 , few days after she 's left is in a serious relationship with a teacher . 
  nobody can prove anything went on before she left so the teacher ca n't get in trouble for it but loses everyone 's respect . 
  also a well respected teacher suddenly divorces husband and is in a relationship with one of the student 's mothers , very much a surprise lesbian . 
  one teacher got fired for hitting a student . 
  pretty tame really . 
  steelseries - headphone jacks on headphones snapped from wear and tear , mouse clicks three times when i click once unless i use a script to prevent that . 
  [ stack free my son ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=umedct4bogc ), 
  a strain of music ? 
  pretty well understood term in the uk . 
  i 've certainly seen it other songs and hymns and stuff . 
  did you watch the whole thing ? 
  i agree at first glance he could be only old english eccentric , but once you watch for 10 minutes you see the sinister way he tries to control the situation and some other verbal / physical giveaways that there 's something quite off with him . 
  of course at this point there was nothing but suspicions that he was a bit of a deviant weirdo , nothing on the scale that was later discovered . 
  isis and ra are both egyptian ? 
  it 's funny but i would say these hardcore forms of salesmanship are one way europe differs from america . 
  you simply do n't get this type of hard sell here . 
  there is the assumption that if you 're in a buyer seller relationship someone is always trying to gain the upper hand over the other and it 's a not time to be endearing or too nice . 
  the definition of good service here would be someone who is polite and deferential , knowledgeable without pushing the sale too hard . 
  a salesman who pushes too hard would raise my suspicions and make me uncomfortable , a salesman who was too familiar would appear rude and make me feel uncomfortably pressured as if he was trying to make the relationship more than that of a buyer and seller . 
  if you do buy off someone like this you might walk away , realising you 're never going to see them again , and feel like you were duped . 
  people believe it 's better to keep it all business and not be clouded by personal interactions , someone who tries to make it more personal is therefore acting like a conman .
