  it 's ceremonial because does affect anyone in any way . 
  the queen has no power , the bishops in the house of lords have next to no power ( their only power is to quibble over the wording of statutes , which the house of commons can then override ) . 
  ask yourself , how does have a ceremonial head of state belong to ceremonial position in a religion ( which is what ultimately makes it a state religion ) affect anyone anywhere at any time ? 
  because it 's not the state religion in those countries . 
  just because the head of state of those countries happens also to be the head of the english state religion , does n't mean that the church of england is their state religion . 
  scotland even had its own state religion for a while ( the church of scotland ) . 
  essentially because it is defined as being so . 
  english law recognises it as the state religion . 
  another factor is that bishops from the church of england get a place in the upper house ( house of lords ) . 
  do n't be confused by the term upper house though , because of british history the `` upper '' house is the one with very little actual power and simply acts in an advisory role ( andrew lloyd webber is one for fuck 's sake ) . 
  the church of scotland however , is not defined in scottish law ( which is separate albeit similar to the law of england and wales ) , as being the state religion , nor do its bishops hold any kind of political office , it is however recognised under scottish law as being the national church , entitling it to call itself the church of scotland , but not the state church . 
  the fact you think that 's `` pretty great '' shows you how low the bar is . 
  to english ears he hides his american origin about as well as littlefinger hides the fact he 's irish . 
  ends up just sounding weird , kinda like stewie from family guy , your brain knows its going for british but it just sounds like how an american probably imagines a british person sounds . 
  i was going to say , that 's not an apartment , it 's a flat share that lacks a kitchen . 
  frankly the whole set up seems stupid . 
  3 bedrooms and a toilet ? 
  why not just turn one room into a kitchen and then you have an affordable small 2 bedroom apartment . 
  if they 're all paying $ 750 a month , $ 2250 a month total , i doubt it would be hard to find two people for $ 1125 each in manhattan . 
  lol stfu . 
  you 'll pay # 750 + for a 1 bedroom virtually anywhere south of birmingham . 
  would n't you rather live in hackney and have a bit more space like everyone else ? 
   you 're not moving in the right circles in london, 
  i 'm quite curious as to what you think is so much fun in london that ca n't be found in other major cities . 
  no offence , i get the feeling when people say this is that these people simply enjoy the centre of the universe feeling , the atmosphere it brings , and the characters it draws to it . 
  it 's not like there 's really that much you can do in london that you ca n't do in other big cities objectively , sure you get more choice in regards to the variety of nightlife and culture but that 's about it . 
  when i look at the city i live in right now , cologne , it does n't even have as many people as birmingham , but it would take a lifetime to see all it had to offer with a different bar , nightclub or art gallery on every corner . 
   where is it defined so ? 
  these dissenting clergy and their congregations were then persecuted until 1689 when the toleration act gave legal existence to those protestant groups outside the church of england who accepted the doctrine of the trinity . 
  the settlement of 1689 has remained the basis of the constitutional position of the church of england ever since , a constitutional position in which the church of england has remained the established church with a range of particular legal privileges and responsibilities , but with ever increasing religious and civil rights being granted to other christians , those of other faiths and those professing no faith at all . 
  as well as being the established church in england , the church of england has also become the mother church of the anglican communion , a group of separate churches that are in communion with the archbishop of canterbury and for whom he is the focus of unity . 
  from their website, 
   would n't this make it the state religion of the united kingdom ? 
  no , just because the bishops get a seat at the house of lords does n't make it their state religion . 
  ultimately it 's a legal thing . 
  if you say so , it does n't seem logical to me that he 'd make more money this way though . 
  it 's not as simple as more people = more money . 
  a kitchen would add more value to the flat because kitchens are a thing people want . 
  more people are willing to rent a flat with a kitchen so more demand and thus you can charge more . 
  there must be far more tenants looking for a regular 2 bedroom flat in manhattan than people looking to live in a tiny room without a kitchen space . 
  i can only guess that he 's making more money somehow by taking advantage of people on super tight budgets who literally have to live in manhattan and ca n't afford a regular room in a flat share . 
  [ you think you do but you do n't ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xuoymqsf6oq&amp;nohtml5=false ), 
  seriously stfu , you might not want that but many people do . 
  it does seem like an industry where shit is just going crazy all the time . 
   why does this law not apply outside of england ? 
  because the other countries were excepted from it when they became part of the british isles ( scotland ) and/or became countries in their own right ( wales / n. ireland ) , i imagine . 
   then why did you mention it ? 
  because it 's a part of the `` particular legal privileges and responsibilities '' that constitute the church of england 's state religion status , without entirely comprising it . 
  why do i feel like you are somehow trying to dispute this or have an argument when i 'm just explaining some incontrovertible facts ? 
  as someone who just watched a hard earned level 60 go down the drain , i would 've gladly reactivated my 4 years dormant account to have played that exact same experience . 
  blizzard has their head so far up their ass they ca n't seem to see that all we want to is to play that original game , the game with it 's complicated talent system , unintuitive ui , expensive spell ranks , and long grinds . 
  we liked that stuff . 
  they 've spent all their money changing the game to make it more accessible but that has ruined it for us . 
  if i wanted the kind of slick intuitive game that requires very little struggle that wow is now i would 've played the myriad of other games that offered that experience . 
  firstly just because a country inherits a countries law does n't mean they still have that law or that all the laws apply to that area . 
  the usa also inherited english law . 
   so , i would like to know what makes england special , that anglicanism can be said to be its state religion but not the state religion of any other country . 
  i 've already explained that to you . 
  it 's because the law of england and wales , states that the coe is the state religion of england , but affords special exemption privileges to wales . 
  furthermore , scottish law and n. irish law states similar exemptions . 
  the coe has these special rights and privileges derived from these laws within the nation of england , but does n't have them in other countries in the union . 
  thus a coe diocese that falls within the boundaries on england will have these legal rights and privileges applied to them , as will the clergy that belong to them , but in other countries they wo n't . 
  whatever you may think that . 
  me and 150k other active players just got our accounts taken from us , we were enjoying ourselves on vanilla . 
  plenty of the players there never even played vanilla so it 's not just `` nostalgia crap '' . 
  no it was n't . 
  i 'll explain why . 
  the game was not designed around 1v1 or arena brackets . 
  it was designed around world pvp and bgs , and for those environments it was just fine . 
  if you wanted to gank 1v1 , roll a rogue , if you want to own in bgs with a bunch of healers backing you up , roll a warrior , if you want to get the drop of people from a distance , go mage , if you just want to get the top of bg dmg boards , go lock and dot everything in sight . 
  it was a different type of game . 
   basicly only two classes that were used for healing dungeons were priest and druid . 
  only viable tank was warrior . 
  that meant getting a group for dungeon took an hour and sometimes it took another hour to get to the dungeon . 
  you couldnt raid as some class specs , like enahncement shaman . 
  seriously , why the fuck do you feel entitled to doing everything as every class ? 
  every class had at least one raid and dungeon spec and that 's all that you really needed . 
  if you do n't want to heal , do n't roll a druid , reroll a rogue . 
  shamans and paladins definitely did heal dungeons btw . 
   abilities were super simple and there were no rotations . 
  as frost mage you spammed frostbolt , lb as ele shaman . 
  yet you had the focus on other things like movement , maximising uptime , mana management , timing trinkets , dealing with adds or whatever . 
  plenty of people could n't give a fuck about rotations . 
  many of my best raiding experience ever were `` spamming frostbolt '' as you say . 
   and i could go for long time . 
  i loved vanilla but i would never go back to it , its boring after all the time i have spend with wow . 
  that 's you , just you , nobody else . 
  because it was overcoming these things that made the game fun for many of us . 
  if i wanted an mmo version of skyrim i would just play skyrim . 
  ultimately even if they did that , and after the content was cleared the numbers evaporated , it would still pay for itself, 
   95 % of talents were mandatory for the class to work - the remaining 3-5 points meant absolutely nothing and gave no customization or anything whatsoever . 
  yes , that was great . 
  that 's bollocks . 
  as mage i could play . 
  deep frost pve , frost / w imp silence pvp , arcane frost pve , arcane fire pom spec pvp , or deep fire pve . 
  there were also small variations on each of these you could tweak to your liking by moving a few points around . 
   what in the actual f. . . do you really intentionally want to deal with a purposely unintuitive ui ? ... 
  really ? 
  yes , i liked having to read quest texts and use a coord addon to find hit . 
  i liked not having everything be bloody obvious so i could stop and plan what to do next .
