  i 've tried to reason with you to no avail so you can see why trolling was more appropriate . 
  i 'd like to see the universal industry wisdom that says somehow that rent has more artistic value than cats . 
  i 'll go back to what i said before , your industry is artistically without value , you are entertainers not artists , and you personally are a bad entertainer because you care more about the opinions of some bitter old industry queens than actually performing your function of entertaining people . 
  if you want to see art , [ this is art ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tzb6a6wr_60 ) , however [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_dyzr5ega0m ) is a bunch of hacks who could n't act , sing or dance well enough to do any of those things so had to spend their life entertaining proles in a second rate industry . 
  it 's more that i do n't know where to start and then which words go before or after at all . 
  i 've just never learned it , i can read the blazon kind of , although i could n't draw it just from the blazon but i know what the words mean . 
  for example why is it `` beaked langued and membered '' and not `` langued beaked and membered '' . 
  in short i do n't know the syntax . 
  you are the perfect example of the dunning-kruger effect . 
   btw love the irony of a guy who spends half the time telling me my field is n't making `` real art '' and the other half talking about post-modernism and calling me ( the guy who makes low art ) a snob . 
  yes , that 's because i tried to reason with you using common sense and it failed , so now i 've resorted to the one thing you seem to understand which is snobbishness . 
  do you see how this works yet ? 
  while you continue to be unreasonable i will return in kind , and i bet it really does bother when you get snubbed by `` real musicians '' because you 're in musicals  and i enjoy your irritated responses . 
  oh and fyi nothing i 've said means there 's anything wrong with pit orchestras trying to meet the standards of symphony orchestras , it 's just that in the grand scheme of things it wo n't matter to the vast majority whether they achieve them or not . 
  until you learn that even with all your alleged industry expertise and such , that you 're still not qualified to make objective statements about your medium , i 'm afraid you 're still a huge cunt . 
  imo the us is like the psycho child who would n't help with the chores in return for his pocket money . 
  so he sneaked out the house while daddy was preoccupied with some neighbours who were threatening to burn down the family home . 
  daddy went out to get him back but he hid at the neighbours houses who did n't like daddy and therefore he could n't be reached . 
  a bit later when the kid was a teen he started messing with his little brother at school , threatening to beat him up , so daddy and his brother had to team up and rough him up a bit to make him stop . 
  in a few years the little psycho kid grew up and started taking steroids and working to get really massive . 
  now he 's the local wannabe gangster who goes around threatening to beat people up if they do n't sell him their shit . 
  thankfully though he only like to pick on much smaller people so everyone of importance just ignores him and gets on with their lives , quietly hoping to themselves that one day he 'll grow up and stop being such a dick . 
  ah yes , the well know `` english look '' , ranging from anything from classic nordic stereotype to being able to pass for spanish/italian , with a bunch of gingers in between . 
  what 's interesting i guess is how if someone is half european , half japanese we tend to see them as halfway to japanese . 
  whilst i guess the japanese would see them as halfway to european , if that makes any sense whatsoever . 
  i 'd basically just learned frontside , backside stalls , going in fakie or forward with 180 jumps . 
  maybe a pathetic frontside grind on a miniramp but not moving very far . 
  i learnt to drop in and skate a 14ft vert ramp but never really going higher than the coping . 
  i learnt to step over spines but never jump over them . 
  with ledges and ledge height rails i was doing souls , makio , mizous , alley-oop souls . 
  i could frontside grind low rails but not properly royale , and i fucked up my body enough trying . 
  one thing i did was throw myself down quite big sets of steps for kicks , i think a 9 set was the highest though . 
  i did manage to 360 a 7 set which was very proud of but i hurt myself multiple times trying to redo it at which point i just gave up . 
  to be honest i found during that time i progressed very quickly because i was young and skated a lot , but then i kinda capped out and further progress was much slower . 
  i did eventually add a few more tricks to my repertoire ( pornstar grinds , some top side stalls ) and got more confident on ramps able to throw myself into them without anxiety , my grinding got better insofar as i was able to hold longer grinds and reach the end of fun boxes and stuff . 
  but honestly the difference a few years later when i stopped the first time around was n't that big . 
  honestly i more enjoyed the thrill of flying around the park at high speeds than pushing myself to learn more technical stuff or anything really crazy . 
  i never managed to royale and still ca n't :(, 
  my attitude is only push yourself if you want to . 
  i learned certain tricks for more practical reasons ( they allowed me to create runs and flow ) rather simply want to show off what a good skater i was like some of friends would . 
  for me it 's all about the freedom of carving a run in a park , i did n't care if i was using the same grinds over and over because for me the fun was the sensation of sliding down the ledge and not the fact that i could say i slid down the ledge topside or with my legs at funny angles regardless of how cool it looks . 
  man you are definitely doing something wrong . 
  you should 've developed some charisma and confidence by now . 
  are you going to the wrong places ? 
  are you actually waiting to get to know them well before asking them out ? 
  ( because by then it 's too late ) . 
  ask them out and then find out if you want to keep it going . 
  seriously things have become so much easier as i 've got older . 
  it was ok when i was at school because then it 's all just fun and games , but in my early 20s thing were really dry . 
  at first i did n't understand it , but then i realise that the girls that were my age were getting attention from guy up to their 40s . 
  when a girl is 18 that 's considered pervy but soon as she 's 21 then it 's open season . 
  i 'm amazed that now , when i 'm balder and less in shape , girls seem to show more interest than when i was 21 myself . 
  except bread of course . 
  bread is absolute fucking rip off in the us , and what 's more is that it 's shit bread that tastes like arse . 
  we can at least be proud that you can by a decent 800g loaf of sliced bread , white or brown , cooked in the supermarket that day , for less than a dollar . 
  does anyone know why bread is so expensive in the us ? 
  all those giant predators in the german forests . 
  omg thanks for stealing 3 hours of my life . 
  i found this kind of stuff disturbing as a child . 
  i would guess it 's a new york accent trying to sound kooky, 
  you are [ weird satanist guy ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i-f8kulbdh8 ) and you owe me five pounds . 
  [ more like this chap ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vndr6p3yzqs ), 
  shut up . 
  it 's not an official term . 
  stop being such a pedantic fuckwit . 
  edit : lol forgot that on reddit may mays are serious business . 
  it flows much worse if you ask me . 
  makes it sound like the face of a bitch who 's resting . 
  according to whom ? 
  god ? 
  shut up . 
  `` thinks '', 
  canadians are descended from loyal and noble stock , which can hardly be said of americans, 
  i know one , i even got off with one in there . 
  could be worse , you could live in america . 
  `` look aat those lovely houssess . '', 
  at least they 're not americans . 
  i ca n't say i enjoy stephen king 's writing style tbf . 
  not using `` very '' to modify an adjective is just common sense , however i see no problem in talking about an `` elegantly proportioned room '' or an `` immensely difficult patient '' , there 's not need to avoid adverbs for the sake of it . 
  of course saying `` the lawyer quickly ran down the corridor '' might be better said `` the lawyer sprinted down the corridor '' , but this is not always the case . 
  king 's writing style feels staccato to me , parsimony for parsimony 's sake , a trap that many great american novelists have fallen into imo . 
  i would hold up hemmingway as an example of doing it right , and stephen king as an example of doing it wrong frankly . 
  there have been some very good wordy writers just as there have been some very bad ones as well . 
  i 'd forgotten danke was a dativ only verb , and using formal pronouns for the imperative is just a bad habit i developed because it 's easier :d ( no need to think about number ), 
  i 'm really not , but i 'm allowed to take an opinion on books i 've read , no ? 
  i 'm pretty sure king was of the opinion that authors should limit their use of adverbs , that it 's better to use a more descriptive verb than modify a verb with an adverb . 
  the tree fell violently to the ground would be better said the tree crashed to the ground and so on . 
  there is certainly some wisdom there , however , i would n't hold up king 's writing as example of really good use of language personally . 
  there 's definitely a difference between being a good novelist and being a good writer . 
  one author that i maintain ca n't write for shit is grr martin , because he does things like stick `` though '' at the end of sentences , though . 
  he also repeats phrases he 's invented that he thinks sound archaic , much and more of them , which when must needs is mayhaps no more useful than a nipple on a breastplate , after all words are wind . 
  i think you see my point , but i still love the novels for their content . 
  scotch *, 
  ^ ^ ^ really ^ ^ ^ it 's ^ ^ ^ scott, 
  [ sup ] ( http://cdn.images.express.co.uk/img/dynamic/80/590x/scotch-egg-527023.jpg ), 
  we 're just too lazy . 
  many homophones used to be pronounced differently and after a while people just gave up . 
  hell it 's still happening , in my accent due and do are pronounced differently , but for lots of english speakers they 're the same . 
  however for me paw , pour , and poor are all pronounced the same , while my granddad had totally different ways of saying each . 
  yeah , i do n't get why people want privacy when taking a shit either , a 2 inch gap between the door and the wall is absolutely fine !,
