  to put this in natural language `` some animals are monkeys therefore all animals are monkeys '' . 
  the point is that it 's absolutely meaningless to reformulate the fallacy of composition this way because `` some animals are monkeys '' can be logically derived quite validly from the proposition `` all monkeys are animals '' . 
  you 've just said the same thing but differently . 
  while you 're quite right that this is also an example of the fallacy of composition , makes absolutely no difference which way you formulate it and you 've changed absolutely nothing . 
   because the statement `` some x 's are y therefore it is possible for y 's to be x '' is not logically valid as it is tautological . 
  #all logically valid inferences are tautological ffs . 
  if you do n't know this simple fact why are you trying to have a debate about logic ... 
   so let me rephrase for clarity : you are saying that because people identified as racist are eurosceptic that other eurosceptics could be racist '' . 
  that 's not logically valid . 
  eurosceptics not identified as racists might not be racist at all , you can ; t ascribe any property to them . 
  this is a common mistake made . 
  wrong . 
  that 's no remotely what i 've said . 
  first off let 's remove possibility from this because it 's clearly just confusing you , the concept of logical possibility is not what you 're suggesting , it means possibility in the weakest sense i.e not impossible , and not that there actually are any further existential instances of a thing ( which is how you 're interpreting it ) . 
  `` some x 's are y therefore it 's possible for x 's to be y '' is a perfectly valid statement ( yes it 's tautological , because that 's what logical inference is ... and you should know this if you want to discuss logic , it is truth by the axiomatic definition of the signifiers involved , not something we need to actually investigate in the world to figure out ) . 
  we know it 's possible for x 's to be y because some x 's * are * y. 
  to make this clear ; if we know `` some animals are monkeys '' then we know for certain that `` it 's possible for animals to be monkeys '' . 
  we know this because there are some of those things in existence , it 's a completely logically valid move . 
  now , please remove the word `` could '' from your vocabulary because it 's logically ambiguous . 
  when you say that i 'm claiming :, 
   you are saying that because people identified as racist are eurosceptic that other eurosceptics could be racist . 
  you do n't actual mean logically possible here , what you mean is something like `` likely to be '' . 
  what you 're suggesting is that i 'm claiming :, 
  `` some animals are monkeys therefore it is probable that other holders of the property animal are monkeys '' . 
  this is obviously not a logically valid inference , but that 's not the inference i 'm making . 
  you 're quite right in thinking that just because some y 's are x , that is no reason at all to assume a priori that any other holders of the property y are x. 
  but that 's not my position at all . 
  moving away from logic right now , in science , if we find that some y 's are x ( some animals are monkeys ) what we say is : is that it 's usually worth having a look to see if any other y 's are x. 
  that is to say , if we find out that some animals are monkeys , it 's worth having a look to see if any other animals happen to be monkeys . 
  of course there is no logical reason why other holders of the property `` animal '' must also hold the property `` monkey '' , but it 's worth a damn look to check it . 
  that 's what science does , it sees correlations and then checks empirically whether there 's anything more to that relationship . 
  sometimes there is , sometimes there is n't , the point is that if we could derive that logically then we would n't need to do science in the first damn place . 
  that 's what i wanted to do when i made the original statement `` all racists are eurosceptics but not all eurosceptics are racist '' , i wanted people to look into the real world and check whether other eurosceptics are racist too . 
  i 'm not trying to logical derive that all eurosceptics are racist , or that there need even be a single additional eurosceptic who is racist other than the group we know to be racist . 
  while we know that such a thing is logically possible , there 's no logical grounds to believe it is so ( or is n't so for that matter ) . 
  now going back to personal opinion . 
  in my personal opinion , many eurosceptics are racist , a far larger number of them are racist than the ones that openly identify as being racist . 
  however , as i 've already stated i did n't come to this conclusion through logical inference , i came to the conclusion inductively , by speaking with eurosceptics and deciding for myself whether they were racist or not . 
  it was nothing to do with logical necessity , and everything to do with my own experience . 
  ultimately , if you want to debate logic you need to learn about logic , and frankly logic is not at stake here . 
  a 10 year old can understand logic , and most people do it naturally without any formal understanding of it . 
  you 'd save a lot of time using natural language and not logic if you do n't know logic . 
  reddit seems to like to throw around the term fallacy a lot as a trump card in an argument but unless the people having the argument have both studied logic it usually just ends up derailing the debate . 
  to put the whole argument in natural language . 
  yes , i know that just because racists are eurosceptic , it does n't mean that there are necessarily any reason to assume that other eurosceptics are racists . 
  however , it 's worth investigating the possibility that there is a relationship here , given the correlation we see between being a racist and being a eurosceptic . 
  from my experience , i 've concluded that yes there is a deeper relationship between racism ( and xenophobia and nationalism ) and euroscepticism , because i have judged many of the eurosceptics i 've spoken with to harbour racist opinions even if they do n't identify as racist . 
  however , i do n't expect anyone to take my word for this , and thus would encourage them to investigate that possibility themselves and come to their own conclusion . 
  it 's also worth adding that logic wo n't solve this problem either , because in the real world , rather than the abstract world we 've invented for logic , things are n't that cut and dry . 
  everyone has a different understanding of a term like `` racist '' , so the truth conditions will differ from person to person . 
  i will say `` this person harbours racist beliefs '' whereas a eurosceptic might say he does n't , and most real world definitions like this come down to these issues and not logic itself . 
  that 's fucking stupid , china has been doing great trading with the eu . 
  lots of countries trade with the eu just dandy . 
  do you think we 'll have no tariffs on third world countries when we 're outside the eu ? 
  it would destroy our local industry . 
  you 're basically willing the complete destruction of the british working class if you want completely free trade with the world . 
  you clearly do n't understand the basics of economics if you think the only way to be fair is to have free trade with absolutely everyone , and if we do go this route you can wave goodbye to almost all forms of unskilled labour , because why would anyone choose to employ brits to do unskilled things when they can access our market just the same while employing indians at 20p a day to do the same work . 
  the eu forced many big international corporations to employ europeans to do jobs that served other europeans because it was financially advantageous to do so . 
  little britain on its own will have a tiny portion of that leverage , so we 're fucked if we open our markets and fucked if we do n't . 
  that 's why brexit can only inevitably result in massive deregulation and further wealth division . 
  the only ones who will benefit are the rich , as they 'll still be making first world money but paying third world prices for goods . 
  and there is clear relationship between islam and jihadi terrorism , so the point stands . 
  such a relationship does n't entail `` all muslims are jihadi terrorists '' , in fact it does n't entail that a single muslim , other than the ones that we know to be jihadi terrorists , are jihadi terrorists . 
  trying to logical derive either of these statements would be fallacious . 
  however , it means it 's worth investigating the relationship . 
  in fact i think it 's fair to say that being a muslim is a sufficient condition of being a jihadi terrorist , but not a necessary one . 
  to put it another way :, 
  jihadi terrorist only if muslim . 
  but not :, 
  jihadi terrorist if and only if muslim . 
   incorrect . 
  a tautology is a statement which is true by the nature of its construction . 
  this typically means that there is no material difference in the premise and the conclusion . 
  so `` if a = b then b = a '' is a tautology . 
  but the valid inference of `` if a = b and b = c then a = c '' is not a tautology , as the conclusion `` a = c '' is in neither of the premises . 
  this is getting tiresome . 
  we are dealing with analytic truth . 
  it is truth by definition . 
  if you ca n't understand that then this debate is pointless . 
  yes , they 're not tautological by the strict standard of being true by the any valuation of its propositional variables , but if you know enough logic to understand this why oh why are you accusing my of fallacy when i 've been perfectly unambiguous about what i mean . 
   so when i ( admittedly loosely ) said that ` just because all x are y , does n't mean that ys are x ' you had a choice of how you could interpret that statement . 
  one was as a tautology , where you take the existence of x to be y to conclude it is possible that some y can be x. 
  one was as a non-tautology where you could take it to mean that other y that are not identified as x do not necessarily have to be x. 
  that is to say that x and y are different sets . 
  that is a difference , and so the tightening of my phrasing to be clearer that i meant the second non-tautological meaning does change your ability to interpret it . 
  and nobody who had actually studied logic would take the statement to mean the latter . 
  honestly if you do understand logic then you know what i said . 
  you 're just being a prat about it . 
  if \u2200 x a ( x )  b ( x ) is true , it has no bearing on whether x 's with the property b also have the property a. i 'm obviously not talking about identity or biconditionality . 
  however my point was merely if some x has the property a and b , then it 's possible for something with the property a to have the property b. 
  that 's pretty damn obvious . 
   right , that was my point . 
  that 's the thing that i wanted to get you to admit . 
  because saying that there is a reason to assume is committing the composition fallacy of saying that the properties of set x within set y can be ascribed to all members of set y. 
  as you state here that is not definitely the case . 
  that 's what i 've been saying from the start . 
  either you obviously do n't get logic mate , or if you do , you 're just being a pain the arse about it making pointless arguments that are derailing the discussion . 
  it 's ok . just stick to natural language and it will be much easier to have a debate . 
  this has nothing to do with bayesian probability theory , we are not doing science , we are not investigating what is true , we are investigating what is logically valid , you are over complicating this to the extreme and totally misinterpreting the incredibly simplistic logical inferences i 've put in front of you . 
  assuming you do understand logic and are just being a pain the arse , i 'm making a very simple argument and you 're deliberately misinterpreting it .
