  interestingly the orthography of english was heavy influenced by italian through latin . 
   2 ) looking at the pronunciation of lasagna , it seems to be `` a '' ( no umlaut ) , so would this make the us way correct , or is there still some accuracy missing ? 
  what are you looking at ? 
  if you 're looking at a dictionary that wo n't show you ipa , it will show your phonetic script . 
  phonetic script is a simplified version of ipa which only shows the phonemes that are known to exist in a language . 
  since / \u00e4 / is not known to exist in genam or rp then it wo n't write it so . 
  moreover if it 's an english dictionary it will be showing your how english people pronounce it , not the true pronunciation . 
  look here for both the american and british version of [ pasta ] ( http://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/pasta ), 
  [ here , this should demonstrate exactly how the italian sound is inbetween ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s0mifase8dn0 ), 
  very rare , much worth . 
  shut up you humourless moron . 
  no it 's just there to troll morons who interpret it such . 
  sorry if you got triggered bro . 
  i remember what people were saying in the early 2000s . 
  get any old degree from a russell group university and you 'll walk onto a graduate scheme with some fancy multi-national and build a career from the ground up . 
  did exactly that , graduated after the recession had hit , barely any jobs and the ones there were were competitive and had shit starting salaries no higher than what i 'd be earning had i not gone to university . 
  everyone said ppe was a good course what companies loved , yeah right ... 
  i did a lot of googling on these tests before i passed on . 
  basically pick the answer that makes you sound like an uncreative , dull obedient drone . 
  initiative , fuck that , it just makes you a liability . 
  27k assumes you do n't take any assistance for somewhere to live and living costs . 
  funny how those same `` mickey-mouse '' degree used to get people jobs . 
  they 've only become `` mickey-mouse '' because of the sheer number of graduates available , they require no less effort , study or skills than they did before ... 
  i think you 're misreading the chart , we are looking right to left here . 
  \u00e4 is in the middle . 
  if you ca n't hear the difference it 's just a product of not knowing phonetics , we actually learn to tune out subtle differences in sound at a young age so we more readily understand our primary language ( s ) . 
  it would n't be pretentious if americans managed to learn all the right sounds , but most of the `` ah '' is not the right sound so imo it 's still just ignorance . 
  many other countries convert words to their own language , most english words are a product of this , why keep a few different . 
  the wiki article shows english phonetics not ipa , click the link of the transcript , then click on the a in the ipa guide and you 'll see the ipa transcription of the sound . 
  well day-bree , duh-bree and deh-bree are all wrong anyway . 
  point is that why bother with saying - ah in loan words when every other word in the language is a loan word and we do n't bother for them . 
  americans only use - ah when they know it 's foreign , which seems even more ridiculous than just saying it how they naturally would . 
  depends on what you mean by mickey mouse , i did ppe which was considered one of the best academic courses for getting on graduate schemes at the time , now people scorn it for not being practical enough . 
  people who do psychology for example are not messing around , they have to learn plenty of numerical , statistical skills alongside others , yet people tell them it 's useless . 
  it 's getting to the point where people are scorning kids for studying anything that it 's entirely practical with well defined career path to follow . 
  most academic degrees have no direct `` practical use '' in the real world , yet up until relatively recently they were very useful for getting employment after one graduated . 
  if you 're talking about surf studies or whatnot well yeah they are mickey mouse degrees , but they rarely found anyone employment in the past . 
  point is we ca n't just label anything that does n't have direct practical application to industry as `` mickey mouse '' , it used to suffice that people studied a tough academic subject from a respectable institution . 
  that alone used to get one a job with a bit of effort . 
  it 's only in recent times with the over saturation of graduates and the recession have meant that anyone without highly valued directly applicable skills is struggling to find a position . 
  due to the economic climate companies are simply not taking the risk on new graduates when they can simply make do with what they have . 
  believe me it 's not just people who took joke degrees that are having to take sub-par positions . 
  half the people who graduated with me ( from a top 10 university ) are doing crap like social media management , administration and such hoping that they 'll be able to break into a real job some day . 
  hell i know guys with masters in stuff like chemistry and physics that are taking low tier technical support jobs just to eat . 
  higher in this thread they note that computer science ( the definition of a practical degree ) , has one of the highest post-uni unemployment rates . 
  the problem is not limited to people who went to university for a joke , it 's really affecting everyone across the spectrum . 
  just ignore the slant of the chart , that 's really not necessary to look at this stage . 
  you are misreading it . 
  think of it this way , there are three positions in terms of frontness , front , central and back . 
  also the sound british people use is the one below the one i circled , so it 's equidistant to \u00e4 as `` ah '' . 
  it 's americans who tend to use `` near-open '' when saying a word like `` tap '' , and brits who tend to use fully open front unrounded . 
  the british `` tap '' sound is more open than the american `` tap '' sound . 
  i have n't labelled the british sound on the chart because i assumed you were american . 
  anyway both are wrong . 
  near-open front unrounded , open front unrounded , open back unrounded , all wrong . 
  open central unrounded simply is n't that common in english . 
  personally i think they all sound like equally distinct sounds , it does n't matter which you use in the english language , it 's wrong . 
  that does n't stop my belief that it 's pretentious to mark loan words using a wrong sound . 
  either pronounce it like a native or pronounce it in the way you find easiest . 
  sticking in default loan word sound that is totally different from the actual sound is just silly and an affectation . 
  this is made worse by the fact that americans use it for everything , even words that are n't pronounced remotely close to open back unrounded . 
  ignorantly saying it how you would if it was an english word is one thing , affecting a foreign sound yet still saying it wrong is the definition of pretension . 
  debris is pronounced in french with close-mid front unrounded vowel , something that is again uncommon in english dialects . 
  nope british people use the same sound in `` ca n't '' , `` party '' and `` banana '' as americans use in a word like `` milan '' . 
  this is back open unrounded , / \u0251 / on the chart . 
  for words like `` tap '' `` hat '' `` cat '' , americans ( at least some ) use near open front unrounded / \u00e6 / . 
  however for these words british people use fully open front unrounded / a / . 
  italians use open central unrounded / \u00e4 / . 
  the simplified chart looks like this / a / -- / \u00e4 / -- / \u0251 / . 
  or alternatively ( british `` tap '' sound ) -- ( italian - a sound ) -- ( american `` milan sound '' ), 
  therefore the italian - a sound lies dead in between the way americans say `` taco '' and the way the british say `` tap '' . 
  what is `` sounds like '' to the untrained ear is entirely dependent on what accent you speak . 
  listen carefully and you 'll see the italian sound is exactly between the two . 
  i 'll also add it 's not just the british who use the fully open back unrounded sound but also californians , canadians , people from ohio and series of other accents . 
  i do n't how to help you out here . 
  think of how you say `` father '' , now imagine someone from boston saying `` father '' . 
  the boston accent is the one like the italian . 
  you 're just deluded into believing that scientology is n't a scam to take people 's money , which it is . 
  we assume you 're a member because literally everyone knows it 's a scam apart from members . 
   american 's tried very hard to differentiate themselves from the english , that 's actually one of the reason why the american dictionary was invented . 
  not true actually , something that 's neglected in american school books is how all the founding fathers actually wanted to be like england rather than different from it . 
  they may have owed a debt to the continental powers in the power but they certainly did n't want to embrace their cultures . 
  there 's this common myth about how german was almost the language of the us losing by one vote , in fact it could n't be further from the truth . 
  what there was was a vote on a motion to discuss whether laws should be printed in both english and german , and the motion just to discuss it did n't even pass for lacking one vote . 
  noah webster was a staunch nationalist however that is true , but he was unsuccessful at making as significant changes as he would like . 
  english culture was by far the most dominant in the us in its history , the `` melting pot '' concept really did n't come until much later . 
  english after all was the language of the founding fathers and therefore american 's mother language . 
  the role the uk played in it 's growth even after the wars as a trading partner was by far the most significant , and the uk was the dominant partner through the 19th century . 
  anyway , there was certainly an idea of preserving the purity of the english language in america which stopped it from changing too much , especially the written form . 
  if anything this was only aggravated by the presence of non-english immigrants rather than diluted by it . 
  things like accents and vocabulary are much harder to control , since accents naturally drift away from the original shared style and when faced with two equally valid english words it 's impossible to control which a community will elect to use . 
  for example `` highway '' , a perfectly good english word going back to before the us 's existence , yet it fell out of favour in the uk and stayed popular in the us . 
  you just ca n't understand the language on hard mode . 
  i know a guy with an msc chem from a top 10 uni who 's spent 5 years working in technical support . 
  internet user + awareness of anglophone culture if you ask me . 
  i 'm sure those frenchies are cheating just as much as the germans they 've just never learnt of the website . 
  the french will make their own website with baguettes and wine . 
  i 'm pretty sure most americans got their nationality from the godfather my mick-kraut friends . 
  tedx really has no standards, 
  what if i told you loving your country is lame ...
