  it 's uncontroversial that people 's sexual identities do change over time in some cases . 
  in these situations some people tend to say `` oh they were gay all along but in denial '' , funnily however in the minds of some of the same people , the same does n't apply in reverse to those who later change to identify as straight ( which i think is a product of implicit prejudice to be honest ) , people often label these people as at best `` bisexual '' . 
  but frankly i think both these views contain prejudice , really all we can say is that here is a person who identified one way at one time , and then another way at a different time , and at all points a long way they were merely being who they are . 
  if that person reports that they were at one point in denial about their sexuality that 's fine , but its not our job to impose that on anyone i do n't believe . 
  so do i think people can change their sexuality ? 
  in a way yes , i think if someone comes to the genuine and natural conclusion that a particular identity is not right for them , they will most likely move away from that identity in a completely legitimate and healthy way . 
  someone who believes sexuality is completely ingrained would probably want to explain this as a biological change , but i think this is unnecessary . 
  however this is nothing like trying to force a change in sexual identity on yourself due to external influences like religious belief or social pressure from family or whatever . 
  i do n't think this will work anymore than someone who is a lifelong vegan and animal lover trying to make themselves into the type of person who could enjoy working in an abattoir . 
  forcing something on yourself is what is most likely to just traumatise and make things far worse . 
  so if people legitimately want to change how they identify sexually for the right reasons e.g not feeling that how they currently identity is the right way of life for them . 
  yes i believe they can . 
  but people ca n't change their sexuality just because they suddenly decided there is something wrong with the way of life at a superficial level , if that is who they truly are , and absolutely absolutely nobody else has the right or the power to even suggest they can change somebody else 's sexuality for them . 
  you should probably make it clear that people in uk do tip in plenty of situations ( usually 10-15 % on meals for example ) , they just do n't tip delivery guys . 
  also !, 
  oh thanks, 
  larger roads , bigger cars yeah for sure , faster speeds ? 
  not really . 
  the lowest i 've ever seen in a residential speed here is 30mph . 
  there can only be one !, 
  ok here 's a few : -, 
  - google glass : these look so dumb , if these ever get popular it 'll be when they 're indiscernible from genuine designer glasses . 
  - tech culture : take a look back at the tech culture of the 90s and early 00s to see how cringe it was then generally . 
  i figure it 'll ultimately get to the point where it seems weird and clich\u00e9 that something as wide ranging as technology can have a `` culture '', 
  - dupstep : obviously , since this is already the butt of jokes , i imagine the general edm styles of the time will naturally become clich\u00e9, 
  - reality tv : someday this has to die . 
  yeah that 's not too unusual for me either , i think it demands on the width of pavement for us . 
  i just mean 30mph is as low as it goes here . 
  as a foreigner , the pre-911 usa was the place i associated with a laid back friendly atmosphere and a relaxed attitude to lifestyle generally . 
  due to the history of civil liberty , the size of the country and a less class based society . 
  america really did seem to represent a carefree and easy going way of life . 
  of my earliest memories of the usa ( when bill clinton was in office ) , most of them are of outdoorsy things as a kid , jumping on jet skiis without a day 's training , going to lakes and diving off cliffs . 
  generally enjoying ourselves and making the most of the gigantic magical wilderness without a care in the world , safe in the knowledge that nobody could spoil our fun . 
  in the uk by comparison , it would be virtually impossible to do such things except in those places designated for that purpose . 
  the smallness of the country and the density of population does n't really allow for people having so much freedom to explore and such unstructured fun . 
  it 's almost impossible here to even go camping without finding a field that provides that facility . 
  otherwise local residents will complain about anything and it 's impossible to escape that population , who themselves have little tolerance for your plans to enjoy yourself . 
  however now sadly the us seems like the opposite of what it was , it seems like quite an uptight place . 
  it also seems quite schizophrenic . 
  the way i see it is that whilst us brits never got to experience quite the same level of laid back `` do what you please '' social freedoms as americans did in the past , the consequences of doing anything wrong seem far diminished here . 
  for example , for virtually anything incredibly stupid i could imagine myself doing on a drunken night out , the worst that i could imagine happening in the uk , is either getting punched by someone or a slap on the wrist fine from the police ( for example , i 'm trespassing drunk somewhere i 'm not meant to be ) . 
  however in the usa everything these days seems escalated to the point of discomfort , cops could shoot you or taze you , there seems to be an increased perception of the possibility of gun violence between strangers . 
  the prison industrial complex is also shocking , even the way police interact with the population , how americans take utter submission to the police at gun point just for granted makes me uncomfortable . 
  despite all this the us still has many facets that reflect the days when it did seem to treat the civil liberties of its population more seriously . 
  for example the weed legalisation movement , but at the same time there are people in prison for small amounts of the same drug ( as well as for making stupid comments on league of legends ) , which is where the schizophrenia thing comes in . 
  your plea bargaining system is another thing that makes me totally uncomfortable placing myself within us jurisdiction . 
  the entire us judiciary seems to in the control of vindictive old men whose values have n't changed much since the 50s . 
  i hope one day the old us ethos can return , the us was once seemed like magical place where anyone with a decent grasp of english could go and find immediate acceptance , never once having to worry about people getting on their back . 
  right now it seems like where all the most crazy crap goes down , where you never know when you 'll turn on the news and have your preconceptions shattered by something horrific or unjust . 
  this is [ a video that reminds me of the old us as i remembered it ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rybe-35_baa ) , says it better than i could to be honest . 
  back then was america kooky ? 
  self-referential ? 
  naively self-assured ? 
  sure it was , but it was warm , open , and most importantly unafraid of itself . 
  certainly one of the worst in recent history . 
  those visas do n't discriminate by nationality afaik . 
  there are no benefits for brits travelling to the usa . 
  your ideas only work if you deliberately pay everyone more money for less hours so they can still afford the same amount of goods , otherwise everyone is poorer overall . 
  also if you cut public services all you end up doing is creating a bunch people in poverty dependent on welfare ( if not the people you fired , the people further down the scale whose jobs these displaced workers will now take ) . 
  `` busy work '' as you call it , makes up a huge share of employment in general , services industries that ultimately could be done without make up a huge share of the economy . 
  but that does n't make such work without a value , since the roles these people play might improve services to some degree . 
  basically firing all those hundred of `` surplus '' public service workers solves nothing really , they are all still a burden on the state . 
  also if you reduce everyone 's hours then companies have to pay more for less work , leading to less overall productivity . 
  it is clearly the better option to pay for public services to keep unemployment down , because at least then you have the surplus labour available . 
  what we should be doing is instead of gutting the public sector and pushing those people in a employment void and driving up unemployment , is gutting the public sector and instead taking that surplus labour and funneling into new areas of innovation in their public sector services . 
  that is to say instead of making things more efficient , and then firing the people who are now unnecessary , is make thing efficient then take the extra people and find something they can do that is of value within the public sector . 
  but as ever the problems with the british economy is to do with people at all level of society 's general unwillingness to implement positive change , and it 's far easier swept the problem under the carpet of individual responsibility . 
  wow you totally misinterpreted that . 
  would you call these kinds of people entitled and middle class ? 
  i think the point is that there is no seat reservation , obviously your towel and your stuff indicates that a seat is in use , but leaving your towel there for hours whilst you 're off elsewhere is really just exploiting people 's good natured unwillingness to throw your towel on the floor . 
  it 's just a stereotype to be honest , playing off the idea that germans are highly organised and slightly anal , suggesting that your even trying to maximise your efficiency when on your holidays . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're correcting my grammar to prove your point or not . 
  nonetheless it pretty much confirms it . 
  still i do n't think it 's anything to be proud of !, 
   i 'm satirical, 
  i can see that but i was referring to your argument :p, 
  i guess general advice would be : -, 
  - be aware of your environment at all time , make people aware of this by occasionally turning your head and scanning the horizon , people are look as if they 're in their own world are prime targets for crime . 
  - only ever casually glance at people for a split second when you 're soon to walk pass them . 
  do n't stare at people , but do n't look away and lock your eyes on a point somewhere in the distance either , that looks unnatural and give away that you 're threatened, 
  - walk confidently but do n't ever swagger, 
  - know what kind of area you are in , if you do n't know make an assessment based on the types of shops and accommodation you see . 
  - do n't dress outlandishly , dress how you see most people are , blend in . 
  - avoid large groups of scruffy looking adult males , funnily this works all over the world . 
  in fact hp.lovecraft asked harry houdini for his experiences to gather material for his weird fiction . 
  finding his experiences entirely inadequate he totally rewrote his stories . 
  i will be honest here , i have tried duolingo and i found it impossible to get into . 
  i could n't get it on a difficultly that suited me because it did n't reflect what i 'd focused on learning already ( i never studied sets of vocabulary categories , just focused on what you need to understand people , grammar , pronouns , prepositions all seemed far more important when it came to talking about the narrow range of day to day things i know ) . 
  i just felt frustrated that i had a relatively decent grasp of the language but it kept sending me back for not knowing complete sets of vocab . 
  also i find memonics quite unnecessary , i 'd really like a faster more more challenging memory intensive game that i could play without focusing too much . 
  the kind of game that would just throw words/sentences out and ask for translation at a rapid pace , where making mistakes would n't matter but every time it would remind you of the correct answer so it would be more about repetitive learning and less about testing whether you 've completed particular facet of the language . 
  i 'd really like a game like this to keep on my test top all day and translate when i 'm bored with . 
  take heart , all the best people are from the midlands !, 
  it 's only those parts of the midlands unaffected by the west midlands dialects where people speak properly anymore anyway . 
  you once well-spoken folk in the south have all started sounding like david cameron ... yar, 
  the thread would benefit from visual aids . 
  nope , just adding it as a point of interest . 
  lovecraft was fascinated by houdini , his story `` under the pyramids '' was commissioned to immortalise houdini 's tales , but lovecraft took the liberty of rewriting the story considerably because he believed it would be a better tale . 
  about thirty . 
  can anyone explain what this is all about ?
