  back when chip and pin was n't ubiquitous they 'd do stuff like damage the cards chip forcing the cashier to do a swip and signature transaction . 
  lots of places do n't even do that any more . 
  however that 's not enough since they ca n't sell that stuff on to friends at cost , so some try and just tactics to convert that into cash by pushing for cash refunds on stuff they 've bought on credit , or trying to convert store credit into cash . 
  one guy was had a scam where they 'd buy expensive items on a stolen/falsely acquired card , then return them for store credit , then use the store credit to buy gift vouchers and then offer those gift voucher at less than cost to people going into the shop . 
  i guess people are willing to pay more for a gift voucher than they are for actual products since a stereo system off the back of a van seems dodgier than a gift voucher . 
  they caught him though because he was so obvious about it , not the brightest tool in the shed . 
  however nowadays everyone uses gift cards which are could because there 's no way to know if they 're charged or not . 
  i think i can answer some of your questions . 
  1 ) i think the idea that we 'll have automated public transport first is wrong , even though it would be a massive tax saver . 
  one reason for this is the loss of labour . 
  people who work in public transport are usually unionised . 
  we can already see this problem in underground systems around the world , many cities that should have 24 hour underground lines like london and berlin currently do n't because of labour costs . 
  in fact the technology to make all tube lines driverless has been around for a while and has been implemented successfully in copenhagen and tokyo . 
  currently , even with trains that use a driver , the driver 's role is minimal and he basically just overlooks the automated system , opening and closing the doors , judging when the people have disembarked/boarded , then pressing a button to go to the next station . 
  the problem is that if drivers are sacked the entire union , so everyone involved in the service from maintenance to the information desk will strike . 
  in the public sector automation has to be implemented slowly and stealthily to stop people getting angry about it . 
  we can extrapolate the problems to other transport systems like buses , overland trains and taxis . 
  that latter despite not being public sector is a huge employer and if it 's taken away those left out of work will cause trouble . 
  you only need look at the fiascos around the world with uber to see that . 
  much rather i think we 're already seeing the steps towards self driving vehicles in the private auto industry , in what can be called assisted driving . 
  i 've already seen cars that will track the road on the motorway ( freeway ) , staying in lane automatically without the need for the driver to direct them . 
  there 's also technology that works like cruise control however adjusts for the car in front and keeps at a safe distance . 
  i reckon that in the next 10-15 years this type of assisted driving will become more and more standard . 
  it will be expanded so that cars will follow all major road types so the driver only need take over steering the vehicle when approaching a junction or going down a dirt track . 
  i also think we 'll see a greater integration between sat-nav technology and real time feedback from the road itself . 
  the sat nav wo n't just tell you the correct route but will know which lane you should be in , and the state of the road system itself in real time , receiving data about traffic and accidents . 
  some sat navs already have these kinds of features but they 'll become more fine tuned with an information feedback system integrated with the road network . 
  so directing your car will become just a matter of doing what you 're told . 
  as this progresses towards less and less driver interaction , the role of the `` driver '' will be nothing more than a back up system , someone who 's job is to sit in front of the controls ready to take over manually if something goes wrong much like a pilot during a flight . 
  of course public transport will follow this and bus driver will become a similarly passive job , but at least that keeps the unions happy . 
  once people are entirely comfortable with the automated system it 'll only be a matter of time before people trust the systems to run unchecked . 
  manual driving will be seen as more dangerous since it will allow people to drive dangerously and its unpredictability could potentially confuse automated systems on the road . 
  manual driving may even be made illegal on public roads at this point , as it will allow the system to be modified for an automaton only environment , with the computer able to handle split second timing better than humans ever could . 
  people will have to go to specialised tracks for a fix of old school driving at this point . 
  2 ) as for the job market it 's a tricky problem . 
  all countries might not decide to follow the same paths as well . 
  this [ cgp grey covers it well in this video ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7pq-s557xqu ) however i do n't agree with everything he says . 
  firstly he uses an analogy with horses and how they 've been replaced but humans are n't horses so the analogy does n't remotely fly , we are already doing a lot of keep humans employed because we value them , however horse populations are simply irrelevant and nobody cares if we stop breeding them in such great numbers . 
  he also underestimates the ways we 've already adapted our economy to keep employment high despite those jobs not being `` necessary '' , as long as there is money to spend , and there is something people can offer other people , it does n't matter if what they 're selling or a completely frivolous luxury you can build an economy around those things . 
  money 's value lies not in its necessity but in its in its desirability . 
  economies are inherently artificial and have been since the advent of modern capitalism made it so people spent money not to just to survive but because they could buy bigger houses than necessary , designer goods and exotic foods when a potato would do . 
  the fact is a human face will always have some value over and above an interaction with a machine , even if we leave the important stuff to superior machines , because people will pay more for this desirable luxury keeping a number of human jobs around not because they ca n't be done by a machine but merely because people would prefer them done by a human . 
  you can build machines that will give excellent massages but how many people who choose that over a person , the same goes for education , we are increasingly building better educational tools for learning , however there will always be a value to having a human break explain things to you even if they only serve as a supplement to the programme you 're using to learn something . 
  people said similarly pessimistic things when rural labour was replaced by machine agriculture , yet we adapted to keep people doing something of use . 
  i see the future economy based not in the necessity of human labour but in the inherent desirability of humans as a luxury service . 
  i also disagree with his idea that we ca n't have a larger creative economy too , what he dismissively calls a `` poem economy '' . 
  what he says about only a tiny minority being able to make a living off creativity . 
  this is n't something that has been true throughout history . 
  it used to be there were massive numbers of people employed in the arts . 
  singers , piano players and bands in bars , artisan craftsmen making clocks or furniture , street performers , painters selling their work from small shops and market stands . 
  it 's only that in the last 100 years we 've used technology to change that landscape , so that instead of thousands of people making a living , you have hundreds of people making vast sums of money and thousands of hopefuls struggling to get by . 
  media has allowed us to all like the same musicians and artists . 
  the industry behind this has promoted the type of centralisation because it allows them to make more money off the back of this creative talent . 
  but look at how things have changed in recent years . 
  in 1980 the only ways to make a name for yourself was through a tightly controlled network of music production companies , television and radio , or film . 
  nowadays there are literally tens of thousands of people who 've been able to create a name for themselves and generate a living because of the internet acting as a platform . 
  if this type of pluralisation continues then it will function a decent sized economic sector . 
  furthermore the idea that machines will take over creative jobs is a little bit absurd . 
  maybe if people are looking for a jingle for their advert , or want a nice background for their company website , but when it comes to true art its value is not in how well its painted or how pretty it looks . 
  when too many people mastered naturalistic art styles people looked elsewhere for creative expression . 
  this argument has about as much sway as saying that 3d printing will eliminate sculpture . 
  the value of art is irreplaceably human because its the expression of a human creator that gives it its value . 
  even if many people do n't currently appreciate this then human values will change to reflect this when faced with more and more computer generated material . 
  ultimately i think what we 'll see in the future is a living wage paid to everyone that will be enough to provide them somewhere to live , utilities like electricity , internet , water , heating and so forth , as well as the modern necessity like a functional computer and television , enough spending money to entertain themselves too . 
  then there will be jobs on top of this , highly educated ones who do work that has n't yet been automated , a service economy based around the desirability of human interaction , part of this being an education economy , and also a much larger pluralised art economy , people selling work on the streets , busking or playing small venues to entertain the client\u00e8le . 
  there will also be some need for professionals like lawyers even if much of what they do is reduced to the human side of things . 
  the value of these things will be inflated to keep people comfortable . 
  i also imagine you 'll need to pay tax on your living wage , which can be done either with money you 've earned additional to your wage , or by doing government service since they 'll probably be some labour shortages in areas that are n't desirable , such as maintaining robots in remote places or garage trucks or whatever . 
  i think if we 're sensible all this can work out better for the human race than the status quo , however the question remains of what will become of the 3rd world since this is all fine for industrialised nations but what to do about the billions who are n't under their protection . 
  it would be a massive strain on the system to integrate them all . 
  it 's absolutely fascinating to think of how technology eventually reaches a point where it eliminates the need for labour to support it . 
  maybe the people in 2094 look back and pin point 9/11 as the turning point in america 's decline . 
  you must be an incredibly boring unimaginative person if that 's a complaint that would make you forego the rest of the story . 
  i actually feel sorry for you . 
  i agree , although you should remember that its a political event . 
  maybe in 2094\u00a09/11 symbolises the end of americans post ww2 golden age and process of slow decline in political and cultural influence . 
  maybe in 2094 the us is at military , political and economic parity with china , oceania and europe . 
  thus if they stop 9/11 they think it will extend america 's golden age of prosperity . 
  saving 3000 american lives but unwittingly causing the american invasion of the united kingdom , starting a nuclear war and unwittingly costing millions of lives . 
  nice move . 
  you 're meant to fill in the gaps dummy . 
  who knows what 's happened by 2096 , not every part of a story has to be explicitly explained for it to be good . 
  it 's subtext . 
  the fact you did n't automatically do that suggests you 're lacking in imagination and that must suck because you 'll miss out on so much good literature with the kind of shitty attitude you 're demonstrating , the story was actually pretty good and it seems most agree since it has almost 600 upvotes and gold . 
  reading that thread it 's amazing how nationalistic these supposedly enlightened / r/space readers . 
  seems to be nothing more than a nationalistic dick measuring competition . 
  never seen something so american . 
  wow you na\u00efve ignorant moron . 
  first off 9/11 has impacted things immensely , it provided the american government with impetus for the war iraq and gave rise to sufficient consent within american people permit the invasion of iraq in 2003 . 
  a war that continued until 2011 . 
  without it there is no grounds for the arab spring and therefore no r\u00e9gime change in egypt or the rise of isis in syria . 
  history is a ongoing process , ever heard of the butterfly effect ? 
  to say that 9/11 had no impact is entirely ignorant . 
  moreover the soft influence of the united states has been significantly reduced by these events , with many wealthy nations around the world turning their back on us foreign policy . 
  there 's no telling what the chain of events these occurrences have set into motion will result in . 
  secondly , you talk of logic and imagination as if they were antithetical . 
  your statement `` imagination has killed millions of people throughout time '' is entirely absurd . 
  do you have any idea how much of a neckbeard this makes you sound like ? 
  furthermore i can say with absolute certainty that you do n't know what logic even is . 
  i suggest you read the [ wikipedia article on it thoroughly ] ( http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/logic ) and think about how lack of the study of valid reasoning has killed millions .
