  i already explained what the object of study for the stem subjects is . 
  there clearly is a divide between those subjects that attempt to study the physical world and those that deal with more complex human phenomena like thought and language . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  you 're hoping that language and cognition will be found to be inherently irreducible to the physical the mechanisms within your body or what ? 
  because that sort of defeats the project of cognitive science . 
  furthermore , fields not get swallowed up when we understand the precise interaction between their objects of study , much rather they become one and the same , in the same way that medicine used to be about cutting people open or giving them herbs and seeing what happens whereas now it 's deeply entwined with chemistry and biology . 
  psychology is also inherently social as well though , even we assume we could describe theoretically cognition physically in terms of neuroscience does n't mean it ceases to be social . 
  language is no different . 
  if we could reduce language to cognition , and cognition to neural behaviour , it would n't detract anything from the project of interpreting the social elements . 
   linguistics will lose a lot of explanatory power if linguists only focus on the cognitive aspects that can be reduced to neuroscience . 
  the point is that all aspects could be reduced to neuroscience , and that the social element would just be the study of the interaction of these aspects across one or more individuals . 
  in an ideal situation in which cognitive science was unravelling precisely how the physical world gives rise to intelligence and consciousness linguistics would n't lose any explanatory power even if it were assume that all linguistic behaviour was reducible to mental states , and all mental states were reducible to physical states of the brain . 
  just because this were the case it would n't mean social factors stop playing a role . 
  yes i am . 
  this is because of huge difference in the objects of study . 
  the `` science '' that qualifies for stem is hard science , which itself studies physical phenomena in a way that tries to devoid it of all psychological elements and simply observe its behaviour . 
  technology and engineering are ultimately just applied science in that their goal is to draw upon this knowledge to manipulate matter to a certain end . 
  the object of the study of mathematics is both a prori , meaning it can not be empirical , and deductive , meaning it does not apply the scientific method . 
  it gets lumped in with stem because an understanding of it is a necessary condition of all scientific study from the early modern period onward . 
  it 's also unusual in that while it is unavoidably subjective its a subject across which are large degree of consensus is found . 
  i agree with most of what you said here , although i fear the notion that science and physics ceased to be dependent on philosophy is somewhat naive . 
  it 's not that the natural sciences ceased to engage philosophy , and in fact we 've seen various philosophical development over the centuries have huge ramifications for the fields . 
  it 's merely that they reached a point where a greater consensus about the ontological nature of the object of study was understood `` well enough '' for the focus to move from problems of conceptualisation to the job of actually doing science . 
  linguistics differs in that no such pragmatic philosophical consensus can currently arise that that would make first order questions about the nature of the object of study less of a focus . 
  there are multiple competing axiomatic premises comprising metaphysical positions in subjects like physics , just as there are in linguistics , all that really differs is the quantity of productive work that can be done without getting into these problems . 
  the problem is that linguistics ca n't really escape reliance on concepts that can be said to be understood the same way as physical objects . 
  sure you can be very empirical and for example , model the use of the continuous aspect in the english language one a chart . 
  but explaining what something like `` aspect '' means can not be achieved without relying on concepts that can not be reduced to purely a physical description of the world . 
  from what i heard it 's because he was the only one who was taking hip-hop seriously in the 90s as anything more than an imported american musical fad . 
  he worked very hard to fight for hip-hop 's place at the table in the uk and had both the understanding of the genre as well as the understanding of the conventional white dominated ( at the time at least ) pop music industry to legitimise the genre and get it playtime on radio and television . 
  this kinda made him the father of hip-hop in the uk , and got him highly respected in the industry and by the artists who were trying to break the quite lucrative uk market . 
  everyone knows he 's just a middle class white boy who sounds like a cheesy bbc radio dj trying to impersonate an urban youth , but his history and love of the genre mean that he basically gets a free pass . 
  most chavs in the south of the uk have this accent , regardless of race . 
  it 's called mle ( multicultural london english ) and has influences from cockney , west indian , and british-indian/pakistani dialects . 
  that said , not the best accent to have if you want to work as a professional . 
  what actually strikes me as most odd , as someone of the generation who was a kid in the 90s , is to hear that accent coming from someone with dreadlocks and a colourful shirt . 
  in the early 00s dressing alternative like that became very taboo in working class communities , it was no longer perceived as being `` street '' . 
  you would still hear people speaking in that fashion in the 00s but they 'd all be wearing sportswear or flashy designer stuff . 
  that look was the antithesis of street when i was growing up and was liable to get you beaten up if you walked around the wrong estate looking like that . 
  by comparison the 90s were surely a heady time of non-conformity . 
  do n't worry i once went into a shop and asked for a monitor instead of umbrella because i 'd conflated the words in my head so you 're not alone . 
  i 'm saying it 's lumped into stem along alongside hard and applied science , but it itself is not a science . 
  i 'm not trying to suggest that thought and language are the same , but they are incredibly interlinked , and the precise interaction is something we do n't fully understand . 
  you need to distinguish between types of mental state . 
  the experience of feeling the sun on your face in the morning is a particular mental state and one that might not seem to directly relate to language , but a mental belief like , say , `` the sky is blue '' is a mental state too . 
  we can analyse this in the sense of a proposition , by definition the truth conditions of a proposition do not language regardless of the medium it is communicated in , but without some medium , i.e language , to express the proposition ; we have no means to communicate it . 
  in fact , in everyday life we rarely differentiate between a piece of language and the proposition that lies behind it . 
  linguistics deals with language , logic with the propositions that lie behind it , but clear there is a huge cross over between the two . 
  by investigating how humans express propositions using language we learn more about the nature of thought itself , but that 's no reason to conflate thought and language . 
  it 's perfectly possible for someone without language to have thoughts . 
  of course it 's infeasible to attempt to give a neuropsychological account of a higher order thought process such as those that give rise to linguistic trends on a social scale , it 's not even feasible with an individual . 
  as of now nobody reason understands how neurology gives rise to thought and perception , but the spirit of cognitive science is that such an account theoretically possible , we 're just lacking the scientific knowledge or correct model by which to conceive of such problems yet . 
  linguistics forms part of a greater body of knowledge that promises to unravel this problem . 
  ultimately , it 's all about what many call the hard problem of consciousness , the more we understand about language the more hints we are given about the structure of thought , which in turn provides us more information that can assist us when trying to model how information is physically manifest in the brain . 
  the end goal is to close the explanatory gap between higher order phenomena like common socio-culture linguistic tendencies and a purely physical description of the universe . 
  no offence mate but what 's baffling is such an incredibly naive understanding of language on a linguistics sub . 
  yes , stem is defined as science , technology , engineering , and mathematics , so obviously maths is a part of stem . 
  the question is why do we identify this notion of stem , what commonality do we perceive between these fields of research that leads us great a word that represents them as a unitary whole . 
  looked at philosophically , maths is a vastly different type of subject from science , technology , or engineering . 
  the object of the study of mathematics is something completely unlike the objects of the former . 
  yet we see stem as holistic in some sense . 
  the question of what `` stem '' actually is runs a lot deeper than the words the acronym stands for . 
  why stem and not ste , or asz ( art sociology and zoology ) or mal ( music , accountancy and law ) . 
  such acronyms are useless as anything else but a shorter way to refer to those combinations of fields for some reason , whereas stem is perceived as related to such a degree as to be unitary and has become common word in everyday parlance . 
  the question of what stem is , can not be answered as tritely as listing the four subjects it is made up of . 
  the question is what do we see as the defining common property of these fields that makes talk about stem meaningful in a say that asz is not . 
  this will answer the question of why a subject like , say , linguistics is n't considered stem i.e why it 's stem and not stelm , and that 's the question i 've been answering in my last bunch posts on the assumption that that was bloody obvious to anyone who reads this sub-reddit . 
  the question is what do science , technology , engineering , and mathematics have in common that makes us think it 's meaningful to talk about stem but not mpls ( music , psychiatry , law , and sociology ) . 
  the question is n't what does stem stand for , else the answer would be as simple as `` linguistics is n't stem because it 's no l in stem '' . 
  the question is what defines stem and why do we see these topics have having a commonality worthy of lumping them together that excludes linguistics . 
   ok , but linguistics and sociology both fall under the umbrella of social science . 
  so linguistics is in the set of things covered by the s in stem . 
  in my experience most people do not include social science in their definition of stem . 
  stem typically refers to the natural sciences , technology , engineering and mathematics . 
   whether something is science , technology , engineering , or mathematics . 
  it 's clearly a far deeper question than that , as most people have said , linguistics is n't considered a stem subject , despite it being a science . 
  evidently your definition is inadequate and we can now move onto the question of what the notion of stem really captures . 
   we do n't . 
  i think perhaps i 'm not understanding the assumptions behind the question . 
  except we do n't , you wo n't see people including sociologists in their definitions of stem graduates , thus the question is a lot more complicated than you 're giving credit . 
  i 've already given my definition of what people consider stem , which is those subjects whose object of study falls on the physical side of the explanatory gap between empirical investigation of physical phenomena and higher order phenomena such as behaviours e.g language . 
  how many hot girls who are completely nauseating people have boyfriends ? 
  how is it any different ? 
  you should be glad strength is a character quality you can work on rather than something you ca n't change . 
  that 's fucking dumb as fuck ... 
   you 're talking to somebody with over 23 dates under his belt . 
  so i think i know a thing or two about how to wrangle a woman, 
  i do n't know if that 's intentional or not but that 's hilarious :d i do n't even know if you 're being serious but it 's brilliant . 
  being a stronger person is n't about joining the red pill cult buddy , most people naturally become stronger more secure personalities as they age , it 's not a lot you 're born with and can not change . 
  the pensioners in spain are actually still a net gain to the economy despite the fact they get subsidised healthcare costs ( as eu citizens they 're entitled to what spaniards get which is public i.e costs shared across society rather than based solely on individual risk ) . 
  those pensions are mostly being paid by british trusts and pension funds to that money is moving into spain . 
  furthermore , obnoxious as it is , britons who settle in spain tend to build enclaves , with access to cheaper building labour and property prices as a priority . 
  thus they tend to fund building projects in somewhat economically deprived regions , they can do this because as pensioners they do n't need to access economic centres , and thus provide a much needed influx of money and support jobs in construction , leisure , and retail . 
  ow ya guna do that when ya do n't speak forun ? 
  i mean to remember britain opting out of the extended deadline for the implementation of freedom of movement with the a8 , which just goes to show that while `` outraged from sunderland '' might think the foruns ' are stealing british jobs and making everyone poorer the british government could n't wait to give the private and public sectors access to those labour pools . 
  that would require for earnings to go up or stay the same while house prices went down ... 
  i ask you , why would house prices go down if average income was rising ? 
  what planet do you live on where what you 've just said makes sense , but frankly it sounds blissfully wonderful . 
  if houses prices drop in the uk we 'll know we 're up shit 's creek without a paddle , because it will mean people are getting poorer and the banks are afraid to lend . 
  if you get what you want you 're not going to like it , because you 'll most likely be trying to pay for that cheaper house with money you 've saved from your jobseeker 's allowance ...
