  whats an england *, 
  just keep speaking french and let them respond in english , i do a similar thing germany . 
  if a british person did this nothing would happen , they 'd probably either agree that she 's an old bag or mumble something apologetic about tradition and bringing tourism . 
  however if you 're foreign they 'd probably think you a massive bellend , although i doubt many people would care enough to have a fight about it . 
  the us military complex scares me quite a lot to be honest . 
  the us army employs so many soldiers it 's as if they 're using it as a work scheme . 
  the amount of money poured into , even accounting for total gdp is quite scary , to think that the us requires that much military funding , in personnel , equipment , technology and r&d to maintain its cultural hegemony is unnerving . 
  i do n't think i 'm naive , i think fighting forces need to exist to maintain the balance of global power , however it scares me that so much of that power lies within the control of us political interests , scares the shit out of me . 
  politically americans seems easy to maneuvre , as evidenced by the seemingly unthinking hero worship that goes on and the crushing of dissent as unpatriotic . 
  it feels like europe collectively moved past the need to be `` patriotic '' after ww2 . 
  not that i do n't respect soldiers , but they 're ultimately just a labour force following the instructions of higher ups , whilst heroic acts in the face of adversity are noble , there is no default nobility in being in a military . 
  i really hope that in the future a national hegemon will not exist , and that a supranational power will take it 's place . 
  i dislike ukip because i want to be part of the eu . 
  i do n't see it as taking away anything of value . 
  european standardisation is useful for business and for the people living in europe . 
  also i think if europe is to have a meaningful future in the global community then it needs to be organised and structured in a unified manner . 
  we do n't lose our culture because cultural identity is something that the eu aims to protect , nobody is going to come to our homes and force us to drink coffee instead of tea or eat bratwurst instead of sausages . 
  we have the option to be an influential player within the european community and i think we should take it . 
  this is something that seems weird to me as well . 
  i 'm english ( well british ) but if you want to get technical afaik i 'm 1/2 irish catholic 1/4 lowland scot and 1/4 northern welsh , although this might not be strictly true given there might some unions that have been forgotten about , this is just how my grandparents ' parents vaguely identified themselves . 
  that said i 'd never think to identify myself as in any way welsh , scottish or irish . 
  as well as the fact that there 's probably some other nationalities in there somewhere down the line . 
  truth is that nationalities are n't really ethnicities , they 're nationalities , once they 're gone they 're gone . 
  the only place where this does n't seem to apply by default is in the minds of people in north america where the vast vast majority of people are technically immigrants . 
  the hyphenated status gets on people 's nerves because i think it pertains to make it seem more important than it ever could be . 
  at best you 're an american of predominantly irish descent , that is to say at least half your family 's lineage is descended from people who were at one time culturally irish . 
  to argue differently is to maintain adequated and racist notions that hold there is something in your blood that links you to a specific region of origin in a far too specific manner . 
  sure you 're a caucasian , but beyond that you 're just a person , you 're not a specific subtype , people from different regions in europe have been fucking each other for far too long for that to be meaningful . 
  your concept of ethnicity is pure bullshit . 
  irish is a cultural identifier , and so is american . 
  once you become one you lose the other . 
  nobody can tell you are irish by looking at you , you could be from anywhere in northern europe . 
  no offense , but as a european i think your concept of ethnicity is bullshit , and what you see as `` fun '' i find mildly offensive . 
  you 're sort of claiming something you 're not entitled to , by your logic , virtually everyone in europe is xxxxx + their nationality . 
  every frenchman spanish-french or german-french or british-french , and so on for everyone in the world . 
  fact is you 're appropriating a culture because you think it makes you seem interesting , but those words should be unique to the people who are still predominantly part of that culture . 
  i would never think of claiming to have anything irish about me , just because a segment of my ancestors came from ireland 200 years ago , it 's long gone erased by integration into english culture , and to claim to be irish-english would be an insult to legitimately irish people who 've participated in the unique irish culture since they were born . 
  i 'll tell you what happened . 
  we saw at school at lunchtime a plane had flown into a building in new york , we watched for about 10 minutes during the break and nobody even cared , this was in the uk mind you . 
  at that point to us it was just another wacky thing that happened in america . 
  no different to a school shooting or the omaha bombing , just another news story . 
  then later that day when i got back from school my parents were watching it on tv and regular service on bbc 1 has been cancelled for constant coverage . 
  it was only then that i saw that the buildings had actually gone down . 
  that is when we realised it was a pretty big news story , i remember my dad saying something along the line of `` the americans are going to lose their shit over this , they 're not used to being touchable '' , and to be fair he was quite accurate . 
  then we continued our lives as normal , it was good weather at the time , probably went and played football or cricket in the garden . 
  the next day everyone talked about it but it did n't seem to effect us greatly . 
  no one really expected the way it would spiral into crazy upping of national security in the us , justification for war in the middle east and so on . 
  i 've visited america 3 times as a child but i have n't been back since 9/11 so i ca n't really know how things changed . 
  the good thing about being 25-30 i think is that we were the first mainstream tech generation . 
  i was about 9 years old when our family got their first computer , something that we 'd put off hoping it would n't become a necessity because it was expensive . 
  at first we did n't have internet , just a word processor and a printer . 
  i used to play heroes of might and magic with my friends on it by constantly changing seats when it was your turn . 
  we also had a snes which was fucking awesome and we 'd play mario kart and street fighter for hours until someone got in an argument and a fight broke out . 
  over the summer holiday me and my brother would play games then get into childish fights virtually everyday . 
  the school tried to sell us an `` encyclopedia '' that came on about 10 floppy discs . 
  soon we had to get some confusing item called a modem and basic dial up service , which my parents complained about as another bill that was being foisted upon us and questioned its necessity . 
  to be honest as kids we barely used this at first , all it was good for was getting help with homework . 
  you could n't get on the phone whilst it was in use so going on for more than an hour was not allowed , it was also charged at a rate per minute . 
  it was slow as well , and search engines were using crappy basic algorithms that could land you on any old shitty web 1.0 site that would burn your eyes out with garish fonts and colour schemes . 
  next thing i remember is looking for porn on kazza and downloading stuff a few years later , these were porn images , videos might take hours at a few kb 's per second . 
  even then it was still something that you went on for an hour or two tops . 
  it was n't until i was finishing school that the internet became more than just a side show . 
  broadband started coming in , so we could go on anytime , youtube was invented and decent video streaming . 
  it was n't until university that i truly started to see the modern internet , playing vanilla wow , downloading and streaming every piece of tv or film i 'd ever wanted to see and letting my television go unused in the corner of my room . 
  phones were another thing that was completely different , i did n't get my first mobile until i was about 13 , it was pay as you go with top-up credit , it did n't even play games and had a limited memory for saving numbers . 
  i had about 20 contacts at best . 
  writing a text on the thing was a bloody nightmare because the display was so small . 
  a year or so later i upgraded to a basic nokia that could play snake and made texting easier , it was amazing just to be able to make a phone call to your parents and tell them when and where to pick you up without having to make set in stone arrangements before going out . 
  until last year i did n't even have a smart phone on the grounds they were a pain in the ass to look after , now i see that they 've come a long way . 
  problem is kids now they 're straight onto ipads and other `` user friendly '' devices , their view of technology is much more purpose driven , press a view buttons and get a video or whatever , but they have n't had to work hard to get there . 
  the convenience is taken so much for granted . 
  it makes me wonder how something like reddit will survive 15 years in the future , because the format does n't have the bells and whistles of many mainstream sites , there 's a lot of text and you have to figure out concepts like subreddits etc. 
  if you 're born with an ipad and your parents ' itune 's account then you might end up totally disinterested in dealing with something like reddit . 
  really mature . 
  having green eyes and liking guinness gives you no right to call yourself an irish-american . 
  it helps to be irish . 
  jfk never heard of calf raises obviously, 
  no way , you 're all a meatball like thing made of pork offal, 
  it 's nonsense to say the majority of laws are n't made here . 
  not only because the uk has influence in the eu , and because most of the law is either made in the courts or by parliament . 
  it 's only wider issues like european standarisation that is important for the eu , and is absolutely a good thing for economy . 
  i ca n't see any reason to fear immigration from the eu bar xenophobia , especially with the new rules on benefits . 
  people will come here and work contributing to the economy or they 'll go back home . 
  honestly i think people have an unrealistic belief that people in other parts of the eu are just desperate to be here , frankly we 're no more desirable than many other eu member states . 
  apart from western ukraine and perhaps a few other eastern european nations with very small populations i ca n't see anyone else joining the eu , certainly not enough people to make a difference . 
  turkey certainly wo n't join with the political situation there . 
  beyond that there 's no possibility of countries joining the eu because they are n't geographically in the eu . 
  the pros of being part of the eu are immense for business , as well as for british citizens who want to work and travel abroad . 
  to be honest i do n't think there is a real possibility of the eu , it 's just a bunch of political bluster . 
  if we did the consequences would be disastrous , not only for britons abroad but also for employment , companies would pull out of the uk and we 'd be left as an irrelevancy whilst scandinavia , france and germany filled the void . 
  britain is already falling massively behind wealthy european members but holding on the outmoded ideas about how business works in the 21st century , virtually all our money is made in the city of london which is terrible for the overall british population , leaving the eu would do nothing but exaggerate this leaving us as nothing more than a relic of the past . 
  to be fair i 'm really endorsing struggle . 
  i 'm just concerned about how the ease of access will effect online behaviour as younger and younger users become more influential . 
  to be fair brb was worse , although the genius of white bear saved the whole 2nd series . 
  i feel bad for you , but is this really a british problem ? 
  i would categorise this as merely a problem . 
  i 'm a briton who studies german , i like it because it 's inherently logical . 
  the rules are explicit . 
  also unlike french it 's relatively easy to pick out the sounds ( although only hochdeutsch , if you start speaking dialect you might as well be speaking mandarin ) . 
  i want to learn french and german , because i 'm british and i want to act superior to both the french and the germans .
