  what were then seen as innocent actions now look overly sexualised and inappropriate . 
  for example , in the sixties , it would n't have been considered weird to have a relatively skimpily glad teenage girl get up and dance on a stage in front of an audience largely consisting of middle aged men . 
  child beauty pageants were much more normalised as well . 
  the tv hosts too all look way to be old for the job and seem like creepy uncles . 
  to be fair i did had disclaimer that it depends on the criteria someone uses for correct , if you 're using the grammar and style required for publication in much of europe then what i say is correct . 
  i tell people to remember that this is not applicable to real life so often i feel like a broken record . 
  my job is actually at a university , so the stakes are high and the students need to know how to write in a way that wo n't lose them any marks in their essays . 
  i do n't think was treating op like a ten year old at all ... if you look i started :, 
   op , it depends on what criteria you are using for `` correct '' . 
  and finished :, 
   this brings me to the point about the criteria for correct though . 
  english speakers are n't perfect in how they follow the prescriptive rules of their language . 
  plenty of dialects neglect the perfect tense at times . 
  i would n't beat yourself up about this if you 're not trying to write academic or official english . 
  i do n't really know what more you expect me to do . 
  the thing is people mostly come here because they want to know what is acceptable in formal / academic writing . 
  i do n't want to eulogise to them any more than necessary . 
  one thing i will say is that i think many people in linguistics get the cart before the horse sometimes in thinking if that we could educate people to understand that linguistic difference is n't wrong and somehow inferior that we 'd somehow undo the world 's woes , when in fact these notions about prescriptive correctness are symptoms rather than the cause . 
  i think maybe ford wants it to go wrong . 
  maybe he wants to finish arnold 's life work by setting the hosts free . 
  we have seen his contempt for human intelligence . 
  maybe ford 's beef with arnold was that he wanted a benevolent human like ai , whereas ford wants an ai that will supplant the human race . 
  many companies are 90 % koolaid . 
  look at something like ted and tedx, 
  to be fair there are people to go to at the university for that . 
  my job is to help non-native english speakers , and occasionally native speakers , who are struggling with academic writing to get their work to snuff . 
  they need to go to the linguistics department for that . 
  as i said , i do try to educate my students that prescriptivism is bad , but i also have to be pragmatic and give them what they want , which is prescriptive instructions for academic writing . 
  yes used to be common in those places but has fallen of practice to a large degree due to change in medical practice . 
  back in the mid 20th century doctors were basically rushing to cut off anything they felt was unnecessary , which is why so many children back had their tonsils out , whereas today it 's considered a more drastic option . 
  circumcision was popular in the uk up until about the 60s i believe , but attitudes changed , maybe because in mainland europe it was never really a thing outside specific religious communities . 
  do n't know if you quite fully understand that medical condition . 
  if it looks like an elephant trunk trying to snort an apple then that would suggest it was relatively loose and open at the end , which is how a healthy penis should look , the skin covers the head but it relatively easily retracted . 
  this acts as a protect layer on the gland ( bellend ) . 
  if it looks more like an anteater trying to snort an apple , that 's when you 've got phimosis , which is defined by the foreskin being unretractable , at least without great discomfort and risk of damage . 
  also americans are the most likely western nation to be circumcised i believe . 
  as it 's fallen out of favour in the rest of the west . 
  this problem goes both way fyi . 
  girls who 've never seen an uncircumcised dick will undoubtedly go for more a rubbing rather than pulling technique , which is n't that good if you 've got a foreskin . 
  op why on earth would you want to remove forms of `` to be '' in from your writing ? 
  it concerns me deeply that you 'd ever feel the need to do this as there is absolutely nothing wrong with using the verb `` to be '' . 
  in fact it functions as an auxiliary verb to form the passive voice in english ( he is heard , he has been heard etc. 
  ) , not to mention the only way to express the continuous aspect ( he is running , he has been running , he will be running etc. ) . 
  whoever has told you to do this is a lunatic . 
  the only way to achieve this really is to avoid the continuous aspect and the passive completely . 
  you have to work only with what are often called the `` simple tenses '' and the active voice ( i go , i went , i have gone , i had gone , i will go , i will have gone ) . 
  the sentences you have would have to be reconstructed using only those tenses , making them very unnatural . 
  assertions of identity and adjective phrases would have to be clumsily avoided by using things like forms of `` to have '' and genitive phrases etc. 
   charizard 's argument could be strengthened by stating that catching pokemon is justified , not only in the wild but in safaris as well . 
   charizard 's argument could be strengthened by asserting his belief in the justifiable nature of pok\u00e9mon catching , not only in the wild but in safaris as well . 
   charizard is more susceptible to water types than electric types . 
   charizard has a greater susceptibility to water than electric types, 
   one solution charizard mentions is called `` poke lives matter '' ( plm ) . 
   charizard mentions a solution called `` pok\u00e9 lives matter '' ( plm ) . 
  please explain why you are trying to do this though ? 
  sounds like whoever told you to do so is a terrible writer and a hack who does n't know anything about the english language . 
  this is entirely my own personal opinion , but my solution to this is to avoid it . 
  logically a statement like your example irks me no end . 
  the conjunction `` and '' basically asserts that the arguments you mention come along with the theme , that they are part of the same package . 
  so what is true of them is true of the subject of your main clause too . 
  using your example i would basically ask myself :, 
  is it true that `` the arguments associated with it [ the theme of individualism ] are most present in the song ` direction ' '' ? 
  if yes then use an essential phrase . 
  this is just my own personal preference , however , because it avoids any reader from being upset by the sentence regardless of which verb they feel is appropriate in a non-essential clause like yours . 
  personally i think the non-essential clause/phrase is overused . 
  especially with conjunctions as in your example . 
  there seems to be a myth that a non-essential clause/phrase conveys some important logical distinction . 
  it does not . 
  all your use of commas does in the above sentence is signify to your readers that the information contained in the non-essential clause is not as directly significant as the information outside of it . 
  frankly , your readers are probably smart enough to figure this out for themselves . 
  to put this another way , whether your clause is essential or non-essential , your are still asserting that the arguments are present in the song , all you are really doing is telling your readership what to regard as important . 
   but that changes a shade of meaning in the sentence because then the arguments would no longer be auxiliary to ( outside ) the song but also explicitly in it along with the theme of individualism . 
  this is nothing more than a myth . 
  op 's sentence clearly states that that the arguments associated with the theme of individualism are ** present in ** the song . 
  all the commas achieve is telling the reader that this information , which states the arguments are in the song , is non-essential . 
  not for those words that are spelt with a vowel first but sound like a consonant e.g `` a eulogy '' . 
  they have very different meanings . 
  the grammar is very different in each sentence and means something different in each case . 
  however , your confusion is partially arising from the relatively uncommon nature of your first example . 
  in english it 's quite unusual to use the verb `` to hurt '' intransitively with a human subject . 
  this is far more common when referring to either a body part , e.g my foot hurts , or referring somewhat abstractly to the pain itself , e.g it hurts ! . 
  people do n't usually say things like `` i hurt '' or `` she hurts '' , to express this we 'd typically use the phrase `` in pain '' . 
  however , when we use the verb `` to hurt '' transitively it is often combined with a human subject , e.g i hurt him , i hurt myself , i hurt my foot , and so on . 
  ok , so moving to the grammar . 
  what you 've got in these sentences are what we might call `` false '' zero conditionals . 
  the zero conditional in english is used for stating law like relationships . 
  the zero conditional emphasises that the relationship between the two events described by the two clauses is n't one of `` this happens , and then the other follows '' is stresses that the two events are intrinsically linked . 
  an example of this might be `` if mass increases then gravity increases '' or `` if water reaches 100 degrees centigrade at sea level it boils '' . 
  we say this instead of `` if mass increases then gravity will increase '' to stress the lawful relationship between the two events , gravity does n't `` will/want '' to increase when mass increases , it increases by necessity . 
  however , neither of your statements are true conditionals because in both cases the 2nd clause `` tell the nurse '' is in the imperative voice . 
  instructions are given in the form of conditionals ( if clause + main clause ) , however , they are n't really conditions because they assert a very different state of affairs . 
  `` if the house falls then you will fall with it '' expresses a relationship between two events in which if one happens the other will automatically follow . 
  while a statement like `` if you drink beer , eat some food '' implies that in the case that you drink beer then you should eat some food . 
  that 2nd clause is still dependent on your volition though , the speaker is just strongly recommending a course of action . 
  all you examples are like this ; none are true conditionals . 
  let 's look at three examples :, 
   if you kill , see the nurse, 
  this is like your first example , it means that if you do x in the future then you should do y. 
   if you are killed , see the nurse, 
  this is a passive construction , it means that if someone does x to you in the future then you should do y.
