  a compromised position that would please the majority of moderate leave and remain voters alike , leave the fringes dissatisfied . 
  a win-win on both sides is that it would safeguard both the uk and eu economies ( although this win is bigger for the uk ) . 
  in return the eu gets the uk out of the way of further federalisation , removes a serial vetoer from its ranks , but also signals to other countries that the cost of leaving is losing your voice within the eu project , and therefore that if you do leave you 'll still end up paying heavily to stay in the single market , which should discourage other governments from having referendums even if it does n't silence the populists . 
  i think she 's trying to say that this is the option , or it 's hard brexit with all the strife that infers , and she 's waiting to see what the eu are going to do . 
  i think there are only two really viable options for theresa may . 
  i 'm actually starting to think that hard brexit is the worst option for the eu . 
  it will take an economic hit ( not as badly as the uk will of courses ) , but the real dangers is that long term it will legitimise and set a precedent for full eu exit strategies , as the uk will eventually recover , markets will adapt to new regulatory environment , and even if the uk ends up counterfactually poorer than it would 've been in 10 years time , nobody will care as long as it gets itself back to the level of a respectable functioning moderately wealthy european economy , and then it will be played off as a success . 
  there 's also the danger of martyring the uk , by blaming the economic ramification of a hard brexit on the eu 's unwillingness to sign a trade deal , the eu will be in awkward position . 
  if it does n't restrict trade with the uk when it brexits then it wo n't send a message to other countries about the consequences of exit , however refusing to sign a trade deal can make them look like the bad guy as unemployment and poverty increases in the uk . 
  right wing and eurosceptic voices are going to call brexit a success regardless of the reality . 
  theresa may can hide behind the democratic mandate she was given by the people , and call the eu anti-democratic for making it more difficult for her to implement their will . 
  i suspect the uk government may be signalling they 're going for a hard brexit simply because its their greatest threat to the eu they can throw about . 
  when in a reality , if theresa may gets a compromise then she 'll walk out looking spotless , pleasing the more moderate leavers and remainers , and only excluding the fringes , thus ending the divide this referendum has caused and coming off a hero . 
  all she 's possibly trying to ensure is that she gets the best compromise possible , with the priorities being single market access , passporting , and immigration controls . 
  although i get the feeling that immigration controls is what she 'll concede as long as she get some `` bread and circuses '' style allowances that she can hold up to the leave brigade as a success . 
  the tories do n't really want less immigration because it means economic growth , but they have to play along for the masses . 
  the eu gets the uk out of the way of its ever growing closer union and economy goes back to business and usual . 
  anyway , it 's either that or hard brexit , and i personally think the consequences of hard brexit are too horrific to be considered , but you never know , may might not be able to get the eu to give enough and just say fuck it and call their bluff , it 's ridiculous when millions of lives will be affected , but there it is . 
  i ca n't tell if you 're being serious , but i 'm going assume you are . 
   is this not a good thing ? 
  absolutely not . 
   imports become too expensive , so maybe we 'll start developing our own industries and stop importing stuff we can make here . 
  it does n't work that way , and that 's not what it 's about . 
  the uk ** does ** develop its own industries , however those industries are generally dependent on other industries , we do n't produce raw materials , we take refined materials from other nations and innovate them into . 
  most of the uk 's money is in high skill jobs because we are a highly educated country when it comes to the global average . 
  british exporters like bae contract with companies all over the world to produce parts , which they put together to create a finished product . 
  they do n't benefit because they still have to buy those materials in to make their finished product . 
  uk manufacturing is almost entirely high up in the production chain . 
  it 's the same for the all highly developed nations . 
  the difference between the uk and say germany however is that the uk runs a trade deficit . 
  when you produce more than you import the cost of more expensive imports does not outweigh the gains you get from the products you sell being less expensive on the global market . 
  however getting rid of a trade deficit is really fucking complicated . 
  devaluing the pound and expecting it all to be sorted straight away off the back the lowered costs is just insanity . 
  it would take decades to ween the uk economy back to a trade surplus , because high end manufacturing is a very competitive industry , and let 's not kid ourselves into believe that the germans or the french ca n't do anything we can do . 
   i went to buy onions the other day and it said they were from israel !, 
  why the fuck are we going to israel to get onions ?? 
  because buying onions from israel allow you get more onions per pound than you would if those onions were grown in the uk . 
  seriously , you are showing total ignorance of economics , we pay israel for the onions , you get cheaper onions in the supermarket , and then israel gives us that money back when they buy our services . 
  money going out is not a problem , because it comes back , that 's why the uk is one of the wealthier nations in the world and our economy is growing , because ultimately more comes in that goes out . 
  it 's basic economics , the greater the diversification of labour the more efficient the system becomes , israeli farmers allow britons to do other stuff they 're more suited to , and consequently everyone , universally , gets richer in real terms i.e how much stuff your wages will buy you . 
   we should be a lot more competitive when it comes to exporting , given that the stuff we do make here will be cheaper for foreigners to buy . 
  yes , and the sensible way to do that would be to introduce economic stimulus to the economy so we reduce our trade deficit , although some might question why you 'd do that when your economy is growing anyway . 
  services are a perfectly good thing to sell , no better than physical exports . 
  in fact the beauty of selling services is that you are n't so dependent of on imports from poorer nations , you can just sit down and sell your skills instead , but countries are only legally allowed to sell each other services easily when they are operating , just like in the eu . 
  so we 've just screwed the very thing we were invested in . 
   should also increase our tourism as a cheaper holiday destination . 
  tourism is a relatively minuscule part of the uk economy . 
  especially when you consider this only affects internal tourism , i.e people from outside the uk coming to the uk to take advantage of the weak pound . 
  tourism industries that sell to britons or sell globally are all harmed because their cost operating outside the uk go up dramatically . 
  there are smaller uk tourism companies going broke right now , because they were n't protected from brexit with enough currency reserves . 
  ultimately tourism is a shitty game to be in as a major economic investment . 
  places like greece devalued their currency for years before the eu and relied on tourism , but it 's hardly like it brought them any real prosperity , in fact it made them economically stagnate . 
  just skate at night . 
  get a light if it makes you feel safer . 
  you can always restrict your skating to quieter areas . 
  hmm i think it makes a big difference when it 's a high profile rich country like the uk , when compared to greece , especially when that economic hardship is directly cause by the absence of trade deals , and especially when the reason for the absence of those trade deals is due to a `` democratic '' decision . 
  greece is just assumed to be poor , and their poverty is widely construed as their own fault . 
  however , the uk does n't have that image . 
  sure the pro eu thinkers might see the economic consequences of brexit as the fault of britain , but it 's not the them that i 'm talking about . 
  the uk will use its sizable soft power propagate an anti-eu narrative in places like the us and commonwealth , and would legitimise euroscepticism every effectively imo . 
  merry christmas you ~ ~ dirty ~ ~ filthy animal . 
  i seem to remember when this was new and i think someone did some research and found out that person involved father was actually just a modestly rich business owner and that the guy was n't a lawyer . 
  people with serious wealth do n't flaunt it but spoilt upper middle class kids from the suburbs try to front like they do . 
  yeah , it seems to be a complex some upper middle class kids get . 
  i guess it 's because rich kids hang around other rich kids , and inevitably end up feeling inadequate when they see what some kids have , for example trust fund , set for life , job from daddy etc. 
  so they try to pretend like they 're from real money ( 200m + style upper class society ) when really they 're their parents just have a few million in the bank and do n't mind sharing it with them . 
  ironically it makes them really stand out as trying to hard to anyone with a brain . 
  in my experience the obscenely rich generally do n't like to talk about it because they 've grown up with people telling them its a security risk to tell anyone too much information . 
  obviously they ca n't pretend to be poor , but they 'd rather leave people guessing than actually reveal how rich they actually are . 
  yes , but britain will be unable to afford as many german cars statistically . 
  a tariff will mean a drop in sale , and and industries were a few percent can means billions of euros . 
  i do n't think the eu is not remotely afraid of brexit from an economic standpoint as the uk should be . 
  nonetheless , losing 10 % of their export market in britain would still be a significant loss economically . 
  i 'm trying to be fair here . 
  i think what 's been massively exaggerated in the public mind is the economic ramifications of brexit for the eu . 
  brexit wo n't lose them that much . 
  because we run a trade deficit with them they 'll benefit from the tariffs while we 'll be harmed by it . 
  however , what i think has been overlooked is the long term threat a post-hard brexit poses to the eu . 
  i think what most people miss is that brexit can still be a disaster and in 10 years time it 'll all be buried . 
  the uk will inevitably recover a modicum of prosperity as markets adapt . 
  even if the economy is weaker than it would 've been if we 'd stayed , nobody will care because that 's a counterfactual , and people do n't take alternative histories seriously . 
  there will be ideological conflict between the eu and uk for years , perhaps decades to come , and britain will be held up as a success story ( regardless of reality ) , in order to legitimise the act of leaving the eu by eurosceptics for years to come . 
  oh and where are you from where the people are so pure and innocent then ? 
  fully delusional . 
  the uk 's car industry failed because while japan and germany were making sleek modern cars with fuel efficiency and reliability we were trying to recreate the success of the morris minor sticking mahogany dashboards and quirky classic body shapes on everything . 
  watch any documentary on the car industry of the era and you 'll see precisely why the uk 's export markets failed , it 's because we so often made overpriced crap that was n't actually that good . 
  there are no macedonian conquerors !, 
  all i 'm saying is that hard brexit is probably actually worse for the eu than remain or soft brexit . 
  britain is hardly remained the same for centuries . 
  britain is actually pretty progressive as nations come . 
  do n't know why you 're bringing up historical legacy in current affairs . 
  yes and no , you can say `` people will still buy bmw '' but ultimately they wo n't simply out of necessity , even if the drop in sales does n't correlate directly with the increase in price to british customers . 
  damn it 's been while . 
  it 's nothing to do with denial , britain outside the eu would be problematic for the eu . 
  the eu needs to signal to members that leaving the eu is a bad idea . 
  protecting the integrity union is top of their agenda . 
  in hard brexit scenario the eu 's ability to signal that dependent on its ability to economically restrict the uk through tariffs , which will move business overseas and increases costs for british businesses . 
  it 's an ugly scenario , and as markets adapt their ability to do this becomes limited . 
  the eu does n't need an ugly scenario . 
  point is that it 's in the eu 's interests for all this to go away as soon as possible , and we should n't underestimate that .
