  it 's not about whether they are officially baptists or recognised by baptist organisation groups , it 's merely the fact that they consider themselves baptists to some degree , otherwise they would n't have it in their name . 
  consequently , they 're liable to follow a baptist fashion of worship . 
  including kjb . 
  separate from that though , the general trend is for more puritanical xtian sects to adopt modern translations , and the puritans tend to be the more crazy ones . 
  considering switzerland have some pretty massive lakes , yes . 
   does n't mean that they are , though . 
  you can name yourself whatever you want , and north korea can name itself democratic people 's republic of korea and not be democratic . 
  and it 's not just that all the major baptist conventions do n't officially recognize them , they actively condemn their beliefs and actions as not having anything to do with baptism . 
  whether they are or not is n't really what 's a stake . 
  if they call themselves baptists means they are influenced by baptist traditions and modes of worship . 
  the fact that other baptist churches hate them , and they hate other baptist churches , does n't really matter . 
  not really a true paradox , but that fact that the preposition : `` all knowledge is either synthetic a posterori or analytic a priori '' can not meet its own criteria has always fascinated me . 
  it basically comes from a school of philosophy that was highly influenced by science , and wanted to reduce the world down to facts about the world we learn from experience , and tautological truths ( true by definition ) in the form of statements like `` a = a '' or `` all bachelors are unmarried men '' . 
  it 's got a lot of appeal as a concept , because it makes everything though simple , in order for knowledge to be valid it must either be something we 've arrived at inductively through experiencing the world e.g discovering that `` all men are mortal '' by checking the mortality of every human beings . 
  stuff we ca n't know just by sitting at home and thinking about . 
  or it must be true by definition , stuff like 2 +2 = 4 . 
  if you know the definition of 2 , the definition of + , the definition of = , and the definition of 4 , then you can know that 2 +2 = 4 . 
  we do n't employ mathematicians to sit around repeating problems just in case under some conditions 2 +2 = 5 , therefore we do n't need to run numerous tests to know this fact . 
  sadly , the world refuses to fall into this neat categorisation , and there are tonnes of things we think we know that wo n't fall into this category . 
  seeing the failure of this attempt really made me broaden my horizons and stop being just an arrogant reductionist materialist , and made me realise that we really have n't got everything as figured out as many people assume . 
  especially epistemological questions . 
  just a bit of harmless fun . 
  probably got paid for it too . 
  not much , but paid . 
  at very least he got a free holiday out of it . 
  you 're just wrong here my friend . 
  scots english , the language , and scottish accents , are very different . 
  as an english person i can understand 99 % of what the average person with a scottish accent says , because it 's standard british english just with a different accent and the occasional regionalism thrown in . 
  scots english the language has very few speakers in scotland , and even that i can understand maybe 80 % of what is said , because english and scots are highly related languages . 
  now , standard british english and standard american english are incredibly similar to the point where speakers of each dialect can understand each other better than either could understand people within their own country that speak a version that reflects a less standard version of english ( e.g appalachian or geordie ) . 
  the real difference between the standard american and british forms are spelling , pronunciation , and incredibly slight grammar changes ( e.g i never saw it , being acceptable in ame , and i have n't got it , being acceptable in british english ) . 
  bre has some irregular verbs that ame generally lacks ( spelt , learnt , etc. ), 
  and ame has a few bre lacks ( dove , fit , etc. ), 
  ultimately learning via duolingo wo n't make a slight bit of difference to how your english turns out , and duo is pretty good at accepting bre formulations as correct alternative answers . 
  no they 're not . 
  scots tends to be spoken in more rural areas . 
  just because it 's a thick accent you find difficult does n't mean its scots english . 
  scots english is [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cenbkhs3mny ) . 
  yes , there is a bit of a spectrum in some places , but the vast majority of scottish people are well into english with an accent territory . 
  [ this interview is amazing ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jjc3ycs_2js ), 
  london is a leech ? 
  london is a huge chunk of the uk economy . 
  it leeches talent , the upwardly mobile people , and resources precisely because it is so vastly more successful and huge than any uk city . 
  it makes no sense to spend money building a motorway in cornwall because it wo n't benefit the country as much as building a new one near london to increase the pool of people who can readily commute into the city . 
  yes , at times things have been mismanaged , in the post-war period birmingham had a gdp per capita equal to that of london and look what happened there . 
  however , the motivation for a lot of the changes that hurt birmingham financially were motivated by a desire to push prosperity north where there 's been poverty for hundreds of years . 
  it was n't just the londoncentric tories but also the labour party trying to spread wealth more evenly over the country than inadvertently made london the only truly relevant city in the uk . 
  also being manufacturing based birmingham probably could n't have been saved unless the government had managed to make the uk 's automotive and heavy industry profitable again . 
  manchester is now doing pretty well , but you ca n't compare it to london with a population under a million and a conurbation of only about 2-2 .5 million people . 
  the london conurbation has over 11 million people for comparison . 
  to be fair , some areas that do quite well voted for leave too . 
  just because london tends to suck upwardly mobile and educated people away from the areas was n't the only reason the uk turned anti-eu . 
  there 's definitely a massive generation divide at work here too . 
  it 's considered a language in most linguistic circles . 
  i went to `` fee paying '' school in the 90s and early 00s , football was allowed to be played during breaks , but beyond 11 years old there was no school football team and no effort made to include it as a school sport . 
  the rule was simply that football could be played recreationally but could never be a school sport . 
  this was a school that had rugby , cricket , field hockey , waterpolo , sailing , tennis , squash , and badminton teams . 
  football was only played 5-a-side indoors during pe if the weather meant that we could n't do anything else as a sort of time killer . 
  the mentality was very much that football was n't a gentleman 's game and was n't taken seriously as a school sport despite the fact many of the students were huge football fans and played it every day during break . 
  this guy is wrong in one respect . 
  the term soccer was n't created as an insult . 
  it was created for the same reason the name rugger was created , as a sort of short hand language that marked you as one of us . 
  it came to be spoken with a kind of insulting tone only later on , when the working classes ' dominance within football tarred the game with a working class association , and made it fashionable to be dismissive of it amongst the upper and middle classes . 
  except the vast majority of people in the uk would 've gone to secondary modern or `` state schools '' . 
  although while more geared towards people going into a trade the people in secondary modern would study the same curriculum as those in grammar schools . 
  the only real difference being that grammar schools would offer things like latin , more modern languages , they might study 3 science o-levels instead of a combined science qualification . 
  a secondary modern would offer more things like woodworking , car mechanics , cooking , and domestic science . 
  everyone took the same maths , english , french , geography , history etc. 
  the real difference was the mentality and the expectations . 
  the lower tier of schools had fewer expectations and teaching more aimed as pulling every through the exams . 
  the higher tier expected good grades and taught accordingly . 
  in germany they have 3 tiers of school . 
  when you 're around 10 they decide if you 're going to go to gymnasium , aimed at university , realschule , which aims at getting your into a more practical higher education course ( e.g nursing ) or professional vocation , and hauptschule , that aims at getting your a vocation such as a skilled labourer . 
  this was really no different , and much less harsh than the german system . 
  within the secondary modern/grammar system ultimately you were n't excluded from anything , you could go to secondary modern , get good grades and choose the right subjects , and still go to uni . 
  in the german system you 're basically out of the running unless you manage to switch part way through or reeducate yourself as an adult . 
  you ca n't see anyone as getting an unfair advantage from a grammar school , after all it is free to attend and based entirely on meritocracy . 
  no , a boston accent would be saw-kah . 
  typical yanks sound like sah-kerrr, 
  - r is used in many non-rhotic accents ( do n't say - r unless a vowel sound follows ) as a linking sound , similar to the way french will use the pronounce silent letter at the end of the word to link two words and prevent a break in the flow of speech . 
  this can occur when an - r is present , as in `` bugger off '' buh-guh-roff , and when it 's not `` idea of '' eye-dee-uh-rov, 
  english people also using linking and intrusive - r , you guys are doing it right !, 
  no they would n't . 
  in boston accents - o is pronounced like saw or law would be said by a british person . 
  it 's the rest of the us that pronounce - o like `` ah '' , the non-rhotic east coast accents pronounced with a rounded vowel like most english speakers outside of north america would . 
  typically boston accents would pronounce a short - o vowel with a rounded open-mid back vowel / \u0254 / . 
  people do n't seem to see that non-rhotic accents resist the father-bother merger , because that would mean cart-cot-caught would merge and that could impede communication , which is probably why it 's been resisted so far . 
  your ipa / \u028a\u0251 / is wrong , [ \u02c8s\u028a\u0251k\u0259 ] would probably understood as sewerka, 
  this is [ the vowel ] ( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/open-mid_back_rounded_vowel ), 
  sawker makes perfect sense to me in my accent . 
  there is no - w sound in sawker just as there is no - w sound in saw . 
  sawk and sock would be pronounced with different vowels in many accents . 
  if you pronounce them the same it 's because your accent suffers from what is known as the caught-cot merger . 
  a vowel shift that affects most the us and canada but not east coast americans and canadians , the british and commonwealth countries . 
  there 's no such thing as glottal - o. . . glottal means a sound is a produced in the glottis , and your glottis is n't capable of producing a vowel . 
  your glottis ' function is literally to stop the flow of air , and is often used by londoners to replace - t , as in butter `` bu-uh '', 
  most the us merges don and dawn . 
  it would also merge con cawn and calm if cawn were a word . 
  this is a combination of the father-bother merger and the caught-cot merger . 
  they use a vowel called the unrounded open back vowel / \u0251 / .
