  this in a sense makes it `` eligible '' as a bridging sound . 
  british english in general is more adverse to glottal stops between words , which many american dialects feature , perhaps because of cultural proximity to france , perhaps because america had a decent number of german immigrants , or maybe because many british english dialects use glottal stops to represent - t. not a question you can really answer . 
  dashcon was ruined by the organisers , rainfurrest by the attendees . 
  what other angle , that 's pretty much what i said . 
  he 's a producer and the show is planet earth but details . 
  do n't worry , all generations look back at people in the past as dumb old stuff . 
  it 's not a nice thing to point out but the woman in the video did sound a bit `` rough '' , and seemed a bit too adept at making a drama , trying to put her in the right using any means possible , including lying about the age of her son . 
  i doubt it 's the first time she 's encountered anti-social behaviour . 
  still , they certainly do n't deserve to be abused by pink shirted cunts . 
   as an intellectually challenged american, 
  ftfu, 
  yep , every word , the reason you do n't understand is because you have n't pushed yourself of your linguistic bubble enough . 
  it 's a mixed bag . 
  it 's really not that hard to get into a fight with a chav in that town . 
  i 'm sorry , but if you say stupid things that 's the conclusion people will make . 
  worst of all , there are quasi-legitimate research institutes like the schiller institute that actually have money and influence that push this conspiracy bullshit . 
  the same institutes also have very spurious attitudes towards modern economic theory , the anglosphere , and judaism . 
  they 're essentially radically left wing german/european nationalists that try to push the narrative that establishments in britain , and america , and the jews have conspired to rule the world . 
  they dress it all up in left wing political ideology but they 're really just pseudo-intellectual cultists like scientologists , but a bit more political . 
  yeah , and he needs to fucking go . 
  we already have one hard brexit party and need a fucking opposition . 
  i had some sympathy for him when i thought he might come out in favour of a soft brexit , but in reality i think he just wanted a hardest brexit to really fuck the country so he can rebuild it in his socialist image , which is n't appealing at all . 
  clowns to the left of me , jokers to the right . 
  both of them seem to want to destroy what we have and rebuild it in their own image . 
  that `` 11 year old '' is 14 , just so you know . 
  the woman forgot a few years to make his behaviour seem even more atrocious than it was , which was frankly unnecessary as it was atrocious enough !, 
  never seen people embroiled in anti-social behaviour ? 
  lots of people alter the truth to try to get the upper hand in a shouting match like that . 
  people are amazingly self-justifying . 
  it 's all about trying to gain moral high ground and appear more like a victim . 
  it 's like when people scream they 've got a medical condition when they do n't when they get arrested , even when they do n't . 
  it 's about gaining power through controlling the public perception of the narrative . 
  it was completely unnecessary given they were clearly the victims , and i do n't blame her given it was an instinctive reaction to being under threat , but nevertheless , we should report the truth and while she might have screamed he was 11 he was actually 14 , and probably far more adult looking and mentally able to handle the situation than a lot of people are assuming . 
  content quality is just going through the roof right now ... 
  probably because he 's been around the block . 
  he was wildly successful and has consistently entertained since , he probably does n't need to work and only does what he wants to do . 
  yes , they are different in every language . 
  english omits reflexive objects a lot when it 's idiomatically obvious to english what the object is . 
  you have to distinguish reflexivity from transitive/intransitive though . 
  some verbs lend themselves to transitivity because of the nature of the action e.g hit , some obviously lend themselves to intransitivity because because of the nature of what they represent e.g exist . 
  but this distinction is by no means clear cut . 
  every language does it differently , some verbs insist on reflexive objects in some language because their intransitive use has taken on a new meaning , for example . 
  in some border cases verbs can fit into both transitive and intransitive formations and there is no intuitive force that leads us to assume one or the other . 
  some language think it 's fine to omit reflexive pronouns when the meaning seems clear to other native speakers , in some languages that 's not the case . 
  omission of the reflexive object does not mean that verb ceases to be transitive though . 
  worked in harry potter ... now irvine welsh 's `` porno '' , with most of it written in some phonetic attempt at recreating a strong scottish accent , that was hard . 
  it 's not even just that imo , it 's also the fact that we 've failed as a society to imbue people at the lower end of society with the desire and will to be healthy . 
  there 's a part of birmingham where the biggest chain is a fucking kebab style chain that now has premises the size of a large mcdonalds and a drive-thru . 
  why ? 
  because their food is comparatively cheaper than better branded food . 
  you see loads of mums bringing their kids their after school everyday . 
  these parents have not been raised with the social consciousness needed to understand that they 're actually harming their kids . 
  they do not think long term about the future , they 're thinking about the next pay day and getting the kids to shut up as quickly as possible . 
  we 've neglected our own country to the point where the lowest classes are irresponsible , self-justifying , and apathetic . 
  social degeneration is a real problem in the uk . 
  the whole thing snowballs , as the more socially irresponsible people there are , the more others are inclined to be socially irresponsible . 
  people ask why anti-intellectualism and political populism seem to be triumphing common sense and logic , there 's your reason . 
  we 've failed to educate , failed to take an interest , and failed to raise up our poorest members of society . 
  now we must deal with an ever growing segment of society that can not reason , can not plan , and lives entirely hand to mouth taking the hedonistic easy option over the long term recommended course of action . 
  before anyone calls me a snob , firstly i 'm not blaming the people who act this way for their situation , society has failed in its responsibilities to ensure that everyone mentally and emotionally matures to sufficiently high level for a optimally functioning society . 
  also , i would point out that i come from one of these communities , and i 'm only saying it like it is . 
  there is now a culture in which intellect and empathy are anathema , and hardness and putting your self-interest above others are lauded as virtues . 
  everyone is spending all of their wages every month . 
  whole streets lined with lease cars and rentals because people choose the now over sensible long term plans . 
  not to mention pay day loans shops on every other corner , again exploiting this generation of working class 's inability to think clearly about future consequences of their actions . 
  it 's because they 're canny as hell and realise that you actually save money doing that . 
  black and white working class cultures have become incredibly irresponsible and here and now focussed . 
  the asian community still has a lot of prudence and that 's why so many asian families are moving out to the suburbs while white and black working class communities are mostly floundering in the ghetto . 
  the only thing is that more immigrants will fill their places in the immigrant communities , so you do n't notice the social mobility . 
  in the 70s and 80s indian families moving in was , somewhat racistly , associated with a neighbourhood going down the drain , now it 's often a sign of upward social mobility . 
  typical shitty attitude people have these days . 
  if you do n't like someone , if they call you out on the morality of your actions , if you ca n't understand something they say , or if you feel inferior to them because of a sense of inadequacy , just question their competency in a blas\u00e9 appeal to `` common sense '' and `` hard headedness '' . 
  all the other idiots around you will laugh and agree with you , idolising how `` real '' you 've been while society lowly slips back to pre-victorian levels of social consciousness . 
  they already [ have british comedy for that ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yamvsgp3fju ) . 
  but seriously , go back to your adam sandler films and `` random '' american cartoon humour . 
  most american comedy seems to revolve around celebrities stroking each other 's egos , but whatever . 
  it 's a pyramid . 
  those billionaires do n't just buy themselves mayfair mansions and build 3 sub levels for more space , they also buy housing complexes and develop luxury apartments as investments . 
  when london ceases to look like the most attractive city in europe for the financially ambitious because a majority of britons voted against economic integration with other countries demonstrating a strong anti-foreigner vibe , or when the country 's own central bank is predicting trouble on the horizons and nobody seems to care , or when political parties ca n't seem to do anything correctly or honestly , stirring up unrest , then there is nobody to rent or buy those flats . 
  it 's not billionaires we 're going to run out of , it 's the ordinary financially ambitious people feeding their investments that we 're going to run out of , and then the billionaires wo n't have a reason to put their money into this country at all . 
  the uk has gone from the coolest country in the eu to a pariah that looks incompetently managed and backwards as hell , with a real nasty streak to its native population . 
  what 's ironic is that if we 'd decided to stop austerity , decided to invest in our public sector , and implement some ordoliberal policies designed to stimulate regional economies then the markets might have taken a bit of a knock , as let 's not lie and say that markets are n't dominated by classical liberal market logic , but they could 've worked with it . 
  it would n't have matter long run as nowhere in europe can really offer the services that london offers . 
  london utterly dominates the pan-european financial services market . 
  it might have even made us more appealing in the long run as people like societies that decently funded public services . 
  voting brexit however , is not just a matter of absorbing some costs , but actually jeopardises the very premises the british economy is built on , and alienates the very people that britain was profiting from . 
  if you mean in terms of food i disagree . 
  not all fast food is equal . 
  while ideally everyone would take the time to cook everything with fresh high quality ingredients , arguing that from a medical perspective it 's a bit of a farce . 
  what i mean by this is that if you gave two people the same diet , but one used only fresh ingredients , and the other used entirely frozen or vacuum preserved food from ready meals , the the difference would be negligible . 
  popular culture promotes a myth that high quality fresh produce is vastly healthier for you than packaged or frozen stuff . 
  this is just nonsense , the real reason to eat fresh produce is the improved taste and nothing to do with health . 
  raising your kids on ready meals and other `` convenience food '' is n't actually a problem whatsoever . 
  what matters is what 's in those meals , and consequently what their diet consists of . 
  the problem is that at the lower end of the social spectrum they are concerned primarily with cost , and unsurprisingly cheap food tends to be very similar in how it 's prepared and what it consists of . 
  nope , just felt like arguing with a nationalist . 
  i 'm not sure i understand the question . 
  seems to me that a prescriptivist explanation of linguistic pheneoma is the default mindset the vast majority of people living in the modern era , you can see it in children especially . 
  calm down big boy . 
  i 'm sorry you 're unable to let your cultural guard down for the few minutes it takes to find some foreign humour you find entertaining , but there 's no need to go full nationalist .
