  gun culture does not equal hunting culture frankly . 
  you find good game in most of europe . 
  what you think is light italian pizza mostly just is n't the same either . 
  to be fair those places make up all the space , and a large chunk of the population of the us . 
  i really do n't think what you 've seen is relevant . 
  i mean your one person view of hunting in europe whenever you 've visited is n't really reflective of anything . 
  jello is n't a thing in the uk , jam is what you spread on bread , jelly is wobbly and cold . 
  seriously do fuck off . 
  this is such a typical ignorant american yokel reaction `` herp derp , if it ai n't like america you 're behind '' . 
  clearly it has nothing to do with the population density of the country relative to space , or the economic demands the culture generates . 
  how do you expect europeans to live far out when there 's no where to go ? 
  if you 're poor you just live further out on the outskirts of the city . 
  nor can mass produced markets force out smaller markets when that 's not what people want here , at least not in every case . 
  i mean serious what do you think it 's like here ? 
  we all use a horse and cart and live in shanty towns ? 
  you 're the one with his haughty head up his arse . 
  firstly things do n't get replaced here , they get renovated , because we personally find modern buildings inferior aesthetically to the old ones . 
  new areas get built , but the demand is mostly to live centrally on the whole , not somewhere with a long driven commute , so we live in flats and build upwards and do n't give a shit about how many garages and cars we have on the drive , whether there 's a huge garden , many are happy with a communal one . 
  you act like the american corporate business model was brand new and that europe does n't already have it 's own corporate structure . 
  you act like we were n't doing capitalism hundred of years before we even discovered the country you live on . 
  seriously get a fucking clue , there are successful us companies that have come to europe that succeeded , and there are companies that were successful in the us who came to europe and sank like a fucking stone because what works in us culture does n't work here . 
  stop assuming that the way things are in the us will inevitably become the world standard , it 's brain numbingly arrogant , ignorant and also a crock o ' shit . 
  itt : americans boasting about the size of their economy attempting to defend some heinous nutritional practices . 
  also guess what , almost every fucking country has amazing food if you only look at the best of it . 
  that is n't even what this thread is about . 
  you have the most processed food of any nation in the world , people have a right to be shocked and appalled by it . 
  brush up your english then . 
  itt : americans are unable to accept mild forms of criticism or compute the idea that people from elsewhere might not like their shit . 
  they therefore i ) lie and tell the europeans that nobody eats processed food in america and they should go to a specialist shop as if there was n't a reason for a shop being `` specialist '' ii ) tell the europeans they are wrong and their taste buds do n't work , ingredients are clearly equally high quality here as those made in europe iii ) bang on about america being diverse or some shit . 
  it 's just a bullshit stereotype though , like having bad teeth . 
  yes , because the thread that asks which american foods are nasty must necessarily only include the high quality foods and not just any food that is available in the us . 
  the fact you 've been upvoted so highly just shows how mind numbingly nationalistic your compatriots are ... 
  oh and the fact you 've spun this into a positive shows how retardedly nationalistic you yourself are , good luck finding freshly baked authentic focaccia in suburban arkansas . 
  the important fact though is you simply could n't get bread that in europe , even in the broke bombed out parts as you so elegantly put it ... they still remember what good bread tastes like , though they might be lacking the variety you desire . 
  yet wonderbread sells all round your nation . 
  you 're raging defence of your nation over something as puny as bread really just illustrates how americans are born and raised to polish turds and call them caviar . 
  no i 'm not a bigot , to the extent that i do n't think that a nation 's average bread tastes like shit is a reason to think anything is wrong with that nation . 
  however that nation 's propensity to passionately defend something at meaningless as bread to point of making statements like `` that 's the thing about america - we got it all '' , is a reason to think there is something wrong . 
  furthermore let me assure you that you do n't `` have it all '' , authenticity being top of that list . 
  and probably the same price of the decent stuff in the uk , really now do you get 20p bottles of coke ? 
  that 's like two of your so called krone . 
  that 's bullshit , each country basically has it 's own krone , if scotland had the krone it would be it 's own currency , which would be pretty unremarkable . 
  curiously scotland also takes more out the treasury to fund its free universities that england had to give up as well as its ship building industry that primarily works for the british military . 
  indeed that 's what i was thinking , if china reached 80 % penetration they 'd need a bigger image . 
  me too , you 'd think japan would be dark red but perhaps they have significant traditionalist older portions of the population . 
  nah it 's a shithole mate, 
  `` legos '' confirmed american, 
  it 's bullshit . 
  both have changed . 
  it 's a common misunderstanding spread by the fact many us accent pronounce the letter - r , which many british accents lost . 
  but there are still british accent that retain much more old fashioned pronunciation that were n't affected by the the mass of european immigrants in america . 
  i think that 's more to do with policies and not wanting to seem london-centric . 
  you 're talking out your arse mate , there are literally thousands of kfcs in the uk . 
  easily one of the most represented fast food places in the uk . 
  lots of independent chicken shops too because many people like chicken and will just go where is closest . 
  imo most of `` freedoms '' depersonalised and devalued the game experience . 
  personally i found the most fun in the game in the relationships that were forged out of necessity in order to make progress . 
  getting to know all the decent players on your server , discovering which ones were cool or just wankers . 
  people might say you can still do all those things if you want to , but that 's totally unrealistic . 
  you wo n't forge friendships with players when you never play with anyone more than once . 
  you wo n't feel so much pride in being a maxed out character of a certain race or whatever when someone can just pay to swap . 
  not so frequently, 
  i do n't think you 're doing logic good . 
  do n't worry my town has about 5 to make up for your lack . 
  i had this on the london midlands line . 
  some woman in her 60s was trying to sit down . 
  the mother of the 11 year old girl was n't having it . 
  worst of all the mother was fat and therefore already taking her fair share of space , and launched a tirade at this older lady about `` perhaps you remember what it 's like to have children '' ( completely unaware of whether the other lady was even a mother ) . 
  it was like a competition about who could be more pathetic . 
  to the gulag with the lot of them . 
  learn english, 
  maybe in retard land . 
  i do n't think early 60s is quite elderly to be fair . 
  hurr durr i 'm an ignorant child who only knows this guy from one thing , therefore that 's his name , hurr durr, 
  man you are talking some shit . 
  it was a joke . 
  class is a concept stemming from the thinkers that influenced communism to the greatest extent . 
  so when someone says `` i hate communism '' and then says they are for a politician because he 's for all classes it 's mildly amusing , since the desire for equality between people of every class background was a strong motivator for communism in the first place . 
  not because communism , or communists , are a class of their own as you so angrily dismissed . 
   so no classes existed before communism ? 
  thanks for the laughs , kid . 
  stay in school . 
  are you really that stupid ? 
  was there no water before the concept of h2o ? 
   it 's a strong motivator of many different other social theories as well , you plonk . 
  and ? 
  communism is a very well known one , it 's not necessary for it to be the only one for the joke to be amusing . 
  this is mostly shit ? 
  stores open later ? 
  there are 24 hour places all over eu , and shops stay open til 8 or 10 . 
  technology products ? 
  you can get all those things here you know ? 
  that 's why it 's the world wide web . 
  no hi-tech websites for banks and unis ? 
  are you insane ? 
  you think a big european bank does n't have a state of the art website ? 
  then you spout some borderline sexist crap about make up which mostly just bollocks and opinion . 
  you 're talking some utter bollocks chap . 
  clearly your experience with university applications is representative of the whole of the eu . 
  also you clearly do n't know shit because the absolute standard closing time in germany in 8pm , so they 're not extending anything , it 's 7pm to 8pm everywhere which is 13 hours .
