   the odds of it happening to you in nyc are so ridiculously small that it 's non-existent , unless you are in a gang, 
  exactly the same is true in london , except it happens 3 times less often . 
  it 's not like it 's only in new york where criminals and gang members make up a large share of the murder statistics . 
   as for violence overall , anecdotally , i 've had far more street fights in both london and glasgow than in nyc . 
  anecdotes are meaningless . 
  many pro-guns types have tried to push the agenda that claims britain has a high rate of violent crimes which they attribute to lack of guns . 
  they want to make out that in the uk while people do n't get murdered as often the streets are not safe and wild thugs roam freely with no armed citizens/police to control them . 
  it 's complete bullshit of course , which takes advantage of the differing us and british definitions of violent crime ( the uk definition covers all crimes that have any kind of violent element , whereas the us limits it to major violent crimes like rape , robbery , aggravated assault etc. ) . 
  when you compare actually comparable crimes you 'll find :, 
   in the united states , you are 6.9 x more likely to be the victim of aggravated assault resulting in serious injury than in the uk . 
   nyc is far safer . 
  according to whom ? 
  sounds like pure bullshit to me . 
  an online article from the londonist is hardly a reliable source . 
  yes , if you 're going to throw around claims like that you should show some sources , let 's see these vast number of studies ... 
  3 times the murder rate hardly seems safer to me ... 
   and as i said earlier , the murder rate only applies to gang members . 
  it 's non-existent for anyone else . 
  no offence but is a ridiculous justification . 
  the murder rate mostly only affects gang members and criminals in london as well , although a small share will be innocent victims and bystanders . 
  as the murder rate is 3 times higher in new york , that means 3 times as many innocent victims and bystanders being killed , which ultimately means that for ordinary people who are n't criminals or gangsters they are three times more like to be murdered in new york and new york is consequently thrice as dangerous . 
  unless you 're suggesting that it 's only in new york where criminals and gangsters make up the majority of the murder statistics , and in london it 's made up entirely of innocents grannies , then this is a completely moot point . 
  furthermore , i find your dismissive attitude towards the murder of gang members and criminals quite abhorrent . 
  when we talk about the safety of a city , we 're talking about it 's safety for everyone , not just just law abiding citizens . 
  just because someone sells drugs or joins a gang does n't make their life no longer `` count '' when it comes to safety . 
  the articles sources only show a significantly higher rate of crime in regard to sexual assault . 
  when it comes to robbery it looks like london had about 20,000 and new york had about 17,000 ( the site does n't even bother to go into any depth about the metric or data collection ) . 
  let 's take the data on face value anyway , assuming comparable statistic and crime reporting :, 
  this would mean that you 're about 17 % more likely to be the victim of a robbery in london than new york . 
  i do what on what planet someone has to live where a slightly reduced chance of being robbed make a city `` safer '' despite there being 3 times the chance of being murdered ... 
  edit : i 'll also add that clicking through on that articles `` sources '' they were all reported by different departments with different crime reporting practices and different definitions of various crime . 
  does n't look like the reporter has made any attempt at doing a fair analysis at all and i would go as far as to say her findings are completely worthless . 
  it 's not a competition , but when you go around making claims like :, 
   i was merely pointing out that nyc is safer than london , with is indisputable , given the vast number of studies . 
  then expect to be called out on it . 
  i 'm still waiting for these studies you 're so familiar with . 
   i 'm sorry that facts make you so angry . 
  facts do n't make me angry at all mate , but it would be nice you 'd provide some . 
  so far we 've established that you 're 3 times more likely to be murdered in new york , even if you 're an innocent bystander , and that potentially you 're 17 % more likely to be robbed in london ( assuming the data on the dubious article is good ) . 
  i really want to know how that makes new york `` far safer '' than london , because to me , trading a slightly higher chance of being robbed for treble the chance of being murdered does n't seem like a good trade . 
  i think it has something to do with there no being any consonant final sounds in japanese . 
  afaik japanese has a very rigid vowel / consonant / vowel / consonant pattern with each word ending in a vowel , in english they struggle making consonant final sounds and with consonant clusters . 
  you can be fluent in a language and still have terrible pronunciation fyi . 
  she was probably able to approximate the tones in a way that could be understood by native speaker but only in a way that sounded wrong to their ears . 
  for example imagine someone came up to you and said :, 
  vat are you zinking a boot ? 
  you 'd understand them perfectly but it would sound hilariously foreign . 
  same thing here i imagine , she can talk chinese with chinese speakers all day long , use the correct words and grammar , but her accent is thick and takes some effort to understand . 
  studying a language at university is no guarantee of fluency i can assure you . 
  i 've met graduates who can read goethe in german but virtually sounds like a tourist reading from a phrase book when speaking . 
  an academic understanding of language can make you very good at grammar , vocabulary , writing and both listening and reading comprehension , but it 's woefully ill-equipped to get someone communicating naturally in a language . 
  it 's easy to spot the people who lived in germany a long time but had little or no formal education in the language ( who speak very naturally but communicate at a rather basic level ) from the erasmus students who have spent 10 years studying it at school and university but very limited experienced using the language in the real world ( who typically have unnatural and idiosyncratic pronunciation , but a higher vocabulary and often end up sounding formal and stilted ) . 
  also there is a big difference between people in way effectively they can affect a foreign accent . 
  some people can quickly pass for native on certain phrases but barely speak the language , others can speak a language for a decade at a very high level but still sound like a national stereotype who just got off the boat . 
  you 're missing how this works . 
  it 's that she does n't use tones , it 's that her tones do n't sound like native speaker 's tones . 
  think of it this way , take all the vowel sounds in the english language . 
  for simplicity 's sake we say these are a e i o u ( there are actually more vowel sounds in the language but we 'll ignore that ) . 
  now shift them all one another . 
  a becomes e, 
  e  i, 
  i  o, 
  o  u, 
  u  a, 
  so `` you had a happy mutt '' would sound like `` ya hed e heppo matt '' . 
  someone who spoke this way would be very hard to understand at first , but once your brain adjusted to the sound shift then with time , assuming they were fluent english speakers , you 'd eventually be able to understand almost as easily as if they spoke in exactly the same way you do . 
  it 's not the she does n't mark the tone of each word when she speaks chinese , it 's that her tones do n't sound right . 
  at first people will be like `` wtf is she saying ? 
  '' , but given some time their brains will naturally decode which tones she is attempting to use when she speaks , and understanding wo n't be as difficult . 
  fluency is not defined by pronunciation , but rather by one 's ability to understand and produce the language in a way that accurately represents your thoughts and feelings , regardless of how hard it might be to understand the accent . 
  being understood is not a component of fluency but rather a component of pronunciation . 
  for example , imagine someone who had learnt all their english in glasgow , they might go to new york and say :, 
  ( apologies to any actual glaswegians that 's probably wrong ), 
  or something , nobody would understand them , but they 're still fluent in english . 
  fluency and pronunciation are simply different things . 
  if you can walk up to someone and say, 
  `` unquestionably we find the indicators of cognitive dissonance within the subtext of the narrative as the plot verges on surrealistic metaphor '' and they can understand what you mean without you needing to slow down or dumb it down , and they can easily produce sentences of a similar complexity and grammatical coherence , albeit in a horrible hard to understand accent , then you 're dealing with a fluent english speaker regardless . 
  in reality only difference between someone speaking fluently with a thick italian accent and a native speaker speaking with a thick dialect ( e.g glaswegian ) is that the speaking community `` glaswegians speakers '' has english as their primary language and a claim on the language that gives legitimacy to their dialect in the eyes of many people , whereas the speaking community `` italians who are fluent english speakers with thick hard to understand accents '' can not make that claim as english is not their primary language . 
  ultimately the majority of native english speakers would n't understand either without making the effort to adjust . 
  no , that 's simply utterly wrong . 
  fluency has nothing to do with being understood and everything to do with language production . 
  i do n't think you 're getting that fluency is entirely about your capacity to produce language , and nothing to do with with that language is understood by another party . 
  you 're simply not getting what fluency is all about , which is being about to use a language naturally and instinctively , it 's not about using it in a way that one group or many groups of speakers can understand . 
  someone could be taught english pronunciation completely incorrectly , but if they 'd spent enough time on the language then they could be fluent . 
  except when people say `` she ca n't do tones '' they do n't mean that she says every word the same regardless of the tone . 
  what they mean is that her tones sound off . 
  one thing to note is that because everyone produces a different pitch when they speak tonal languages are not like music where there is one correct pitch . 
  much rather it 's the shape of the pitch e.g rising , declining , high and flat , low and flat etc that typically indicate tones in tonal languages . 
  how pitches sound relative to other pitches that person is using is how it comes very clear to your brain which they 're using . 
  what you 're describing is more like if someone used the vowel - a and only the vowel - a so `` i want some ice cream '' was just `` a want sam ass cram '' , obviously if someone spoke that way then they would n't be properly understood by anyone . 
  the is vital information lacking which means it will be difficult to decode it . 
  point is , she 's still speaking tonally , it 's just her tones sound off , chinese people can still understand her once they adjust to the way she realises those tones , but she 'll always sound strange . 
  no , the rest of the world uses my definition , you have n't understood the definition you provided . 
  you can express yourself easily and articulately and be understood by no one . 
  what you 're saying is basically like saying someone ca n't write english simply because nobody can read their hand writing . 
  mate , the dictionary is not a source for what things are . 
  furthermore the definition does n't correct anything i 've said . 
  i 'm telling you , as someone who studied some linguistics at uni and worked for many years teaching languages that 's how it 's defined . 
  mate i can not be fucked with this . 
  the way that ordinary people use the word fluency is n't that precisely defined .
