  i 'm sorry you 're just wrong . 
  `` you 're a pole '' sounds much worse than `` you are a polish person '' , no way in hell you 'd find `` pole '' or `` scot '' in any official literature or being used by someone in an official capacity . 
  yes , you do read it , in period dramas and historical documents , and yes you do hear it occasionally in jokes and other much more informal contexts , but that 's about it , and the reason for that is that it 's not the preferred nomenclature and is more likely to be interpreted as an offence . 
  so what if they do it ? 
  the pole wikipedia refers directly to the ethnic group , i was talking about referring to individuals as poles . 
  the second link is a scottish website from the scottish national party . 
  the third is also scottish . 
  this proves nothing . 
  you wo n't find pole and scot being used officially in legal documents , you wo n't find politicians or public figures using the words unless they happen to be that nationality . 
  it 's not the preferred nomenclature and is more liable to sound offensive . 
  no , you 're wrong . 
  `` you fucking scot '' sounds very offensive , `` you fucking scottish person '' sounds almost comical . 
  it 's simply standard practice to use `` scottish person '' over `` scot '' or `` scotsman '' . 
  what scots call themselves is an entirely different matter , a pakistani person can call themselves whatever they want , `` paki '' whatever , but that 's not acceptable for you . 
  you do find people that find get offended by it , which is why it 's not used in official context , the exception being when scottish people are using it ( as was the case with the snp ), 
  who fakes an english accent ? 
  yes it is , you 're wrong and you do n't seem to understand the difference between the contexts that scot is used without issue and the contexts where the preferred nomenclature is required . 
  some people will get offended , which is why scots is not used in those contexts that require pc language . 
  this discussion is going nowhere , think what you like . 
  and she 's not british ? 
  if she 's german than what 's wrong with her attempting a british accent ? 
  i mean how is that any different from faking an american accent . 
  when you 're speaking a foreign language you have to attempt to fake some accent . 
  if i 'm in germany and strike up a conversation with someone in german i 'm going to try to fake a hochdeutsch accent , even though my native accent will probably be heard through my attempts to hide it . 
  i 've heard lots of germans speaking english in my life , and the ones that sounded cringey were the ones that really exaggerate certain accents but still end up sounding very off . 
  why is it pretentious ? 
  is it any more pretentious that attempting some cheeseball clint eastwood impression instead ? 
  most germans just seem to have a generic german accent anyway , that does n't really sound like any native accent . 
  look think what you like mate . 
  i know for a fact that if i wrote `` he is a scot '' in a professional context it probably would n't get past my boss , and if it got published like that i 'd be in trouble . 
  it 's not the preferred term . 
  yes , scots have used the term proudly in history , that literally has nothing to do with this . 
  there 's no rule that say if a word has been used proudly by a people since the middle ages then it must be acceptable to use in all contexts . 
  what the fuck is `` neutral english '' , that 's one for / r/badlinguistics i 'm afraid , nobody learns neutral english because there 's no such thing . 
  it does n't exist . 
  when i 'm speaking german is it pretentious if i aim for the hochdeutsch you might hear on television instead of speaking with a generic `` foreign person speaking german '' accent . 
  pretty much everyone in germany learns british english too . 
  i know plenty of germans who speak british english without sounding cringy , either because their accent is nigh on perfect or because they do n't exaggerate it it like crazy so it sounds like a parody of downton abbey . 
  if your aunt 's accent sounded cringey , it 's because it was forced , affected , and exaggerated , not merely because it was british . 
  as a native english speaker trust me when i say a forced and affected american accent sounds just as hilarious to our ears . 
   the order is always :, 
   subject -  verb -  direct object, 
  right you are ... sorry i mean wrong . 
  i regularly skate on high speed skates that do n't have a heel brake . 
  when i go down a hill i slalom down it pushing the motion side ways , this is good for keeping your speed down if you are on a hill and do n't want to go fast , but a very slow way to actually lose speed once you 're going quickly ( does work but takes a lot of space to decelerate ) . 
  once you slow down enough you can actually turn your motion 180 degrees and go back up the hill as rollerblades have a much better turning circle than skis due to the higher degree of friction . 
  this will bring you very neatly to a complete stop . 
  you can also do a kind of spin , called a powerslide when you slow down enough , but this is n't useful until you 're slow enough . 
  you can also put one foot at 45 degrees to the direction you 're travelling , this is an effective way to brake and can make you lose speed faster than slaloming , but it still requires about 10-20 metres to stop if your going at a high speed ( it 's also advisable to use this sparingly because it wears your wheels quickly if you over use this technique , especially at high speeds ) . 
  this is commonly known as t-brake . 
  the final method is an act of desperation , you basically jump into a position where both skates are 45 degrees to the direction of movement and push your weight backwards so you do n't fall forwards with the sudden increase in friction ( sometimes called drifting or a cess slide ; although this would probably be better termed an emergency cess slide ) . 
  this is n't something you want to do because you 're basically just falling over deliberately in order to stop . 
  [ sure the aggressive skaters manage to pull this off without falling over ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=snada5i_gn0 ) and looking like a twat , because they 're also very aware of the surface they 're doing it on ( not knowing how smooth the surface is will make you fall ) , whereas if i were doing it it would be a real emergency stop , useful only when the pram comes round the corner or you 're headed into a busy road and about to die . 
  if i did this at speed in an emergency i 'd probably end up taking the skin off my palms and/or scrapping my legs , and frankly it might be a better idea to launch oneself into the nearest flowerbed or patch soft grass instead if that 's an option as although you 'll look a twat you wo n't hurt yourself as badly . 
  [ this video is actually super informative ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=poucdied39y ) . 
  but someone who likes to skate long distances at high speeds often over unfamiliar terrain i can tell you that some of those techniques do n't work at high speeds or on rough terrain , and some of them are more like `` tricks '' than actually reliable ways to brake when speed skating . 
  there are also methods of breaking like step braking and plough braking that are fine for people going slowly around the park but useless for most other situations . 
  funnily , all good rollerbladers spend their whole time trying to avoid braking , especially when out on the rough pavement , because the more you do it the more you 'll shell out for wheels as they naturally wear from friction . 
  we try to do everything to reduce speed without creating friction for his reason . 
   you choose your bearings , your bearings choose your speed . 
  man that 's such bullshit !, 
  the impact of bearing abec on your speed is highly exaggerated . 
  obviously a higher abec is better , but if you think it makes that much difference you 're crazy . 
  another point is that you can take a set of abec 9 bearings , skate them for a few hours , and since they 're not entirely sealed the bits of dust and dirt that accumulate in the bearing quickly drops them down to performing no better than a set of abec 3 bearings ( not a problem if you 're an indoor circuit skater , but bearings are n't really designed for dirty streets and roads ) . 
  unless you buy the cleanable ones and clean them obsessively or replace them every session then you 're seeing very little benefit from the higher specification . 
  bearings have always been one of those fake markets in extreme sports , because people will convince themselves they 're getting better performance on their more expensive higher spec bearings , and skate shops like it because they can charge more or throw good bearings into expensive packages to give the customer a sense of added value . 
  i 've known pros who prefer to buy very cheap chinese abec 3 bearings in boxes of 100 , and simply change them often , rather than waste money on expensive high spec bearings . 
  most companies that sell bearings simply buy them off mass producers , who sell abec 9 or little more than they sell abec 3 , put them in fancy packaging and add a huge mark up because they know skaters want the best and wo n't want to settle for abec 3 . 
  a far bigger impact on speed imo is wheel size . 
  wheel size will totally dictate your speed . 
  jumping from 80mm to 100mm will shock you in terms of top speed , try some 56mm aggresive skates and you 'll barely feel like you 're going anywhere whatsoever . 
  whenever i 've jumped up a wheel size i feel like i 'm almost dangerously fast . 
  can confirm , went to a skatepark on my aggressive skates , people looked at me like i was a rarity , did n't help that i was 10 years older than almost everyone there . 
  / r/rollerblading join us !, 
  rollerblades do n't have that rep in mainland europe . 
  in fact i see them more often than i did maybe a few years ago . 
  i think it 's popular with skiing lovers during the off season . 
  all the way up !, 
  last time i went back to the uk i had to take the sodding train from euston ( normally use marylebone but could n't for some reason ) . 
  got on the wrong train and ended up on the sodding london midlands line . 
  train decided to have a 20 minute break in northampton as we took bloody hours to head northwards . 
  naturally i jumped off the train leaving my stuff on my seat for a quick cig outside the carriage on the platform . 
  despite it being a totally open air platform within 1 minute of lighting it i get hear a nasally east midlander on an announcement `` we would like to remind all passengers that smoking on the platform is illegal and can punished with up at a # 1000 fine '' . 
  it was just so amazingly passive aggressive and british , reminded why i left the sodding country in the first place . 
  try most parts of asia , that 's where the smoking is really normal , people just walk into shops and bars smoking . 
  europe is quite sensible , people do n't make a song and dance about smoking like in the us , but it 's still banned inside public buildings so you do n't have to put up with clouds of smog filling up the place . 
  i think when you start banning smoking outside ( the exception maybe being immediately outside an exit ) its gone beyond just being considerate and started turning into 1984 style social control . 
  relegating smoking to some tiny patch of land , forcing them all the way off the grounds beyond the car park , or banning it on public streets is just going too far . 
  if smoking is so bad that you think it should only be acceptable for people to smoke on private property then it 's hypocritical not to simply ban it outright . 
  if it makes you feel any better i remember being a 15 yo skater at the park and seeing anyone over about 23 was unusual but at the same time we had mad respect for the old school guys in their 30s and still carving up bowls and stuff . 
  with aggressive skating i think most of the young kids are n't even familiar with it and how big it used to be . 
  i remember in the late 90s / early 00s parks would be about 60/40 skateboarders and bladers , now bladers are very rare . 
  i do think it 's about time inline had a comeback , as there 's a whole new generation out there who have n't yet experienced it and do n't have any preconceptions about it . 
  all the fucking scooter kids !, 
  i remember when micro-scooters were new and the first ones came and got absolutely scorned , now they 're ubiquitous . 
  too many parents using skateparks as free child care for their pre-teens . 
  bmx seems to have stayed moderately popular , but they do n't tend to work well sharing a park with skateboarders or bladers . 
  i remember in the bigger parks back in the day there was a kind of agreement that the bmxers mostly stay over in their corner of the park , where the big jump ramps were , and we 'd stay in the street section / mini-ramp section . 
  just to point out that english also has object  subject  verb , although it 's typically only used emphatically and idiomatically e.g he 's the boss ? 
  that he is .
