  lol people like you are an embarrassment to your country . 
  when you use the electricity to invent your `` cell phones '' you know who to thank . 
  there 's a difference between , mere birthplace , and being born there , growing up there , being educated there , having that citizenship and then living in a part of that countries empire . 
  volta , ohm , tesla , bell , siemens , hertz , boyle , ampere all probably helped out a bit . 
  america is a bigger than the us . 
  i love it when you yanks try to rewrite history to put yourself in the centre of it . 
  it 's cute . 
  volta - italian , ohm - german , tesla - serbian , bell - scottish , siemens - german , hertz - german , boyle - canadian , ampere - french . 
  you 're funny and obviously i left the americans out because i was making a point . 
  yet i do n't go around dismissing the work of franklin or edison , because i 'm not a nationalistic idiot like yourself . 
  no i do n't . 
  anyway , bell made the first call in 1876 . 
  he did n't become a us citizen until 1882 . 
  when the telephone was invented he was a british subject , as well of course being educated and growing up in the uk . 
  it 's just pathetic that the us has to try to claim this one ( even canada has a better claim ) . 
  i suppose einstein was also as american as apple pie ( which also is n't american ) because he had to flee the nazis . 
  honestly it 's a little sad that americans have to try to claim all this stuff , you know there are plenty of actually american geniuses who were actually born and raised in america who you could tout . 
  i suppose it 's not enough for folks such as yourself whose superiority complex knows no bounds . 
  does n't pop out any more than britain or germany pops out , which considering the relative population sizes is worrying , those countries do n't even need to claim `` naturalised citizens '' as their own , breeding them a bit dumb over there are we ? 
  you might as well go and posthumously award citizenship to every historical figure in history , you seem that desperate . 
  clearly cicero was a true blooded flag flying usian . 
  you are a truly pathetic product of nationalism . 
  remember i 'm not the one claiming that my country invented everything or is somehow superior , i 'm perfect willing to acknowledge america 's role in human progress , just as might acknowledge france 's role or switzerland 's role . 
  fyi there was another country that tried to claim itself to be inherently superior to other nations , sometimes the us reminds me of it . 
  you could 've just said `` you hate us cos you ai n't us '' like every other nationalistic moron completely missing the fact that it 's satire . 
  ergh , i hope one day america can return to values of education and humility that made it a powerful nation in the first place rather than the idiocracy that it 's becoming today . 
  nope not in the slighest , i 'm just glad there 's a fucking big ocean between us . 
  well there 's certainly been a few cases of otherwise reputable businessmen mysterious dying of drug overdoses and the like in saudi arabia , but even as a wealthy tourist you 'll get the five star treatment there provided you can pay . 
  alright ? 
  just make it work in maryland then ... that would be a start . 
  why do redditors have to take such extreme views all the time ? 
  why are the most extreme the most vocal ? 
  why is n't it possible for everyone to acknowledge simultaneously that something needs to be done to assist the refugees and that expecting any country to take vast masses of people coming in is impossible ? 
  anyone who is just like `` take them all '' or `` send them all home '' is an idiot . 
  we should be focussing on how to optimise the assistance we can afford to give , that is the only task worth working on , yet nobody seems to be working on this problem . 
  while there are extremist idiots on both the left and the right all that happens is less actual work gets done . 
  i fear moderation , nuance and subelty are virtues steadily being last in western society , as if the only logic that people will listen to is that of extreme rhetoric , as if extreme stances were somehow more honourable than moderate one , purely because they allow people to get most emotional , and that 's scarier than anything . 
  that is utter utter horsecrap . 
  the nhs has pretty decent coverage , at least as good as what the average american blue collar family could afford . 
  tea drinking really has nothing to do with it , tea is no worse than coffee or soft drinks . 
  furthermore dental care , even the private stuff , is cheaper in comparison to the us . 
  if you 're under 18 dental care is free , if you 're an adult you can get government assisted care that is really only a nominal cost . 
  the difference is fundamentally cultural , kids in most countries do not want braces , they do n't want a dentist bolting metal to their teeth and they do n't want something that will make them stand out from their peers ( brace face , metal mouth etc. ) . 
  it 's only the fact that having anything but perfectly straight white teeth in a america is such a taboo that people willing take braces for the most minor of cosmetic reasons . 
  to be catching up then american obesity ca n't be increasing as well . 
  sadly both countries are just getting fatter and fatter . 
  oh because the world just loves the nasal american whine , such beautiful accents you guys have . 
  that 's why so many opera singers and just dying to imitate the american speech impediment . 
  what a valuable contribution . 
  the overt homoerotic nature of professional wrestling really makes me question what people were smoking in the 90s . 
  or before that chinese even , which is exactly the point i was trying ( and apparently failing ) to make . 
  only a retard would claim their country had invented more than the rest of the world . 
  genius is a random genetic occurrence , not something the founding fathers invented . 
  it 's about a bee , do n't be so sensitive . 
  k , i 'll be more careful criticising delusional american nationalism in the future . 
  as some who is around 90kg and probably a similarish build , this really makes me think i should lose those extra 10kg , if you can lose 30kg i do n't see why i ca n't lose 10 . 
  ashley is often a boy 's name in the uk . 
  idd , it 's the difference between average looking smoe and devilishly handsome . 
   we are looking for academic achievement and academic potential . 
  although we take many all-round talented students , who captain, 
  sports teams , run volunteer societies , and write plays , we do not select, 
  students for their extra-curricular achievements or their leadership . 
  in contrast to our us peer universities , we select on academic criteria, 
  alone . 
  this means that our academics -- your future professors --, 
  are the people making the admissions decisions and conducting, 
  admissions interviews . 
  an oxford admissions interview is an academic, 
  interview : in the sciences , you might be asked to solve an equation ; in, 
  the humanities , you might be given a poem to read and analyse . 
  want to understand your academic potential , and give you a chance, 
  to experience oxford learning . 
  this is quite different from a typical, 
  us college interview , which is a more general discussion about your, 
  school performance , academic interests and extra-curricular activities . 
  sure you can be critical , saying that many people in electric chairs wo n't have the manoeuvrability to use them and such , but i can see a lot of applications for these things even if they 're not going to replace all wheelchairs . 
  certainly could revolutionise wheelchair based sports , could have applications with physiotherapy , provide a way for disabled people to have fun and exercise , and even provide an alternative for younger fitter disabled people to have greater mobility without feeling bad about using a motorised chair when they 're able to use a regular one . 
  do n't judge uk humour on panel shows , it 's the most throw away humour of all , mostly based around sitting 6 or 7 comedians in a studio for 2 hours and then editing the best 30 minutes of it , the jokes often revolving around current affairs . 
  i personally do n't think `` would i lie to you '' is funny at all . 
  the best comedy in the uk i think is stuff like `` the it crowd '' , `` peepshow '' `` the inbetweeners '' because it 's so relatable . 
  maybe the reason much british comedy does n't cross over is because of the differences in self-image between brits and americans . 
  americans are taught not to perceive themselves as losers , to feel entitled to a happy ending , british people are born inherently knowing they are losers , and doing their best to conceal the fact . 
  [ i have ] ( https://www.ox.ac.uk/sites/files/oxford/field/field_document/a%20guide%20to%20oxford%20for%20america%20students.pdf ), 
  what 's super interesting to me is the price of food in america . 
  most things seem pretty damn cheap , like bananas and peaches for example , but shit bread for 2 dollars ? 
  that 's crazy , for that you 'd get a big loaf of good branded bread in the uk probably less ( do n't know the exchange but a decent loaf is about # 1.29 . 
  ) , however if you went for the store brand bread , which is baked on site and is perfectly good , you could get it for 70p if you shopped around a bit . 
  you never get that disgusting fake sugary bread in the uk , i do n't know why the us has such a hard time making good bread abundant ( yes i know you can buy good stuff in the us but i mean why is n't it there in the cheapest supermarket as well ? 
  having good quality fresh bread should n't be a luxury purchase ! ) . 
  who actually eats that horrible fake stuff ? 
  ( and before anyone says it 's a cultural thing remember that the uk is n't like france or germany with a small bakery on every corner , most of our bakeries died with the rise of the supermarket , more so than butchers and greengrocers even , since people take meat and vegetables more seriously and a willing to pay a little extra , most branded bread is made in factories and shipped out in batches every few days , i do n't see why the us could n't achieve the same . ), 
  when you say `` scotch friends '' then i find it hard to believe you have many scottish friends . 
  unless of course you 're friends with lots of hard boiled eggs ensconced in sausage meat and dusted with breadcrumbs ? 
  burger claps vs crimbo bongers , a recipe for disaster !, 
  bro you know you ca n't eat my ghost chups !, 
  i 've found how friendly germans are differs from place to place , definitely friendly people in nrw , not so much in munich or leipzig, 
  `` can i have a cigarette ? '', 
  `` yes '' `` are these mint ? '', 
  `` yes '' `` what are you gay ? '', 
  `` do you like sexual intercourses ? '',
