  i do n't see it as a plot hole , but it does make me confused as to why they went to such great lengths to make these hugely complex languages not to use them . 
  all the known languages in got are based on the latin alphabet , they are always shown as such and all the information we have about them is in that form . 
  we can only assume that westerosi , dothraki , high valyrian and it 's dialects all use the latin alphabet from a show canon perspective . 
  lol why it 's creepy ? 
  i only put maybe 5-6 hours into high valyrian simply because i was curious about constructed languages and wanted a mental challenge . 
  quickly grew frustrated though due to the limited information we have about certain things meaning there were things about the language we just do n't know . 
  there are people who meticulously go through all the high valyrian and dothraki to add to our knowledge of their grammars , as well as dissecting everything the language inventor , david peterson , writes on his blog , that 's real dedication . 
  subtitles !, 
  you 'd actually expect it to be written in meereenese valyrian , which is a derivative dialect of high valyrian . 
  however , we have next to no information on this dialect as the show creators decided not to feature it frequently and have the high born characters in meereen speak high valyrian , probably because it was too much work . 
  it 's quite a subjective thing really , i imagine it differs form speaker to speaker as well as in different dialects . 
  i 'm british , but `` absolutely fun '' sounds a bit strange to me . 
  i mean personally i probably would n't even use fun as an adjective very often , at least not in this context , instead i 'd say something like `` that looks like fun '' or `` it like like absolutely terrific fun '' . 
  lot of adjectives are border cases , the very common ones do n't have much variation , but there are too many adjectives for them all to be strictly classed as gradable or ungradable . 
  what ? 
  meh , it 's a hard call . 
  if the languages are in a made up script you might discourage people from taking an interest and led them to assume it 's all just made up gibberish as it is in some shows . 
  to be honest the combat gameplay in the bioshock series is n't outstanding whereas something like hl2 was genre defining , bioshock 's set piece level design was certainly top notch combined with amazing story and dialogue . 
  when i play these games because i play because want to see the world and progress the story . 
  they use the level design to tell the story very well without reliance on cutscenes . 
  rerunning the game on the hardest setting show you how frustrating the actual combat mechanics can be . 
  there are certain tonnes of better games out there when it comes to playing to enjoy the game mechanics rather than the story . 
  it 's so complicated . 
  one thing it 's highly synthetic which means it does a lot of things in patterns of different word endings . 
  this is in stark contrast with something like chinese , which is highly analytical , each word have a single form and these forms being combined to make new meanings . 
  english lies towards the more analytic end of the spectrum ( no gender , no declension , simple conjugation , and only 4 word forms e.g sink , sank , sunk , sinking . 
  most european languages are more synthetic than english , something like dutch being only a bit more and something like russia being very synthetic , close to ancient languages like roman and greek . 
  what makes it worse still though is david peterson 's vision for it , which is as a super musical language which means the word endings each word requires is based on the stem sound ending of the basic form of the word ( infinitive for verbs , nominative singular for nouns ) . 
  this means that each declension will not only contain a full table for each gender but also stem variations . 
  the conjugation of a word will depend on the sound with which the infinitive form ends , and there 's 10 conjugations to choose from . 
  no to mention that 4 numbers , singular , plural , paucal ( a few ) , and collective . 
  this is a language that would have made the romans suffer just as much as latin makes english speakers suffers and complain about what seems like unnecessary complexity . 
  there are a few benefits though , for example the syntax can be a lot loser , it does n't matter if you say `` i hit him '' or `` him hit i '' , it always means the same thing , and it also avoids having to learn endless pairing of verbs and prepositions like `` clean up '' `` take off '' `` shoot up '' or whatever , since you can almost always combine stuff in a way to find your intended meaning . 
  instead of `` the flock of birds are flying '' you 'd just have `` hontin s\u014dvesi '' which literally means `` the few birds fly at the moment '' , all that information encoded into two words . 
  no worries , it took me hours to even get my head around the fundamentals , and i still ca n't construct a complex sentence . 
  declensions in german to you are probably much like how the various verb forms ( - er - ir ) conjugations , not to mention genders , are for me in french . 
  german happens to be a language i do speak ok , and i do n't find the declensions that hard anymore ( although i still make mistakes ) , but gender will always be something that is hard for me to remember alongside every word , annoyingly without the gender your declension will always have tonnes of errors in german . 
  german is piss easy compared to high valyrian though . 
  it 's like latin on steroids . 
  let 's not exaggerate , if someone was camping me i 'd log out , go away and make a sandwich , smoke a cig in the garden , and 15 minutes later they 'd have move somewhere else . 
  come on now , do n't look for justification where there is none . 
  the server costs are trivial , even the maintenance and support costs are trivial for blizzard compared to the profit they 'll make from the returning subs , you have to remember they have the infrastructure for stuff like already in place . 
  the real reason blizzard cites costs is because it ca n't imagine releasing legacy servers without building new clients that would be integrated to battle.net and reworking much of the game technologically to fit their modern way of doing things . 
  fact is no legacy players care about this , they 'd be happy with the old clients and old bugs , but blizzard is one of those design philosophy companies that stay constantly positive and focussed on the future , even to their detriment . 
  why did i play nost of 6 months until it died if that was the case ? 
  what a crock of shit . 
  i played nostalrius for over 6 months . 
  i did enjoy finding a group , i did enjoy the `` shit levelling '' you talk about , the raids were fun . 
  even though i was casual it was great just to log for a couple of hours on an evening and find a group for dm or strat or scholo . 
  i do n't play retail any more because it 's not fun for me . 
  i do play other games but none offer me the experience that earlier wow expansions offered . 
  therefore i will continue to play private servers until blizzard provides the game i 'm looking for . 
  tokien was an author , he was also an academically acclaimed linguist , he spent years working on those languages basing them on the history he 'd created for his universe . 
  however , in got these languages effectively do n't exist in the books , we have only little words and phrases from them that grrm made up to serve certain functions . 
  all these little pieces were written in the latin alphabet . 
  the makers of the show hired a linguist ( david peterson ) to create these languages for them , he did n't have years to do it . 
  really i see no problem in using the latin alphabet . 
  this is n't a sci-fi universe , it 's a fantasy universe that bears a striking resemblance to europe in the middle ages . 
  additionally it 's not like it 's uncommon for different languages to share an alphabet , virtually all european languages do , so it should n't be that far fetched that all these languages in the got universe also share a script . 
  i can totally understand why klingon for example has it 's own script , but they 're trying to stress how alien this culture is , but it 's simply not necessary here . 
  also i think klingon is much harder to learn because of it , which is n't necessarily a good thing . 
  except you are talking crap . 
  your belief that most people would stop after 2 weeks is something you 've pulled out of your arse . 
  you have no special knowledge or insight that allows you to say with any degree of certainty that people would leave the older version after week . 
  that 's simply your opinion . 
  my belief however is that a significant number of players would not leave after 2 weeks . 
  sure , a few people would just come back for the hype and tire of it , but that 's exactly what people do with blizzard expansions anyway , how many people game back for wod and quit after 1-2 months because they 'd seen it ? 
  seriously , legacy would be different , and if you ca n't acknowledge that then you 're just pushing some hidden agenda , just like the many retail players that are inventing reasons to defend the absence of legacy servers . 
  nobody can know for certain , but if 150k players were actively playing nost , we can be sure a lot more than that would actively play legacy servers . 
  i do n't want a pristine server to be honest . 
  although a pristine server would appeal to me more than the current game , it would n't bring me back to the game . 
  such a server would undoubtedly have a better community and a nicer feel to it sure , but it would include too many of the changes that put me off the game in the first place . 
  it 's not just about playing modern wow on hardcore mode or whatever . 
  i do not want to play characters with the cut back talents , i do not want to play the current instance and raid content , ultimately i want to do the old instances and raids as they were intended to be done , with all the nightmarish pulls and challenges that entails . 
  i 'm sorry but this compromise is not something i can except , and i think we should all keep pushing for real legacy servers . 
  it 's just a way to discredit the demand for legacy servers . 
  it 's the same shit as `` you think you do but you do n't '' . 
  it 's a way to say you only think you want this because you were young and in your gaming prime when you played those expansions , if you actually get them you 'll quickly grow bored with them because of the lack of features and content . 
  therefore , we 're not going to listen to you because you 're inherently biased . 
  this is nonsense of course , tonnes of nost players like you never even played those expansions but still found them more appealing than retail because of the difficulty , mechanics , and community . 
  you are still talking shit my friend . 
  you are to one who is assuming that everyone is like you . 
  almost all those things are positives in the minds of a significant number of players . 
  many players liked the slower pace it made the action more rewarding , and gave people the chance to build friendships and trust in the game . 
  being a good efficient player who knew what to do and did n't go afk for 30 minutes mid instance because your mum had made dinner got you a reputation as someone people want to group with . 
  many players like the challenge of navigating the world , and not being about to move around it instantly . 
  many players did n't care about balance in 1v1 because the game was about world pvp and battlegrounds . 
  if you wanted to solo you went rogue , if you wanted to group with healers you went arms warr , almost every playstyle was covered by some class and every class could contribute in a group pvp environment . 
  it was a highly functional rock paper scissors style of balance that worked for what it was , and if you did manage to kill a mage as a warrior , or a warrior as a rogue , it made it all the more exciting . 
  many people do not want linear content , being hard to follow made it more challenging , you were n't just following an arrow to the next objective / task . 
  actually having to skim your quest text to work out what to do made you engage with the tasks a lot more . 
  many people liked that the end game content was less accessible , even if it meant they 'd never see naxx or finish aq 40 , it made what they did see more rewarding and epic feeling . 
  many people enjoyed the challenge of gearing and talenting their toon to the best of their ability instead of having optimal stat distribution chosen for them and their talents practically already optimised . 
  knowing not to pick the dud talents like improved wanding or stack spirit as a mage was part of what made you a good player . 
  many people have no problem with not all specs being viable for end game content . 
  why should a feral be able to tank a raid boss ? 
  it 's a hybrid class , if you want to be a pure tank then roll a warrior , simple as that . 
  as long as every class has at least one viable end game spec , then everything is working as intended , a druid can still tank an instance or a lower level raid , they just are n't designed to be the best at it , and why should they be ? 
  especially when they have the options of being a top class healer or a ranged magic dps , options that a warrior has forgone in order to get that mt role . 
  what 's ironic too is that you 're citing what people argued for back then , and that 's what got us to following expansions .
