   people like you are going to cause another world war soon enough . 
  it 's always assholes who think they know what 's good for everyone else who kick off the worst chapters in human history . 
  at the core of every evil person is an huge sense of moral superiority . 
  no people like you are going to start a world war sooner or later , because you externalise your problems onto out groups , and then do things that try to rid those out groups from your presence , like killing them or deporting them out of your borders . 
  so much irony in your saying that people like me will start wars . 
  people like me are doing their best to do away with the things like national identities , the very thing for which people have been willing to kill others ( despite those people being the same as they are just with a different way of speaking and flag ) , and you 're the ones who want to go back to the old days of putting native borns before others , and of disconnecting ourselves from our neighbours thinking only of ourselves . 
   total strawman of what the immigration debate is about , but oh well , not like you care about what people 's actual issues are . 
  your argument was a strawman . 
  mine was far closer to the reality of it . 
  i do care what people 's issues are , which is why i did n't vote for this tory government and their obsession with cutting back spending in the poorest areas and legislating to suit the rich . 
  we should have been pumping money into our hardest hit areas for years , instead we 've left them be , and the only institution that gave a shit about them was the eu . 
   wrong . 
  i just do n't act like it 's completely impossible for foreigners to cause problems and accuse everyone who experiences problems with them of just being racist . 
  except there are no problems . 
  like i said the eu migrants were putting more back into the economy than they ever took out . 
  people were better off for their presence . 
  if people were n't better then it was n't because of the eu migrants , it was because of the government . 
  yes , whenever you take a multitude of people , there will be some rotten eggs , but there are more rotten eggs in our own culture than coming through our ports . 
   i 've lived in foreign countries , i learned the language , respected the customs , tried my best to bother nobody . 
  if someone does the same in europe , hey , no problem , they are welcome to stay . 
  but acting like absolutely everyone is that way is just stupid . 
  most people do , and on average the eu migrants behave better than the white british working class . 
  maybe it 's the white british class that learns to respect their customs , that they practise in private and expect nobody to share , rather than crying about the fact they live in a society that contain about 10 % of people who are not culturally identical to themselves . 
   yea , everyone who 's not like you is just evil for no reason . 
  i never said that , first off very few people are exactly like me , the remain camp also contains a broad spectrum of beliefs . 
  secondly , i never said people who are leave voters are evil , sure a few of them are , the idiots who just shout about getting the foreigners out . 
  most of them are just misguided though , people our education system has failed by not teaching them how to think critically about political information , people who have been trodden on by our own government and have resorted to bigotry and hatred as a mechanism to piss off the political classes . 
  it 's much like how in america politicians convince people that tax breaks for the rich and the lack of a minimum wage are somehow better for them , a product of their poor education , it 's quite sad really , but exactly the same has been pulled off by the likes of farage , gove , and johnson in the uk now . 
   and you think you 're the tolerant and enlightened one . 
  no tolerant , not enlightened , just have a knowledge of economics and geopolitics . 
   why do you keep referring to eu migrants like they are the only migrants ? 
  that just makes you sound like some kind of eu natrionalist that 's just as xenophobic to people from outside of the eu as you accuse people from britain of being . 
  i 'm not referring to them as if they were the only immigrants . 
  i 'm deliberately talking about them specifically because that 's what brexit was about . 
  it was n't a vote on immigration , it was a vote on eu immigration . 
  what 's funny is that statistically eu immigration was the most profitable for the uk , they produced the most tax revenue and took the least benefits , and therefore allowed the tory government to invest more into public services all the while keeping their pledge of balancing the deficit by 2020 . 
  now the tories are having to break that pledge despite how much we 've suffered for it just to shelter us from the recession , and guess what that means , more money being printed by that central bank that so many leave voters seem to hate on . 
  all of it deflating the value of the hard working classes wages and saving . 
  making it harder for pensioners to make ends meet in drafty council flats . 
   let 's not just ignore that the eu is the reason eu countries are forced to accept migrants from all sorts of other places . 
  false . 
  the eu is not forcing any countries to accept refugees . 
  those countries have acknowledge the rights of people in those countries to claim asylum , there is exists certain international law ( which britain subscribes to and will continue to subscribe to ) that means if someone can reach your country and prove they in fact from that country , then that country has an obligation to offer asylum . 
  the eu forced anyone to do that . 
  there has only been talk of refugee quotas and sharing , but it 's unlikely to pass due to so many countries not wanting it . 
  in reality , greece has been letting them in due to being lazy about securing their seas and borders . 
  germany has been encouraging them to come because it wants economic growth relative to its ageing population . 
  the problems in other countries have been due to schengen , because if refugees can make it to denmark or sweden , then they have the right to claim asylum . 
  schengen , being something that britain is not even a member of , yet another perk we had within the eu , that we 're going to throw away , and if we find out in 10 years time that life outside the eu sucks and have to reapply in desperation , you can be damn sure we wo n't be getting any perks whatsoever . 
  if we were schengen the uk would be having a terrible refugee crisis right now , because the uk is the most terrible for most refugees due to the language and multicultural society . 
  however , leaving the eu might achieve the same problem , when the french ship all the immigrants onto ferries . 
  he explained why that would n't fix anything . 
  their companies just fold , they have no equity because they pay out all their income as payroll . 
  yeah ca n't really fight it when it 's just an endless cycle of shell companies . 
  sadly , they 're really exploiting the law to make it impossible for there to be any ramifications . 
  google ca n't sue them , because they 've done nothing to them , and even if one of these companies did try to sue google , all that could is happen is that they 'd lose , and google , having the resources , could probably recoup their legal fees , but otherwise there 's nothing to sue . 
  these companies do n't even have assets , because the owners take all the money out as payroll . 
  even if you shut them down , you 've only inconvenienced one of hundreds of shell companies doing the same thing . 
  so even if google wanted to , there 's no way to fuck them up . 
  the only thing that would solve this is political pressure on the judiciary to investigate the judges . 
  `` the eu is not about the formation of a superstate '' is a fact . 
  and yes we still are the a back of the queue , just because obama is slightly less threatening after the vote does n't mean the us is going to drop everything to come to the uk 's aide . 
  what 's funny is the lies the leave side are telling themselves . 
  so when all the politicians , the economists , imf , bank of england , and even foreign governments including the us president are saying it 's a terrible idea , all you see is the `` super rich '' saying they vote stay because they do n't have any problems ? 
  yet , in all my years in the uk , i 've always been able to get a doctor 's appoint on the day or the day after , and most specialists within 2 weeks . 
  honestly , i think the people claiming about wait times do n't seem to realise our system requires you to make an emergency appointment for anything that ca n't wait weeks . 
   the eu was being incredibly strict . 
  makes me feel like they are scared other countries will follow suit , so they clamp down and be extremely harsh to scare other people into staying in the eu . 
  i do n't like that . 
  they should be giving incentives for people to stay instead of scaring them into doing it by saying they will impose sanctions . 
  like a mobster saying `` we will fuck you up if you do n't pay the fare '' rather than a police officer saying `` we ca n't protect you if you do n't pay taxes '' sort of thing . 
  so the eu looks like it wo n't last much longer with that mentality driving it . 
  bail ship now is better than in 10 years when we are too deep . 
  lol , ever heard about appeasement ? 
  i believe the uk tried that with the germans once , did n't work well . 
   i was not pleased with our current political leadership and wanted change , knew this would trigger a change . 
  glad we are getting it . 
  change yes , but probably not change for the better . 
  you must be smoking crack if you think an unelected government will do better than the elected one . 
   there were no arguments for either side that really convinced me either way in any campaign . 
  since my family is quite wealthy , we are pretty well off either way . 
  so i have more freedom to vote either way . 
  so you did n't listen to people like the imf and the bank of england saying it would only be made . 
  you did n't realise and assess the situation yourself , you just waited for `` arguments '' , one minute sound bites , that would tell you what to do . 
  then you voted on an entirely selfish basis , because you 're rich and wo n't be affected by the job losses , so who cares right ? 
   to be fair , the pound has since recovered to pre-brexit levels and then some . 
  ahahaha , it 's so funny what your brexiteers spread around without taking a second to check the facts . 
  the pound is currently worth $ 1.31 , pre-brexit it was worth $ 1.49 , 2 years before that when we had political stability it was worth $ 1.70 . 
  right before brexit it was more like $ 1.49, 
   imagine if mps blocked this now . 
  remain voters may be happy at that but consider the ramifications of that . 
  a block would be a victory for democracy and blow against vicious small minded racism . 
  why is every leave voter in this thread starting by stating their still confident in their decision . 
  it 's laughable , there 's nothing to be confident in . 
  we all knew it was a terrible decision but you did it anyway , choo choo all aboard the recession train . 
  lol it is happening as we speak . 
  the french simply have n't go around to revoking our border agreement , they ca n't until we actually invoke article 50 . 
  we do need an emergency budget , however , this would be politically unpopular , so instead of that , the tories have given up their pledge to balance the deficit , which means we 're going to start printing money to keep capital flowing , increasing inflation and devaluing your wages and saving . 
  we 'll pay for all this with austerity and tax rises further down the line . 
   the pound whilst yes it took a hit is recovering well,
