  they ca n't make laws , they are a institution tasked by the government to advise them on this stuff , and then the government makes the laws . 
  happens in all countries not just to the uk . 
  america has quangos too , for example icann, 
  i know tonnes of louis 's and lewis 's, 
  hate these embarrassments of people , most british people are n't like this i promise . 
  i 'm glad i 'm not the only one who 'd noticed this . 
  american expats are the worst , we britons are no saints either and some brits are equally bad as the worst americans too , but i find it 's worse on average with americans and so frequently they just wo n't blend into the culture and stop comparing how things are back home . 
  also things that are universally understood as superior in all countries other than america , for example german beer , is only equally good as american in their minds . 
  americans are endlessly commenting on the most banal differences in a negative way . 
  milk tastes different , the eggs are the wrong size , the toilet paper is n't right , the packaging is n't good enough . 
  it 's like they are suffering from some cognitive issue by being in europe , as if to them europe is the absolute representation of `` the other '' and they are always having to prove to themselves why they believe america is inherently superior . 
  it 's as if being `` american '' to them is so essential to their identity that they ca n't for one moment stop being `` an american '' and just be . 
  all expats moan do n't get me wrong it 's pretty much universal , but i 've definitely noticed that expats from anywhere else tend to moan about the same stuff , the drivers in italy or the unfriendly service you occasionally get in germany , things at are renown for being below the standard you might expect in other developed nations . 
  however americans often seem to come out with these gems that nobody else seems to have a problem with , things that are little more than superficial differences to what they 're used which they blow out of all proportion . 
  i do n't know how they manage to stay abroad most the time because giving a shit about pathetic small things is the best way to ruin your experience in another country . 
  `` when in rome '' is not a concept that many americans seem to have grasped . 
  ` backward ' and if they 're being more subtle ` quaint ' seem to be really common american insults towards the rest of the world . 
  some type of compensation for their lack of history compared to most the world . 
  the great irony in this is , safe blood transfusion was made possible by the european discovery of blood groups . 
  the car was invented by a german . 
  furthermore the actual concept of an aeroplane was not invented by an american either but was well established by european scientists . 
  iron ships were invented in europe . 
  rocket propulsion was naturally invented by a german . 
  i mean this is some unique facet of american culture that they assume they invented stuff without even checking the facts . 
  they also like to rewrite the history books accrediting americans for stuff by moving the goal posts around , for example to their deluded minds goddard invented rockets because he made the first `` liquid '' fuelled rocket and blood transfusion was `` invented '' in america because that 's where the first modern blood transfusion actually took place . 
  ford invented the car because he was the first to market it on a wide scale and so on . 
  another great american hero edison who pretty much invented nothing and just took patents from european researchers , tweaked them a bit and called them his own . 
  this type of revisionism is exactly what hitler did during ww2 with his `` all roads lead to munich '' type logic . 
  [ photo ] ( http://new2.fjcdn.com/thumbnails/comments/are+you+trying+to+make+fun+of+my+country+pic+_baae65a83eefaa7c738f4d450a547512.jpg ), 
   my face when the british call sidewalks `` pavements '', 
   my face when the british call cookies `` biscuits '', 
   my face when the british call diapers `` nappies '', 
   my face when the british call blinkers `` indicators '', 
   my face when the british call bubblers `` drinking fountains '', 
   my face when the british call african americans `` black people '', 
   my face when the british call freedom fries `` chips '', 
   my face when the british call the leader of the free world `` the president '', 
   my face when the british call star spangled liberty towels `` flags '', 
   my face when the british call double double extra double cheese hoagies `` sandwiches '', 
   my face when the british call tasty water `` mayonnaise '', 
   my face when the british call liberation shootin ' vacation `` an invasion '', 
   my face when the british call freedom bang bang presents `` missiles '', 
   my face when the british call haute cuisine `` fast food '', 
   my face when the british call the third world `` canada '', 
   my face when the british call pursuit of happiness go-karts `` mobility scooters '', 
   my face when the british call thomas edison bright makers `` light bulbs '', 
   my face when the british call cheap labor servants `` mexican immigrants '', 
  what worse is the guy rationally explaining how living in a civilised society require people to pay tax , how the individual has both directly and indirectly benefited from the existence of the state , is getting massively down voted and someone has linked a video equating government spending to buying you 6000 tonnes of cat food you do n't need . 
  i 'd sure like to see they utopian lifestyle these idiot would lead in a world without any social services , i 'm sure defending your home from rampant pillaging mobs would leave plenty of time for life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness . 
  [ do n't run away from animals ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kujmrcf0zxu ), 
  u wot m8 ? 
  auditory rape lol , douchebag *, 
  freud 's theories were far from bullshit and have contributed to philosophy greatly . 
  his theories are n't strictly true in the empirical literal sense but have massive ramifications for anyone trying understand the human condition in a more profound sense . 
  we are far too literal today because we 're only looking for quick results . 
  hermeneutic knowledge seems to be one thing that has totally bypassed the public consciousness and it 's a shame . 
  reading this thread makes me despair , people do n't seem to get that what seems loopy to us is only appearing so due to hundred of years of collective knowledge . 
  for example to theorise about aether is merely to hypothesis an entity and to test those prepositions . 
  it 's how all knowledge begins . 
  so many people these days sermonise about being scientifically enlightened without the first clue about how such knowledge comes to be . 
  weird , the trinidad accent seems to have some odd similarities with welsh, 
  pretty sure slavery ended way before they left . 
  i agree , the more privileged people are ( in the old fashioned sense of the word not the sjw sense ) , the more cunty people seem to become . 
  their interaction was all about power after all , and then the whole `` do n't touch me '' insinuating the other person is being violent even when they 're not is really just another threat daring someone is escalate the situation . 
  if these people were civilised , if someone was swearing on the phone then it would be simply be a matter of telling that person their behaviour was disrupting other passengers and to cease doing so , then that person would apologise profusely and either take the call elsewhere or end the call to take it later . 
  however with people like this , on both sides , it 's never like that . 
  it 's always a matter of my right to do this over your right to discipline people and it ends up in a childish situation where someone has to exercise their rights to full extend , whether that be kicking up a fuss or kicking someone off a train . 
  you call him a pa ( y ) triot , and yet by all legal definitions he was a traitor to the crown !, 
  aww cute newbie . 
  most of us were feeling like this in 2006 but now we 're burnt out husks who do n't even see the world or other players when we play , our minds having whittled down the game to nothing but stats , progression and repetition . 
  i 'm glad you 're having fun even if you 're late to the party . 
  this thread is kinda retarded . 
  all these things have benefited humanity even if not directly , if we could n't make them we 'd be further behind in human progression , which is kinda stupid . 
  whoop i got tris from divergent , fyi i 'd hit that so i 'm pretty happy . 
  yet we were more advanced than all peoples : , 
  lol that was filmed in leamington spa . 
  america , always leading the world ... 
  because the us constitution ca n't save you from the divine right of kings , dat why !, 
  itt : nationalists making this about the expectation that the royals will be treated well in america , missing the point about the us media whitewashing cheney and hayden . 
  the royals are just foreign emissaries from a closely allied nation , it 's expected that they 'd be treated decently , the point is that cheney and hayden are being given an easy time . 
  i 'm sorry but you 're just wrong . 
  britain won the falklands easily , argentine was never a threat , it was more to do with avoiding any global political backlash . 
  the british empire was highly reasonable with the people it conquered for the time . 
  the war for american independence was partially to do with the back that the british wanted to honour the treaties it had with the indigenous populations . 
  many of the countries it conquered were in absolute technologically backwards chaos , the empire built roads , railways and created order . 
  raping and pillaging were never performed in any great quantity . 
  the problem was that when you civilise a nation it wo n't be long before there are those who want to take political power for themselves , and it 's logistically difficult to control a vast empire once the citizenry have become organised . 
  plenty of indians and native americans preferred british rule to those who succeeded them . 
  i 'm sorry but the narrative of the empire being some type of force for evil is complete bollocks.propagated by delusional far lefties , the envious , and those who wanted nothing more to see the british empire diminished . 
  sure there was bad things happening such as in the boer war and the boxer rebellion , but by the standards of the time the british empire was a just rulership . 
  so how do you like those apples ? 
  not a nationalist here . 
  just think your talk of rape and pillage is a load of bollocks . 
  the british empire was the most successful out of any of those nations , it also gave the world the world a huge amount of it 's laws and justice including the common law system . 
  probably historically the most successful nation ever to exist . 
  not to mention the industrial revolution being maybe the greatest contributor to the modern world . 
  also the country that pretty much ended slavery along with denmark . 
  but no , none of this made the orchestrators of the most successful empire in the universe as far as we know wise , it was all pure fluke and ruthless ambition , no merit whatsoever . 
  seriously get with reality , this modern notion that somehow sitting in a wooden hut eating berries and dying at 40 of cholera is wise is pathetic . 
  153 is so much better,
