  honestly my grades were n't as good at school because it was mostly tedious busy work . 
  one thing that really strikes me about the american accent is the dutch influence . 
  if you 're multilingual it really helps to pick out certain sounds that may have influenced a certain dialects . 
  imo the american tendency to nasalise certain phonemes is a way remarkably similar to dutch . 
  i 'm sorry , but the buyer is in the inherently weaker position , sure , nobody wants to lose a good customer so it 's not entirely one sided , but that also depends on the product 's availability . 
  the uk is next door to the biggest single market in the entire world , geography ca n't be changed , and you ca n't expect other countries to offer exactly the same products and services that the eu offers . 
  going back to the analogy it 's not poor at all , but of course , if you live in a street with 20 smack dealers , yeah , there 's more pressure to not lose a reliable client , but that 's not the case at all . 
  even if the analogy is exaggerating slightly , it does n't change the fact that it 's utter moronic to believe that just because we purchase a lot of stuff from the eu they need us more than we need access to their markets . 
  2.7 trillion usd economy vs the 16 trillion usd on the eu . 
  it 's clear that the uk is in the weaker position to anyone with an ounce of actual common sense ( not the kind of common sense idiocy like the bloc of labour fallacy that eurosceptics often subscribe to . ), 
  no , i 'm not confused about the historical origins at all , i 've just quoted a nice easily digestible source that discusses the who traditions , if you want i can provide more material discussing the two traditions and where they have their origins . 
  what very confusing is your insistence that there are `` more limits '' when those limits are on decisions that the common law judiciary are n't even legally entitled to make . 
  juries make those decisions under common law , they 're not bound by the same procedural concerns but the power does n't lie with a judge , thus the well accepted belief that civil law judges have more power in their court . 
  i think the swiss will be disappointed with the skiing in scotland . 
  i agree but i think you 're missing the extent of the effect of the 2008 crisis . 
  even though people might not explicitly believe that labour were responsible , there is a more primitive and inescapable almost religious logic that says when things go wrong it must what went before it that is to blame . 
  the new labour dream of the 90s and 00s died a death with the crisis , despite the fact that their policy had been extremely solid for the most part . 
  patriotism is n't something you should actively engage in imo . 
  active patriotism is foolish . 
  that tinge of pride you feel when your nation does something well is fine . 
  that 's a naive idea of what happened . 
  it 's not like anyone at the time expected it to happen . 
  if they had then they 'd have taken a different course of action . 
  the political theory behind their actions was sound , the third way is still the most effective model for society . 
  this populist hate for neoliberalism is nothing but the worst kind of sophistry . 
  the irony is that people bitch about neoliberal policy , but they do n't offer any alternatives if they 're sane . 
  the nutjobs living in either a delusional left wing fantasy where everything is nationalised and somehow remains competitive and the right wing living in a golden age fantasy where men called a spade a spade and the poor relied on charity and the church to survive . 
  new labour had great policy , and they were blindsided by an event that nobody but the most paranoid and ideologues even suspected could happen . 
  the academic left have been predicting the imminent collapse of capitalism since its inception . 
  their voices were not credible grounds to change a shift in economic policy for the most , and while tonnes of anti capitalist ideologues said `` i told you so '' when it happened , very few had any concrete evidence that it would happen . 
  reality is that the neoliberal thinking of the era was mostly sound , it just did n't account for the fact that so many people were gaming the property market in a way they 'd convinced most people was legit . 
  that has little to do with regulation of finance you know . 
  also i know a fair old bit about codetermination . 
  such concepts were being banded around back in the 70s during times of industrial crisis , but very rarely did either side , neither unions nor management , make them work . 
  both germany and the uk were going through a period of industrial issues but germany were able to make it work , whereas we were not and had to shift to a service based economy . 
  the marine came back to life after being eaten by a giant space worm , definitely fake !, 
  german idealism still affecting german public consciousness i see . 
  will they ever accept that the categorical imperative is dumb ? 
  actually kant does have a lot with the grundgesetz as he was basically the starting point for german moral thinking and his legacy of moral thought runs deeply through german culture . 
  if you ca n't see how a system of law that with the constitutional principle that starts with `` human dignity is inviolable '' and then moves to conclude that to mean that one can not make greater good decision in regard to human dignity has n't been influenced by kantian thought then you simply do n't get what i 'm talking about . 
  this kind of moral rationalism directly opposes itself to thoughts like utilitarianism , consequentialism , moral relativism and sentimentalism , and the seat of its influence has always been the german speaking nations . 
  i do think the german idealists were a bit dumb i 'm afraid :p but i 'm entitled to my opinions surely !, 
  and yet stuff like the mpu better known as the idiotentest is completely respecting human dignity and totally not a gross overstepping of a government 's authority in a rather terrifying direction . 
  point is that ultimately it 's all subjective and what violating human dignity compromises depends on your interpretation . 
  honestly i think there is something utterly fascinating about conspiracies and conspiracy theorists . 
  there 's just something in it that is so revealing about how people are capable of quite naturally thinking when question one or two axiomatic assumptions about reality . 
  i do n't think there 's something inherently `` stupid '' about conspiracy theorists . 
  i mean if you look at some of the bodies of work these people have put together , while there 's a lot of just hypomanic nonsense and terrifying schizophrenic paranoid jargon , some of it 's quite impressive . 
  perhaps not completely factual or completely logical , but legible and with a complex internal structure . 
  they 're not all just `` crazies '' . 
  seems to me like it 's some kind of mental change usually triggered when a radical shift in belief occurs , often triggered by the resurfacing of some long repressed doubt or the unexpected event that forces them to question a deeply internalised worldview . 
  it 's like they get caught in a logic trap which is basically `` if there exists an all powerful force that 's controlling everything then it 's logical to assume everything that social authority encourages people to believe could be false . '', 
  then it 's followed by `` if anything could false then i must assess all sources of information equally '' . 
  if they 're feeling particularly disturbed due to have their worldview undermined then they gravitate towards that conspiratorial worldview . 
  it 's almost like some weird kind of externalised cartesian doubt . 
  it 's like their lost in some kind of philosophical quagmire . 
  i think it 's actually pretty revealing about how people in ancient cultures used to think . 
  the obsession with symbology , the linking of seeming unrelated events , the religious type thinking . 
  the craziest thing is that humans were probably in this state of over the course of history for a much longer time than they have n't been . 
  that makes no sense . 
  my very point is that their ideas lead them to question the valid of society hold to be facts . 
  if you attack the axioms of knowledge , then anything can be doubted . 
  the point is n't that they ignore facts , the point is they 've convinced themselves that what you call facts are n't so . 
  he 's not saying `` destroy races you perceive as lazy '' though , he 's saying that the only way to achieve a society that does n't require fear as a moral motivator would be to destroy all the people who do n't actively take an ethical position in life and rely on fear of punishment as their motivation to act `` good '' . 
  destroy here does n't mean `` kill '' either . 
  he just means that the only way that state , in which fear is not needed , could be achieved would be if all the people for whom it is necessary were to be gone . 
  russell is philosophically the last person to invoke `` transcendent reason '' , in fact his philosophy is mostly reactionary to such ideas . 
  russell saw german idealism following kant , with it 's concepts of transcendental idealism , and the belief that moral certainty could be derived from a priori reason , purely from the analysis of concepts , as harmful in the extreme , as he saw it as leading to the kind of moral absolutism that justified the kind of totalitarianism and anti-liberalism that was common in france and germany in the 19th century , which he believed eventually expressed itself absolutely in the nazi movement . 
  sure , `` races '' is an unfortunate term , as it now has clear eugenic overtones , but ultimately russell was a product of his era and did n't write in a way we would deem acceptable nor did he have the kind of ethnographic and genetic understanding of the human race that we have . 
  at the time , the assignment of human failing to `` bad stock '' was considered common knowledge . 
  the very core of the empiricism born positivist thinking of russell 's era was that objective facts do exist separately from how we interpret them and the meaning we assign to them . 
  the idea that somehow states of the universe are irreducibly inseparable from the meaning we assign them is not one much of the world takes seriously ( and even less so in those days ) . 
  arguable this is still the core of the split between analytic and continental philosophers . 
  russell was ethically a non-cognitivist . 
  he believed all statements such as `` x is good '' were actually disguised statements of one 's sentimental attitude towards the world . 
  `` murder is bad '' is semantically the same as `` i dislike murder '' . 
  he certain did n't think he knew the secret to a moral or good life . 
  what he did believe though was that the objective and scientific should be strictly differentiated from what is subjective and the product of the idiosyncrasies of our personal relationship to the world . 
  this is essentially what he 's talking about here , he 's warning people not to fall into the `` beautiful thoughts '' of the idealists such as kant , hegel , husserl , which he saw as being notions that people want to believe but are n't actually the case . 
  he 's also warning people about the `` noble lie '' harking back to plato , which states one should provide a moral narrative that produces that best possible results but not one that actually has its basis in the material reality of the world . 
  to quote the man himself ,, 
   `` a man may be pardoned if logic compels him regretfully to reach conclusions which he deplores , but not for departing from logic in order to be free to advocate crimes '', 
  in russell mind objective facts do exists , and our access to them is entirely empirical and never due to some profound insight as to their greater meaning or significance . 
  he would n't even consider it the philosophers job to ascertain facts of this nature , but rather that of a scientist . 
  was he entirely wrong ? 
  the population of africa did boom in the time between his saying that and now , the white population in western nations did cease to increase . 
  a huge factor in the population of africa has been healthcare or conflict based . 
  we might not like his terminology , nor his conceptualising of the issue , he certainly was n't far off when it came to the facts . 
  russell might believe some things that a modern understanding would consider dubious , but he never thought that he had some kind of superior or unquestionable access to the facts . 
  ultimately what he said in op 's video is not to do with these politically outdated opinions . 
  it seems to me to be a perfectly reasonable belief to think that facts can feasibly be differentiated from from our subjective opinion of them , and that advising people to do so is n't some indicator of a hidden assumption of having superior access to them . 
  it 's of note that late russell renounced any belief in eugenics after ww2 , and this later russell was undoubtedly more cautious in his moral assertions . 
  yes , the perfect tense , you realise we still have in english though right , we just dropped the prefix ? 
  it 's why in english we distinguish between `` i 've seen it '' and `` i saw it '' . 
  the english perfect is still often used to indicate an event is completed and being treated as unitary finished event . 
  `` at 8pm i will have been cleaning the house for 3 hours ( and still not finished ) '', 
  `` by 8pm i will have cleaned the house ( and will be done with the work ) '', 
  i 'm a bit confused about what you 're asking . 
  i 'm no expert on old english , but it seems likely that a future modal verb i.e will , could be combined with a past participle verb and an auxiliary verb to create the same meaning . 
  in old english however these things like the perfect and future `` tenses '' ( which are n't true tenses because they 're constructed by combining multiple verbs rather than changing the verb itself .
