  damn i 'm late so this will probably get buried but anyway :, 
  absentmindedly shoved my jacket in the face of random woman at a fancy graduation party . 
  it was an after graduation thing with faculty , graduates , and parents . 
  i took my jacket off while i was trying to do something that required my attention , i think i was signing something , in my peripheral vision i could just see a figure that looked vaguely like my mother who 'd just been walking behind me , so i just stuck my hand to the left and mumbled `` hold this a minute '' without properly looking . 
  she does n't take it so i just lift it up higher so she can see it all the while not properly turning around . 
  when i do turn around to my horror it 's some stuffy looking women completely bemused by the fact that i seem to expect her to hold my jacket . 
  inception - i find this film so boring . 
  i expected it to have more depth . 
  instead you get a ridiculous premised action flick , full of arbitrary mechanics . 
  all the christian bale batman films , the dark knight i wanted to sleep through , the dark knight rise was slightly better but still bad . 
  do not understand the hype around these at all . 
  avengers ( and a bunch of other marvel films ) : completely boring and predictable , do n't get what the appeal is . 
  some of them are decent , many and just bad , none of them are outstanding . 
  i 'm not hugely into sci-fi or anything either , i am partial the occasional film though and the original star wars was something i enjoyed a lot as kid , and they just seem to be brilliantly crafted stories to me . 
  the narrative is that of a classic western but in space , the character are eminently likeable , and they have great interactions together . 
  i would n't call star wars a great sci-fi , i 'd call it great story telling and great film making . 
  the narrative is well paced and the whole thing managed to avoid over complication so that even someone who knew nothing to sci fi could understand the characters and their problems . 
  honestly if you wanted to write the book on how to make a perfect family friendly sci-fi saga , that can be enjoyed by all ages , the original star wars films would n't be a bad place to start . 
  i am a kubrick fan but think that 's one of my least favourite films he made tbh . 
  i just never found the narrative that compelling . 
  was m8 ? 
  one guy told me that `` color '' was `` more original '' because it was more similar to latin than colour . 
  i explained that although `` color '' was the latin word , the first usages of the word in the british isles were as colour , because of it being borrowed from a later form of french , and that actually `` color '' did n't become popular until the 17th century when trying to make english more like latin became popular . 
  despite this he still maintained that `` color '' was more original because latin is the original language and that 's what matters . 
  i think there is a bit of a national insecurity about the language in the us and claiming american english to `` more original '' is there way of allaying some of their anxiety around the suspicion that the english they speak many not be considered entirely proper . 
  it 's amazing how much nationalism can be found in linguistic attitudes , spelling , and grammar quarrels . 
  even stuff like the oxford comma , whether to put punctuation inside or outside the quotation marks , whether phrases like `` i have got '' or `` i did n't do it yet '' are grammatical can trigger a mountain of nationalistic shit posting . 
  pie master race checking in , get behind me peasant !, 
  even shakespeare could n't decide how to spell his name . 
  nobody gave a shit back then . 
  not that surprising . 
  birmingham used to be almost exclusively `` long '' `` broad '' - a ( back open unrounded vowel ) for those kinds of words , and now it 's entirely northern style . 
  i definitely think it 's got something to do with the southern style becoming perceived as posh . 
  it absolutely two separate vowels for anyone with a southern accent , although they might not actually realise it . 
  you dont tend to be very good at dissecting accents and speech unless you actually make an effort . 
  this becomes very obvious if you speak another language . 
  for example the german short u sound is the same as the foot put vowel . 
  if i use the cup and hut vowel they tend to interpret it as an - a. 
  the lack of this vowel split in some british accents is the reason why people on reddit often render fucking as fooking when they see content with british peopl . 
  also fuck is a good example of a word affected by the split , notice how cockney speakers often make fuck sound like facking , this is because of linguistic drift , and would n't make sense of the vowel was the same as in put . 
  i think the point is that his decision now might well come round and bite him in the ass . 
  he 's winning the support of the faith and the common folk but is upsetting the order amongst the noble houses . 
  we ca n't be certain how it will work out for him for now , but i think he 's heading for trouble . 
   english is less rigid on grammar ,, 
  not really true from a linguistic standpoint . 
  for example , german might have a demanding noun declension and verb conjugation , but you can say a sentence in a vast number of ways , the word order is very fluid . 
  english rigid in comparison . 
  might be better to say that the fundamentals of english grammar are easier to remember and get right than the fundamentals of other languages . 
  the traditional pronunciation in the west country as actually a vowel that sits in a similar position to the north one , but is deliberately extended . 
  afaik the reason we have two ways of saying `` last '' is because the of the long and short vowel system from old english . 
  it used to be that all english dialects extended this vowel , the north stopped extending while the south moved the position of the vowel to `` ah '' . 
  `` ay '' is n't a vowel at all , it 's a diphthong . 
  if i buy a flight i 'll go ryan air or fly be or whoever , but if someone else is causing me to fly they can bloody well pay for me to go on a decent airline , and if it 's further than a few hours they can put me in business class too . 
  fly be does n't let you do mobile pass either fyi . 
  not even if you 're within the eu . 
  you have to either print it yourself or pay through the nose to have the pass printed . 
  i do n't think he was suggesting that it were in london . 
  the airport is london-luton airport . 
  none of the london airports are in london really , except city obviously , heathrow technically is but is still miles out . 
  point is that the airports that serve london . 
  luton - bedfordshire , stansted - hertfordshire , gatwick - west sussex , all `` london '' airports . 
  all the budget airports fly out of airports miles away from where they 're actually meant to be . 
  it 's not unusual to get off an easyjet flight only to realise the airport is an hour 's train journey from anywhere of interest . 
  totally worth it when you 're flying somewhere 2 hours away ... 
  that 's unrealistic , after the initial calamity they 'd still have millions of copies of all the most vital information preserved for them . 
  it would really just be a period between the adults dying and social order ( in whatever form ) being restored . 
  i think you , and many others in this thread , are underestimating human nature . 
  our perception of 15 year olds might be dumb irresponsible idiots , but compare that to a 15 year old in a 3rd world country who already acts and behaves more like a world weary western 30 something in many regards . 
  i really do n't think 15 year olds not volunteering for manual labour would be a problem , because in this high scarcity world they would n't have much choice in the matter , it would be work or do n't eat , hell it might even be work or be killed . 
  once the initial shit show was over , with all the infrastructure breaking down , mass starvation , nuclear reactors leaking from lack of maintenance , it would n't take long for a new power structure to emerge , with the most cunning and ruthless teenagers rising to the top . 
  most likely then lots of effort would be put into rebuilding and salvaging as much of the old technology as was feasibly possible , as these things would be a way for the new power bearers to cement their hold and gain the complicity of the other survivors . 
  main point being , you certainly do n't need to wait for people to see that shitty jobs are necessary and selflessly do them . 
  hell , society has never worked that way . 
  the only reason those jobs get done at all is because of the incredibly complex system of labour that is imposed on us by the power holders of our own society . 
  there has never been a society in history that did n't have some mechanism whereby the powerful could force people to do stuff they generally did n't want to do . 
  you can do with with slavery , you can do with threats of the gulag if you do n't comply , or you can do it on the basis that `` i have something you need and if you do the job i 'll let you have it '' . 
  ultimately , all societies force someone to clean the streets and remove the shit , you can talk about the nobility of providing such civil services until you 're blue in the face , only a tiny minority of people would volunteer to clean the streets is there were no way of forcing people to do it . 
  we might have things like welfare and social support these days , but we 're still very much a society of the carrot and the stick . 
  oil drilling would be a skill that would be gradually be recovered , and yes , you can learn it from a book . 
  on the job training is about practising the skills need to operate drilling facilities . 
  however , all the information in abstract is in the millions of books on the subject . 
  it does n't matter if a bunch of 15 year olds ca n't operate a modern oil drill , but eventually , as society begins to re-emerge , it would be able to draw on that academic knowledge and slowly recreate . 
  even if they have to go back to the methods used for oil drilling used 100 years ago , they 'd slowly recreate it . 
  most of what people seem to be talking about here is n't knowledge , but rather `` know how '' . 
  knowing the abstract concepts behind oil extraction and refinement is knowledge , knowing how this specific oil rig functions and which things to do to make it retrieve oil without exploding is just `` know how '' . 
  `` know how '' is what would be lost for the most part , the kind of stuff you find in obscure operation manuals . 
  that 's not the same as losing knowledge of oil and how it functions . 
  you say that , but a 100 years ago oil mining operations could be run with a crew of a few hundred at the most . 
  in this scenario you ca n't expect society to go straight back to doing things the way they are currently done , but that society would surely be aware of the significance of oil and what it can do , it would be a learning process , but a highly accelerated one . 
  people in the past had to invent everything entirely new , whereas this society would only have to construct the kind of technology we had 100 years ago , and then essentially have a cheat sheet allowing them to jump ahead in stages to increase efficiency . 
  6000 years ? 
  it only took us 600 to go from the dark ages up to now . 
  imagine if in the dark ages , instead of finding roman and greek texts from a pre-industrial society , we found modern school science text books and modern literature . 
  we 'd probably be living on jupiter by now if that had been the case . 
  it does n't really work like that though , it does n't matter whether power plants keep on churning , without someone managing the grid , checking the data is all correct , responding and rerouting the flow of electricity when necessary , monitoring the ratio of electricity production to demand , it would be days ( or maybe hours ) until some fatal problem occurred and took the whole grid offline . 
  those power plants could keep turning over for years , but it would all be being funnelled into burnt out non-function sub-stations almost the moment people stopped taking care of it . 
  that 's why he 's upset ... 
  funny how humanity managed to survive the ice age , competing species with near human intelligence , apex predators like tigers and lions , but leave a few billion 15 year olds alone with all the information needed to slowly build a modern society and we go extinct . 
  well naturally reading 100 books wo n't allow you to make the perfect oil drilling system . 
  however , they 'd have those books to build on , and then they 'll go out and build a shitty drill on a small scale , and then they would be practising those skills , then they 'd make a better one on a larger scale , and then a better one and so forth .
