  a french speaker will probably have an easier time with italian than german , and a german might have an easier time with swedish than french . 
  while they are all generically european languages , that does n't actually make them that similar . 
  asian languages might look a lot different , but that does n't even mean they 're objectively harder . 
  anyone who has learnt french , german , and english has experience a lot of linguistic diversity because these are linguistically diverse languages . 
  stop decrying that achievement by acting like they 're `` so similar it hurts '' . 
  it 's both childish and wrong . 
  yes and no . 
  i read a good historical article about hitler 's relationship with england . 
  hitler never went to england , although there was some allegation that he travelled to liverpool as a young man there is no evidence to collaborate that assertion . 
  from his writing , we know hitler has a somewhat strange view of the united kingdom . 
  as anglo kids would play cowboys and indians back in those days , as a kid hitler played british and boers , and it 's anecdotally alleged that he preferred to be a boer ( this is unsurprising though as germany was wildly pro-boer during the boer war because the boers were seen as ethnically german ) . 
  hitler had limited exposure to the british during ww1 , where he actually developed a grudging respect for their soliders describing them as a `` hard race of people '' . 
  arguably hitler was exempted from the worst of the conflict though as he worked as a motorbike messenger behind enemy lines . 
  he would joke that the british were kind enough regularly cease their shelling at tea time to allow him to deliver his messages . 
  this may have contributed to his admiration for the british more than his fellow soldiers as he did n't have to spend hours being shot at by them every day . 
  hitler was also temporarily blinded in a mustard gas attack near the end of ww1 , which led to him sitting out the end of the war safely away from the front , this meant he did n't see the devastation that occurred once the british and french forces eventually broke the german lines . 
  again contributing to his ability to romanticise the british as `` sporting warriors '' . 
  hitler 's knowledge of the english language was pretty much non-existent . 
  while english was a language taught in austria when he was a boy is did n't have anything like the importance of today , and hitler was n't a gifted student . 
  it played a secondary role to languages like french and latin , and was only briefly touched on by students or was an additional subject . 
  i 'm not sure if hitler ever sat through any english lessons , but if he did he did n't really learn anything . 
  what we know is that hitler remarked on what he saw as english 's hopeless lack of phonetic spelling and frequent latin loans . 
  most likely he shared in the common european prejudice of the era , which was that english was a pedestrian language best suited to practical matters and completely ill-suited to higher arts like philosophy and poetry ( where the `` nation of shopkeepers '' stereotype hails from ) . 
  hitler did n't really know much about british politics or history , but what he did admire greatly , unsurprisingly , was the empire . 
  he had a romantic image of aryan nations conquering barbaric lands and subjugating the natives according to what he saw as the `` natural order '' of things , and spreading ayran seed to other parts of the globe . 
  certainly he admired the british control over india , and had a personal interest in india himself , seeing it as the birthplace of the aryan people ( see : the swastika ) . 
  under the nazis early on the media was quite positive towards britain , and did n't attempt to cast britain as germany 's enemy at all . 
  part of the reason for this was that britain was pointed to as an example of how a `` superior '' nation could subjugate inferior nations for its own purposes . 
  you ca n't underestimate the fact that german jealously of british dominance at sea and wealth through overseas holding was a driving factor in the nazi ideology . 
  obviously after the outbreak of war this all changed . 
  which was actually something that was difficult for the nazis , as they 'd spent all this time praising britain but now had to recast them as enemies of the german people . 
  goebbels was given this task , who unlike hitler , was a rampant anglophobe , and suddenly the rhetoric changed from `` our ayran brothers on the island '' to `` that jew-infested isle of decadency '' . 
  thus britain went from potential ally against the non-germanic foe to an example of what would happen to germany if the jews were n't stopped . 
  there are some great anti-british propaganda films like `` my life for ireland '' which used the conflicts between irish rebels and british forces as a context to stir up anti-british sentiment . 
  these films are actually fascinating and well worth a watch ( they 're on youtube ) , if only to see the hilarious portrayal of british and irish culture , which feels like it was written by someone who 'd only read about britain and ireland in books and had no real experience of the culture . 
  ultimately , what we can learn from a historical study of hitler is that hitler was not a particularly worldly man . 
  he knew about foreign cultures from stereotypes and books , but he did n't really have a good grasp of foreign culture ( such knowledge was of course much rarer in those days and people travelled less frequently ) . 
  this probably contributed to many of the tactical mistake he made during the war , which were based on outdated historical assumptions about different national characters rather than actual study of those cultures . 
  whatever , you 're just spouting a bunch of arrogance . 
  they are vastly different languages . 
  obviously they 're more similar to one another than chinese , but they still have a huge number of differences . 
  they are not even the most similar language to one another . 
  this kind of linguistic arrogance belongs on / r/badlinguistics i 'm afraid . 
  your argument is basically `` all european languages are the same '' , to which we might as well say that chinese and korean are the same . 
  it 's just not true , and you 're wrong . 
  except it 's not a misconception . 
  it 's a scientific reality that you for some reason want to oppose . 
  you 're just a fat logician trying to claim that modern science does n't understand how weight lose works , regardless of your own weight . 
  we know exactly how this works , we just have a lot of fat liars and self-justifying fools trying to convince everyone that science is wrong . 
  amazingly , when people 's diets are physically restricted e.g gastric band , or completely controlled , e.g someone in a hospital , we see predictable weight loss patterns . 
  the reason `` diets do n't work '' is because people go back to old habits soon as they think they 're in the clear . 
  uk is 87 % white . 
  so not over 90 % then . 
  i 'm curious , what was so cynical and exhausting about the 70s ? 
  ah ok , guess that did n't occur to me because i 'm not american . 
  in the uk the 70s are known for being full of economic strife and the collapse of the manufacturing sector , the oil crisis for example , strikes every week . 
  the 80s saw the rise of greed is good mentality and the abandonment of old institutions like nationalised industry and the unions . 
  3 % -5 % is quite a lot when you 're talking about a population . 
   it 's an overwhelmingly white country . 
  87 % is still a huge majority . 
  actually , being 87 % white makes it one of the more diverse developed nations in the world . 
  not really , we will be out of the eu , arrangements will be made for the non-national residents in eu and uk , an agreement will be put in place for business , an interim one or a permanent one , we 'll have to wait and see . 
  uk companies exporting to the eu will take a knock but the sky wo n't fall down . 
  point is while there 's a lot of `` big talk '' going on in public right now , it 's really not in anyone 's interest for there to economic catastrophe , which is why the markets are reacting the way they are ... cautious but not outright panic . 
  what happens to fom is really at question . 
  obviously the tories have committed themselves to it but that does n't mean they will deliver . 
  they lie a lot if you had n't noticed xd . 
  i would n't be surprised if we got a situation with fom to be phased out over 5 years or some bullshit , or the agreement will specify a new situation for people moving between the uk and the eu . 
  point is that there simply are n't the resources or incentives to revert to a pure 3rd state relationship trading under the wto . 
  of course the brexiteers were idiots when they claimed the eu needed the uk more than the uk need the eu , but it 's equally idiotic not to realise that britain and the eu are currently in a mutually beneficial relationship which , if destroyed overnight , would cause harm parties to the benefit of neither . 
  something will give before the deadline i can assure you , and if it does n't then i 'd recommend moving to canada or australia because we 'll have regressed to a level of ideology driven political discourse that has n't been seen in the west since the post-war period , and who knows what could happen then . 
  the smart money is on a shitty interim fta that will hurt the uk economy but not smash it to pieces . 
  once the political fall out is over a more attractive fta might be signed once the eu feels the message to the other eurosceptic eu member states has been delivered . 
  i was n't even questioning your argument . 
  i was just pointing out that the uk is 87 % white not `` over 90 % '' as you said . 
  i 'm pretty sure when you 're talking about a whole nation with millions of people in it a difference of 3 % is significant . 
  that 's like 2 million people you just missed out . 
  also `` over 90 % '' suggests more than 90 % itself , so really it 's actually probably more like 3-4 million you missed out . 
  as for your argument about the show , yes , the uk is majority white by a fair degree , and that does explain the white crowd . 
   they do n't do ` big talk ' unlike british politicians . 
  this is woefully naive . 
  no offence , but this is typical of british people who 've never actually spent time on the continent to think things are so much different over here . 
   not to mention that they are forcing may to either hold true to a year of her ` big talk ' , including the ` big talk ' of her own fucking manifesto in this election , or else betray all of this . 
  after the ge may will be safe for 4 years . 
  as i said before , the political fallout from a compromise will be preferable to the economic fall out of falling off a cliff . 
  business interest are way to powerful for this to be a strategy . 
  negotiations always work this way . 
  both parties threaten bloody murder and then , oh look , no long before calamity something gets worked out to keep everything running smoothly . 
  even if you listen to may , she is still intending to get an arrangement , and an arrangement she will get . 
  it wo n't be the one the bluekippers naively think they 're entitled to but it will happen . 
  if in a years time we see the pound drop even lower and capital flight out of britain then you might be on to something . 
  until then i 'd recommend watching the markets as they always know more than the ordinary folk anyway . 
  sampled this [ amazing dj shadow track ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_5ogk9n8y5s ), 
   furthermore , your insinuation that ideology will not prevail is incorrect . 
  well people have been saying that for decades and it never happened , because the economy fucking works , and politicians do n't . 
   tell people once again that the markets have the final say over our politicians . 
  people are idiots who think the economy is their enemy , it was such utter stupidity that resulted in brexit in the first place . 
   this whole this is about sticking to ideology and working to undermine democracy , by gerrymandering and corruption and any other way they can outside the regulations of the eu , so the tories do n't have to change their ideology in the face of dramatic demographic changes such as the rise of millenials . 
  do n't even know what you mean by that . 
  the tories have no deeply held ideology and neither do any of the major parties .
