  the meaning of `` weapon '' , while plain as day to humans , can never be reduced to a mathematical description . 
  thus we say that a concept like `` weapon '' supervenes on the physical world . 
  this means that for any object x that is defined as belonging to concept a , then if object y is physically identical to x , then y belongs to concept a as well . 
  however the same does not hold in reverse . 
  an object y need not share any physical properties with x in order to belong to concept a , and thus there is no way for us to mathematically define concept a in a way that can described in logical-mathematical terms that computers can work with . 
  to get to the end of this argument , a computer can not work in audio description , as a computer can not successfully recognise instances of concepts that humans naturally do with ease . 
  arguable a long time from now we might be able to have a `` good enough '' system . 
  a program that was complex enough to do audio description most of the time , provided it was n't confronted with novel material that lay outside the bounds of its prior experience and programming parameters . 
  it will still be constantly reliant on humans however to tell it when it 's successful recognised something as not being an x , or when it 's made a mistake and needs to define new parameters that will eventually let it deal with that instant of thing . 
  this however assumes that there is n't too much mathematical cross over between various concepts that it becomes impossible to distinguish between things in a purely mathematical way as the computer has so many definition that they become meaningless . 
  to avoid this a system would have to be so vastly complex that it boggles the mind . 
  ultimately , there 's a strong argument that computers , how we currently conceive of them , can never be true ais that think like humans , and can only ever be facsimiles that are no more conscious than an iphone . 
  tl ; dr if you do n't want to lose your job to a computer do something that involves abstraction conceptualisation , we 're a looooong way off having computers that do that shit . 
  you realise this was parodying the german new wave artist falco 's song amadeus right ? 
   it 's amazing . 
  so amazing that a bunch small minded bunch of english bigots felt like they needed to try and ruin it in the hope of the collapse of the eu . 
  i guess they could n't stand not being the centre of attention for once . 
  remember how many people were saying the eu would collapse without britain ? 
  looking pretty fucking stupid now are n't they . 
  yeah , police have to assume the worst in many situations because of what has happened in the past . 
  that said , i do n't agree that just because one copper got stabbed all coppers should have to be more cautious in all cases . 
  in america this thinking is rife which is why complete innocents end up getting shot because they put the police in a situation that matched one case where a policeman was killed . 
  assuming the worst is not the ideal way to live life . 
  it 's similar with terrorism , if we change our way of life just because a few terrorists exploited it , they win . 
  wow cosplay has got really professional lately . 
  or these are professionals there for promotion , either way , very badass . 
  the 1990s , the end of history and the rise of neoliberalism, 
  the 2020s , the rise of ideology and the death of neoliberalism, 
  i think they just put ordinary voices through software that makes it sound like that haha . 
  ah ok , i 'm just surprised at how big they are and at how he was able to tell which guy said that he wanted to hitch a ride only using sound picked up by a microphone . 
  definitely big enough to fit someone in there anyway . 
  my only hope is that the eu goes for the `` those who want more do '' approach and the uk can stay to some degree integrated with the eu . 
  removing fom is going to be nightmare and i really hope it fails horribly . 
  if we were willing to retain the fom then we could get ourselves a better trade deal , but still leave the union . 
  the problem with the soft brexit eea option is that it basically makes us bound by brussels but without any say , it makes leaving pointless . 
  i think an ideal solution would be to stay integrated with the eea to some degree by way of a trade deal but leave the customs union and therefore have the ability to negotiate trade outside of our borders , all the while keeping limited tariff free trade coming into the country from europe , freedom of services between eu and uk , and free trade on selected goods produced in the uk going to the eu zone ( most namely british food and fishery ) . 
  it sounds kinda crazy right ? 
  well yeah , but if britain could act as an independent trading bloc with some degree of free trade with the eu it might suit everyone . 
  for example , european companies want access to london , they 'd have it , london financial services want access to europe , they 'd have it , european companies want to keep selling in britain unimpeded , they could . 
  british companies might have to pay more to sell to the eu , but british manufacturing is kinda shitty , which is partially why all this happened . 
  lack of manufacturing has caused discontent in the working classes . 
  britain lacks decent paying semi-skilled work for people without tertiary education . 
  however , the reality is that while britain and germany were in the same trading zone the possibility for britain to build up its manufacturing was virtually non-existent as all the resources , skills , and infrastructure is over there . 
  outside the eu britain could sign trade deals places like india and china . 
  which itself would benefit manufacturing . 
  the gamble would be : will the advantages of new trading freedom with non-european markets off-set the cost of paying tariffs to sell goods in the european market ? 
  one would hope that europe would simple control for whatever benefit britain 's trade deals were giving it over eu member produced goods to try and level the playing field ( or put it slightly in their favour ) . 
  ideally , the situation for british manufacturers who export to the eu would be roughly the same after brexit after they restructure their supply chains to match the new market conditions . 
  they would save money purchasing outside the eu but lose money paying tariffs selling to eu markets . 
  meanwhile british manufacturing as a whole would have the opportunity expand into new non-eu markets hopefully giving the boost to british manufacturing needed to bring it back to life, 
  in this sense britain could function as a gateway to the european market , however one that the eu would be able to control of the `` valve '' on so to speak to prevent britain having an unfair advantage against european manufacturers within the eea . 
  britain can do what it wants in non-eu markets and build up its manufacturing in a way that would n't directly compete with eu manufacturing selling within the eu economies . 
  thing is , europe is never going to allow a situation like this unless britain were willing to compromise on other things . 
  i think the most important thing that they 'd want is unrestricted access to britain 's markets to ensure that eu companies were able to invest in and profit from any advantages britain derived from its new found trading position , and sadly this would probably include fom , as they 'd have to be sure eu citizens could partake in british companies in exactly the same way that britons could , lest britain leverage an unfair advantage . 
  also a restrospective approach could be taken , whereby britain would `` pay '' for this limited access to eu markets in a way that offset any fair advantages . 
  ideally it would be win-win for both the eu and the uk . 
  remember it does n't really hurt the eu economically if britain prospers economically outside of the eu , provided it 's not at the expense of eu member state economies . 
  it would hurt them ideologically if britain immediately saw economic benefits , but even with an ideal outcome like this it might take years before britain was able to sufficiently restructure its economy to see any real benefit . 
  it would be the truly global brexit that may pretended she wanted insofar as it would open the british economy to the rest of the world while minimising the damage done to trade between the eu and the uk . 
  anyway it 's probably just a pipe dream given how much of the momentum for leave was based in mindless anti-immigration rhetoric . 
  i doubt europe would trust us enough to enter into some kinda agreement like this anyway . 
  it would take a lot of faith . 
  looking at the bigger picture , surely an ideal outcome of britain leaving would be one in which britain did n't gain a direct advantage from leaving , but was able to long term restructure its economy to address the socio-economic problems . 
  one that allows britain to build up its economy in markets that eu economies are currently unable to compete it in ( due to protectionist policy ) , but wo n't get any unfair advantage over eu member states . 
   do n't think whoever makes the robots is going to be ok with that lol . 
  some what naive view of economics . 
  if masses of poor people lead to political instability then overall it could hurt their economic stability , which means its in their self interest to keep people fed and happy enough to keep society ticking over . 
  this idea than a functioning economic system requires people on the bottom living with no rights in utter poverty is just some masochistic 20th century neurosis that we 're working through , as if people would n't be motivated to go to work if the alternative was n't utterly horrific . 
  what we need to work on is keeping people fit enough and mentally sharp enough to keep contributing to the economy for longer . 
  as a real problem we have is that technology is good at keeping people alive but often this means just extending a period where you 're too feeble or out of it to be able to do anything of worth . 
  the should of the sentence : `` he should eat more bananas '' , is the second word in the sentence . 
  you wot m8 ? 
  i was seeing if the bot just detects `` should of '' or looks for someone using it as an auxiliary verb specifically . 
  just passing by . 
  i 'll [ just leave this here . 
  ] ( http://cs540100.vk.me/c621820/v621820170/178df/eea20u1cd70.jpg ), 
  lol what accent is that actually meant to be ? 
  i ca n't even tell . 
  i 'm with you up to here . 
   keep pretending thermodynamics is n't true though . 
  this myth that the human body works like fuel combustion is plain stupid and only encourages fat logic by making those trying to discredit fat logic look dumb . 
  anyone with a modicum of scientific understanding realises that the human body and its ability to convert food into energy is less like a simple thermodynamic problem e.g combustion , and really a complex system of chemical break down . 
  to demonstrate this , there are literally chemicals that will impair your ability to break down food into useful materials so badly that you could starve despite stuffing your face with burgers and pizza . 
  the problem with the whole `` fat logickeers '' do n't understand the law of thermodynamics argument is that it makes it seems as if you 're denying the existence of legitimate medical conditions and do n't understand how the body works scientifically . 
  this just pushes people into further belief in `` muh condishuns '', 
  you 'd be better off talking about the rarity of actual conditions that impede wait loss and the narrow range of difference that actually exists between different healthy metabolisms . 
  in the hope they 'd realise the they do n't really have a condition and do overeat . 
  the other thing is to point out how many fat logic arguments are completely subjective i.e. 
  `` if i ate my rda everyday i 'd be staarrrving '' . 
  pointing out that they would n't actually be starving they 'd just feel starving because they 've allowed themselves to become addicted to food in the same someone might be addicted to nicotine . 
  really the `` thermodynamics '' argument is just a massive oversimplification ( chemical processes in your body are , of course , governed by thermodynamics but nobody with half a brain thinks that 's the primary factor into nutrition ) , and does n't actually help stop fat logic . 
  fat camp does n't work because kids smuggle chocolate bars into camps given to them by weak willed parents or relatives and start munching pop tarts for breakfast the moment they leave . 
  lol that 's a terrible german accent . 
  hate to spoil your fantasy but we 're not looking at the guy bro . 
  pretty sure it would be bad economic theory to hire the guy who looks like adonis and wants a high fee over the crackhead who 'll do it for happy meal and packet of smokes . 
  that escalated quickly . 
  -10 comfortable ? 
  what the fuck are you ? 
  i 'm british and i like my weather moderate ok !, 
  5 - 20 degrees will do me fine .
