  i think you 're confusing adverbs and adjectives there chap !, 
  personally i just think there 's a right and wrong way to do it . 
  just saying do n't do it is an oversimplification . 
  tolkien for example was a very wordy writer , however , it really suited what he was trying to achieve . 
  when i was a kid santa did not live there . 
  father christmas lived in lapland . 
  the bastards !, 
  lol, 
  yeah you ca n't forget how much cooler that seemed in the 60s and 70s than it does to us today . 
  his life was like that of the era 's jet set . 
  to the average person the idea of just flying off half way around the world was totally insane , the luxuries bond was experiencing capture the ethos of the day . 
  a gigantic scotch egg , they 're actually very nice although that one looks grim . 
  it 's a hard boiled egg surrounded by sausage meat and then coated with bread crumbs . 
  should look like [ this ] ( https://addmorebutterdotcom.files.wordpress.com/2013/04/scotch-eggs-3.jpg ), 
  but in europe santa is from lapland , it was n't just my parents , the north pole is the american version . 
  it was n't really an outrageous lie , just an alternative telling of the story . 
  yeah like christmas crackers ... how can you have christmas without crackers oo, 
  i do n't know why anyone would downvote you . 
  i was actually wondering which language that was . 
  i know those feels , everyone at home thinks i 'm amazing at german because i 'm conversational at a basic level . 
  whenever i 'm around real germans however i often have to respond in english just to say the things i want to say . 
  half the time i 'm lost when they 're speaking amongst themselves . 
  you only really need be intermediate in a language and people will be super impressed . 
  they wo n't know that last week you told someone they made a really good imprint instead of a good impression . 
  wow there are some serious lies here . 
  i suppose my greatest lie that i live is that i tell people that i 'm financially independent when actually i 'm in my mid 20s and still semi dependent on my parents to survive . 
  if it was n't for their support then i would n't have any quality of life , would have to move in at home and get a crap job because there 's no way i could 've afforded to have moved out without it . 
  [ p\u0254\u02d0 ] , [ p\u028c\u028a\u0259 ] , [ pu\u02d0\u0259 ] so that 's paw ( but not how most americans would say it , maybe how someone from new york would say it , not like pah but instead with rounded lips , it 's hard to explain if you do n't have this sound in your dialect , general american lacks it ) , puh-oo-uh , and poo-uh . 
  it was the ideal food for farm workers and shepherds back in those days because it came in it 's own protective shell and was virtually all protein . 
  now it 's a very common british picnic food , typically eaten cold , but can be nice warmed up too . 
  central england, 
  not in germany , there 's fuck loads of you over here . 
  depends on the context . 
  most of the time yeah . 
  i said it in a friendly environment so it did n't matter . 
  however if you say stuff like that in the tax office or whatever they do n't have much patience for it . 
  haha well that is true , but i do n't know how much that was to do with cost or the mentality of the time . 
  for my grandparents who were of that generation ( born around 1925 ) a trip to the beach in south wales ( about 60 miles away from where they lived ) was considered exotic . 
  foreign travel for pleasure simply was n't done by ordinary folk in those days nor was it facilitated . 
  it was seriously considered necessary that if one were to travel to france one would be required to speak french . 
  it 's not like today where you could book a hotel online knowing it will be of a certain international standard and that all the staff working in tourism are going to speak reasonable english , that signs in tourists areas will have the english written next to the native language and stuff . 
  none of that existed , very few people were going to give you the time of day if you did n't speak french . 
  on the other side of my family they were much better off and they travelled to france frequently , but that 's also because it was expected of all women of their background to actually speak french reasonably well , as if it were still norman times . 
  haha well the words , bedruck and eindruck , are quite similar !, 
  you do n't have to make a good impression on tax collectors no , but the problems i find most of all is that in situations where you need someone to help you and they do n't have to you 'll come up short . 
  i know in english i can charm and beg my way through complicated situations but in a foreign languages tasks as simple as getting a form from the post office become terrifying . 
  you forgot the / s, 
  well , it does n't seem expensive to you because that 's what you 've grown up paying . 
  obviously the price varies but i only need to pull up the walmart site or equivalent to see that it 's way more expensive than europe . 
  even an 8 pack of white sliced loaves is averaging over x4 as expensive per loaf as a single loaf in the uk, 
  again it has nothing to do with the size of the us . 
  the cheap bread in europe is often produced in the supermarkets where it 's sold . 
  they simply have a big industrial baking oven and fill it with bread . 
  today i bought five baguettes for a euro . 
  i think it 's probably more to do with the market and the fact they 've convinced americans that good bread is expensive and they 'll pay for it , why give people a good deal if they 're not demanding it ? 
  if your native language is english i really do n't think knowing about post-modern narratives and shakespeare is going to help xd, 
  better dead than red !, 
  i do n't think you needed to be knight in those days to carry a sword or blade of some sort . 
  pretty sure it was pretty much common sense to be armed back when anyone could just come along , slit your throat , throw you in a ditch and nobody would figure it out until the smell was going down wind . 
  what 's wrong with a double contraction , it 's stupid that we do n't have them really when they 're such a common part of spoken language . 
  same goes for stuff like should n't 've and could n't 've , hell even i ` d n't 've , why not go for the triple . 
  left hand driving has been proved to be safer due to which eye is more commonly dominant . 
  anyway , it 's never going to fucking happen . 
  we 'll have self-driving cars in 50 years and then it wo n't even matter . 
  once most cars are self driving the concept of a road having a `` side '' might not even exist , it 'll all just be directional lanes on whatever side is most convenient . 
  it does n't work like that imo . 
  i hate driving on the right because my left hand does n't feel like i 'm getting the fine grained control that my right does . 
  the the most important part of driving is putting that steering wheel in the right place . 
  gears are not a fine grained movement , you 're just pushing a stick around , there 's no need for that much control . 
  sure , just convince the whole of america to drive on the british side and it 's done . 
  you can though , it 's just that most people who struggle with not eating fuck tonnes of food do n't have the willpower to actually train that hard . 
  if you do a 500 calorie burning work out daily then you can definitely eat more and still lose weight . 
  that 's if you 're normal and a heavy intake for you would be 2500 calories . 
  if you 're a fat shit who eats 4000 calories a day then you 're better just dieting . 
  i ` d n't 've posted that if i were you because it 's `` i would not have '' , so , for a start , you 're wrong !, 
  the way some americans talk about aircraft carriers you would think they were the key to all warfare , the ultimate trump card in any conflict . 
  in reality they have a very specific function , which is to allow bombing runs to areas outside of the normal range of modern aircraft . 
  using them you are still at a terrible disadvantage , it massively limits your aircraft capacity as well as aircraft range and load . 
  their only purpose is to provide air support when you are unable to situate aircraft within however many thousands miles , when you have no friendly neighbouring countries and you absolutely must get the upper hand . 
  it would cost billions in a war to supply and support a carrier because in a real war , where the enemy has a navy of their own , each carrier is going to need dozens of vessels protecting it in case one sub gets through , in which case it 's night night to the carrier . 
  imo carriers are americans way of saying `` look tin pot dictators of the world , it does n't matter where in the world you try to take over , we can still bomb you even if all your neighbours are supporting you '' . 
  in reality they very rarely get used and if they do it 's just to provide some practice for the crew . 
  in the middle east for example it 's far cheaper and more efficient to simply launch craft from an airbase in jordan or whatever . 
  america 's carrier are all about saying `` no where on earth is safe from us '' , and not about saying to big nations like china that we 'll defeat you at sea . 
  a real war like that would be fought almost entirely with missiles , assuming it did n't go full nuclear and we all end up living in caves . 
  i agree , nothing wrong with people in the army wearing their ceremonial stuff to a wedding if they 're family or close to the family . 
  might be a dick move if you were just there as a +1 haha , and of course people should n't be any more honoured by the presence of a serviceman than any other person , that 's just ridiculous . 
  ultimately if there 's an any where outside of parade that soldier can wear his uniform it 's at a wedding . 
  what 's far more worrying is the ones who go to the shopping centre in uniform for the serviceman 's discount , which apparently is a thing is america . 
  this is america , they call them `` tuxes '' for christ 's sake , it 's perfectly dreadful !, 
  the weimar republic in the roaring 20 's ? 
  this is standard english ... for example `` i would not have bought those shoes if i had had enough money for something better '' . 
  it 's the standard way of constructed the 3rd conditional ( in the negative in this case ) in the english language . 
  are you a native speaker ? 
  do you realise that `` i 'd '' can stand for both `` i had '' and `` i would '' . 
  i mean naturally most properly spoken people would say `` i would n't have done that if i were you '' like that ( `` i 'd not have '' is also possible ) , but the full form is `` i would not have '' . 
  `` i 'd '' = i would , `` would n't '' = would not , `` would 've '' = would have . 
  put all these together and you have `` i ` d n't 've , this , of course , is n't standard english because english does n't allow more than one contraction at a time . 
  wow someone is touchy , it 's a common question on reddit , you do realise there are lots of people here with fantastic english who are n't native . 
  `` i would not have '' is perfect standard english in every english speaking country in the world , obviously if you question its being standard i am going to question whether you speak the language natively .
