he is alleged to have carried a bowler hat too , sadly for us a man of etiquette such as he would never fail to remove his hat upon entering a building or vehicle . 
  which is why it is only sad for us , the observers of his finery , 
  god damn , this post makes me think it 's about time we had another fallout game . 
  ( yeah i know i 'm entitled deal with it ), 
  pretty sure you just wrote the story to deus ex : human revolution oo, 
  this was so disappoint :(, 
  this is so true, 
  let 's face it , if reddit were a person he 'd be an asshole . 
  quickly someone call the lawyers !, 
  if you 're not reading it in nixon 's voice there is something wrong with you . 
  a post claiming something was better in the past in / r/gaming :o, 
  oh shi - my mind is confused, 
  well played sir , well played, 
  enhance !, 
  leave open :d, 
  good luck getting the necessary crafting skills needed to apply the design to your mount . 
  yeah maybe in like 10 years ... 
  damn that guy looking at his phone is definitely trying to block out the awkward : /, 
  where nothing can possiblie go wrong ... 
  enjoy your hepatitis !, 
  fuck this guy !, 
  learn to karma whore in order to achieve maximal upward triangle currency capacity !, 
  now i just live next to my fan , we have a good working relationship . 
  yes !, 
  a reference i got !, 
  rednecks ? 
  more like geniuses !, 
  true 90s kids were born in the 90s !, 
  the under 10s made that decade !, 
  i had a similar experience , however then i thought naw forget it yo holmes to bel air, 
  cameron just wants to wage any old war on immorality because that 's what the daily mail reading voter will eat up . 
  he probably knows it has no chance of making any difference to who sees porn generally , he just wants the pacified indignant classes to have something to support the idea that he 's out there fighting societies ' moral ills . 
  and of course increase government remit when it comes to censorship to boot . 
  remember the average person is inherently bad and we need toffs like cameron to tell us what to do lest great blighty become a paedo infested sharia law following poor house that exists only to give benefits to johnny foreigner , it 's true you know !, 
  he 's trying this in an attempt at securing the vote of the typical computer illiterate bigot who starts foaming at the mouth when the word paedo is even mentioned . 
  edit : wow gold , thanks !, 
  thank you !, 
  90 litres of water wo n't last you long in the desert !, 
  well i cryd evrytim, 
  who keeps atlantis off the maps ? 
  the people who saw him most certainly gave a round of applause, 
  this exactly !, 
  easy transport from top floor pool to the one main one at the bottom, 
  first names or surnames though ? 
  nothing hotter than having your dates chaperoned by your date 's elderly relatives and being constantly judged on the grounds of your social etiquette to determine your worth as a suitor . 
  if you get really lucky you might just get to see some ankle : o, 
  in the uk being right and being an asshole are mutually exclusive , 
  you do n't get invited parties to make friends at uni sadly , it is n't a collective experience where everyone is just having parties with open invitations like an american film . 
  i will give you some serious advice , i can talk from experience since i 've been to uni more than once . 
  you 'll have to make friends before getting invited to parties generally . 
  firstly lower whatever you think are your friendship standards when you arrive , it 's actually surprisingly difficult to know how well you 'll get on with people when you first arrive . 
  do n't have preconceptions about people for insignificant reasons like a difference in interests or culture . 
  the only people you really need to avoid are the real arseholes and idiots , the ones who have problems of their own , the type of people who treat others badly are never worth being around . 
  also people who think taking ketamine everyday is cool are also bad to be around !, 
  now the absolute best place to look to meet friends is in your first year halls , if you get lucky you 'll get thrown in with decent people in your section of the building and it 'll be an easy start . 
  the best halls are the kind that all link in with each other though , because then you can actually walk down a corridor and see how your neighbouring flat are doing without feeling like you 're intruding too much . 
  this gives you a greater pool of people to meet at home in your first weeks . 
  being friends with people in your halls in first year is the best because it provides social support where you need it most , much of first year socialising will be done here . 
  and since many people do socialise within halls , even if you make great friends elsewhere you could end up more on the edge of the social group because you rely on getting invited over or meeting them on neutral ground like the pub . 
  i must stress the absolute best time to meet people anywhere is the first few weeks of the first term of your first year without question . 
  we like to think we treat people the same all the time , but we do n't . 
  the one thing that bonds you in the first weeks is that you are all looking to establish your life at university , but it wears off quickly and suddenly people are less willing to go out and explore the nightlife with people they barely know since they already have friends . 
  act quickly when you arrive with the socialising and spread your net widely , asking someone you barely know if they want to come to the pub without a proper reason will only become more socially awkward and difficult as time passes . 
  in normal life the main way to meet new people is through introductions , and this is what is normal at uni too after the first few weeks is over . 
  not everyone gets lucky and forms a good social circle who live in their building though , but if you do n't find a group at least try and find one or two people you like , and try and get them to introduce you to any people they might know so perhaps you can meet a social circle you like that way . 
  failing that the other thing to do is join some clubs in the first week and make sure to go along to them , even if you have to force yourself to do it , even knowing that the registration fee is a rip off because your only going to go two or three times tops . 
  no matter how lame it feels or how much you do n't like half the people there . 
  the true benefit of these clubs is that they 're going to put you in a position where you 'll all be socially expected to talk to each other , and therefore giving you opportunity to make friends , in the first few weeks this is a life saver for some of the more socially inhibited . 
  the final place to make friends is your course , which is a bit of a red herring if you ask me . 
  friends on your course are incredibly valuable later on in 2nd and 3rd year , and you will make friends on your course to survive so you have someone to check what work you need to do , and you 'll probably make friends this way over time no matter what . 
  but many undergraduate degrees are not very time intensive unless you study something with loads of labs , and also have many different module options meaning you wo n't always be with the same people . 
  a lot of people were `` friends '' on my course but many people seemed to have slightly meh relationships , we 'd text each other about work but would n't necessarily be in the pub together every week . 
  then again some people met their best friends on their course , all this is just general guidelines from one person 's experience so do n't take it to be fact . 
  the important thing is to stay constantly socially active , at least until you 're absolutely sure you 've met a enough good people to last you your time at uni . 
  just constantly look to foster relationships in all of these places until you 're literally at the point where too many people are demanding your time and then you can think about which people you know are actually good friends and worth keeping if you know what i mean . 
  in the first few weeks focusing on getting to know loads and loads of people , then progressively drop the ones you do n't click so well with as you go forward . 
  even with this be cautious , that absolutely solid friendship circle you knew at the end of first year might be bitterly getting on each other 's tits by the end of 3rd year , be really slow to say when you can afford to start being socially lazy again . 
  the worst thing you can do is not meet enough people early on , because if you get to your third term of first year with 0 friends , who do you turn to to meet new people ? 
  how do you get introduced ? 
  you 'll become slightly ashamed of your isolation and you 'll have a hard enough time to make one friend never mind joining a circle of people . 
  while if you have 30 friends , none of whom you really really love , you 've still got tonnes of opportunity to meet even more people who could be the best people you 've ever met . 
  not if they are actual cookies , such as the choc-chip variety . 
  in the uk cookie is merely a type of biscuit . 
  to call a chocolate digestive , rich tea or hob nob a cookie is heretical . 
  what do you mean ? 
  those weird things you put gravy on for breakfast ? 
  funnily there is n't so much demand for those here !, 
  haha no there is n't any laxative in digestive biscuits . 
  they are called digestives because historically some method was used to remove ( digest ) some of the starch from the flour before they were made . 
  as far as i understand this also made them ideal for people with weak digestive systems since they would n't need to digest the full amount of starch that would be there otherwise , or at least that is what they believed in the late 19th century . 
  good moaning, 
  i disagree . 
  op does not , in fact , tell it like it is . 
  it was nothing more than a pyramid scheme of collectability . 
  ultimately proof that scarcity is not enough to make something valuable . 
  it 's not a fallacy , it 's an understanding that cause and effect exists but not understanding how cause and effect are related in practice . 
  fallacies are logical , this is just not knowing something . 
  internet is turning fallacy into meaning anything that is n't true ... 
  well noticed, 
  well translated !,
