  bought some mail order and was impressed but did n't care that much , a year or two later every fucker and their nan was using the stuff . 
  world of warcraft , although i say early there was probably hundreds of thousands of users by then , i was n't like beta or anything but i was there in 2005 way before it went crazy popular . 
  gangnam style , back when it was sub-100k views , got linked in a starcraft 2 forum where clued into korean shit . 
  dubstep as a genre , was really into the jump up drum n bass scene when i was a teenager and being the uk the first emerging dubstep pieces of music were often thrown in by dj in their sets for a bit of variety , within a year or two there were dedicated dubstep nights going on and then a year or two later all the skrillex shit was about and dubstep was gaining traction in american popular culture which was shocking . 
  i guess i could say the same for liquid dnb since that was a relatively new thing that i saw become defined as a `` thing '' in my teenage years . 
  to be fair most of this shit is n't anything to be proud of and has more to do with me dropping out of university in 2004 and not going back until 2008 , meaning 4 years of living on the internet and playing videos games at my parent 's house , only going out at night to get high . 
  being a complete fuck up does come with its perks . 
  it was a special time for me , when computers and the internet really started to evolve . 
  here were are like 10 years later and i would say the internet we see now was really defined in that period . 
  i remember when it was knew and you could use the free edit feature for free but had to pay for the game . 
  i was like this game is shit and it will never be popular , so much for that hunch . 
  wow i thought i was good for being in the first 100k, 
  blew up ? 
  more like died xd, 
  rip own3d.tv + justin.tv, 
   i read lord of the rings about a decade before the trilogy even started, 
  ca n't tell if serious ... 
  it was one of the most famous pieces of fantasy literature decades before the films ... also early-adopter is a synonym for twat . 
  itt : can someone translated this for me hurr hurr, 
  this was pretty easy , you want something hard to understand try [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jecurmivclm ), 
  which - because i 'm sick of all the ask reddit starting with `` what ... . . 
  '' , if there 's a finite set of something you 're entitled to use which ... `` what country has the best food ? '', 
  just sounds clunky as fuck . 
  mine, 
  i bet it was some dumb bitch who did n't want to touch the seat so crouched with her feet on the seat and all hell broke loose . 
  i believe it 's [ meant to sound more like this ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s14ibo3iygfr ), 
  meaning some gibberish like : -, 
  wolfe flail stone house village mayor which burn-in were faithfully shepherd whose sheep were probably nursing and care creasing protection of attack by ihraub greedy enemies which burn-twelve hundred thousands years preceding the pig of which he light steer the human being the spaceship night meeting stone and seven iridium elktrisch motors use bar planned as if only jump of power stars a long thin traveling between star-like space on the search for neighboring communities of the star which had habitable the circles rotate and where the new leaving understanding of humanity could reproduce and safely pleased live on long joy and serenity with not a further before attack against other intelligent geschapfs out of star-like space between, 
  [ gold plx ] ( http://vocaroo.com/i/s14ibo3iygfr ), 
  germany !, 
  ( to germans i sound british though ), 
  why does n't it cost an arm and a leg too !, 
  i want my venti double espresso shot , vanilla syrup , pumpkin spice latte with extra marshmellows for the same price as a cheap meal out !, 
  i always assumed the fat controller was into some weird shit ... 
  this deserves more attention !, 
  look at this good/cool/interesting thing in country other than america !, 
  omg fucking anti-american circlejerk again !, 
  america !, 
  it amazes me how much downvoting ideas that are totally uncontroversial everywhere else in the world ( like the idea that people who have be diagnosed mentally ill should n't be able to own a gun ) get on reddit . 
  supporting legal weed , gay marriage and love of obama = left wing on reddit . 
  that 's how right wing this site is ... 
  everyone 's saying it 's right here is a bit of a hivemindy circlejerk itself . 
  personally i think new aggregators are a great thing . 
  newspapers did n't like them because of instead of people going to newyorktimes.com or whatever and looking at whatever array of stories the editors have selected for you , you see a selection of what the majority want to read , as long as you do n't understand that the majority is n't always correct then you 're good . 
  yes you can say it 's a circlejerk but what the hell are newspapers themselves ? 
  i do n't know about elsewhere but in the uk the newspapers are all targeted at people who want their view reinforced . 
  if you 're working class and barely want news but like sensationalism then you read the sun , if you 're respectable lower working class or lower middle and outraged you want the daily mail , if you 're edgy and left wing the independent , if you 're less edgy and left wing the guardian , if you 're serious and vaguely right wing the times , and if you 're rich the financial times and so on . 
  fair enough . 
  but things like rights for minorities , decriminalisation/legalisation of drugs , legalisation against racism and sexism , the opposition of religious influence in policy , things that the average reddit democrat prides themselves in are n't really perceived as `` left wing '' in the rest of the world . 
  these are liberal ideas , insofar as they focus on the rights of the individual . 
  someone like ron paul could be considered liberal in some regards being a libertarian , but he 's anything but left wing . 
  left wing ideas are related to economic socialism , issues like nationalisation of industries , healthcare , welfare , worker 's rights , taxation on the wealthy are truly left wing . 
  it seems to a lot of people outside the us that capitalism is so embedded as an american `` value '' that really the debate there is very much right shifted . 
  things that are just taken for granted in other countries are considered controversially `` left wing '' in the us . 
  that 's why we think it 's funny when ring wing redditors complain about reddit 's `` left wing bias '' when most of these people stand about as far left as the democrats which to us is n't really left wing at all . 
  if you started throwing around ideas that said capitalism is inherently exploitative , that major industries should be state owned and america should turn its back on its capitalist ethos , using capitalism merely as a tool to proportion wealth but not as an end in itself then i think even those `` left wing '' redditors would be against it . 
  of course then you get accused of communism which there seems to be a very poor understanding of in the us since that 's not what most people believe in . 
  or accused of trying to force equality where there is none and so on . 
  personally i think the ideal society would be won where the economically productive still get their sports car , big house , holiday home and nice trips abroad , but nobody gets to sit on absurd sums of money allowing them to be buy and sell politicians or buy up whole neighbourhoods , and also one where the average worker can own a car , a modest property , and afford the odd holiday abroad . 
  no i am british , i 've just spent time living germany . 
  to germans when i speak german i sound strongly british . 
  it 's just a further enshrinement of the great american right to go bankrupt to with minimum protection from this by the government . 
  pyramid schemes , sub-prime mortgages or healthcare costs !, 
  take your pick !, 
  i 've heard arguments saying the opposite . 
  the moon is a terrible place for a base due to high radiation , lower gravity and so on , and the first off world base would be easier to construct on mars . 
  wow , and americans have the nerve to bitch about separate hot and cold taps in the uk and inspection shelves in the toilet basins in germany , tell you what america , we 'll fix these things when you can take a shit in privacy in your average public toilet . 
  err i think you 're confused . 
  denmark is the shiny modern utopia . 
  latvia has no potato . 
  i would say it matters a lot . 
  maybe in your backwards ass part of the world !, 
  where i live there are bars attached to churchs, 
  hmm not sure . 
  i guess just saying you 're into technology is less douchey than saying early adopter . 
  if someone says they 're into technology i assume they know about stuff , whilst if someone says early-adopter i immediately assume they queue outside the apple store every time a new iphone is released . 
  it 's just nice that when i sit down to shit in a public toilet , not a particularly great situation to be honest , i know that i 'm safe in a bubble of privacy and that if i 'm going to be unleashing some horrible smells / loud noises then at least nobody could even hypothetically put a face to the sounds / smells . 
  i mean it 's like staying at a friend 's house and finding they do n't have a lock on their toilet , makes shitting so much more uncomfortable . 
  all fantasy seems to have a grounding in medieval europe . 
  lotr for example . 
  the shire with its cutesy idealistic security is clearly middle england , the brandywine is the channel . 
  misty mountains are the alps . 
  gondor the once great declined civilisation in the south are like greeks or italians . 
  the rohin with their blond hair and their strong simple culture in the east are germanic people . 
  i guess that would put mordor in the middle east somewhere . 
  hell he even put black people ( who are enslaved to fight for mordor ) in the far south . 
  mars has more of an atmosphere and more gravity i believe . 
  say that when you 're travelling around an area you do n't know , pretty possible when you 're in the usa , get real . 
  usa seriously needs to fix their toilet stalls, 
  maybe not all fantasy but a lot , and virtually all classic fantasy ... 
  muh bathroom stall cracks ... 
  reminds me of that thread a while back saying something like `` america has invented a rail gun '' , down the side of the gun ? 
  bae systems . 
  this seems really unlikely to me , `` i '' is a diphthong requiring the mastery of a two sounds and to slide between them , the sounds being `` ah '' and `` ee '' . 
  a baby just would n't do that as a first sound . 
  yeah i do know that they are a big international company but i thought it funny that they claimed it as an american invention . 
  if you want to work for bae i believe they have plenty of work in the uk mostly in the north . 
  nope , not in the rest of world they 're not . 
  if she was sufficiently mentally ill she would n't be sent to prison but rather a secure institution . 
  not everyone who has some form of mental illness is sufficiently mentally ill to be excluded from prison if they commit a crime .
