  it only becomes a problem when the acts of religious constitute cruel punishment such as what i 've seen from documentaries on summer camps for potentially gay children that try to fix them by scaring them telling them they 'll go to hell and such . 
  is n't that what all entertainment is ? 
  bread and circuses ? 
  seems stupid to single out the lottery . 
  reading about what happens to lottery winners is really fascinating . 
  i read something working out what indicates a lottery win will turn out good in the long , based on whether those people stayed wealthy and and what happened years down the line . 
  apparently if you do n't go public it 's far more likely for it to work out well for you . 
  having a small family helps and ironically the richer you are when you win the better it tends to work out . 
  there were all these crazy examples of how winning the lottery can actually mess up people 's lives , they fall out with family members over it , get divorced , or get swindled out of the money or blow it all and end up broke . 
  apparently what you need to do is keep it as quiet as possible , do n't go on ridiculous spending sprees , and make lots of trust funds . 
  that is put a large amount for yourself in a trust , and then for every family member you want to share it with you create each of them a personal trust that will pay them every year . 
  this ties the money up for both you and the people you give it to . 
  otherwise it 's common for relatives to fall out years later when they 've blown the first gift of money you gave them . 
  tying you own money up means you ca n't recklessly spend and if people come looking for hand outs you do n't even have that money available . 
  one thing people apparently do is when their relative gets super rich they come up with crazy business ideas , convince themselves of their workability and then expect the relative to foot the bill , it 's much harder to reject something like that from a family member than simple asking for a huge sum of cash . 
  it 's just fascinating to see the effects that a lot of money very fast has on people . 
  people often fail to realise life is long and unpredictable , and you never know how being the super rich guy will affect that . 
  many naively believe that once they get rich all their worries are over , but it 's surprising how things can fuck up even then . 
  sounds like a fruitloop . 
  do n't get me wrong , a lot of these gay conversion types of crazies , since it 's usually the crazy extremists who are most obsessed with stuff . 
  i mean thinking that people just choose to be gay one day seems pretty bat shit to me anyway . 
  however more moderate positions do exist . 
  that 's a vast oversimplification and just myopic . 
  do n't get me wrong . 
  i 'm not religious so personally i think living a satisfying sex life and loving relationships is optimal , but i acknowledge that i ca n't make that true for others , while you seem to be failing to look at the bigger picture . 
  firstly nobody asks homosexuals to do this or that . 
  people have beliefs about god and the right way to live . 
  that is their right as human beings just as much as it your right to be free to be openly homosexual if inclined . 
  someone might say , i believe this , if you believe the same you 'll do x , y or z , and you can decide to reject that belief or follow it . 
  sexuality may be unalterable ( whether it be the product of genetics or environment , or as is the case in most things a combination of both ) , but religious beliefs are not . 
  just because one sect of one religion says one thing does not mean people must adhere to it , or believe it . 
   i consider asking a homosexual to abstain from all sexual activity for their whole life to be cruel . 
  it 's not cruel because it 's a choice the person has made . 
  catholic priests ( the good ones at least ) , choose to abstain from sexual activity straight or gay . 
  nobody forced them to become priests yet they 've chosen to live a certain way . 
  it 's your assumption that nobody can have a rich and fulfilling life without engaging in sexual activity , this may be true for you it 's wrong of you to assume this is true of everyone . 
   i consider asking a homosexual to resist falling in love for their whole life to be cruel . 
  again this is your assumption , some people choose not to , or simply do n't wo n't to , have romantic relationships . 
  it 's wrong of you to tell someone that they are being harmed by that lifestyle or choice . 
  it 's even an assumption on your behalf that a loving relationship must consist of a sexual element , i 'm sure there are old people who marry in their twilight years who are very much in love yet choose never to engage in sexual relations , if that is possible for them why would n't it be possible for younger people too . 
   i consider the support of the notion that a homosexual should marry someone of the opposite sex even if they are not sexually attracted to them to be cruel to both the gay and non-gay person . 
  this one is the most ridiculous of the lot . 
  if those two people are happy with their situation , who are you to in any sense imply that they are being harmed by that relationship . 
  they are adults with the freedom to choose , they are capable of deciding for themselves whether they 'd be happier with an alternative state of affairs . 
  these people are n't talking about solutions to homosexuality , they are saying this is what i believe and this is how i choose to live my life , it 's your choice if you want to join me in doing so or not . 
  i think you 're the one who is ultimately prejudiced , insofar because you are implying that a life without sex , a life without romantic relationships or a life married to a partner who is n't interested in you sexually is somehow lesser or outright harmful , to the point where encouraging someone to do so becomes cruel , it 's absurd . 
  those things are just as much your personal assumptions about the right way to live as a devout christian 's assumptions about the right way to live are personal to them . 
  you 're assertion that these things are cruel is entirely dependent on your way of seeing things , you can no more force someone to see it your way than christians can force you to believe . 
  your assumptions very much reflect the modern philosophy of enjoyment , insofar as you see denying yourself something as actively harmful , which is ultimately very freudian , as it puts unhappiness ( and in a sense harm ) , and all the negativity that arises from that such as social dysfunction , neuroses and such , down to the suppression of enjoyment in most cases some concept of sexual fulfilment . 
  ultimately we can no more oppose this philosophy on other than in a liberal society than others can imposes a classical christian outlook upon us . 
  well i think there 's a good chance it 's bullshit , probably due to pressure from crazy support groups to externalise their sexuality by finding some cause in their past . 
  there are well documented cases of how in therapy with enough effort people can manifest false memories of a abuse and such things . 
  i could have may well happened to her . 
  well i never said it was a matter just going `` well i 'm moving on '' for all people , although that 's what is should be in theory , if you 're around people who you do n't agree with and they wo n't tolerate that lack agreement you should find other people to be around . 
  it seems to me to be totally different problem , not the fact that people hold the belief that homosexuality is a sin or propose a abstinent lifestyle for devout people , but actually far more to do with the ethos of the christian sects that these people belong to . 
  for example if i went to my local catholic or protestant priest/vicar and talked about homosexuality they 'd still say that it was a sin , and that ideally a person with those urges would n't act on them , but they 'd also say that what really matters is forgiveness , that we 're all sinners ultimately and the difference is a christian acknowledges them as such and asks god to forgive his human weakness . 
  i 'd be willing to go out on a limb here and say that fact that families and whole communities are willing to ostracise people for homosexuality is a far bigger contributor to suicide and the awful situation of these people than the mere fact that it is disapproved of and an abstinent lifestyle is recommended . 
  in more moderate christian groups homosexuals are just as welcome as any other sinner . 
  i mean for example extramarital sex is also a grave sin in the church 's reckoning , and a priest would tell you the right way to live is to only ever have sex with your wife/husband or remain abstinent your whole life , yet i do n't think you 'll find many people complaining about the cruelty of this nor anyone committing suicide over it . 
  that is n't merely saying , i believe this and if you agree with it you 'll do x , y and z. 
  it 's outright emotionally blackmailing people into behaving a certain way . 
  i would agree that that is cruel , but it 's not the same as simply holding homosexuality to be sinful and suggesting people ideally refrain from engaging in homosexual activities and enter into platonic marriages . 
  fun fact sophie as been seen drunk in a local nightclub on a few occasions . 
  and nothing ? 
  it 's just nice that she 's still a regular girl who can go to a local club and have a few drinks ( it 's not a fancy night club in london or somewhere it 's a student filled dive in her hometown ), 
  this would n't be legal in my country i 'm pretty sure . 
  motor bikes are allowed to overtake in traffic but they 're not allowed to race down the centre like this . 
  lane splitting is n't frowned upon although you 're responsible for checking if it 's safe , people do need to change lanes in traffic sometimes after all . 
  it 's a rick roll , 2006 wants their joke back . 
  i hear if you say `` top bantz wid tha lads '' three times in a mirror a cheeky nandos will appear . 
  if hood means look like football hooligans ? 
  if the guy was smart he 'd take this footage to the police . 
  there 's no evidence that he 's stealing , just that he 's put stuff in his bag , that itself is not a crime . 
  this is an undeniable case of garden variety assault and battery , he can claim he 's suffered distress and minor injury from the assault , compensation claim to the tune of 500-1000 pounds . 
  the shop owner will get off with a slap on the wrist assuming he has no previous but the courts will make him pay . 
  it could easily happen . 
  all the guy would have to do is take the video to the police . 
  how is that even possible ? 
  people here seem to be being dicks about his eating habits but those people need to get realistic . 
  yes it 's likely that he has been overeating to a large degree , but the kid is 700 pounds and only 15 years old . 
  it 's got to be combined with some strange medical shit too , there 's no way most 15 year old could gain that weight even eating four times their daily recommended intake . 
  give the cashier tuppence on top of whatever you paid with ? 
  it might make them stop to think for moment but it will save you change . 
  thank you , for i moment i thought i 'd been asking for starkbier all wrong : /, 
  i 'm neither , i 'm just stating facts about how the law works . 
  reddit seems to live in a delusional world where getting in someone personal space warrants smashing a bottle in their face and shop lifting warrants a beating . 
  the imaginary judges sit there and make judgements based on imaginary narratives they 've deducted from the evidence . 
  shop lifting does n't give anyone licence to slap someone multiple , it 's not how the law works . 
  this may well be a company policy but it is not the law . 
  just because your rules say do n't put things in bags does n't mean you can treat people as thieves before walk out the shop without paying , the most you could do is ban them from the premises . 
  even if someone does steal from your shop for real you ca n't beat them up for it . 
  even bouncers and security guards are only meant to lay hands on someone after certain conditions have been met and then only in a certain way aimed at detaining someone . 
  the reason they often get away with more is because there is no evidence , doing this was one thing , putting the footage online rather than deleting it is incredibly stupid . 
  ah the classic `` soccer only popular in poor countries because you do n't need equipment to play it '' line . 
  i suppose that 's why cricket is the second most popular right ? 
  garden *, 
  i got this !, 
  it 's a really common word if you ask me . 
  i love it when idiots make stupid smug comments on reddit . 
  did you read my comment at all ?
