  of course it 's easy to hate the socially uncouth , uneducated and/or scruffy . 
  especially for the type of material and superficial people who judge people by the clothes they wear and the cars they drive primarily anyway , and it is for this reason they are the target of the tories attempts to sway public opinion . 
  it appeals to the simplistic logic that the reason we 're in recession is because we overspent our tax money looking after the poor which is n't true in the slightest . 
  everything that is n't a proper flavour just tastes like smokey bacon to me . 
  lamb and mint - smokey bacon, 
  yeah you 're getting downvotes because people are close minded , it 's nothing to do with your talk of the `` deserving '' and `` undeserving '' poor and `` i do n't mind helping '' like it was coming out of your personal pocket . 
  i do n't even think you 're agreeing with the right wing opinions you 're demonstrating , but it looks that way at a skim read so people will downvote . 
  for example `` i think the right look at this '' sounds like `` i think the correct way to look at this '' ... you probably should have said '' ... people on the right look at this . . '', 
  i wish , but many of these rental properties will let their properties sit empty for months rather than drop the rental cost . 
  this is because they are terrified that when they drop the `` accepted '' rental cost it will devalue the estimated property value and result in negative equity for them in their `` investments '' . 
  many property agencies are playing these silly head in the sand games even now . 
  this is particularly relevant when it comes to small commercial properties like small shop spaces that people 's livelihoods would depend on . 
  it is true that if you do n't rent out old residences they 'll keep costing money and decay , however if you 've got a small business property or newish house they can often sit empty for months , all you need do is empty the pipes and boiler , perhaps get someone in to protect against frost damage . 
  also if you 're a housing agencies with thousands of properties on your books you 're probably borrowing heavily against the equity to maximise your profits made with more profitable properties which makes anything that could effect the perceived value of your holdings bad for business . 
  firstly it does n't come out of your personal pocket for christ 's sake . 
  that 's a wrong headed way of looking at it from the off ... all that clich\u00e9d rhetoric does is raise the emotional stakes involved . 
  you are taxed on your `` excess income '' , the tax we have is a tax on earning not on being a citizen . 
  your money is n't taken off you , rather you capacity to earn is penalised beyond a certain point . 
  someone who has never earnt , and never paid tax , is equally entitled to benefits , it 's not a pay in then take out system . 
  secondly the question of whether people `` can '' work is another bad question to ask . 
  it 's quite clear that `` can '' work means nothing specific here and attempting to delineate who `` can '' work is a waste of time . 
  if there were a huge market in something trivial like remembering the alphabet then everyone with a functioning memory `` can '' work , then again if you 're on a an asteroid floating through space nobody `` can '' work . 
  if you ask a tory their definition of `` can work '' they 'll tell you everyone who does n't qualify for disability or any other other exceptional benefit `` can '' work . 
  what people who agree with this sentiment need to understand is that jsa is n't there merely as a convenience for good hard working people who are temporarily between jobs . 
  it is the backbone of our welfare state and and acts as a buffer from homelessness and complete deprivation for so many people who do n't qualify for other benefits . 
  to be obvious , what if the reason you ca n't work is because you 're simply a 19 year old poorly educated kid dragged up by neglective parents and not even asda will give you a job ? 
  where is the benefit for social dysfunction ? 
  ah but of course in the mind of right wingers utter poverty is what these people need to set them right , right ? 
  this completely perverse fantasy that all most the dysfunctional members of society need is the sensation of having absolutely no money put the fear of god in them , and they 'll suddenly buck their ideas up and fly right ... 
  it 's absurd , putting the onus on personal responsibility just harms many people . 
  it 's the equivalent of trying to cure someone 's depression by shouting at them . 
  in the old days society looked after `` their own '' through institutions at least , as patronising as they were , with a tacit acknowledgement that not everyone was cut out for a competitive lifestyle , now suddenly unless you 're physically/mentally disabled to the point you can be verified by a private agency you are told to work , or at least be subject to a humiliating never ending charade of courses and back to work programmes that will cost you half your paltry benefit to attend . 
  what 's even funnier is that there obviously are n't enough jobs right now to go around , especially once you 've eliminated the non-jobs which are just exploitation of free lancers like door to door sales . 
  the system is built so that the bottom functioning 10 % are always going to struggle regardless of whether they classify as `` deserving '' in some fashion . 
  right wingers somehow believe that if we take away the `` undeservers '' most minimal level of benefits they 'll not only find work , but they 'll innovate whole new sections of the economy that will provide the extra jobs need to employ them . 
  it 's juvenile madness , the only thing that will increase is crime ( which wo n't get solved ... the police budgets will be cut ), 
  i 'm not avoiding the question , i 'm telling you why your question is n't a question . 
  but that message seems to have been lost in translation ... `` it should be the norm in all cases except where people are physically or mentally unable to take care of themselves . '', 
  the whole thing was explaining why that whilst that statement true in a sense it 's not a useful line of thought . 
  saying `` everyone who is able to should work '' is no more helpful than saying `` in a perfectly just society no willfully wicked deed goes unpunished '' . 
  everyone agrees work is good , nobody disagrees with the idea of work being beneficial , and therefore nobody will disagree with that the premise `` everyone who can work should '' ( at least at some point in their lives ) . 
  but that is nothing to do with reality . 
  firstly people 's capacities are not fixed in stone . 
  there is no demarcating line regarding what level of capacity constitutes `` able to work '' , in fact it 's impossible for such a thing to exist . 
  nor do we have the medical or psychiatric resources to evaluate people in such a fine tuned manner as to know precisely what their capacities are in a reliable way anyway . 
  some people are just not functioning well , despite not reaching the criteria to be considered mentally or physically unwell , and we need jsa as a buffer for these people . 
  your belief that long term claimants who do n't meet these criteria for being considered mentally or physically incapable for looking after themselves , are therefore defaultly capable of looking after themselves financially and are therefore undeserving is mythos , it 's a scale of capacity and not an is or is not question . 
  `` personal responsibility helps people take control of their own lives . '', 
  this is nothing more than your , and many other people 's opinion . 
  to assert it as a fact is childishly absurd . 
  just because many people find an onus on personal responsibility has helped them achieve greater self-control means absolutely nothing when you 're talking about other people 's reactions . 
  it 's precisely the type of base emotional response and fallacy of logic that the right wing feeds upon . 
  i like how you 've ordered the black to and yellow , putting all the blacks or yellows together would seem racist , but alternating the colours would seem artificial . 
  good work !, 
   is n't this is exactly what atos is attempting to do now ( albeit without 100 % success , as as no system is infallible ) . 
  firstly this is not directly relevant , we are talking about jsa and atos is about disability allowance . 
  second , what atos are doing is utterly morally heinous and if you think mentioning it improves your argument you 'll be sorry to hear the opposite is true . 
  atos is proof of exactly why we do n't have the capacity to do this . 
   no , it is a scientifically proven fact and is used extensively in mental health rehabilitation . 
  even a cursory google search would show you dozens of scholarly articles confirming this . 
  i 'm sorry but you do n't know what you are talking about . 
  yes it 's a scientific fact that ** `` stressing personal responsibility helps people gain control in 100 % of people who do n't meet the criteria of disability allowance '' ** . 
  this is the stupidest thing i 've heard all day , if you ca n't see why this is stupid please give up on forming political opinions . 
  you are actively harming society by attempting to think . 
  atos has caused a huge amount of suffering , if you think taking people who 've been out of work for years , who had previously qualified for benefit , and telling them that they 're fine and to go out and work is morally acceptable you have something wrong with your brain . 
  i wrote it because that 's what the implication of your bullshit rebuttal is . 
  i never disagreed with the idea that personal responsibility was right for most people , nor that it can be helpful in some contexts . 
  i merely suggested that is might not be right thing to stress for everyone who is on jsa by trying to force them off it as they are currently . . so so much for your * scholarly articles * . 
  also i 'm completely sure that if the authors of mental health rehabilitation articles knew you were quoting them for social policy they 'd tell you you 're a fucking crank anyway . 
  the fact you you 've just touted mental health research in this context makes me thing you do n't even know how foolish your arguments are . 
  finally a fascist would take away your right to make free statements . 
  i merely ask you to do us all a favour and elect not to participate . 
  sure friends , you 've totally `` shown me up '' . 
  personally i ca n't wait for the day you develop an illness that makes it impossible for you to work yet does n't qualify you for disability allowance , or even better you get given disability for 10 years and are then told you 're no longer eligible because some bureaucratic arsehole says so . 
  enjoy that . 
  the only undeserving poor are people like yourself , you literally deserve to experience utter poverty as a result of your inhumanity in labeling people suffering at the hands of society as `` undeserving poor '' , i 'm sure you know well what it 's like to have a physical or psychological condition that makes it almost impossible to be competitive in a workplace yet does n't entitle you for benefit , you 're on about the same level as whose who think disabled people are suffering for their actions in a past life . 
  luckily if you get your way , you 'll do it to yourself by supporting politicians who remove your very own social support . 
  i do n't think it 's a controversial opinion on the left to want empathy devoid petty bourgeois like yourself brought down a peg . 
  fyi though i 'm not even that left wing , centre left at best , i just ca n't tolerate your condescending attitude and belief that the benefits system has a significant number of scroungers . 
  the government loses hundreds of billions through sheer lack of economic sense and you 're examining the paltry amount spent on jsa each year , your contribution to jsa this year was a few pounds at best , stop being the victim of politician 's fantastical narratives . 
  just in case anyone does n't know this , this accent [ is completely real ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ufeneifplcq ) and people still talk that way in large parts of england . 
  ok . . whatever you say buddy , i 'm pretty sure you 're the one who 's been downvoted in this thread , but yeah this is pointless so bye . 
  seriously ? ... 
  somehow i find that hard to believe but have an up vote anyway !, 
  you can tell the wealthy in birmingham like to commute ... 
  really ? 
  that 's just [ entry level stuff ] ( http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=scelaxmcvis&amp;t=23s ) ... 
  mr steer 's definitely the cleverest person i 've met . 
  he 's about the same brain ' he is , that stephen hawkings , that scientist . 
  i 'd love to see that , mr steer versus stephen hawkings that 'd be a right match . 
  you have given a simplistic and senseless narrative that is nothing but your interpretation of what you think the world is . 
  a false narrative born out of a lack of comprehension over the true complexity of the questions at hand . 
   that 's your personal point of view . 
  and the government disagrees with you in respect to pensions - you have to work 10 years to qualify for a full pension . 
  i also wonder how you feel about immigrants having full access to benefits without working . 
  and finally sustainability - if we give everybody benefits without some form of penalty what is to stop everyone claiming ? 
  you must take into consideration the reality of the whole system - that funding must come from somewhere - that you want to encourage work and discourage laziness ( carrots and sticks everywhere ) . 
  some left-wing ideal is n't going to put food on the table . 
  this is n't up for debate , pensions are a separate matter and immigration is certainly a different matter i do n't want to touch on . 
  who said anything about giving * everybody * benefit .
