  again factually incorrect . 
  naturally all companies adhere to strict guidelines . 
  you are ignorant about this process so please stop making a fool of yourself . 
  the idea that you find it ethically palatable to test drugs on humans without an animal testing phase just goes to show how ridiculously morally fucked up you are . 
  like some type of psychopath putting the lives of animals above humans . 
  do n't worry i will have lots of children and educate them so they do n't turn out to be irrational morons like yourself . 
  thankfully type of moral sickness is nothing more than a blip in human history , a minority coming from a generation that was lazy , weak and undisciplined . 
  i have nothing more to say on the matter , you 're an irrelevant idiot and there are good reasons why the majority of the world does n't share your views . 
  really , i would say most us britons use tarmac , occasionally bitumen , but never asphalt . 
  you 're hilarious buddy , a fucking roaring joke . 
  all new drugs are tested on animals , go read a fucking book on pharmacology you moron . 
  the link you 've provided is completely irrelevant to anything . 
  the fact is normal human beings with normally functioning decent morals would find it morally abhorrent for human trials to begin with any substance without it first being tested on animals . 
  if you do n't agree with this you are a fucking disgusting psychopath that actively wants humans to suffer simply because you think animals are cute , like child only wanting their own way at the expense of human suffering . 
  here 's a fact for you , currently scientists are doing experiments on the brains of animals and are making landmark progress in treating diseases like dementia and alzheimers . 
  but you know what , i hope that they stop this and no cure comes because of irrational whiners like yourself , and then i hope someone you love suffers from these illnesses , and you can watch them fall apart as a human being in unimaginable agony knowing that they could 've been helped had you not valued the life of a monkey more than their suffering . 
  i feel that would be a fitting experience for people such as yourself . 
  i really hope that happens to you . 
  whatever buddy , you 're screwed up almost as bad as a child molester . 
  thankfully the world agrees with me and not your idiotic shite . 
  that 's why animal testing is going on right now unhindered by your pathetic animal rights groups . 
  i 'm not pulling fact out my arse , i have the majority of the world on my side . 
  so get mad all you want . 
  i can sit back and be glad they 're killing animals to relieve human suffering and prolong human lifespans , and you can just be the weirdo getting downvoted because your insane fringe opinion . 
  i 'm sorry but you are mad . 
  animal testing is not being hindered . 
  sure they make it more ethical that 's not animal rights activists that 's just rational to do when possible . 
  it 's never going to stop because doing so would be morally abhorrent . 
  nothing to do with being a vegetarian . 
  it 's to do with your opinions on animal testing . 
  to put the lives of animals on par with humans , that 's pretty much like thinking children can consent sexually . 
  you are fucked up real bad . 
  say you find it hilarious all you want , but you 're just a loser on the outside society promoting ideas only a tiny percentage of people would agree with . 
  enjoy that outsider , it must be hard being you . 
  i like that the guy who does n't know what conjecture means talks about intelligence too . 
  well i 'm going to go eat a steak now . 
   also i 'm not sure why you 're so stuck on this outsider concept . 
  the trend is growing everyday with less and less people being ignorant . 
  more and more places offering options . 
  more and more celebrities promoting it . 
  more and more people being treated as criminals for treating animals bad . 
  i know you have to lie to yourself like this so you do n't feel like your life is worthless but trust me when i say , your life is worthless . 
  barely anyone except a few gullible idiots support you . 
  remember celebrities also support scientology , which is a lunatic fringe quite comparable to yours . 
  ( they also tell themselves that the trend is growing and people are waking up to the `` truth '' of scientology just like your militant animal rights position . ), 
   and to your animal testing point , again , if it was so necessary why the fuck does the fda not require it . 
  hey moron are you listening ? 
  answer the question . 
  ergh , because certain things we already know are chemically safe and do n't need to be tested again . 
  if you think a single new drug reaches the human testing phases without first going through a variety of animals you would be retarded . 
  oh but we already know you are retarded , because you think animal lives are equivalent to humans so there 's no mystery there . 
  yes we , the rest of the sane human race who approves of animal testing . 
  i tell you what , i 've got a great solution . 
  instead of animal testing why do n't just skip to human trials on animal rights activists like yourself , surely you 'd be willing to take the place of the poor animals , that could be your noble sacrifice . 
  also i 'm sure the most people would agree that you are a vile human , because your irrational sentimentality towards animals is actively harming human progress and prolonging human suffering . 
  good job . 
  wow can you read what you 've just written . 
  you sound about 5 years old . 
  i 'm sorry but i 'm done . 
  kill yourself soon . 
  woosstuhsheeuh or woosstuhshuh are both legit . 
  ( with the - oo as in `` book '' not as in `` zoom '' ) i 'll add . 
  anything else is wrong . 
  really not , but you 're like talking to a north korean , logic and reason are n't going to stop you saying kim jong un shits gold . 
  so see you , let 's hope you contract an incurable illness that could 've been cured with animal testing soon . 
  that 's laughable coming from you , who clearly does n't know the first thing about medical testing . 
  you live in a dream world where animal testing can be eliminated or is unnecessary . 
  that 's fucking insane . 
  you believe some utter utter shit . 
  want sources here . 
   ... elimination of animal testing will significantly set back the development of essential medical devices , medicines , and treatment . 
   within the american animal-rights movement is a vocal anti-research element that dismisses the importance of animal studies , claiming that the results of animal research ca n't be applied to human health . 
  however , physicians and researchers overwhelmingly agree that animal systems provide invaluable and irreplaceable insights into human systems because there are striking similarities between our physiological and genetic systems . 
   and it 's a legal requirement in this country that all new drugs ( not just cancer drugs ) are tested in animals before they 're given to patients , to make sure that they 're safe to use . 
   studies using animals have underpinned virtually all the progress that has been made in understanding and treating cancer over the past century , from giving clues to causes of the disease to showing us the best ways to treat it . 
  i suppose this is all conspiracy theories ? 
  coming from sources like the national centre for biotechnological information , the british government , and cancer research charities . 
  when you grow a set of balls maybe you 'll figure out that you 're the one eating down lies because it suits your personal agenda you ignorant shit . 
  lucky for me i 've got the professional medical community and scientific research community on my side , and you 've fucking peta and other such cunts . 
  boon *, 
  cool story bro . 
  it 's a big conspiracy and you 're secretly right !, 
  do n't trust doctors or the government they 're all out to get you !, 
  the british government is secretly the illuminati . 
  look most your sources are from unaccredited organisations that exist to support the singular agenda of opposing animal research , that 's way more believable than academically accredited institutions and governments !, 
  i 'm sure you 've got the phd 's to back your opinion . 
  fuck off back to lala land buddy . 
  go join alex jones and the anti-vaccination lobby bro !, 
  they 're all just like you , cherry picking facts to support insane fringe agendas !, 
  you 're so cool , you called me fat !, 
  what a good response . 
  you 're so edgy bro !, 
  remember do n't trust academics , or doctors or the government , they 're just shills out to make money !, 
  trust unaccredited organisations !!, 
  this is totally rational !, 
  good for you for deciding you know better than hundreds of thousands of people who 've dedicated their lives to human knowledge !, 
  fight the powa !, 
  you go girl !, 
  apparently a hindu indian-american aryan power supporter . 
  something seems off about this one .
