  you have to understand that both pre-war ww2 and post-war europe was very heavily leaning towards social-democracy , and still is today , although today in a way that has been synthesised with more elements of american capitalism . 
  chaplin was british and this speech embodies the popular political thought of many british people both pre and post ww2 . 
  you sound like a cockney i 'm afraid , you 've sucked up the accent like a sponge , very hard glottal stops , h-dropping . 
  yes , you mix rp sounds and hard cockney sounds in quite an endearing fashion . 
  for example , when you say `` humanity '' you use a short i sound at the end which is something that only frightfully posh people do these days . 
  then you say `` known '' like a real cockney , and `` christ '' like a real cockney too . 
  all to do with vowel positioning in diphthongs i 'm afraid . 
  here is an example . 
  first saying it how i hear , and then how i expect it to sound . 
   facts that you disagree with, 
  where are these facts ? 
  you can not factually demonstrate something is naive , feel-good or a truism , thus it is an opinion , an opinion i do not share . 
  you say it 's communism 101 , yet it 's a fact that he mentions democracy , and it 's fact that he mentions religions , who thinks which are factually not associated with communism . 
  rp typically does n't have that much t-glottaling . 
  estuary has a lot of it . 
  most uk accents have some but nowhere near as much as london . 
   i do not have to factually demonstrate something that is evident by observation . 
  if i point out to you that something is blue , it 's unreasonable for you to ask for evidence that it 's blue when all you have to do is notice it . 
  now if you 're colour blind then that 's a different story . 
  but that still does n't make it not blue . 
  saying `` that is naive '' is not analogous to saying `` that is blue '' . 
  one is a value judgement the other is a fact judgement . 
  if something is blue we can ask 100 people what colour is this , and most will say the same , failing that we can measure the wavelength of the light and see whether is falls within the frequency we define as blue , we can then repeat the process over and over and get the same result . 
  saying `` that is naive '' does not meet any of these criteria . 
   the interesting thing about communism btw is that its only common primary feature is collective ownership of all property and wealth . 
  features such as dictatorship and purging religion came attached to all major communist revolutions and are largely the reason why communism lost its popularity after the mid century . 
  that is a reductivist over simplistic definition of communism , far closer to what marx defined as socialism . 
  typically socialism is defined by public ownership of the means of production . 
  communism would be a latter form of socialism whereby equality is attempted , either by the supposed equality of earnings between all classes , or by the absolution of currency altogether . 
  in fact , it 's far more complicated than what i 've said , there are other things like the deconstruction of the social institutions that divide the classes , one of which organised religion could be considered , but this is completely beside the point anyway . 
   what chaplin is preaching in this video is in fact verbatim communism , the one that many ( naive ) people understandably found to be a very good idea . 
  no , it 's demonstrably not . 
  at no point does chaplin recommend the public ownership of the means of production . 
  just because someone recommends international brotherhood , unity , and the empowerment of the masses , does not a communist make . 
  all of these concepts have been used by pro-capitalism social democrats in history . 
  he mentions democracy more than once , and by this we can only honestly assume he means the nominative western concept of democratic government that prevailed at the time , and not democracy within a communist system . 
  you 're talking out your arse here . 
   today 's generation grew up thinking that communism is synonymous with dictatorship but that 's largely a product of cold war american propaganda and all the failed communist attempts . 
  yes , especially in the us where capitalist propaganda is still so strong , yet i do n't believe that , you do n't believe that , and neither of us need to believe that in order for the speech to fail to reach the criteria necessary to be defined as a communist speech . 
   of course the reason why communist revolutions had to turn bloody and dictatorial in the first place was because people like me existed . 
  do n't give yourself airs and graces , unless you 're an aristocrat or a solider loyal to one , i really do n't think you 're the reason communist revolutions were bloody . 
  ideological capitalists were not the cause of bloodshed in these points in history . 
   you ca n't have communism unless everyone agrees with it and when some people disagree , leaders find it easier to just try and kill them off . 
  so says you . 
  cockney has the most , estuary as a lot , most uk dialects have some ( and different dialects differ to the degree with which they have it ) , rp traditionally has none , but younger speakers might incorporate a little bit of it . 
  yeah spot on , would assume you were british and i 'm british . 
  the way you say bayern is interesting through , sounds almost like bye - uh . 
  you 're not using the y as a glide to the next syllable , which might be the influence of knowing it 's a german word , and therefore knowing the - ay is just really and alternative way of spelling - ei . 
  why you 're swallowing the - n though i 'm not sure . 
  british people say it like '' buy - yearn '' , heavy on the - y as a linking sound . 
  also who were bayern playing ? 
  you completely mumbled the other team name ? 
  oh god , the policy debaters , never try to argue with these people , they are some of the most deluded , arrogant , and conceited people going . 
  it 's literally the american strain of pseudo-intellectual smugness personified . 
  they will call you an idiot simply for not knowing what an `` affirmative '' is . 
  the whole thing is some weird attempt to remove subjectivity from argument , you basically win by check box , whoever ticks the most boxes by responding to the most arguments or making the most arguments wins . 
  most of it is complete gibberish and no thought is given to the quality of the arguments whatsoever . 
  these people do n't believe that debate should be something open to everyone , but rather a weird cult of terminology and speed ranting . 
  it actually started in poor inner city schools that found they were unable to compete with wealthier private schools in regular debate and tried to objectivise the process , which is admirable , but instead of thinking , let 's make a more impartial debate competition , they came up with this shit , which is utterly perverse . 
  what 's insane is that there are scholarships for this shit at american universities , as the universities kowtow to popular demand and fear accusations of racism . 
  i 've found they 're either like this or the complete opposite . 
  omg the eggs are n't refrigerated , omg the coke tastes different , omg i only got 3 cubes of ice in my drink at mcdonalds , omg i asked for my steak medium rare but this is closer to what i consider rare . 
  these ones are ultimately more annoying . 
  i 've found irish can be rather changeable drunks to be fair . 
  if you enjoy it , then by all means do it . 
  but what you 're doing is n't really productive in the sense that a debate should be imo . 
  the fact that `` throwing curveballs '' of weird and wacky arguments that the opposition is required to respond to due to the nature of the scoring system should be proof enough that this is n't really academically productive . 
  most of the arguments really just have the criteria of `` appearing plausible '' rather than actually being correct or convincing . 
  listen to this verbatim, 
   the right to trade permits the right to control the resources of nature . 
  it is a relationship of conquest and dominance that further props up the technological logic of materialism . 
  there 's an external impact here in the form of our dillion evidence which i 've explained on the case debate which indicates that devaluation leads to the zero point of the holocaust . 
  now imagine this was written in a university essay , i can just imagine the sarcastic comments the professor would scrawl all over it . 
   the right to trade permits the right to control the resources of nature . 
  does it ? 
  why does it ? 
  how does it ? 
   it is a relationship of conquest and dominance that further props up the technological logic of materialism . 
  is it ? 
  why is it ? 
  could it not be ? 
  define technological logic of materialism . 
  is materialism wrong ? 
  why is it wrong ? 
  what is your argument ? 
   there 's an external impact here in the form of our dillion evidence which i 've explained on the case debate, 
  have you explained it ? 
  clarify why you 've explained it , are we to take your word for this ? 
  also external to what ? 
   which indicates that devaluation leads to the zero point of the holocaust . 
  slippery slope ? 
  why is this the case ? 
  how does it indicate ? 
  godwin 's law ... 
  you 'd never get away with such a superficial piece of `` reasoning '' in any academic context . 
  argument needs to follow logically from one point to another , if their is a weakness in conclusion you need to defend it and put forward why your precise reasons for following it rather than an alternative . 
  in this debate they however they are just making logical jumps that could be possible and expecting everyone to run along with it . 
  nobody is going to be convinced of it , and there 's no way it 's going to stand up to the critique of someone who has time to think about your reasoning . 
  in a policy debate or whatever the opposition is just being tasked with finding one possible sounding counter point to your incredibly weak possible sounding argument to score a point . 
  it 's not actually substantial in any sense .
