  i ca n't tell . 
  either way , it 's all bollocks at the end of the day . 
  you can analyse the typically differences between the average man or woman and their beliefs and behaviour , you can be ruthlessly cynical and reduce everything down to evolved mating behaviours that really only care about benefiting the individual , but it 's all reductive and meaningless in the end . 
  all these scientific theories and dating philosophies mean nothing in the end because the world consists of individuals . 
  guys who think it can be reduced to science have forgotten that when the subject matter is people , people who have brains like the brain your using to try to understand them , which means the whole endeavour will never produce that much certainty . 
  there will always be some men who value women only for the usefulness , and some women who will value physical or personality attractiveness in men over their status , security , accomplishments and such . 
  being useful is n't that bad , the main complaint from men is that women do n't have to do that much to be considered desirable , they just have to be born decent looking , be healthy , and learn to dress and use make-up decently . 
  however that just makes it more cruel because it 's basically luck of the draw how attractive you 'll be . 
  on the other hand men can be pretty ugly and still be considered desirable because they worked at it and became rich and popular . 
  however again this is an oversimplification because in reality men do n't just look at hip to waist ratio and how well a woman 's face conforms to generalised western ideal of beauty , nor to women merely look at bank balances and how deferential people are around a man when making their judgements . 
  it 's all reductive bollocks in the real world anyway . 
  i wish all people who follow bullshit like the red pill or dating strategies of any sort would realise they 'd have much more success if they started looking at individuals as individuals , rather than telling each other that everyone is the same and therefore the same shit will work over and over . 
  i was n't suggesting women exist in two states of mind exclusively , the latter was just a counter example to the former , not the only other counter example . 
  redditors sometimes imagine that all women just secretly want to be sleeping with the young athletic 22 year old guy they knew at university or whatever . 
  they make this judgement on the basis that women , like men , want to maximise evolutionary fitness ( possibly a wrong assumption in the first place ) . 
  however , their own youth and experience tells them that the fittest specimen must be some caricature of the guys they lost out to when they were 17 , a young athletic guy in their prime . 
  they also make an analogy with their own desires , in which a young women in her physical prime is most desirable . 
  this is n't just wrong , it 's a wrong assumption of what evolutionary fitness is . 
  it fails to acknowledge that women 's evolutionary goals differ from that of a man 's . 
  for example , a man typically does not seek security from a woman , a 30 year old woman is no more able to help protect his physically well being than a 18 year old girl . 
  however , a 30 year old man is more proven to be able to survive and protect himself ( and therefore her ) than a 20 year old by virtue of age alone . 
  therefore there is an evolutionary basis to why women might prefer older men despite signs of ageing which , if present in a woman , would be considered unattractive by men . 
  that is a counter example to the assumption women are naturally want young athletic dudes that stays within an evolutionary framework . 
  now , if you 're asking me what i think , i think reddit much overdoes the evolutionary analysis of human relationship behaviour , and gives it far to much credit . 
  i think that all such analyses are inherently insulting to both men and women because they they fundamentally ignore the fact that human beings are rational animals who will interpret and assign values to certain things as they see fit rather than according to stringent rules about what evolutionary has allegedly programmed them to achieve . 
  of course women do n't either want young guys or older guys , they make decisions based on innumerable life judgement in context depending on how they 're feeling at the time . 
  i 'm not being condescending to women , i 'm providing a refutation of an idea that stay within the framework that the person who holds the idea as an absolute would be willing to accept . 
  it 's not just an exception . 
  in a sense everyone is an exception . 
  if there are one million chickens in the world , 999 thousand are brown and 1 thousand are white . 
  then the generalisation `` most chickens are brown '' is true , pointing to the 1000 white chickens wo n't stop it being true . 
  however , you wo n't find a single human that conforms precisely to the assumptions that evolutionary psychology makes about human mating behaviour , so in this case everyone is an exception , the question is how much and what kind of exception are they . 
  it 's not that we ca n't have true generalisation about human beings that do n't hold true more than they do n't , however people put too much faith in these generalisations and expect them to work like the one about chickens . 
  average european : lives in a flat built out of bricks and mortar in the post war era , building maintained constantly by the yearly payments of each resident , central to the city with good transport links , shopping and night life either walking distance or a short bus/tram/train hop away . 
  flat is small but functional , central or air circulation heated . 
  average american : lives in a flimsy house made of wood less than 20 years ago , building maintained only when necessary through your own money , 40 mile commute to the nearest city , 10 miles to the nearest shop , public transport non-existent , constantly needs petrol to go anywhere , has to have someone come around and pay them thousands of dollars to get covered in shit every few years emptying their septic tank . 
  every 10 or so years a tornado or hurricane strikes and completely flattens it , have to pay for the rebuild / new house themselves since ca n't be insured against acts of god . 
  sorry who was the peasant ? 
  this kind of weird conception of opposing racism and prejudice is pretty american . 
  true . 
  while teenage poetry is universally bad , this particular brand of bad seems uniquely american to me . 
  i just ca n't imagine this in another country which is why it seems like sas to me . 
  salting is kept to a minimum in some countries because of environment reasons . 
  i do n't get your point . 
  my point was n't that there was n't racism in other parts of the world , my point that this expression of fighting against prejudice is uniquely american , not that the concept of fighting against prejudice was american . 
  other countries tend to have the ideal of , you 're not racist if you do n't discriminate on racial grounds , america it 's more like you have to be constantly aware of other people 's ethnicity and constantly be sensitive around it , acknowledging that you are inherently privileged by virtue of your background and can never understand the plight of others , which this poem seems to embody so thoroughly . 
   actually , that one is perfectly reasonable . 
  everything in food must be food . 
  kinder surprise 's surprises are n't food . 
  it 's the same law that would cover `` no plastic in fruit pie '' . 
  this was the best bit imo . 
  kinder eggs are just typical europoor third worldness !, 
  i think you 're a bit confused there mate . 
  she has a pretty standard rp accent with some slight london influences , she speaks quite young too ( she sounds more like a modern middle class teenager from london than old fashioned like in downton abbey ) . 
  basically she has just has the standard posh english accent as spoken by every female british actress , to me she sounds exactly the same sophie turner or keira knightley or anyone really . 
  i think you just like the way she speaks but not her accent because it 's pretty standard , i know some english people would describe the way she speaks as not having an accent , i bit like how some americans would describe the mid-western american accent . 
  the standard english accent she speaks with has some similarities to australian because australian evolved from london accents which influence how posh people speak , however they 're not strongly similar . 
  funnily , the accent chris pratt is copying , the working class essex accent , is known for being the closest british accent australian . 
  does it work for out of shape , balding , late 20 somethings ? 
  because that would be great . 
  i spent a few summers in the us as a kid and ever since i 've been able to do nigh on flawless american accent on demand to the point that i 've convinced americans i 'm one of them . 
  seriously , if you want really bad accents then watch the really low budget stuff from the 90s , or [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zl6sxvtb7qi ) , bbc accents are great by comparison . 
  this guy gets it . 
  also the pronunciation of `` the '' and as `` thuh '' before a consonant and `` thee '' before a vowel . 
  `` the cat '' fine , but then `` thee yapple '' for `` the apple '' . 
  british english does not like pauses between words . 
  `` litre of water '' = linking - r. `` saw anna '' = intrusive - r . 
  the first is linking because it uses the existing but normally silent - r to link two words , the latter intrusive because it creates an - r out of nowhere . 
  when a word ending in a vowel is followed by a word starting with a vowel *, 
  no he 's right about this . 
  intrusive and linking - r 's are the product of non-rhotic ( silent - r ) speech . 
  sadly not . 
  it 's the british equivalent to jersey shore . 
  to me it sounds like kelsey grammar . 
  from the small sample he 's got there it 's quite damn good . 
  i doubt he could hold a conversation in that accent convincingly though . 
  that 's a bit like a british actor learning the new jersey accent . 
  might be needed but kinda niche , would be better off learning standard american first and then trying regionalism . 
  way more than americans do . 
  withing 30 seconds we can tell where you 're from and what class you are . 
  hell people in london can even tell the difference between north and south london accents . 
  you 're misunderstanding . 
  intrusive - r happens before a vowel . 
  got is nothing like lost for fuck 's sake . 
  lost of a contrived bunch of shit with a story that wondered around all sorts of bizarre shit and if you missed a few episodes you quickly had n't a clue . 
  game of thrones is actually a story that was written by an author . 
  they 're nothing like each other . 
  yeah , definitely . 
  canadians just seem like slightly anglicised americans who sound a bit like farmers . 
  australians just seem like brits who were left on an deserted island a bit too long , which is essentially what they are . 
  might be a problem there ... 
  that was so unfunny it was funny . 
  i can probably pick out more american accents than most americans ironically . 
  definitely boston , new york , maine ( and around there ) , new jersey , deep south , texan , californian , minnesotan , maryland ( and around there ) . 
  there 's also weird old fashioned accents like locust valley lockjaw , boston brahmin , charleston which stick out like a sore thumb . 
  i 've also noticed that americans struggle more to understand people with accents than the british do . 
  i 'm always seeing comments about how hard it is to understand someone 's scottish/irish accent when to me it sounds perfectly clear . 
  [ this ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wruwjt2kd1y ) , it 's common on family guy and in some old films like trading places and american psycho . 
  jfk was close to this accent because he was so loaded . 
  it 's the accent spoken by the east coast aristocracy , however he was a little more boston influenced .
