  an accident is either a , b , or c, 
  therefore an accident is c, 
  do you know how stupid this is ? 
  ok , but are there no good universities that run on a shareholder based system in the us ? 
  because i 'm pretty sure there are some here . 
  poor antiquated space shuttle :(, 
  do n't blame juncker you fucking idiot . 
  britain was n't remotely willing to compromise at all , not giving any reassurances to eu migrants in the uk for example . 
  the french love our cakes !, 
  oh come on . 
  anyone with an ounce of economic understanding is putting forward a negative prediction now . 
  the good economic news that leave voters have been celebrating are things as stupid as celebrating when the ftse 100 rises relative to a drop in sterling . 
  that 's not `` good news '' , it 's not a sign that `` project fear was a lie '' , it 's not even a sign that things are going remotely ok , it 's actually incredibly worrying . 
  all the supposed good economic news is simply leave voters exploiting economic illiteracy . 
  that is a complete load of shit that fails to demonstrate even a basic understanding of global politics . 
  `` the uk is entirely willing to reach an entirely reasonable compromise '' ... no , it is in the uk 's advantage to enter negotiations before triggering art 50 . 
  `` the eu is unwilling to even have the conversation before article 50 is triggered '' ... 
  it is in the eu 's advantage not to enter negotiations before art 50 is triggered . 
  can you not see what an unbelievable hypocrite you 're being ? 
  blaming the eu for not acting against its interest and expecting them to do something that benefits the uk for no reason whatsoever ? 
  this is exactly the kind of political double standard that led to brexit in the first place . 
  the british public are so out of touch with europe , and so unrealistic when it comes to the uk ( political influence , economic significance ) , that they actually expect europe to bend over for the uk and act outraged when they refuse . 
  i guess britons should be able to retire in the costa del sol whenever they want but spaniards should be subject to a points system right ? 
  i guess europe should buy our produce but british farmers should n't have to compete with foreigners undercutting them ? 
  also the uk should be able to enter any trade deal it wants but if the eu tries to create an eu trade deal the uk should get a veto if it thinks it might harm its national interest . 
  jerome flynn , the actor who plays bronn , is very well known in the uk , evening have a number one single . 
  [ hey there , blimpy boy , flying through the sky so fancy free . 
  ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=osve30axdca ), 
  amazing how you never forget those early episodes . 
  growth does n't stop overnight , anyone who expected it to just because of the referendum result does n't understand a thing about economics . 
  all we 've had so far is market reactions to news . 
  this is just a small part of brexit . 
  the cost of brexit will be far more clear when the regulatory landscape for british businesses actually changes . 
  if there were to be a recession it would n't be immediate either . 
  what we have seen already is slow down though , people are being cautious but not outright panicking for the most . 
  misinformation is being spread by the leave morons who are trying to imply that economic consequences of brexit are already over , and that the more negative predictions for post-brexit britain must therefore be false because they have n't yet come to pass . 
  just another example of the stupid `` pseudo-common sense '' logic that they feed off . 
  in reality , economics is about the behaviour of markets over time . 
  reactions in the forex market are really just the start , it takes time for the impact of political events to trickle down to the real economy . 
  even when we start trading under wto or whatever , the full impact of this on the economy wo n't be known until we 've been doing it for a while . 
  ask any economist about britain 's prospects , assuming a hard brexit , for the next 5-10 years and you will not hear positives . 
  literally nobody thinks britain will be in a better position under wto rules , in fact most think it 's insane , and even the pro-brexit economists are pinning their hope theoretical future trade deals that britain might be able to forge outside the eu , the emphasis being on might . 
  all the signs are there , general slow down , problems with the property market , currency devaluation , the scrapping of the deficit plan , the lowering of interest rates of 0.25 % , the increase in quantative easing . 
  essentially these are stormguards built to weather a coming economic hit , and i think it 's going to stay this way for a long time , and we 'll pay for it with purchasing power across the whole of society . 
  it 's very similar , roughly the same movement , same muscle groups being used , same balance skills needed , but obviously the `` feel '' of ice is different . 
  with a totally different type of friction caused by a much slippier surface and a much smaller point of contact . 
  much easier to powerslide on ice , or the manoeuvres you need to master to get good at ice skating take advantage of that . 
  you wo n't be doing much t-stopping , lots of long skids and powerslides . 
   i do n't know who is so stupid you ca n't read english , it 's not hard ... 
  i bet these lady speaks lots of language other than english . 
  i bet her reading age in english is really high too . 
  sure , but being able to read something is n't the same as it `` being easy '' . 
  not being able to read english , or not being able to read english easily , is n't remotely an indication that someone is stupid , no more than the fact you ca n't read german is an indication you are stupid . 
  italy ? 
  enjoy your poverty cornwall , but hey at least you `` took back control '' . 
  why is this impressive ? 
  defiant is hardly a difficult word . 
  that 's a stupid way of thinking . 
  outing people against their will is always bad , regardless of whether they 're `` good '' . 
  if a straight homophobe were doing business in saudi arabia then nobody would give a shit , because that is expected . 
  by making a big deal of it just because he 's gay you 're actually treating people unequally . 
  just as how not all black people make choices that are conducive to improving racial equality , nor do all gay people make choices that are conducive to improving conditions for gay people . 
  they are born gay , but sometimes they are just born assholes too , and some assholes ca n't change the fact they happen to be gay , and some gay people ca n't change the fact they are assholes , your personality and sexuality are separate . 
  if you want to judge someone a hypocrite when the facts are known because of that , then that 's fine , but it does n't give you the right to out someone imo . 
  for example , if someone who was famously pro environment was secretly taking money from oil companies , that would be justifiable to publish , because that person has consciously acted hypocritically . 
  however , sexuality is part of someone 's identity whether they want to it to be or not , so the same logic ca n't be applied here . 
  foreign views on national events are always warped to be honest . 
  just like how many americans currently think germany in a refugee free for all with law and order breaking down , rapes left right and centre , and terrorists on every corner . 
  in fact it 's still much safer and more honest here than anywhere i 've lived in the uk . 
  even in the city if you lose your wallet or phone there 's a good chance you 'll get it back , there much less violent crime and anti-social behaviour is less of a problem . 
  actually , i think it 's more to do with protecting copyright/trademark . 
  if people start using your brand name like a regular word and applying grammatical rules to it , then it can impair your ability to claim that you have sole ownership of the term . 
  you 'd think brands would want people to use their names as ordinary words , as it would cement you company 's place in their minds , but actually this is typically avoided . 
  ah now i see . 
  i 've seen people using `` definately '' instead of definitely all the time , but rarely have i seen defiantly . 
  because you 're cunts who have secret feelings of inadequacy around foreigners . 
  nobody is so thick as to believe there will be more jobs without the immigrants , it 's basic economics that labour shortages reduce the number of jobs available by driving up costs for employers . 
  sure it will sometimes raise the pay of those lucky enough to keep their jobs , but unemployment will rise at the same time , as it becomes even more efficient to pay one person a high salary to do the work of two people than employ two people on average salaries . 
  i 'm pretty right wing , in a progressive neo-liberal kind of way , and that 's exactly why i voted remain . 
  you are n't right wing , you 're `` alt right '' , and all you are is a bunch of thicko racist cunts . 
  companies in the eu must prioritise eu applicants , how the fuck is that discriminatory . 
  in the us , they prioritise us applicants , there 's no fucking difference . 
  we do n't prioritise applicants from india over those from france because we 're not in a political and economic union with india . 
  why on earth is it any less fair that someone from france gets a job in london over an equally qualified indian , than it is for someone from wales to get a job in london over an equally qualified indian . 
  damn , i just seem to attract women that are borderline or bipolar . 
  i think it stems from childhood , if you 've got a parent who is inconsistent with affection and prone to failing in their responsibilities and then trying to make up for it , it can really define your relationship template in adult life . 
  can make someone who swings from slightly needy and dependent to cold and distant feel right for you , as this is what you associate with love . 
  can also make you crave dependence because you have a fear of abandonment , and the former will constantly mess with your head because of that hot cold cycle keeping you locked in an elevated state . 
  people who outward display emotion without much control and regard for the opinions of other can also be very alluring because they create that elevated sense of excitement . 
  few years ago i got out of probably my most significant relationship with a girl with bpd and it was simultaneously the best and worst relationship of my life . 
  on the plus side she was very spontaneous , affectionate , insanely high energy , she did n't care about rules or boundaries , we 'd go on crazy adventures and do crazy things without worrying about being sensible , she was like a drug in that respect , and everything was done in extremes . 
  however then you 'd have the nightmarish periods , phone turned off for days at a time sometimes , calls in the middle of the night saying she wants to end it , sometimes the relationship , or sometimes suicidal thoughts . 
  and of course the arguments too , screaming matches at the front door , blocking each other 's numbers , pages of angry texts swearing bloody murder . 
  then she 'd turn up a bit later , full of apologies , seemingly grateful to be back , and then the cycle would begin again . 
  relationships like this actually propagate themselves , because if you become used to it then it can actually make nice down to earth people seem to mundane . 
  you do n't get that same feeling of being special , you do n't feel like its you and them against the world , it 's all too pragmatic and rational . 
  when i see women exhibiting behaviour similar to my ex then i ca n't help but find it attractive . 
  it 's totally fucked but it 's not something i can help , even being aware of it . 
  i do n't rage against women for it though , i rage against myself for texting the girl who showed all the warning signs while letting contact with the nice girl i met go dead . 
  i rage against the part of me that respects unscrupulous desire driven behaviour over being a sensible member of society who gets along with everyone .
